THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
shall be ejected and compelled to find an employer,
or leave the town wifchm twenty-four hours. The
lessor or furnisher of the house leased or kept as above
shall pay afine of ten dollars for each offense,
, kEC. 4. JNo> negro or freedman shall reside within
the limits ox the town of Opelousas who is not in the
regular service of some white person or former owner,
who shall be held responsible for the conduct of said
Ireedman. But said employer or former owner may
permit said freedman tohire his time, by special per-
mission m writing, which permission shall not extend
over twenty-four hours at any one time. Anyone
violating the provisions of this section shall be im-
prisoned and forced to work for two days on the pub-
lic streets.
Sec. 5. No public meetings or congregations of ne-
groes or freedmen shall be allowed within the limits
ot the town of Opelousas, under any circumstances or
lor any purpose, without the permission of the mayor
or president of the board. This prohibition isnot in-
tended, however, to prevent freedmen from attending
the usual church services conducted by established
ministers of religion. Every freedman violating this
lawshall be imprisoned and made to work five days
on the public streets.
Sec. 6. No negro or freedman shall be permitted
to preach, exhort, or otherwise declaim, to congrega-
tions of colored people without a special permission
from the mayor or president of the board of police,
under the penalty of a fine of ten dollars or twenty
days' work on the public streets.
Sl?c- X* fr£c<lnmn wjj0 is not in thc miiij.ary
service shall be allowed to carry fire-arms, or any kind
of weapons, within the limits of the town of Opelousas
without the spccial permission of his employer, in
writing, ana approved by the mayor or president of
the board of police. Any onethusoffending shall for-
feit his weapons, and shall be imprisoned and made
to work five days on the public streets, or pay a fine
of five dollars in lieu of said work.
Sec. 8. No freedman shall sell, barter, or exchange
any articles ot merchandise or traffic within the limits
of Opelousas without permission in writing from his
employer or the mayor or president of the board, un-
der thc penalty of thc forfeiture of said articles, and
imprisonment and one day's labor, or a fine of one
dollar in lieu of said work.
Sec. 9. Any freedman found drunk within the
limits of the town shall be imprisoned and made to
labor five days on the public streets, or pay five dol-
lars m lieu of said labor.
Sec. 10. Any freedman not residing in Opelousas,
who shall be found within its corporate limits after
the hour of three o'clock p. ra., on Sunday, without a
special written permission from his employer or the
mayor, shall be arrested and imprisoned and mode to
work two days on thc public streets, or pay two dol-
lars in lieu of said work.
Sec. 11. All thc foregoing provisions apply to freed-
men and freed women, or both sexos.
Sec. 12. It shall bo thc special duty of the mayor
or president of the board to see that all thc provisions
of this ordinance are faithfully executed.
Sec. 13. Bn It further ordained, That this ordinance
is to t.ake effect from and after its first publication.
Ordained the 3d day of Julv, 18G5.
E. D. ESTILLETTE,
President of the JJoaid uf I'vlke.
Joseph D. Richard, Clerk.
And I have here upon my table the proceed-
ings of a meeting held in Virginia, at a place
called Turkey Island, which was presided over
by men of influence and property. That meet-
ing was held within the last month. The fol-
lowing is the published account of their pro-
ceedings :
the james kiv'ek l-'au.ubks and Tilk msgiiocs.
On the 5tli instant a meeting of the James river
farmers was held at Turkey Island, Henrico county,
for the purpose of adopting some fixed rules and regu-
lations for the government alike of thc farmers them-
selves and the freedmen employed by them. Colonel
Hill Carter, of Shirley, was called to the chair, and
Major Charles Pickett appointed secretary. After
mature deliberation, the following resolutions were
adopted:
1. That toward all freedmen in our employ we will
act justly, and that we consjderthe following rates of
wages fair and liberal, and that Ave pledge oui-selves
not to exceed them:
2. A first-class field hand shall be paid by the year
$130, a first-class field hand shall be paid by the month
ten dollars; a sccond-classfield handshall be paid by
the year &105, a second-class field hand shall be paid
by the month eight dollars; a third-class field hand
shall be paid by theyearseventy dollars, a third-class
field hand shall be paid by the month five dollars; a
first-class woman (field hand) per month five dollars,
second-class woman (field hand) per month three dol-
lars.
3. The classes are described as follows; first-class
field hand, plowman; second-class field hand, good
general farm hand; third-class farm hand, boy or old
man.
4. Each hand hired by thc year shall have deducted
a "per diem" (pro rata) for sickness, holidays,or ab-
sence by leave of the employer.
5. Each hand hired by the month shall be subject to
the same deduction as those hired by the year, and in
addition shall be charged one dollar a month for their
fuel during the months of December, January, Feb-
ruary. and March.
6. For disobedience of orders or insubordination,
each hand will be charged one dollar, _
7. For leaving the farm with out permission, one dol-
lar will b© charged each hand, in addition to the loss
of time.
8. Each hand will be held responsible for injury or
loss to the stock and farming utensils, if occasioned
by negligence, and the amount deducted from his
wages.
9. All of the hands will be required to submit to
such rules, and work in such way and at such times,
either night or day, as was formerly customary in this
section of the country. By this it is not meant that
the farmers are to make a regular habit of requiring
night work, but that they shall require such work only
as it has been usual to have done at night.
10. Twenty-six working days shall be considered as
a month.
11. The usual attendance on mules, horses, and all
other stock will be required on Sundays and holi-
days.
12. Three quarters of an hour will be allowed for
breakfast, and an hour for dinner, cxccpt during the
months of June, July, and August, when an hour will
be allowed for breakfast and an hour and a half for
dinner.
13. No hand will be employed who has been dis-
charged for misconduct or violation of contract.
14. Each hand employed by the month shall give his
employer ten days' notice of his intention to leave, or
forfeit one third of his month's wages.
15. Each hand hired by the year shall bepaid quar-
terly, the employer always keeping the hand ono
month's wages in arrears.
16. The rations shall bo as follows; for men, three
pounds of meat per week; for women and boys, two
pounds of meat per week, or its equivalent. For men,
fifteen pounds of meal per week; for women and boys,
twelve pounds of meal per week.
These proceedings were communicated to
General Howard by the assistant commissioner
of that district, and the following instructions
were returned:
"Thc interests of the freedmen arc committed by
law to this bureau.
" Thc spirit and letter of the regulations referred to
are diametrically opposed to nearly every circular
and order from this ofhee.
" The ficcdmen referred to in the resolutions are at
liberty to enter intojustsuch agreements orcontracts
as thcyplcasc, and with whomsoever they please, and
they will not. ho restrained from receiving as high
wages as they can get.
"Yon will please communicate with the gentlemen
named in the article, and inform them, and. ulno tho
freedmen concerned, of the purposes and wishes of
the Commissioner as herein set forth."
In Maryland the schools which have been es-
tablished have been interrupted, and it has boon
urged that according to the laws uf the State
those schools must be closed.
In Mississippi houses have been burned and
negroes have been murdered, in Alabama a
new code, a slave code in fact, has been at-
tempted to be passed, and gentlemen must have
seen that in the Marlboro' district, in South
Carolina, the planters have recently held meet-
ings and resolved that the military power ought
to be withdrawn and the freedmen compelled
to work for their old masters. And so the word
comes on from one to another of these States,
until it is reduced to a certainty that if the arm
of thc Government is withheld from protect-
ing these men, and the powers of this bureau
are not continued and enlarged, mueli injustice
will be done to these freedmen, and there will
be no one thereto tell thc story.
Mr. Speaker, while speaking of the lands on
the Sea islands 1 intended to refer to the testi-
mony which I have before me, comin.cc from a
'young woman from my own city, known to me
as earnest, intelligent, and cultivated. She went
as a teacher to these islands, and her life has
already been given a sacrifice in their behalf.
From her last report I give this extract, refer-
ring to General Howard's visit to them in Oc-
tober last:
"Thc mind? of thc people are greatly agitated by
thc late vi«it of General Howard and .tome members
of his staff, with two of the former owners on this
island. Ilis coming was sudden and unexpected to
all. "We had heard rumors that some of thc former
owners were coming back, but did not believe, after
thc promises made to these people, that they would
be allowed to regain their lands on this inland. Un-
fortunately, we did not learn of thc meeting held for
General Howard till the day after, as we are miles
from everybody and everything; but we attended the
second held by the people, atwbich a paper was read,
which had been drawn up by aeommittce irom among
them, to state their feelings on the subject, and was
to be sent to the General. Thcreis but one sentiment.
' We will not work for our former master?.' is the cry
from one and all. What, troubles them most is. that,
if the owners do come back, they, the colored people,
will not be allowed to purchase one foot of land.
Their longing is to have a homestead; and for this
they are willing to work, paying a lawful price.
44 At a meeting held this week they decided, if thc
planters came back, to leave the island. But, poor
things, where can they go? General Howard saw
plainly their feelings on the subject, and apparently
fbe matter was painful to him. His kind, truthful
manner won their confidence and respect. The mat-
ter was put to vote; 'How many will -rfork' foi- 'tfieir
former masters?' None, or almost none, Taised their
hands. He saw how they folt, and asked how many
would trust the question to him, feeling that he would
do all he could that justice should be done to them.
They understood and appreciated his feeling. All
raised their hands; and now another man stands in
their minds with our dear PresidentLincoba, General
Sherman, and General Saxton—General Howard.
The day after the meeting many of thc people came
to u&, asking us to explain things to them saying,
they hadn't learning and couldn't understand.' Wo
u P k?8*WG could, trying to calm their'namds, to
hold forth no brighter prospects than we could see
ourselves, and to lead them to trust those who had
the matter m charge; promising that we would do all
that wo could for them. It will be terribly cruel if
these people are again to flee for freedom. They can,
without any question, support themselves, their poor,
and their aged, in a year or less, if they have the op-
portunity, if they have the privilege of buying land,
working, and paying for it. Many who have been here
for a rear have excellent crops of cotton, corn, and
ricc, which will be ample for their support till the
next harvest.
"Last Sunday night, taking my Bible, I went to one
of the cabins' and read to those who were gathered
there the first eight chapters of Exodus; and it was
interesting to hear the old men apply the situation of
thc Israelites, after they were freed from their bond-
age in Egypt, to their own present situation; and my
reading was often interrupted by questions or ex-
clamations. How thankful I was that I was with
them, and could in some slight degree assist them—
leading them in the first steps of knowledge.
"There is threat need of more laborers here—real,
earnest workers, working with heart and hand for
these needy people."
This bill, Mr. Speaker, has thrown light into
the dark places. There has been no oppression
that could not be reported to headquarters here
by its officers and a remedy applied. With-
draw the bureau and the freedmen will haveno
friend to stand between them and those who
would oppress them.
I have here a copy of a report made to the
Union League of Philadelphia, which I believe
has been distributed among members of this
House. A s stating the views held by that league,
1 call attention to the following paragraph :
"To the freedmen so suddenly liberated by the
movements of our armies and thc policy of our Gov-
ernment we owe a duty from which we must not turn
in the (lays of our prosperity, but rather make that
prospeii ty a means of adjusting their uncertain posi-
tion in thc land of their early bondage, and of securing
to them every blessing that right judgment may decide
to belong to a state of absolute liberty. We must not
forgot the fidelity shown to the nation by this op-
pressed race in the darkest horns of our history, nor
thc desperate nature of the services rendered to us
when they fust arrayed themselves in arms to inoet
the early contempt, of their white comrades and the
cold-blooded massacres of our common enemies. A
double share of fortitude was necessary to encounter
these two great difficulties, and our blacksoldicrs bore
both with unfailing manhood. Mere cold justice, if not
a more commendable gratitude, should make us the
watchful guardians of the present condition and the
future prospects of tho race which God ha^ confided
to our keeping. Thc perplexities of our guardianship
may be vast and disheartening; but wo should bear
them with ^the same courage and hopefulness that
led this derided people into fields where no quarter
was given to their wounded, and where the ready
halter awaited their captured files. The wish of the
nation, clearly expressed to our Government, has
always been sufficient to shape its policy; and doubt-
less t he voice that arose in the recent elections in tho
North will reach the wakeful ears of our Represent-
atives at the capital. Wo trust that it may, and it
should be our effort to swell the force and volume of
tho popular demand."
"VVe know perfectly well thc course that has
been pursued by that—-in fact as well as in name
--"Loyal Leagucof Philadelphia." All that I
want is that wo should reply to the communi-
cations which have come from the South and 4
the demands which have come from the North,
from Indiana, Ohio, Illinois, and from more
northern States, from men who have the care
of these freedmen at heart, who have devoted
time, labor, and money to render such aid as
they could that the life of the bureau should be
lengthened and its powers enlarged; that we
shall legislate so as to make the freedom we
have conferred a blessing to them. "We have
an account to give for our stewardship, not to
them alone but to ilini who made them and us.
Mr. Speaker, it was niv intention to examine
the bill more in detail, but I will withhold fur-
ther remarks at present, holding myself now-
prepared to give an answer to any gentleman
who may be disposed to put to me any inquiry
in reference to the character of the bill or the
amendments which we have proposed.
Mr. THAYER. Will the gentleman allow
