102
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 19,
Senate.
Apportionment of Representation—Mr. Yates.
39th Coi\TGt....lsx Bess.
I will read further from the same decision.
This decision goes on to say, on page 426 of
the same volume:
" No one, we presume, supposes that any change in
public opinion or feeling in relation to this unfortu-
nate race, in the civilized nations ot Europe or in
this country, should induce the court to rive to the
words of the Constitution a more liberal construction
in then favor than they were intended to bear when
the instrument was framed and adopted." *
4 " "If any of its provisions are deemed unjust,
there is a mode proscribed in the instrument itself
by which it may be amended, but while it remains
unaltered, it must be construed now as it was under-
stood at the time of its adoption."
But it has been altered: the negro is no longer
regarded as a slave or belonging to a subject
race, but as the gentleman from Maryland.
[Mr. Johnson,] even, admits, he is a man, and
susceptible of the highest cultivation.
It is in the light of this new estimate of the
freedman that we are to consider the provisions
for his emancipation now in the Constitution,
and to confer upon him the full and equal en-
joyment of all his rights. Sir, I do not believe
our fathers had any such low estimate as was
attributed to them in that decision, but that
they did most reluctantly compromise for rea-
sons before stated. I vindicate them from the
black stain implied by any construction which
would go to show that they meant "all men"
except the negro "are created equal."
J said, I did not believe the framers of the
Declaration meant to exclude any particular
class or race of men. when they declared all
men equal. Sir, facts are stubborn things, and
no logic, not even of the most astute and pro-
found lawyer, can destroy the f rce of any im-
portant fact, h is a stern, stubborn, historical
fact that at the time of the adoption of the
Constitution the freedmen, inhabitants of the
States of New Hampshire, Massachusetts, New
York, New Jersey, and North Carolina, were
not only citizens of those States but possessed
the franekise of electors on equal terms with
the other citizens, and. sir, were not only in-
cluded in the body of the people of the United
States by whom the Constitution was made,
bat voted on the question of its adoption. Is
it not strange that the framers meant to say that
they were not included in the Declaration of In-
dependence who were suffered to vote whether
or not the Constitution should be ordained and
established?
There is another stubborn fact which goes to
-howthat the fathers did not design to make
the distinction in favor of vyhite men only, and
[ hat fact is this, that while the xYrticles of Con-
federation were under the consideration of Con-
gress, on the 23d June, 1778, the delegates from
South Carolina moved to amend the fourth of
the fundamental Articles of the Confederation,
which reads as follow? :
"The free inhabitants of each of these States, pau-
fers vagabonds, and fugitives from justice excepted,
sha-1 be entitled to ail the privileges and immunities
ol the tree citizens of the several States."
They moved to amend this fourth article bv
inserting after the word •"tree." and before the
word "inhabitants." the word "white;" so
that the privileges and immunities of general
citizenship would be secured only to' white
persons. Only two States voted for it, while
eight voted against it. and the vote of one State
was divided, and the language of the article
remained unchanged and went into the Con-
stitution of the United States without any re-
striction to white jt!.:r -on>.
Ii.it whether or not the fathers meant to ex-
clude free colore-d persons. the decision in the
Dred Scott ease was made under the Consti-
tution bcioiv the recent amendment, and the
court, in the folio wing emphatic language, leaves
the inference irresistible that the decision would
lie different :n case of an amendment of that
instrument.
I quote from lu Howard, page 42G:
*'one,_we presume, supposes that any change in
public opinion <n\ feeiiu^ in relation to this unfortu-
nate race in the civilized nations of Europe, or in this
«??? /?' induce the court to give to the words
fit tneumshtutSon a more libera! construction in their
favor than they were intended to bear when the in-
strument was framed and adopted." * * * .*
" If any of its provisions are deemed unjust, there is
a mode prescribed in the instrument itself by which
it may be amended; but while it remains unaltered,
it must be construed now as it was understood at the
time of its adoption."
The meaning of this, sir, was that a slave oj-
a descendant of a slave could not be a citizen
under the Constitution as originally adopted,
and that it must be so construed until the Con-
stitution is altered. It has been altered, and
conforms to public opinion of the present day,
which demands the recognition of the manhood
of the negro.
And there is not a-word in that whole decis-
ion which, under the Constitution as altered,
does not go to support the proposition that the
freedman, under the amendment, stands upon
the same footing of civil and political equality
with the white man : subject to the same stat-
utory disabilities, and entitled to all the rights
and privileges of the white man.
Now, sir, I come to the point to which the
Senator from Delaware has referred, and ac-
cording to the decision relied upon especially
by that Senator, the decision in the Dred Scott
case, I here take tjie position that Congress has
no power to make a citizen, except to natural-
ize a foreigner, or to make, him a citizen by
naturalization; nor has a State any such right.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Had the State of Mary-
land the right to enact that law? That is my
question.
Mr. YATES. The State of Maryland can-
not exclude any man in the United States who
has in himself the inherent rights, the God-
given rights of manhood and freedom. Mary-
land cannot do it, and Illinois cannot do it.
and all the power of the Congress of the United
States cannot do it, except by an amendment
to the Constitution conferring upon Congress
that power.
I refer next to the same decision upon the
' question of the rights of citizens in the several
States. 1 admit that according to this decision
every State had a right to exclude an African
citizen, and the constitution of that State ra-
the law of that Stale was not anti-republican in
its form : but when a man becomes a citizen of
the United States he cannot be excluded by
any State. I read from the same decision, page
42:j of the same volume, where you will see
that Chief Justice Taney was trying to show
that all these State laws would be unconstitu-
tional if the negro was a citizen, that he could
come into the State in spite of the power of
the constitution of the State and claim the rights
of a citizen, and the Chief Justice goes on to
show what would be the consequences of such
a construction:
"If persons of the African race are citizens of a
State and of the United States they would be entitled
to all of these privileges and immunities in eveiy
State, and the St?te eould not restrictthem; for they
would hotd these privileges and immunities under the
paramount authority ot the Federal Government, and
its courts would be bound to enforce them, the consti-
tution and laws of theState to theeontrarv notwith-
standing. And if the States could limit or restrict
them, or place the party in an inferior grade, this
clause of the Constitution would be unmeaning, and
could have no operation, and would give no rights to
thecitizen when in another State. lie would have
none but what the State itself eho^e to allow him.
This is evidently not the construction or meaning uf
th£ clause in question. It guaranties rights to the
citizen, and the State cannot withhold them."
If the Senator from Maine [Mr. Fessevdex]
were now in his seat I would show him where
the penalty is for such a law as I propose
\\ henever a law in any State is unconstitutional
the courts are bound to enforce the Constitu-
tion. There is the penalty. We can receive
them or not receive their members-elect of Con-
gress or members of the State Legislature.
There is penalty again. And now. if such legis-
lation is not absolutely necessary, yet it is
highly expedient that at least a declaratory law
should be passed so that uniform construction
and uniform obedience and submission to the
Constitution may be secured from all the States.
Now, sir. [ come to the other proposition.
and it is equally clear, that neither Congress
nor a State make a citizen, except that Congress
may naturalize foreigners, and is founded on
good sense and reason. I read now from page
419, Chief Justice Taney's decision:
" The Constitution upon its adoption obviously took
from the States all power by any subsequent legisla-
tion to introduce as a citizen into the political family
of the United States any one, no matter where he was
born, or what might be his character or condition :
and it gave to Congress the power to confer this char-
acter upon those only who were born outside of tho
dominions of the United States."
The decision goes on to say that therefore
no law of Congress or of any State can deprive
a citizen of his rights.
Sir, there was one view upon which this de-
cision did deprive the freedman of the right to
vote. What was that? It was upon the same
view that a woman is deprived of the right to
vote. What was that? Because he could not
come to the support of and defend the Govern-
ment ; and I have the decision of the Supreme
Court here, which is irresistible on that point.
If a man can come to the support and defense
of the Government, he is necessarily one of the
body-politic and one of the people of the Uni-
ted States. I dwell upon these points at some
length knowing that they are tedious, but I am
making them not only for the Senate but for
the country, for it is the reflex influence of our
great constituency on Congress to which I look
for the passage of the bill I propose. In the
same volume, page 415, the Chief Justice cites
the case of N ew Hampshire to show that the
negroes were not citizens under the Constitu-
tion of the United States, and gives as'a rea-
son that they were not enrolled in the militia
of the United States. Let us see what he says:
"The alien is excluded, because, being born in a
foreign country, he cannot be a member of the com-
munity until he is nauu.Jized; but why are the Af-
rican race, born in the State, not permitted to share
in one of the highest duties of the citizen'! The an-
swer is obvious. He is not, by the institutions and
laws of the State, numbered among its people. He
forms no part of the sovereignty of the State, and is
not therefore called on to uphold and defend it."
The moment the United States of America per-
mitted the name of the freedman to be enrolled
on that list of immortal names who bore the ban-
ner of the Republic in triumph, and planted its
victorious folds upon the battlements of the en-
emy, this Government, by the proclamation of
Abraham Lincoln, declaring that his freedom
should be maintained, and by its pledge made to
the civilized world, said that he should be not
only a citizen in war but a citizen in peace. I
know that we are met on every hand by the argu-
ment that women are excluded from the right
of suffrage. The answer to that is very easv
and very plain. I am not proposing to amend
the Constitution of the United States: and there
is no power in the Constitution to confer tl e
right of suffrage upon a woman. According
to the spirit of the decision to which I have
referred, and by the universal consent of man-
kind, she is not a part of the body-politic so
as to exercise the right of suffrage.* Now, if
these gallant gentlemen are so anxious to con-
fer suffrage on the ladies, and have them min-
gle in the broils of parties and elections, let
thembringin an amendment, and I am not sure
that I will not vote for it.
W hen it is asked why may she not vote since
she is oii.cn a tax-pyyer, I anM\ or that there are
restrictions which aie inevitabl". Minority is
such a restriction. Woman is excluded bv'the
inevitable proprieties of the case, 'i he ballot
is in polities what the bayoin-t is in war. Those
only who vvield the sword art1, by the universal
consent of both am km it and modern civiliza-
tion. supposed capable of wielding the ballot.
'U e should most certainly violate the proprie-
ties of humanity were we to compel the softer
sex to take part in the bloody work of physical
warfare. And yet. sir, to thrust woman into
the arena of political strife is quite as abhorrent,
and would be quite as destructive of her womanly
qualities, as to eompel her to take pnrt in the
khoek of arms.
