2542
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
called 'will be excluded j. the members of the
Thirty-Sixth Congress who in any manner-
aided this rebellion will be excluded; all per-
sons who were educated at the national acade-
mies, naval or military, who have been endowed
by the people with the power of knowledge, a
gift next in value to the gift of the understand-
ing with which the breath of the Almighty has
given them, are exc^ded; the persons who
represented this confederacy of treason and
crime in any part of the habitable globe are
excluded; and above all and beyond all, all per-
sons who in any manner subjected to untimely
death by exposure or neglect or the slow torture
of famine or poison the captive defenders of the
Union, are forever excluded.
The mere statement and concession of the
people's right to exercise this power, which is
undoubtedly the sovereign right of the Ameri-
can people, by a congressional act, ought to
have suggested to the honorable gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Basics] that if it is need-
ful in this great work of reconstruction further
to disfranchise the participants in this rebel-
lion, it can be done in like manner by an act of
Congress, and without a constitutional amend-
ment.
The franchise of a Federal elective office is
as clearly one of the privileges of a citizen of
the United States as is the elective franchise
for choosing Representatives in Congress or
presidential electors. They are beth provided
for and guarantied in your Constitution. Why,
then, prohibit rebels from the enjoyment of
the first for life by an act of Congress and
restrict the second for a term of years by a con-
stitutional amendment? To be sure we all
agree, and the great body of the people of this
country agree, and the committee thus far in
reporting measures of reconstruction agree,
that the exercise of the elective franchise,
though it be one of the privileges of a citizen
of the Republic, is exclusively under the con-
trol of the States. But, sir, the commit-
tee never intimated and never intended to
intimate by any measure they have reported
that any State lately in insurrection can exer-
cise either that power or any other until it is
restored to its constitutional relation to the
Union save by the express or implied consent
of the Congress of the United States, nor that
after being restored they can exercise that
power contrary to the express conditions pre-
scribed by Congress for their restoration. The
power to prescribe these conditions is exclu-
sively in Congress.
That is the philosophy of every measure of
reconstruction now pending before the House.
And that is wherein it is opposed to the opin-
ions of gentlemen on the other side of the House
who have spoken, I am sorry to say—and I
say it without the slightest intention of giving
offense to any man—not in the spirit of repre-
sentatives of the people, but in the spirit of
partisans. For myself, I cannot approach the
discussion of this great question, which con-
cerns the safety of all, in the spirit of a parti-
san. God forbid that I should approach this
subject in any other character than that of a
representative of the people—a representative
of the people not unmindful of the oath which
I took, sir, before your tribune.
Mr. WRIGHT. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman, by reflection, seems to infer
that we do not represent the people, and that
we are unmindful of our oaths.
The SPEAKER. That is not a point of
order under parliamentary law, but an inter-
ruption without the consent of the member
speaking.
Mr. BINGHAM. The want of the Republic
to-day is not a Democratic party, is not a Re-
publican party, is not any party save a party
for the Union, for the Constitution, for the
supremacy of the laws, for the restoration of
all the States to their political rights and pow-
ers under such irrevocable guarantees as will
forevermore secure the safety of the Republic,
the equality of the States, and the equal rights
Ctf all the people under the sanctions of invio-
lable law.
I trust, Mr. Speaker, that after the roll shall
have been called this day, and the departing sun
shall have gilded with its last rays the dome
of the Capitol, it will not be recorded by the
pen of the historian that the sad hour had come
to this great Republic which, in the day of its
approaching dissolution, came to the republic
of ancient Rome, when it was said Cassar had
his party, Antony had his party, Brutus had
his party, but the Commonwealth had none!
I speak to-day, Mr. Speaker, to the party
that is for the Republic; to the party that is
for the Constitution; to the party that is for
the speedy restoration to their constitutional
relations of the late insurrectionary States,
under such perpetual guarantees as will guard
the future of the Republic by the united voice
of a united people against the sad calamities
which have in these late years befallen it.
Mr. Speaker, the final settlement of this
grave question which touches the nation's life
is at last with the people of the loyal States—
the loyal people of the Union. To the end,
therefore, knowing, as the committee did know,
that parties must dissolve, that men must perish
from the earth, but that the Commonwealth is
for all time, if its laws be just and its people be
faithful, they propose to the several States a
perpetual covenant in the form of a constitu-
tional amendment, never to be broken so long
as the people adhere to their cherished forms
of government,which,when ratified, will secure
the safety of all and the rights of each, not only
during the present generation, but throughout
all generations, until this grand example of
free government shall itself be forgotten. The
amendment reported by the committee is as
follows:
Article —.
Sec. 1. No State shall make or enforce any law
which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of
citizens of the United States; nor shall any State de-
prive any person of life, liberty, or property without
due process of law; nor deny to any person within
its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws.
Sec. 2. Representatives sh all be apportioned among
the several States which may be included within this
Union according to their respective numbers, count-
ing the whole number of persons in each State, ex-
cluding Indians not taxed. But whenever, in any
State, the elective franchise shall be denied to any
portion of its male citizens not less than twenty-one
years of age, or in any way abridged, except for partici-
pation in rebellion or other crime, the basis of repre-
sentation in such State shall be reduced in the pro-
portion which the number of such male citizens shall
bear to the whole number of male citizens not loss
than twenty-one years of age.
Sec. 3. Until the 4th day of July, in the year 1870,
all persons who voluntarily adhered to the late insur-
rection, giving it aid and comfort, shall be excluded
from the right to vote for Representatives in Con-
gress and for electors for President and Vice Presi-
dent of the United States.
Sec. 4. Neither the United States nor any State
shall assume or pay any debt or obligation already
incurred, or -which may hereafter be incurred, in aid
of insurrection or of -war against the United States,
or any claim for compensation for loss of involuntary
service or labor.
Sec. 5. The Congress shall have power to enforce by
appropriate legislation the provisions of this article.
The necessity for the first section of this
amendment to the Constitution, Mr. Speaker,
is one of the lessons that have been taught to
your committee and taught to all the people
of this country by the history of the jiast four
years of terrific conflict—that history in which
God is, and in which He teaches the profound-
cst lessons to men and nations. There was a
want hitherto, and there remains a want now,
in the Constitution of our country, which the
proposed amendment will supply. What is
that ? It is the power in the people, the whole
people of the United States, by express author-
ity of the Constitution to do that by congres-
sional enactment which hitherto they have not
had the power to do, and have never even
attempted to do; that is, to protect by national
law the privileges and immunities of all the
citizens of the Republic and the inborn rights
of every person within its jurisdiction when-
ever the same shall be abridged or denied by
the unconstitutional acts of any State.
Allow me, Mr. Speaker, in passing, to say
that this amendment takes from no State any
right that ever pertained to it. No State ever
had the right, under the forms of law or other-
wise, to deny to any freeman the equal pro-
tection of the laws or to abridge the privileges
or immunities of any citizen of the Republic,
although many of them have^ assumed and
exercised the power, and that without remedy.
The amendment does not give, as the second
section shows, the power to Congress of regu-
lating suffrage in the several States.
The second section excludes the conclusion
that by the first section suffrage is subjected to
congressional law; save, indeed, with this
exception, that as the right in the people of
each State to a republican government and
to choose their Representatives in Congress is
of the guarantees of the Constitution, by this
amendment a remedy might be given directly
for a case supposed by Madison, where treason
might change a State government from a re-
publican to a despotic government, and thereby
deny suffrage to the people. Why should any
American citizen object to that? But, sir, it
has been suggested, not here, but elsewhere, if
this section does not confer suffrage the need
of it is not perceived. To all such I beg leave
again to say, that many instances of State injus-
tice and oppression have already occurred in
the State legislation of this Union, of flagrant
violations of the guarantied privileges of citi-
zens of the United States, for which the na-
tional Government furnished and could furnish
by law no remedy whatever. Contrary to the
express letter of your Constitution, "cruel and
unusual punishments" have been inflicted
under State laws within this Union upon citi-
zens, not only for crimes committed, but for
sacred duty done, for which and against which
the Government of the United States had pro-
vided no remedy and could provide none.
Sir, the words of the Constitution that "the
citizens of each State shall be entitled to all
privileges and immunities of citizens in the
several States'' include, among other privileges,
the right to bear true allegiance to the Consti-
tution and laws of the United States, and to
be protected in life, liberty, and property.
Next, sir, to the allegiance which we all owe
to God our Creator, is the allegiance which we
owe to our common country.
The time was in our history, thirty-three
years ago, when, in the State of South Carolina,
by solemn ordinance adopted in a convention
held under the authority of State law, it was
ordained, as a part of the fundamental law of
that State, that the citizens of South Carolina-,
being citizens of the United States as well,
should abjure their allegiance to every other
government or authority than that of the State
of South Carolina.
That ordinance contained these words:
" The allegiance of the citizens of this State is due
to the State: and no allegiance is due from them to
any other Power or authority ; and the General
Assembly of said State is hereby empowered from
time to time, when they may deem it proper, to pro-
vide for the administration to the citizens and offi-
cers of the State, or such of the said officers as they
may think fit, of suitable oaths or affirmations, bind-
ing them to the observance of such allegiance, and
abjuring all other allegiance; and also to define what
shall amount to a violation of their allegiance, and
to provide the proper punishment for such violation."
There was also, as gentlemen know, an at-
tempt made at the same time by that State to
nullify the revenue laws of the United States.
What was the legislation of Congress in that
day to meet this usurpation of authority by
that State, violative alike of the rights of the
national Government and of the rights of the
citizen?
In that hour of danger and trial to the country
there was as able a body of men in this Capitol
as was ever convened in Washington, and of
these were Webster, Clay, Benton, Silas Wright,
John Quincy Adams, and Edward Livingston.
They provided a remedy by law for the inva-
sion of the rights of the Federal Government
and for the protection of its officials and
those assisting them in executing the revenue
laws. (See 4 Statutes-at-Large, 03'2~33.) No
remedy was provided to protect the citizen.
Why was the act to provide for the collection
of the revenue passed, and to protect all act-
ing under it, and no protection given to secure
the citizen against punishment for fidelity to
