1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
103
39tii Cons.... 1st Sess.
Apportionment of Representation—Mr. Yates.
Senate.
The only exception to tlie rule of ancient
times, that woman should not bear arms?, is to
be found in traditions regarding the Amazons.
They ar'e represented a very warlike race of
women as having deprived themselves of the
right breast, that they might be the better able
to wield the weapons of warfare. Would my
friend from Missouri [Mr. Henderson] per-
mit such an act of barbarity in the case of the
elegant and majestic ladies of his State, so re-
markable for their beauty and so irresistible
in the fascination of their womanly charms? I
know what his answer would be. Well, would
he do what is worse, have her do morally what
the Amazons did physically, by thrusting her
into the strifes and stern conflicts of politics
and elections, part with those softer, more deli-
cate, more lovable qualities, which constitute
her the ornament of society, and which, as
Edmund Burke says, "inspire in man the high-
est and noblest passions of human life?" I am
not proposing to amend the Constitution of the
United States. If any of the gentlemen who
propose to amend the Constitution wish to dis-
play their gallantry, let them propose to amend
it in this respect. There are some reasons
which are applicable to them which are not
applicable to the male portion of the people.
They do not bear all the burdens,of the Gov-
ernment ; do not work the roads ; they do not
fight, in the Army.
I come, then, to the question, how is a citizen
of the United States made? How does a man
become a citizen of the United States? Those
who were citizens of the United States at the
adoption of the Constitution were the people.
"We, the people, do ordain and establish this
Constitution.'' Thewords "people" and " cit-
izen" are synonymous, as Ihave shown. Now,
sir, I show that by the amendment to the Consti-
tution of the United States the former slave has
become a freeman; his disability is removed;
he is no longer one of a subject race; he can-
not be bought and sold ; he steps from his con-
dition of slavery into the family of freedom,
ljecomes one of the body-politic, and is one of
the sovereign people. And, sir, if no State can
make him a citizen, and if the Congress of the
United States cannot make him a citizen, ex-
cept through an alteration of the Constitution
so as to confer upon Congress the power, then
he never can be a citizen except through the
operation of the recent amendment, and he and
his descendants forever must be deprived of*
this great right of franchise. Sir, they are cit-
izens, or they are slaves. They are subjects, or
they are sovereigns. This is exclusively a white
man's Government, or it is a Government for
all men.
What, then, is the objection to passing the
bill for whic-h I contend? It is evident that you
cannot confer freedom upon the slave without
exercising your power under the Constitution.
If you go before the people with constitutional
amendments they will be voted down in the
slave States and in some of the free States.
The result will be that the people, determined
to do justice to this class of men, will find the
power where it properly belongs, in the consti-
tutional amendment securing to them freedom,
and in the subsequent clause which makes it
the duty of Congress to enforce by appropriate
legislation the prohibition of slavery and to
secure full freedom, civil and political, to all
citizens.
Why will we not inunfullymeet the issue, and
exercise the power we already have, and by a
general law of Congress enforce the provision
of the Constitution in all the States alike—in
Illinois and Tennessee, in Maine and in South
Carolina? I deny the conclusion of the Sena-
tor from Missouri that there isreason to believe
the Supreme Court, even under the hard ruling
of the Drcd Scott ease, would decide the law
unconstitutional.
What court. aftertheDred Scottdeeision, will
again incur the infamy of all history by such a |i
decision as this would be against justice and !i
the enlightened convictions of the wise and
good everywhere?
I know what the politician's objection is.
The politician's objection is, " Wh'y take this
out of the hands of the people of the States?"
Sir, we do not take it out of the hands of the
people of the States. The people of the States
liave by the Constitution conferred the power
upon us; they have placed the responsibility
upon us; and they will brand us with moral
cowardice if, waiting to pass amendments which
never can be adopted, we fail to exercise the
power which we clearly have.
I like the amendment of the Senator from
Misssouri, [Mr. Henderson,] but it can never
be adopted. But I am opposed to it because we
have already the power in the Constitution to
do the same thing. Is there any statesman here
who dares rise in his place and say that we have
the right to secure to the f'reedman all his civil
rights, to give him the right to enforce con-
tracts, to testify and be a party to suits, to
acquire, hold, and dispose of property, but
cannot secure him in his most essential right,
the right by which he protects himself in the
enjoyment of all his civil rights, of his person,
of his family, his life, and his reputation? I
say, sir, that j'ou cannot abolish slavery, you
cannot secure freedom to the slave unless, by
appropriate legislation, you pass a bill to give
him that freedom in all the States and Terri-
tories of the United States.
Sir, let gentlemen come forward and meet the
issue like men. Let them come forward and do
what they have by the Constitution the clear
power to do, and that is a sine qua mm in
order to carry into effect the constitutional pro-
hibition of slavery. As for me, I would rather
face the music and meet the responsibility like
a man and send to the people of the State of
Illinois the boon of universal suffrage and of a
full and complete emancipation than meet the
taunt of northern demagogues that I would
force suffrage upon North Carolina and Ten-
nessee and Delaware while Iliad not the cour-
age to prescribe it for our own free States. Sir,
it will be f he crime of the century if now, having
the power, as we clearly have, we lack the nerve
to do the work that is given us to do.
Let me say to my Republican friends, you
are too late. You have gone too far to recede
now. Four million people, one seventh of your
whole population, you have set free. Will you
start back appalled at the enchantment your
own wand has called up? The sequences of
your own teachings are upon you. As forme,
I start not back appalled when universal suf-
frage confronts me. When the bloody ghost
of slavery rises, I say, " Shake j'our gory locks
at me; I did it." 1 accept the situation. I
fight not against the logic of events or the de-
crees of Providence. 1 expected it, sir, and
I meet it half way. I am for universal suf-
frage. I bid it "all hail!" "all hail!"
Four million people set free! What will pro-
tect them ? The ballot. What alone will give
us a peaceful and harmonious South ? The
ballot to all. What will quench the fires of dis-
cord, give us back all the States, a restored
Union, and make us one people? The ballot,
and that alone. Is there no other way? None
other under the sun. There is no other sal-
vation.
Senators, go to the country with it. Write it
upon the sky. Inscribe it upon your banners,
and hang them on the outer walls. It is the
flaming symbol of victory. Sir. tell me not that
"the people will vote us down on this propo-
sition." "Address that argument to cowards.
"With the free and the brave it avails nothing."
Yon give the white rc-bel the right to tax the
loyal f'reedman, and to impose whatever bur-
dens he pleases upon him, and you call that
freedom.
Liberty without equality is no boon. Talk
not to me of civil without political emancipa-
tion! It is the technical pleading of the la.w-
ver: it is not the enlarged view of the stati?«
man. If a man has no vote for the men and
the measures which tax himself, his family and
his property and all which determine his repu-
tation, that man is still a slave. You say that
the citizen may have all his rights, to testify in
courts, to enforce contracts, to acquire and dis-
pose of property; but he shall not have his most
essential right, the right to vote, because, you
say, the right to vote is not a natural or a civil
right, but a political right. Suppose that-is
true : what of it? It is a distinction without a
difference. It is a special plea, and too narrow
for statesmanship. The only way to give effect
to your constitutional amendment—the only
practical way—is to exercise the power which
you have to secure every right, natural, civil,
political, to all the people.
I here positively deny that we can give effect
to the constitutional amendment giving free-
dom to the slave, and yet debar him of the only
weapon with which be can protect himself in
that freedom. Emancipation, in the light of our
Government, means not only the breaking of
the chains of slavery, not only destroying the
status of the slave, but it means conferring upon
him every right which every American citizen
enjoys. The legislation which secures the bal-
lot is the only '' appropriate'' legislation. Your
Freedmen's Bureaus are well enough as a tem-
porary measure; but if you will give the freed-
man the ballot, he needs no such law. Give
him equality in fact, the law will follow. The
laws as they are for all other persons will be
all he needs. Give him the ballot, and he will
become an identified element in society, and
the politicians who now jeer a?rd deride him,
who point to his infirmities, will pander to
him, and he will become self-sustaining.
Sir, the ballot will finish the negro question;
it will settle everything connected with this
question. Give the freedman the ballot, and
we need no Freedmen's Bureau, we need no
military me. we need no vast expenditures,
we need no standing army. The ballot will be
his standing army. The ballot is the cheap
and impregnable fortress of liberty. I may be
pardoned for quoting the oft-quoted stanza:
" There is a weapon surer yet
And better than the bajonet;
A weapon that comes down as still
As snow-flakes fail upon the sod,
And executes a freeman's will
As lightning docs the will of God;
A weapon that no bolts nor locks
Ciin bar—it is the ballot-box."
The ballot will lead the freedman over the
Red sea of our troubles. It will be the brazen
serpent, upon which he can look and live. It
will be his pillar of cloud by day and his pillar
of fire by night. Tt will lead him to Pisgah's
shining height, and across Jordan's stormy
wa\es. to Canaan's fair and happy .land. Sir,
the ballot is the freedman's Moses. So far as
man is concerned, I might say that Mr. Lin-
coln was the Moses of the freedman : but who-
ever shall be the truest friend of human free-
dom, whoever shall write his name highest upon
the horizon of public vision as the friend of
human liberty, that man—and I hope it may
be the present President of the United States—■
will be the J osliua to lead the people into the
land of deliverance.
Mr. President, there is one clause of the Con-
stitution which I confess, when I commenced
examining the Constitution to find this power
in favor of equality, seemed to me an objection
to the exercise of powei winch I tave proposed,
and that is this clause in section two. article one:
"The House of Xicpresenfativesshall be composed
of members cho.-en eveiy second y e;!V by the peoplo
of the Severn! Staffs, and the electors in each Mat*"*
shall have the qualifications requisite x'or cieetorb
thy most numerous bi,auch uf the State Legislature.
j If there was any force in that provision o£
the Constitution before the present amend-
ment was adopted, there is none now. If the
States could exclude an eletlor or any citizen
from the right of suffrage before the adoption
of the amendment, tb-y cannot do so now. and
why? Because the amendment hem# the last
