1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3503
Skc.4. And be it further enacted, That as soon as said
company shall file with the Secretary of the Interior
map^of its line, designating: the route thereof, it shall
be the duty of the said Secretary to withdraw from
the market the lands granted by this act, m such man-
ner as may be best calculated to effect the purposes
of this act and subserve the public interest.
Sec. 5. And be it further enqpted, That the United
States mail shall be transported on said road, and
under the direction of the Post Office Department,
at such price as Congress may by law provide: Pro-
vided, That until such price is fixed bylaw the Post-
master General shall have power to fix the compen-
sation.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the right of
way through the public lands be, and the same is
hereby, granted to said Pacific Railroad Company,
southern branch, its successors and assigns, for the
construction of a railroad as proposed; and the right
is hereby given to said corporation to take from the
public lands adjacent to the lino of said road material
for the construction thereof. Said way is granted to
said railroad to the extent of one hundred feet in
width on each side of said road where it may pass
through the public domain; also all necessary ground
for station buildings, workshops, depots, machine-
shops, switches, side-tracks, turn-tables, and water-
stations.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the accept-
ance of the terms, conditions, and impositions of this
act by the said Paciiic Railroad Company, southern
branch, shall be signified in writing, under the cor-
porate seal of the said company, duly executed pur-
suant to the direction of its board of director first
had and obtained, which acceptance shall be made
within one year after the passage of this act. and not
afterward, and shall be deposited with the Secretary
of the Interior.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted. That said Pacific
Railroad Company, southern branch, its successors
and assigns, is hereby authoiized and empowered to
extend and construct its railroad from the southern
boundary of Kansas, south through the Indian Ten i-
tory along the valley of Grand and Arkansas rivers, to
Fort Smith, in the State of Arkansas and the right of
way through said Indian Territory is hereby granted
to said company, its successors and assigns, to the
extent of one hundred feet on each side of haul rvad
or roads, and all necessary grounds for stations,
buildings, workshops, machine-shops, switches, side-
tracks, turn-tables, and water-stations.
Sec. 9. And he it further cnuctul. That the same
grants of lands through said Indian Territory are
hereby made as provided in the first section of this
act, whenever the'Indian title shall be extinguished
by treaty or otherwise, not to exceed the ratio per
mile granted in the firstscctionof this act: Provided,
That said lands become a part ot the public lands of
the United States.
Skc. 10. And. bo. it, further enacted, That said Pacific
llailruod Company, southern branch, its successors
and assigns, shall have the right to negotiate with
and acquire from any Indian nation or tube, author-
ized by the United States to dispose of lands for rail-
road purposes, and from any other nation or tribe of
Indians through whose lands said railroad mav pass,
subjcct to the approval of the President of the United
States, or front any company or parties incorporated
or authorized for such purposes, by such nation or
tribe, or which such parties may have acquired under
the laws of the United States.
Skc. 11. And be it further enacted. That nny railroad
company chartered under any law of the United
States, or of any State which may have been hereto-
fore or shall hereafter be organized and subsidized
by any act of the Congress of United States, may con-
nect, unite, and consolidate with this railroad com-
pany after the same shall bo located to the valley of
the Neosho or Grand river, upon just, fair, and equi-
table terms, to be agiced upon between the parties as
shall not be against the public interest, or the inter-
est of the United States.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to amend the
amendment of the committee in section eight,
line five, by inserting after the word '"'l ora-
tory'1 the words "with the consent of the In-
dians, and not otherwise;" so as to make it
conform to the bill that was passed the other
day.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. I thought as I listened _to
the reading of the bill that there was a restric-
tion in it of the homestead settlements lying
within this grant to eighty acres. I should like
to inquire of those who have charge of the bill
whether that is correct.
Mr. POMEROY. That applies to the home-
stead settlers on the even sections.^ That pro-
vision is inserted in all these bills. When
homestead settlers go, after the passage of a
railroad grant, upon the even sections which
are held at S2 50 per acre, they get only eighty
tlCl'CS.
Mr. CONNESS. Is it confined to the even
sections ?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWARD. I desire to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Public Lands
at what point this contemplated railroad is to
commence, where it is to terminate, and what
is its probable length. I have not been able
to ascertain very accurately what the facts are
in regard to these matters. Where it goes I
really do not know.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will explain to the
Senator that three years ago, March 3, 1863,
there was a grant of land made to a railroad from
Fort Leavenworth by Lawrence to the southern
boundary line- of Kansas, in the direction of
Qalveston bay. in connection with thatgrant
there was a grant from Fort Iiiley, running in
a southeastern direction to intersect that road
near the southern boundary of Kansas. Now,
this bill repeats that grant simply, and brings
it into one law, and also-extends it from the
road running from Lawrence in a southern
direction toward Galveston bay. This bill ex-
tends the Fort Riley road across that road to
Fort Smith, in Arkansas, so as to^ make a con-
tinuous railway from the Mississippi river, by
Little Rock, to Fort Riley, thence in a south-
western direction to Fort Smith, connecting
with the Pacific road.
Mr. HOWARD. So that really this road
will terminate on the Mississippi?
Mr. HENDRICKS. It will eventually have
that connection, when all the roads are finished
to which the grants of land have been already
made.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish merely to say that
I thought this bill might contemplate the con-
struction of a railroad from Fort Riley down
southwardly to Galveston bay, a distance ot
about six or seven hundred miles, I believe.
Mr. POMEROY. This runs to the south-
east. It is no now grant.
Mr. HOWARD. I believe not.
Mr. POMEROY. Every acre lias been
granted in a previous bill, and this bill only
consolidates the two grants.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will state to the Sen-
ator from Michigan that 1 thought two weeks
ago we ought to confine the grant to Galveston
bay, or,"rather, to the northern boundary of
Texas, to the x*oad to which we made the grant
three years ago, but the Senate did not concur
in that view, and this is a part of the policy
agreed upon two weeks ago by the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. There is one question I
should like the Senator from Indiana to an-
swer.
Mr. HENDRICKS. L am not going to an-
swer many questions.
Mr. GRIMES. I should lilto to know whether
the Senator has investigated the subject suffi-
ciently so as to satisfy himself that if we pass
this bill it will not mar the beauty and symme-
try of that zebra-marked map which he exhib-
ited to the Senate the other day, showing these
additional railroad lines.
Mr. HENDRICKS. No, sir.
Mr. GRIMES. If so, I am satisfied with the
bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will state to the Sena-
tor that from a point about seventy miles south
of the southern boundary of Kansas it will start
anew system of marks, in a southeastern direc-
tion to FortSmilh; and with that addition itwill
leave 1 he maps as they are already marked.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the committee, as
amended.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as ainend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. The
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing, was read the third time, and passed. The
title of the bill was amended so as^to read, A
bill granting lands to the State of Kansas to aid
in the construction of a southern branch of the
Union Paciiic railway and telegraph, fro in Fort
Riley, Kansas, to Fort Smith, Arkansas."
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WADE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
404) to regulate the selection of grand and petit
jurors in the Territory of Utah, and for other
purposes; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Territories, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. SPRAGUE asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 117) for the relief of
Charles M. Blake; which was read twice by
its title and referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia.
PILOT KNOB ASD IHSLENA RAILUOAD.
Mr. BROWN. I ask the Senate to take up
a Senate bill that comes from the House of
Representatives with some amendments, for
the purpose of agreeing in the amendments of
the House. They are simply conforming the
bill more accurately to the land-law system as
wc have agreed upon it. It is a bill to grant
lands to the Iron Mountain Railroad Company.
I move to take it np.
The motion was agreed to; aud'the Senate
proceeded to consider the amendments of the
House of Representatives^ to the bill (H. R.
No. 37) making a grant of lands in alternate
sections to aid in the construction and exten-
sion of the Iron Mountain railroad from Pilot
Knob, in the Slate of Missouri, to Helena, in
Arkansas.
The amendments of the House of Represent-
atives were as follows:
In section one, line five, strike out "a corpo-
ration of the State of Missouriin the same
section, line seventeen, after " sections," where
it occurs (ho second time, insert "to be selected
as aforesaid in the same section, line twenty-
three, after the word "established," insert ''and
not more than twenty miles from the line of said
road.'1
In section two, line seventeen, after the word
"sections," inseit "designated as aforesaid."
In section three, line three, after the word
"road," insert "and the even sections and
parts of sections corresponding to the odd ones
selected within twenty miles of the same."
In section four, line six, after "United States,1,
insert "and at the cost in all respccts of said
railroad companies;" and in the same, section
and line strike out the words "road or."
The amendments were concurred in.
DIPLOMATIC! CORHESPONDBNCH.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print
additional copies for the use of the State De-
partment of the message of the President rela-
tive to the departure of troops from A us Via
for Mexico, have instructed me to report it
back without amendment, and recommend its
passage. I ask lor its present consideration.
By unanimous consent, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution. It is as follows:
llc.mlvetl, That ten thousand copies of the messwro
from the President, with accompanying documents,
aiiMvciinp a resolution of the Senate or the in-
stant. in regard to the departure of troops from Aus-
tria for Mexico be printed for the use of the btate
Department.
Mr. TKUMBUIjL. I should like to know
why ten thousand copies of such a report as
that are needed.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will explain. A gen-
eral law fixes the number of documents irom
the different Departments that shall he printed,
and the purposes to which they shall be ap-
plied—so many for the u^e of the Senate, so
many for the use of the House of Representa-
tives, so many for the use of the Departments.
The number of documents of the State Depart-
ment printed for the use of the Department is
fixed bv law in the discretion ot the President
of the United States, and for several years the
number has been fixed at ten thousand. I hat
number has been ordered to be printed of the
Diplomatic Correspondenceofthecurrent year.
This is a small paper that was sent in in reply
to a resolution calling for information with re-
gard to the stoppage of the sending of troops
from Austria to Mexico. The cost of printing
it is $>500, and I presume the object^ of the
State Department, at whose request this reso-
lution has been introduced, is to add this to
the last volume of the Diplomatic Correspoud-
j encc, and have the same number printed as is
printed of the other. I have here a letter from
the Secretary of State asking for the publica-
tion.
