1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
254S
his country? But one answer can be given.
There was in the Constitution of the United
States an express grant of power to the Fed-
eral Congress to lay and collect duties and im-
posts and to pass all laws necessary to carry
that grant of power into execution. But, sir,
that body of great and patriotic men looked in
vain for any grant of power in the Constitu-
tion by which to give protection to the citizens
of the United States resident in South Carolina
against the infamous provision of the ordinance
which required them to abjure the allegiance
which they owed their country. It was an
opprobrium to the Republic that for fidelity to
the United States they could not by national
law be protected against the degrading punish-
ment inflicted 011 slaves and felons by State
law. That great want of the citizen and stran-
ger, protection by national law from uncon-
stitutional State enactments, is supplied by the
first section of this amendment. That is the
extent that it hath, no more ; and let gentle-
men answer to God and their country who
oppose its incorporation into the organic law
of the land.
The second section of the amendment sim-
ply provides for the equalization of represen-
tation among all the States of theUnion, North,
South, East, and West. It makes no discrim-
ination. New York has a colored population
of fifty thousand. By this section, if that great
State discriminates against her colored popu-
lation as to the elective franchise, (except in
cases of crime,) she loses to that extent her
representative power in Congress. So also will
it be with every other State.
Upon the third section of the amendment
gentlemen are divided upon this side of the
House as well as upon the other. It is a pro-
vision that until the year 1870 all persons who
voluntarily adhered to the late insurrection,
giving it aid and comfort, shall be excluded
from the right to vote for Representatives in
Congress or for electors for President or Vice
President of the United States. This section
imposes no other or further disability.
It seems to me, Mr. Speaker, that this section
can bring 110 strength to the amendment,
although I fully agree with the honorable gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] in the
words which he so fitly uttered, it is within the
authority of the people of the United States to
disfranchise these parties. But, sir, I submit
to the honorable gentleman, and I submit to the
House, that if we have the power by a mere act
of Congress, (as is conceded by the committee,)
to take from rebels the franchise of office under
the Government of the United States for life,
as is provided in the bill reported by the com-
mittee, we can as well take from them until
1870, by an act of Congress, the right to vote
for Representatives in Congress or for presi-
dential electors, as is provided in the third
section of this amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. And have it vetoed.
ilr. BINGHAM. My friend from Pennsyl-
vania says, "and have it vetoed,'' I am not
fearful of any veto at the other end of the ave-
nue. I believe no veto can defeat the final
passage of either of the measures reported to
the House, nor can a veto defeat the final ti-i-
umph of this constitutional amendment before
the people. The success of the amendment
here depends upon no veto. It does not go to
the President for his sanction. Touching, how-
ever, the other question, the veto of the bill,
'even with the provision of the third section
added to it, I do not believe for a moment,
that the President will veto it, and for the rea-
sons suggested, which I have not time to enu-
merate now, by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts in the citations he made from the Presi-
dent's proclamation of the 29 th of May last and
the just deductions he drew therefrom. I can
vote for the amendment with the third section
in as readily as without it. It raises no question
of power; it imposes no unjust disability. It
involves a question of policy, not of power.
The sovereignty of the nation can unquestion-
ably disfranchise the persons referred to, not
only until 1870, but until seventy times seventy
shall have passed over them, if it pleases God
to allow them so long to live upon the earth.
The question upon the third section, and the
only question, is, what do we gain by put-
ting it in the constitutional amendment? If
thereby we endangerthe adoption of the amend-
ment iij the Senate, or its final ratification by
the requisite number of States, we should
omit it. It has been said that the third sec-
tion is incapable of execution if adopted. I
beg leave to say to the House that in my opin-
ion an amendment that is not to be executed
to the full, and which is incapable of full exe-
cution, ought not to be put into the Constitu-
tion. My honorable colleague from the Co-
lumbus district, [Mr. Shellabarger,] in my
judgment, suggested, in the few remarks which
he made yesterday, the only method by which
the Government of the United States can
enforce the first clause of that section, and
that is by making a registry law for con-
gressional districts, and the election of Rep-
resentatives to Congress all over the country,
and appointing election officers to conduct the
same. The first clause only of the third sec-
tion can in that way be executed ; but is there
anybody here who proposes to send Federal
election officers into Massachusetts or New
York to control the elections of Representa-
tives to Congress ? The amendment, sir, is
of universal application, and if adopted, it is
to be enforced in every State in the Union.
There are voters within the operation of this sec-
tion in every State. I have no objection to their
disfranchisement, but are you going to enforce
the provision if adopted? If not, why retain
it ? Is it to be retained simply to furnish
demagogues a pretext for raising the howl that
we exclude rebels for four years only that we
may control the next presidential election?
Honest, intelligent, ana reflecting men will
scout such a suggestion, but the calculating
and the careless or thoughtless may accept
and act upon it to the hurt, the lasting hurt,
of the sacred cause this day in your hands.
How, I ask, can the last clause of this third
section be enforced?
That clause of the section excludes until 1870
all rebels from voting for electors for President
and Vice President of the United States.
I venture to say that by the very letter and
intendment of the Constitution of our country,
the great seal of a State, duly organized and
exercising its functions within this Union touch-
ing the appointment of electors for President
and Vice President of the United States, is
final and conclusive upon Congress, except
when the certificate shows that the. electors
were appointed on a day other than that pre-
scribed by the Constitution or the laws. The
Constitution has provided that these electors
shall be appointed by each State in such man-
ner as the Legislature thereof may direct; that
the Congress may determine the time of choos-
ing the electors and the day on which they shall
give their votes, which day shall be the same
throughout the United States, and that the
electors shall certify their action.
If the State and the electors' certificates
show that all these provisions, have been com-
plied with, Congress cannot go behind them
and inquire who voted for the electors. If,
on the contrary, the certificate from any State
discloses that the electors did not meet on
the day prescribed by law, as was the fact in
the Wisconsin case, to which the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Bakes] referred, of
course the Congress could reject the vote from
that State, but where the certificates are reg-
ular, where they show a due appointment of
electors, that the electors were chosen on the
day prescribed by law, and met and voted for
President and Vice President on the day pre-
scribed by law, Congress cannot go behind the
certificates; neither can the two Houses of
Congress, in joint convention or separately,
investigate the question. The appointment
of electors for President and Vice President of
the United States is the act of a State and not
of individuals. " Each State shall appoint,"
says the Constitution; therefore the act can
be evidenced only by the certificate of the State
officials, under its grclt seal, which imports
absolute verity. , How could Congress say
the appointment was not the act of the State
against the certificate and seal of the State ?
The remarks of some gentlemen to the effect
that under the Constitution we could enforce
the first clause of the section by inquiring into
the election of members of the House or of the
Senate, do not apply to the last clause, because
the express language of the Constitution is that
'' each House shall be the judge of the elec-
tions and returns'' as well as the " qualifica-
tions of its own members." There is no like
grant in the Constitution that each House or
both Houses in joint convention may inquire
into the appointment of electors; therefore the
second clause of the third section of the amend-
ment is useless.
I ventured say that clause is useless unless,
indeed, by implication Congress is to declare
the express text of the Constitution as I have
cited it repealed by the proposed amendment
when adopted, and. that by virtue of it Con-
gress will prescribe by law the mode and man-
ner of appointing electors for President and
Vice President of the United States, in the
face of the existing provision of the Constitu-
tion that "each State shall appoint the elect-
ors in such manner as the Legislature thereof
may direct." Who will say, if this amendment
is adopted, that the State Legislatures may not
direct the manner and each State appoint elect-
ors? To what, then, are we reduced? This
amendment does not disqualify any rebel or
aider of the rebellion from votingat all the State
elections for all State officers, nor does it dis-
qualify them from being appointed presidential
electors. It amounts, therefore, to this: though
it be adopted, and madepartofthe Constitution,
yet all persons ''who voluntarily adhered to
the late insurrection, giving it aid and com-
fort," may vote at all the State elections for
State officers, and, being largely in the majority
in every insurrectionary State, may elect the
State Legislature, which may appoint electors
for President and Vice President of the United
States, and from aught in the amendment may
appoint rebels as such electors.
It seems to me, sir, that it must by this
time be apparent to members of the House
that this clause of the amendment is never to
be executed until that part, of the text of your
Constitution is stricken out; or in other words,
that it will require another amendment to the
Constitution to enforce this clause if adopted.
I trust, therefore, that when the vote comes
to be taken on the pending motion to strike
out which is offered by way of instruction to
the motion to recommit, it will be adopted,
and that afterward the House will, if it deems
it important, put such a provision as to the
election of Representatives to Congress as it
has the lawful right to do in the bill of dis-
franchisement.
Mr. Speaker, there is another section which
simply prohibits the United States or any State
of this Union from ever assuming or paying
any pari of the rebel debt or making com-
pensation for emancipated slaves. I do not
believe that there is a man on this floor who
can answer to his constituency for withholding
his vote from that proposition. It involves the
future fidelity of the nation. It is a declara-
tion in solemn form, if accepted by the people,
that the resources of this great country shall
be used in the future, not to liquidate debts
contracted in aid of rebellion, not, to pay for
emancipated slaves, but to maintain inviolate
the plighted faith of the nation to all the world
and especially to its dead and its living
defenders.
Mr. Speaker, I trust tliat this amendment,
with or without the third section. will pass this
House. I trust that the disfranchisement bill,
with or without additions, will pass this House.
I trust that the enabling act for the restoration
of the States that have been in Tebellion will,
with amendment, pass this House; so that the
day may soon come when Tennessee—loyal Ten-
nessee, loyal in the very heart of the rebellion,
