104
APPENDIX TO THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 19,
Senate.
Apportionment of Representation—Mr. Yates.
39tii Cojfa.... 1st Sess.
clause inserted in the Constitution, repeals every
former clause in conflict with it. It is the sub-
sequent organic act of tlic,people, and by the
adoption of this amendment every freedm.in
becomes one of the people, a citizen of the
United States, and no Legislature has any
power to disfranchise him. It has the right to
regulate the qualifications of whom? Of elect-
ors ; of those men who have a right to vote; of
those men who do vote. It can restrict them by
certain limitations and qualifications. But does
the word '' regulate'' imply a power to destroy,
or does it mean to preserve? The word "reg-
ulate ' means to make rules. Jts derivation is i
from the Latin word regula, a rule. It is to pre- :
scribe qualifications for the citizens, for those {
who are entitled to vote, but there is no power
whatever to destroy the rights of a citizen or I
to disfranchise a citizen; and though the freed- j
man might have been disfranchised before the !
amendment, because not then a citizen, he is j
now a citizen by the operation of the amend- j
ment, and there is no power in the State to j
disfranchise him. ;
Mr. Clay, when he contended that Congress, |i
ider the power iu the Consfcituh'on "t<>' r<-rrn- l!
---- v> j ••■".w* i.v vun^nucu i/uau
under the power in the Constitution "to regu-
late commerce'' among the several States,': had
the right and the power to build up commerce,
to establish lines_ of steamers between this
country and foreign countries, and to build
railroads between the several States," never
claimed that under that power'' to regulate com-
merce'' Congress had a right to destroy com-
merce. And there was one universal opinion
among the Democratic party that the word
'' regulate'' simply meant, r.o pi-escribe the rules
and regulations by which commerce already in
existence should be carried on. This clause
means that the States shall determine, not who
shall vote, but when, how, and where the elect-
ors shall vote, and that it may determine the
time and place and manner in which they shall
vote, and impose restrictions, not disfranchise-
ment.
I can make this question plain to any one.
I ask the Senator from Oregon whether the
Legislature of the State of Oregon can ever
disfranchise him—can ever deprive him of his
God-given right of suffrage? I ask the Sena-
tor fj-orn Minnesota whether there is any power
m that State to deprive me of the right of fran-
chise if I remove there? Is there any power
to deprive any of my descendants of that right ?
Is there any power to deprive any of the people
ol the United States of that right ? If the power
exists, and it can exclude me, may it not ex-
clude one half or three fourths of the people,
and leave the governing power in the hands of
an oligarchy?
I ask you whether the State of South Caro-
lina can have a provision that no Yankee shall
vo.e in that State? it they could, they would
adopt it, with a will and a vengeance. Can any
State in this Union decide that no German shall
exercise the right of suffrage? I very much
doubt the constitutionality of the law of Mas-
sachusetts, which says that the German shall
not vote until he can read the English language
because that may amount to a virtual disfran-
chisement of some. I can say that, it would
be a very inexpedient law anyhow, for some
of the best voting that is done in this country
is pure unadulterated Gorman. Suppose that
L'ngham Young should organize a sort of m-
peru/m m imperio m Utah, and after that State
wa« admitted into the Union the Legislature
should decide that none but disciples of the
Mormon faith should vote, or, as all tests of
religion are excluded by the Constitution, sup-
pose that State were to decide that no man who
had not two wives should be allowed the ri^ht
of suffrage, would it not be the duty of Con-
gress to interfere and protect the right of the
citizens who may go into that State?
I n ill ask another question. Suppose, as has
often been the case, a white man is declared a
slave and he becomes free, is there any power in
the State of Maine or any other State in this Union
to disfranchise him, to take away from him en-
tirely the right of suffrage ? You will answer, no.
"Well, sir, does the tinge of complexion alter
the inalienable, the intrinsic, the inherent, the
God-given rights of the American citizen? I
admit that the Srates may prescribe qualifica-
tions, not, to destroy but to preserve the elective
franchise of the freeman. There may be regis-
try laws to protect the purity of the ballot and
to prevent frauds; the minor under twenty-
one years of age may be excluded. In the very
nature of things there must be a period of ma-
jority atBxed to infancy; but do you deprive that
minor of the right to vote altogether? No, sir.
''JJormititr aliquando jus, moritur nurupiam"
—"the right may deep, but it dies never."
But there is another point in this article one,
section two, to which I desire to call attention.
Observe that the clause reads:
"The House of Representatives,'' &c., "snail be
chosen every second year by the people ot the several
States."
Now, who are thepeople of the several States ?
Are they not the whole people? If there are
any people in the several States not included in
this clause, who are they? But Judge Taney
says that people and citizens are synonymous.
And it has been universally understood that the
people of the States means all male citizens
thereof over twenty-one years of age. There
is no limitation in the words of the Constitution,
and there can have been none, if by the people
that formed the Constitution was meant the
whole people of all the States, granting the
exception as to the subject race, as above, ac-
cording to the Dred Scott decision. But that
exception no longer existing, then the words
"people of the several States" must and do
mean the whole people thereof, minors and
women excepted.
Mr. President, I had intended, in the course
of these remarks, to present my views against
that class of legislation which is designed to
secure what is called intelligent suffrage. I
shall not now argue the point, but will merely
say that I am unalterably opposed to any legis-
lation whatever which shall determine the rights
of the citizen by any test of wealth, intelligence,
birth, or rank. I wish to say to my Repub-
lican Union friends that whenever tliey admit
that 2>rinciple, the test of intelligence, they
admit away their argument. If we prescribe
intelligence for the negro and not for the white
man, it is unequal, it is class legislation. That
is not the shibboleth of equality of rights for
all, which you have been crying. Well, if we
apply it to all who cannot read or write, we
exclude a largo portion of our fellow-citizens
who have always since the foundation of the
Government, for eighty-five years past, exer-
cised the right of suffrage, and exercised it
well. Why now exclude them ? Why, to reach
the case of the poor freeman, and in order to
inflict a tyrannous and barbarous restriction
upon him, exclude those who for eighty-five
years have exercised the right of suffrage, and
exercised it well ? Sir, such a proposition as that
cannot obtain five votes in any western Legis-
lature._ The party which commits itself to an
exclusion of those men, who for eighty-five
jjears have exercised this inestimable right of
freemen, is already doomed, and ought to be
doomed forever
I am not opposed to intelligence. I believe
that intelligence and virture are the rock-bound
foundations ot our national prosperity and our
national perpetuity- But if the success of our
institutions depends more upon the one than
the other and I think they are inseparable for
this purpose—it depends more on virtue. The
poor loyal slave of the South was more religious
and more loyal than his slave-master, and almost
as intelligent, perhaps, as the mass of the whites
themselves'. While I believe it might possibly
be safe for the country to permit all to vote, I do
not think it would be safe for the country to
exclude either class altogether, or any large
Kass of the people.
I believe in the foundation theories of our
Government, that there is more intelligence
and more virtue in all the people than in any
part of the people. Tl"\t is the doctrlm, for
which 1 contend. I contend that the strong
common sense of the populace of America is a
safe element in this Government.
The ballot is the greatest educator. - Let a
man have an interest in the Government, a
voice as to the men and measures by which his
taxes, his property, his life, and his reputation
shall be determined, and there will be a stimu-
lus to education for that man.
As the elective franchise has been extended
iu this country we have seen education become
more universal. Look throughout all our north-
ern States at oui schools and colleges, our acad-
emies of learning, our associations ; the pulpit,
the press, and the numerous agencies for the
promotion of intelligence, all the inevitable off-
spring of our free institutions. Here is the high
training which inspires the eloquence of the
senate, the wisdom of the cabinet, the address
of the diplomatist, and which has developed
and brought to light that intelligent and ener-
getic mind which has elevated the character and
contributed to the prosperity of the country. It
is the ballot which is the stimulus to improve-
ment, which fires the heart of youthful ambition,
which stimulates honorable aspiration, which
penetrates the thick shades of the forest, and
takes the poor rail-splitter by the hand and
points him to the shining height of human
achievement, or which goes into the log hut of
the tailor boy and opens to him the avenue to
the presidential mansion.
I here will be risk, it is said, in so much ig-
norance in the body of electors. Has there not
always been risk? \\ ill there not always be
risk in every democratic Government? 'Has
not Europe poured annually her millions into
our borders, some of whom cannot read or write,
and some of whom cannot speak our language?
Have any of these Senators who propose to
prescribe a qualification of intelligence ever
thought, of amending the naturalization laws,
so as to require from foreigners that they should
read and write?
_ Sir, the masses may err, but, it is not to their
interest to err. If they do err, they are always
ready to correct the mistakes which passion and
prejudice have brought upon them. But how is
it with an aristocracy ? Look at this mournful
illustration; look at the rebellion of the edu-
cated slave oligarchy of the South ; look at the
devastations of the bloody war which resulted .
from that rebellion. History, upon many a dark
and bloody page, gives sad and mournful evi-
dence that the limitation of the powers of Gov-
ernment to the educated oligarchy or to an
individual has resulted in wicked machinations
against the welfare of the people, in the deeav
of empire, in bloody wars, leaving fearful
devastations in the track of time.
Why, sir, I will say that there has been in
all time no usurpation, no conspiracy against
the rights of the freemen, except upon the spe-
cious plea of superior intelligence in the usurper
or conspirators. We shall have to risk some-
thing. So we shall, sir, and we must trust that
one ignorant force will counterpoise another
m tue future as it has in the paj-t.
But, sir, if we prescribe intelligence as a
guide, what grade of intelligence shall we have?
U hen we propose to say that a man who can
barely read and write shall vote, suppose I move
te amend your proposition, adding that the man
who understands English grammar and the
ground rules of arithmetic alone shall vole;
suppose I move to amend by saying that he
shall have a liberal common-school education;
suppose I move to amend by saying that he
shall have graduated with academic honors,
bir, that, is the argument ad almmlnm. The
?i!i Sii 6iru • ^ extend the franchise to all,
that all the virtue, all the intelligence, all the
practical common sense, all the wisdom, and
all the learning of all the people shall be em-
