3504
$HE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
June 30,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it is .time that
law was changed. There certainly can be no
necessity for publishing ten thousand copies
for the use of the State Department of all this
voluminous correspondence. I am opposed
utterly to such an expenditure of the public
money as that. Congress publishes for dis-
tribution among the people a less number, I
think, than that. How many?
Mr. ANTHONY. I think the whole num-
ber printed by both Houses is seven thousand.
Mr. TRUMBULL. BothHouses of Congress
for distribution to the whole American people
publish but seven thousand copies, and here
there is published for the use of the State De-
partment alone, to be distributed in foreign
nations, twr thousand copies. I am utterly
surprised to learn that it has been the practice
to print so many copies, and I trust we shall
begin now and stop this publication. Although
this is a small matter, costing but $500, it is a
proper place to begin. I move to amend the
resolution by striking out "ten thousand" and
inserting " one thousand and I wish to say
further .that unless some one else moves in it, I
will introduce a resolution directing the Com-
mittee on Printing to inquire into the propriety
of limiting the number of these doeumentsthat
are published by the State Department. There
should be some limitation.
Mr. BROWN. I desire to say for myself,_ as
a member of the Committee on Printing which
reports this resolution, that I dissented from
the report and could see no propriety in pub-
lishing any such number as is specified, not-
withstanding I am assured that it is customary.
I desire that the amendment tff the Senator
from Illinois reducing the number to one thou-
sand copies be concurred in by the Senate, and
that we will make this a precedent which shall
govern our action in similar cases hereafter.
Mr. ANTHONY. _ I differ from my friend
from Illinois in thinking that this is the proper
time to begin. If it is the sense of the Senate
that the law should be repealed which places
in the discretion of the President the number
of copies to be printed for the use of the State
Department, that will be for the Senate to de-
cide ; but I think, since we have ordered to be
printed ten thousand copies of the four large
volumes of Diplomatic Correspondence, it
would be rather bad economy to destroy the
completeness of the work by omitting a dozen
or fifteen pages that will only cost us $-500.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Rhode Island jinform me what is done with the
ten thousand copies?
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not know; a great
many of them are distributed in this country,
and some abroad. Of course I do not know
what is done with them; they are at the dis-
posal of the State Department.
Mr. SUMNER. When the Senator from
Illinois said that it was the "practice" to pub-
lish ten thousand copies for the use of the State
Department, perhapshe used too strong a word,
unless he meant to limit the application of the
word to what has occurred since the war. I
believe the first case was on the motion of a
gentleman in the other House, when the House
of Representatives ordered ten thousand copies
of Diplomatic Papers to be published for the
use of' the State Department. I do not know
whether that was four or three years ago ; but
as I understood it at the time, the object was
to enable the Secretary of State to send these
Diplomatic Papers to Europe. I believe the
habit has been to send a very large number, I
do not know how many hundred, to each one
of our diplomatic and consular representatives,
through whom they have been distributed- in
the localities whore they have been. It was
supposed by the Department of State that the
circulation of these papers -would serve a patri-
otic purpose. On that I give no opinion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Massachusetts allow me to inquire whether he
thinks there is now any occasion to continue
that?
Mr. SUMNER. I am not .aware that there
is any occasion. Indeed, I should say in all
frankness that I was not sure that there was
any occasion for it in the beginning; but it was
done first by an order of the other House, not
through the Senate, not by a concurrent reso-
lution 
Mr. CONNESS. Nor under alaw.
Mr. SUMNER. But by a vote of the other
House. That is my recollection j but I maybe
mistaken. I think a vote of the other House
placed ten thousand copies of the Diplomatic
Papers at the disposition of the Secretary of
State, and I understand that that number has
been printed ever since, and they have been
boxed in large boxes and sent to our different
agents in Europe, sometimes perhaps four or
five hundred copies to one.
Mr. GRIMES. And sold for old paper.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not know whetherthey
have been sold for old paper or not; but they
have been distributed in that way, and it was
supposed that in doing it a patx-iotic purpose
was subserved. But as the Senator from Illi-
nois asked me the question whether this should
be continued now, I will say that I regarded
it at the time as a war measure [laughter] of
very doubtful propriety-; but now, "in these
piping times of peace," I know not that a war
measure of such a doubtful character as that
is necessary.
Mr. ANTHONY. The way this number
came to be fixed is this: when the law was
passed some three or four years ago very much
diminishing the number of the executive docu-
ments that were printed, some discussion arose
in the Senate as to the number that should be
printed for the State Department; a very great
variety of opinion was expressed; and it was
finally compromised on the motion of some
Senator, I do not know who—it was not on the
report of the committee—by providing that the
number of documents from the State Depart-
ment accompanying the President's message,
to be printed for the use of that Department,
should be fixed by the President of the United
States. During the war, for the reasons stated
by the chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Relations, the number was fixed at ten thou-
sand. My judgment is that it has effected a
good purpose, that it has had an influence upon
public opinion in Europe, and that these doc-
uments have had an influence upon emigra-
tion from Europe to this country. I do not
suppose that now, after the war is over and
this correspondence has lost much of its inter-
est, the President would be likely to fix so
large a number again; but I think that when
we have already this year printed ten thousand
copies of all the documents of this character
except this little one, it would be much better
policy for us to complete the work at an
expense of $500.
Mr. SUMNER. I should agree with the
Senator from Rhode Island on that point. I
think we ought to complete the series, and then
it will be time to consider whether we shall
adopt a different policy.
Mr. ANTHONY. Senators are aware that
if we are to diminish the number we must re-
peal the law which gives a discretion to the
Executive to fix the number. It is not the
Senate that fixes the number of these docu-
ments that shall be printed for the Depart-
ment ; but the House of Representatives has
always given the State Department as many
of the documents as it wanted. I have always
thought that since the Government had a print-
ing office of its own, there was a singular im-
propriety in the heads of Departments being
required to send to one House of Congress or the
other for documents to be printed and to be paid
for out of the contingent fund of the House.
I think the printing of these documents should
be paid for out of the contingent fund of the
Departments, and the expense should be esti-
mated for like any other item of contingent
expenses. The Committee on Printing, and
the Senate themselves, are not to be presumed
to be the best judges of what documents the
Departments want.
Mr. GRIMES. I wish to inquire whether
that is not the case now; whether some docu-
ments are not ordered to be printed by the '
Departments and paid for out of their con-
tingent funds.
Mr. ANTHONY. There is a good deal of
printing done for the Departments, under what
law I do not know. *"
Mr. GRIMES. I understand that some of
the printing for the Secretary of State is done
at the Treasury Department. I suppose, as a
matter of course, as that is not done by order
of Congress, it must be paid for out of the con-
tingent fund of the State Department.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am not aware what
that printing is.
Mr. GRIMES. I am not aware that it is
done, but I understand it to be done. I under-
stand that some of the lucubrations of the Sec-
retary of State are printed there, I suppose at
the public expense, but I presume it is paid
for out of the contingent fund of the State
Department.
Mr. ANTHONY'. I think this distribution
of documents during the war has been bene-
ficial. I think that the Diplomatic Corre-
spondence now to be distributed, which will be
made complete by this, Will be of benefit to the
country ; and I think we ought to complete the
work, now that it has begun. For the future
I am ready to submit to what the Se*nate may
judge proper.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
if this will not go out by itself and have to be
boxed up and sent abroad. Some, if not all,
of the volumes of Diplomatic Correspondence
for this year have been printed and laid on our
tables.
Mr. ANTHONY. Not all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will not this go oufcBy
itself?
Mr. ANTHONY. No, sir. I understand
that the last volume has not been completed;
at least I have not seen it; and I presume that
the object of the Department is to bind this up
with the last volume. I do not know that fact,
however. I only have a letter from the Secre-
tary of State saying that it is deemed desirable
by the Department to print the same number of
this document that was printed of the others;
and when the Secretary of State or any other
head of a Department asks for an expenditure
of $500 for such a matter as this? I am not in
the habit of going behind his recommendation.
I think he should be trusted at least for so
much.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I- hope we shall strike
down the number to one thousand. I think it
is time to begin, and this is a very good place
to begin.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope we shall not com-
mence a reduction on this document. I hope
we shall complete this one, and then if the Sen-
ate choose to vote that the next publication
shall be one thousand copies, we will all agree
to that if that is the proper number.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I am willing to vote to
pay for these books; but I hope we shall stop
the printing of this inordinate number of doc-
uments for the State Department by repealing
the existing provision of law on that subject.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Illinois, to strike out "ten" and insert "one."
Mr. GRIMES called for the yeas and nays
and they were ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish to remind the Sen-
ate again that this expenditure of $500 is in
order to complete the Diplomatic Correspond-
ence which has already been ordered, and to
print the same number as was printed of the
preceding correspondence. The others have
not yet been distributed.
Mr. GRIMES. All the others are distrib-
uted?
Mr. ANTHONY. No; we have not dis-
tributed them. The publication is not yet
complete.
- Mr. KIRKWOOD. I suppose, from what I
learn, that this is to be printed in the edition
of the other correspondence that has thus far
been printed.
Mr. ANTHONY. I presume so.
