1584
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
them nearly all the land between the Atlantic
and Pacific, [laughter,] and subordinated all
the securities of the company; and yet they
come in here after they have got all these things
and ask us to pa.y the expenses of these com-
missioners. 1 think it is one of the most im-
pudent claims I have ever seen introduced into
Congress. Look at some of these items:
For mileage of said commissioner from San Fran-
cisco to Washington, six thousand five hundred and
sixty-nine miles, and back, at ten cents per mile,
$1,313 50.
i protest against voting away the people's
money in this way.
Mr. STEVENS. I demand the previous
question on tlie fourteenth amendment.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the oper-
ation thereof the amendment was non-con-
curred in.
Fifteenth amendment:
Insert the following in relation to the botanic gar-
den:
For the purchase and removal of materials, and for
erecting four green-houses in the botanic garden, to
■be expended under the direction of the Joint Com-
mittee on the Library, $2,500.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Sixteenth amendment:
•Strike out the following:
To enable the Commissioner of the General Land
Office to continue the investigations which he has
instituted in relation to the mineral resources of the
United States and the minerals, their extent and lo-
cality in the public domain, who shall report his do-
ings as by law required in relation to other business
of the Ueueral Land Office, §o,(XH).
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I am in-
clined to non-concur in that amendment. The
Commissioner of the General Land Office has
undertaken investigations in the western Terri-
tories and lias pursued them with great advan-
tage, and I think we might make this appropri-
ation with benefit to the public service, and
enable liim to go on. He has already shown
to a great degree the character, extent, and
value of the mineral resources of the country.
Mr. STEVENS. I am very much alarmed
at the aberration of my friend. 1 hope it is only
temporary. [Laughter.] This is really an ap-
propriation which ought not to have been put
into this bill because it is not a deficiency at all.
And 1 do not know anything of tho investiga-
tions of this man. IIo has got so many things
on hand—the census, tho examination of min-
erals, the scalping of Indians—that I think we
had better not, give him much more to attend to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Isupposed
when the gentleman put this provision in the
bill originally that he was well satisfied that it
was correct and proper. Ami 1 think it is a
very good appropriation, and hope that the
House will vote to retain it.
^ Mr. INGERSOLL. That is my opinion.
There is perhaps nothing tlmt the Government
can do that will so much tend to emigration and
to the settlement of these Territories as giving
the public information in regard to our mineral,
wealth. If these Territories abound in gold and
silver, coal and petroleum, it will become best
known by this means, and the resources will
become developed and made materially bene-
ficial to th.e whole country. 1 hope the amend-
ment to strike this out will not be concurred in.
1 he amendment, was concurred in—ayes forty-
eiglit, noes t:ot counted.
Seventeenth amendment:
Strike out the following:
For publishing the annual report of the National
Academy of Scionccs, made to .Congress under the
act approved March 3, 1803, $6,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend a non-concurrence in the amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
House will concur in this amendment; I do
not see the necessity for such an appropria-
tion.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was not concurred in.
Eighteenth amendment:
Insert the following:
•J,'0 supnly a deficiency in the fund for the relief of
sick and disabled seamen, $170,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend a concurrence in the amendment.
The amendment, was concurred in.
Nineteenth amendment:
In the first clause, under the head of "miscellane-
ous," strike out the word "five," and insert the word
" eight;" so that the clause will read as follows:
For the "fencing in, repair, and completion of the
United States court-house and post office at Indian-
apolis, Indiana, and paving the sidewalks in iront of
the same, the sum of S8.00O, or such part thereof as
may be necessary, to be expended under the Secre-
tary of the Interior.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend that the amendment be non-concurred in.
Mr. KERR. I hope the House will concur
in the amendment of the Senate. This amount
of $8,000 is made, necessary by the condition
of the public buildings at Indianapolis. This
appropriation was recommended by the late
Secretary of the Interior, and has also been
recommended by the present Secretary of the
Interior, by the present judge of the district
court of Indiana, by the marshal of that court,
and the district attorney for that State. I hold
in my hand the recommendations of those gen-
eral officers, and if any gentleman desires it I
will ask that they be read.
Mr. KASSON. I will say to the gentleman
from Indiana. [Mr. Kerr,] in ofder to avoid
the necessity of further argument, so far at
least as the opinion of the committee is con-
cerned, that there is an error in the framing of
this clause, which the Committee on Appro-
priations desire to have corrected. And in
order to reach it they propose a non-concur-
rence in tho amendment. But the committee
do not wish to be understood as committed
against tho propriety of some slight increase
of the amount inserted originally in the bill.
_Mr. KERR. Is it the intention of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations that this matter shall
be adjusted by the committee of conference?
Mr. KASSON. That is the intention of the
committee.
Mr. KERR. With that understanding I will
not press the matter further.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I desire to say a word
upon this matter, in the absence of my col-
league from the sixth district, [Mr. Dumoxt,]
who has this matter more especially in charge,
but the state of whose health detains him from
the House to-day. This appropriation is rec-
ommended by the Secretary of the Interior
and by the Postmaster General. The original
estimate presented to the Committee of Ways
and Means of the last session of Congress, was
for $8,000. The committee reported in favor
of $5,000, and that was put in the bill which
failed. It has now come before the House on
an amendment of the Senate to increase the
appropriation from $5,000 to $8,000. I did
not fully understand the statement of the gen-
tleman from Iowa [Mr. Kasson] in regard to
the recommendation of the Committee on Ap-
•propriations to non-concur in the amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. In the opinion of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations it is not in the right
place; and for the purpose of having it put in
its proper place we recommend a non-concur-
rence in the amendment of the Senate; that
being the only way in which we can get at it.
Mr. FARQUHAR. Then the object of
concurring is that this matter may be adjusted
by the committee of conference?
Mr. STEVENS. That is all.
Mr. FARQ UIIAR. Then I will say nothing
more in regard to this matter, than that there is
an imminent necessity for an increase of this
appropriation from $5,000 to $8,000. My at-
tention was called to this matter when I was in
the city of Indianapolis by several officers of
the General Government, who impressed upon
me the necessity of increasing this appropria-
tion to $8,000, the sum recommended by the
Secretary of the Interior and the Postmaster
General. I hope, therefore, that when this
subject comes before the committee of con-
ference it will be properly adjusted.
The amendment of the Senate was non-con-
curred in.
Twentieth amendment:
Amend the clause in relation to counterfeiting by
striking out $100,000" and inserting" §50,000;" so
that it will read:
For expenses in detecting and bringing to trial and
punishment persons engagedin couriterfeitingTreas-
ury notes, bonds, and other secmitics of the United
States, as well as the coins of the United States
$50,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend that the amendment be concurred in.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-first amendment:
Strike out the following:
For compensation to Charles B. Stuart for services
as engineer, under appointment by the President, in
examining, revising, and reporting upon the survey
and estimates for the several proposed gunboat ca-
nals, $i,500.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend that the amendment be concurred in.
Mr. DAVIS. This Mr. Stuart was appointed
by the President, under a law of Congress, to
make a survey of the Niagara ship-canal route,
in the year 1861, I think. He made that sur-
vey, and his report was laid before Congress
and printed. And I cannot see why the Gov-
ernment should now refuse to compensate him
fgr the services he has performed.
Mr. STEVENS. Our committee inserted
this provision to pay Mr. Stuart, but the Sen-
ate has struck it out. I think it is a fair claim.
Mr. DAVIS. I trust that the House will not
concur in the_ amendment. This is certainly
a perfectly fair and honest claim, as honest as
any that has ever been advocated on this floor
by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. V/ash-
buune,] and he never defends any but honest
claims.^ It was included, as I understand, in
the estimates of the Department. This money
is honestly and legally due, and I am not ready
to repudiate any honest obligation of the Gov-
ernment. I am as much disposed as the gentle-
man from Illinois to take care of the people's
money, but I desire to pay some little regard to
the people's honor.
Mr. STEVENS. I concur in the view of the
gentleman from New York, and I therefore
move that the House non-concur in the amend-
ment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-second amendment:
On page28. strike out in linesix hundred andsixty-
two the word " twenty" and insert "thirty;" so that
the paragraph will read:
For building a custom-house at Portland, Maine, in
additionto the sum heretofore appropriated by Con-
gress, $75,000: Provided, That the Secretary of the
.Treasury may, if he thinks it advisable, exoend a
sum. not exceeding $35,000, in tho purchase of ground
adjoining the site of the old custom-house on Fore
street, now owned bv the United States, tor tho pur-
pose of enlarging the same, or the Secretary may ex-
change the lot, now owned as aforesaid for a moro
eligible one, if the same can be procured; but no
money shall be paid or agreed to be paid by the Uni-
ted States in consideration of such exchange, and no
transfer, assignment, or conveyance of property by
the United Statcsshall be made upon such exchange,
except a conveyance, on its behalf, by -the Secretary
of tho Treasury, of the interest of the United States
in the lot aforesaid and the building thereon.
The Committee on Appropriations re com-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-coacurred in.
Twenty-third amendment:
On page 30, strike out lines six hundred and ninety-
eight to seven hundred and one, as follows:
,TTf,?.ena"ll? t!le Secretary of the Treasury to pay to
William Handy, of tho Treasury Department, for
extra clerical services, such sum as may bo found
due, not exceeding $500.
Tho Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was- non-concurred in.
Twenty-fourth amendment:
On page 30 strike out lines seven hundred and two
and seven hundred and three, as follows:
_ ior compensation to John Hopley, for services in
indexing the national currency act, $100.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurrcd in.
Twenty-fifth amendment:
On page 30, after tho word "dollars'* in line seven
hundred and nine,strikeout the following:
Provided, That no part of the sums appropriated
by the provisions of this act shall be expended in
