1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
"as to the investigation which it received from
them, and could get no satisfactory explanation
as to the merits or design of the bill, except that
it was favorably considered in the other House,
and that in consequence of that it was deemed
proper that it should be passed here. In my
opinion, the Senate and the country are not
aware that this bill has for its object the les-
sening of the revenues upon a variety of articles
fifteen per cent.
The present law requires thatgoods deposited
in warehouse shall be withdrawn within three
months, or if they are kept there longer than
three months and withdrawn within two years,
an additional duty of twenty-five per cent, is
levied upon them. This bill provides that the
importer shall have one year instead of three
months, and if they are not withdrawn within
that time he may keep them there three years in-
stead of two, and pay an additional duty of ten
per cent, instead of twenty-five per cent. Here,
sir, a measure, affecting more particularly than
any other that I know of before the Senate at
this session every industrial interest of our peo-
ple, is passed by this body and by the other
House with little or no consideration, although
it not only affects the material interests of the
whole people, but seriously affects the public
revenue. My object this morning is to have
this bill, situated as it is, reconsidered and re-
ferred to the Finance Committee of the Senate
to be by them considered in connection with
the great questions of revenue that are about
to be presented to them. I do not believe that
the people of this country will look with any
leniency upon transactions which affect them
so materially being disposed of with so little
consideration as this bill has received from this
distinguished body.
Istandhere, sir, with great deference and with
a want of confidence in my own ability to pre-
sent to the attention of the Senate those great
questions which have occupied the time and
attention of generations past, and of men whom
I am not competent in the slightest degree to
follow. But, sir, I feel that this is another
encroachment upon the industry of the people
of this country. While we have constant for-
eign encroachments upon our industry, here is
an attack from our internal foes. Which of
these powers, that without or that within, is
most destructive to our interests remains for
some other time and some other person to de-
termine. I am not able to do it.
This measure has no other purpose undoubt-
edly but to favor foreign commerce in opposi-
tion to domestic commercc, to agriculture, to
manufactures, to the mechanic arts, to every
interest of our country that engages the atten-
tion and occupies the industry of the American
people. It remains for the Senate to determine
which of these interests it is the most proper
for them to consider favorably—on the one side
all the interests in which all our people arc
engaged, or on the other side that one interest
which engages the foreign commerce of the
country; the interest of the few individuals
engaged in the importation of goods from for-
eign countries, or the interests of the great
mass of the American people.
Upon this subject of manufactures I beg the
indulgence of the Senate for a moment while 1
consider and endeavor to prove that the success
of the manufacturing and mechanical interests
of the country tends to an increased price of
the raw material of the people, and to lessen
the price of their mechanical and manufactur-
ing products, in opposition to the free-trade
idea that by free trade you effect similar pur-
poses. It is within my recollection when the
great crop of this country, its great commodity,
was in the hands of foreign capitalists, when to
all intents and purposes free trade occupied the
minds and attention of the American people,
and they assented to it as being the most bene-
ficial policy that they would have Congress
carry into effect.
It is within my recollection that for a long
time the product of cotton netted to its producer
from four and a half to six cents a pound. What
was the cause of that lowprice for that product?
Simply because it was in the hands of the for-
eign capitalist, controlled by him at the time it
was produced ; and the result was, instead of a
profit to the producer, a loss. What was the
consequence? The American manufacturer,
poor, weak at that time, had to come into the
market and sell his product upon four, six,
twelve, or sometimes eighteen or twenty-four
month's credit. The producer of cotton at that
time was unable to purchase for cash, for' the
reason that his crop brought nothing by which
he could purchase the necessary articles to en-
able him to produce it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty of
the Chair to call up the unfinished business of
yesterday.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope that the Senator
from Illinois who has charge of that bill will
allow the order of the day to lie over until my
colleague shall have finished his remarks.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection if
this matter will not take long.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I shall only occupy a few
moments longer.
_ Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I have no objec-
tion to the special orderbeing laidasideinform-
ally.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The unfin-
ished business of yesterday will be laid aside by
common consent.
Mr. SPIiAGUE. By and by the American
manufacturer gathered strength, so that at the
beginning of this war, instead of consuming but
a small portion of the cotton crop of this coun-
try, he consumed a quarter of it. The result
was that cotton, instead of being six cents a
pound, sold for eleven and twelve cents a pound,
and instead of the American manufacturer
selling to the producer of cotton his goods on
twelve, eighteen, or twenty-four months' credit,
he sold for fourorsix months' credit. This was
as plainly the result of the manufacturing of
cotton in this country as it is possible that hu-
man knowledge can determine one thing to be
the result of another.
While I am on the floor I desire simply to
put from the mind ol' the Senate and the country
the idea that there are only manufacturing in-
terests in this country that have become profit-
able within the last six months. Wo are fold
that the enormous dividends growing out of the
carrying on of manufacturing business in this
country are a consequence of high tariffs and of
exclusive and class legislation. The manufac-
turers, whenever the question is touchcd, feel
that the present profits may not continue, and
they are reluctant that any one shall agitate the
question. But, sir, 1 do not care for the cap-
italist engaged in the manufacturing of tins
country. Capital will seek its own investments
and find its own rewards. What I desire to
promote is a permanent industrial interest in
our country. What J desire to promote is prof-
itable occupation for the people who arc now
under the flag ; and by making every industrial
occupation profitable, I desire to bring under
the folds of the flag nations of the world who
are now under a Government and a flag less fa-
vorable to popular interests than our own. I
believe that I shall sooner destroy the influence
of European aggressions upon liberty and upon
property in a popular Government by drawing
from them their people and their skill, and pro-
tecting it here, than by any warlike operations,
however successfully tliey might be prosecuted.
Sir, I stand upon that position, I advocate that
principle—peace with all the woild with honor,
but occupying an aggressive stand-point to draw
from all nations that which is good, skill in all
departments of human industry, make it for
their interest to come here and enjoy the bene-
fits which free institutions give. This is, in my
opinion, the genius of the American people.
One other point. Lord Chatham, while he
lived, was, by those whom we have succeeded,
deemed to be the friend of the American peo-
ple, the friend of the then American colonies.
In open Parliament he constantly warned the
Government of Great Britain that the poliey
which was then being pursued would, if con-
tinued, deprive England of the principal jewel
in her crown, as it did. His warning had
no effect,. But, sir, while he was thus advo-
cating the interests of the American eolonies,
what did he say ? He declared that if America
manufactured as much as a stocking or forged
a hob nail, he would be for patting the whole
power of the British nation upon -her^ While
he advocated peace with America on the one
side, he was for war with her if she attempted
to be independent of the industrial interests orf
Great Britain. And, sir, during the last hours
that he lived, in thatsame Pafliament, after the
nation he loved so well had spent five hundred
millions of gold to destroy*the power of the
colonies and bring them again into dependence
upon Great Britain, he advocated still peace
with the colonies. " Withdraw your armies,"
said he; " make terms with them so that we
may renew our old relations. With them it is
the same as with us. The laws of Great Britain
arc such as to positively prohibit the Americans
from manufacturing a dollar's worth ; we will
do that business for thcin and that policy has
been continued wherever it could be introduced.
Sir, if the policy of free trade is right for this
country why not have it in its full effect? Look
at Canada with hardly a spinning-wheel, with
hardly a spindle, with hardly a blacksmith shop
or a machine shop, with hardly anything to oc-
cupy her people. What do those people do?
Whenever there is prosperity on this side of
the lino, as there almost always is, they find
prosperous and remunerative occupation here.
They come here to enjoy the results of the ben-
efits which our institutions give to our people.
Mr. President, the effect of the bill which I
have now brought to the attention of the Sen-
ate is to raise the price of every article which
we do not produce in this country. It obliges
the consumer to pay a higher price than he
otherwise would. Quantities of any one arti-
cle, for instance, may be imported and kept in
bond. A small portion is put upon the market,
enough to regulate the price. If there are any
domestic manufacturers who have not the Gov-
ernment as an indorser, they must sell; they
cannot hold their goods. The price of the for-
eign article is put a little lower. The price of
the domestic article falls also, until the domes-
tic manufacturer is driven from the market.
'Then there is a scarcity produced, and soon
the foreigner raises his price, unloads, and goes
on again. This system is constantly repeated.
The working of the warehouse system is this:
the Government and the importer join together
in a speculation ; the Government advances for
one year the amount of the duties without in-
terest; the importer, the cost of the goods and
the expense of their transportation to the mar- •
kel; the Government gives one year's credit,
receiving nothing in return. If the speculation
is not profitable enough to close up the busi-
ness of the partnership within one year, then
the Government gives two years more; and if
three years elapse before the business is closed,
the Government has loaned to the importer at,
three per cent, per annum. That is the bill.
What effect, docs this have ? It speculates upon
the necessities of the people, and the_ Govern-
ment affords facilities for that speculation. This
is all that any speculation ever does. Men with
means buy up all of a given commodity and then
compel the people who must or will have it to
pay the price they demand.
The Government does this without any chance
of a profit. Will not the goods be held out of
the market if the cost or a great part of the cost
is carried without interest, or if with interest a
very inconsiderable interest? Such is the effect
of this bill; and if it is so, no one can say
that it ought to pass. It deprives the Govern-
ment of fifteen per cent, upon every pound of
tea, coffee, or West India product, nine times
out of ten, as the goods remain in bond over
the one year. If such is the case it ought not
to pass.
As I said in the beginning, my object in mov-
