1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
violation of the provisions of the act entitled "An
act to prescribe an oath of office, and for other pur-
poses," approved July 2,1862.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-sixth amendment:
Insert after line twenty-two, on page 35, the fol-
lowing:
Forfoldingdoeuments, including materials, $25,000.
For miscellaneous items, $lO,000.
Contingent expenses of the Senate, namely:
For stationery, $15,000
For elerks, pages, horses, carryalls, &c., $27,000
For miscellaneous items, $5,000.
For fuel, and repairs of heating and ventilating
apparatus, to be provided under the charge of the
Sergeant-at-Arms, $10,250.
For furniture purchased, and repairs done by the
Sergeant-at-Arms under the direction of the Com-
mittee to Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses
of the Senate, $23,500.
For additional labor, in the folding-room and
around Senate Chamber, $5,000.
To supply a deficiency m the appropriation for the
Capitol police, under the act of April 22,1851, to bo
paid to the widow of David Vose, late a policeman
m the crypt, being twenty per cent, on his salary
from December 4,1861, to July 8, 1864, $532, to bo ex-
ponded under the direction of the Commissioner of
Public Buildings.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-seventh amendment:
Strike out section eleven, as follows:
And be it further enacted, That the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury Department be, and they
oro hereby, authorized to pay A. D. Collingsworth,
O. II. Veddcr, Edward It. Sherman, Theophilus II.
Gladwin, Charles C. Adams, Samuel W. Tuelrer, J.
G. Adams, A. Bengiral, J. C. Parker, J. A. Odell, V.
Barnes, T. H. Gladman, R. A. Cronin, T. N. Adams,
J. C. Clcary, W. D. Lindsay, A. Jewett, jr., F. Cochin,
B. C. Farless, J. P. Townsend, C. W. Odell, J. C.
Morchead, T. P. Lee, II. W. Salter, James Cross, J.
R. Creed, H. B. Rourkc, B. A. Lipscomb, George
Cottenham, C. A. Perkins, U'. I>. Cudlipp, T. S. Ba-
ker, J. M. Conroy, O. \V. Hoyden, J. O. Armes, J.
Bellows, E. T. Brossins, J. J. Calvert, F. G. Calvert,
G. 1). Curtis, Ay. B. Dyer, I). A. Fish. A. II. Gillespie,
R. D. GuHlien, Charles Gohun, II. Holmes, G. C.
HoHidav. B. E. Messer, E. C. Messer, F. Madden, W.
McKee, \V. H. E. Ovcrawl, S. B. Porter, P. W. Pear-
son, J. L. Bowland, C. V. Rottcrden, E. J. Sehale,
E. J". Sweet, i1. J. Sehea, J. C. Williams, J. G. Wil-
son, L. K. Brown, .T. II. Gunn. II. A. Dobson. J. A.
Mclntire, V. B. jluiison, J. J. Dickens, W. E. Armes,
and B. W. Parsons, employed by the deputy provost
marshal of the District of Columbia in the enrolling
office of said marshal, for night work and special
scrvico performed in pursuance of a contract between
said clerks and said provost marshal, such accounts
being properly certified upon the rolls, or by said
deputy provost marshal, and the amount necessary
th eretor is hereby a ppropriated out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended non-coneurrencc.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-eighth amendment:
On page 28, in lino sixteen, strike out "$323,234,"
and insert " $250,000;" so that the clause will read :
For plates, engraving, printing, and paper for
national currency notes, $250,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-ninth amendment:
On page 28. strike out, after the word "dollars," in
the eighteenth line, the following:
Piovided, That hereafter no portrait or likeness of
any living person shall be engraved or placed upon
any of the bonds, securities, notes, or postal currcncy
of the United States.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence.
Mr. THAYER. I hope, Mr. Speaker, that
the House will non-concur in this amendment
of the Senate. When I proposed in thisHouse
•the proviso which the Senate has stricken out,
I had the honor to submit in support of it some
considerations founded, as I thought, upon
good taste and public propriety.
This proviso proposes to prohibit the engrav-
ing of the portraits of living persons upon the
money issued by the Government of the United
States. I believe it is a fact capable of being
well authenticated that when the first silver
dollar of the United States was struck it had
upon it the image of the greatest of Americans,
George Washington. When that fact came to
be known to President Washington he ordered
that die to be destroyed. W hoever, therefore,
39th Cong. 1st Sfs*.—No. 100.
lias a silver dollar with the head of General
Washington upon it has in his numismatic col-
lection a coiif of rare value. Sir, the modesty
which seems to have distinguished the public
men and the pub! ic officers of that day doM not,
1 regret to sa}*, seem to characterize all of the
public men and public officers of the present
day.
If I take up now what is the representative
in value of the smallest silver coin of the Uni-
ted States, I find upon it not only upon one
side but upon both sides of it, (lost the people
might fail to see it) the effigy, not of General
Washington, but of the Superintendent of the
Public Printing.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I beg the
gentleman's pardon, not the Superintendent
of Public Printing.
Mr. THAYER. I meant the superintendent
of the currency printing.
Several Members!. What is his name ?
Mr. THAYER. It is not necessary for me
to mention names ashc is well known. I hold
in my hand one of those notes on which liis
face is printed on both sides, lest it should not
be seen.
Now, there are many reasons why this prac-
tice should be discontinued. It is in very bad
taste and inconvenient in many respects. The
arithmetic makers will be obliged, I apprehend,
to do away with the old table of Federal cur-
rency, as it is taught in all the common schools
of the country, and to substitute a new one
running somewhat, as follows :
NEW TABLE OP FEDERAL MONEY.
2 Clarks make 1 Washington.
2 Washingtons ;■() 1 Clark make 1 Fessenden.
2 Fessendens make 1 Spinner.
2 Spinners make ...1 Chase.
2 Chases mako 1 Hamilton.
5 Chases make 1 Madison.
[Great laughter.]
The tabic, it is obvious, might be extended
much further than this. The friends of Mr.
Hamilton may well object that by the new table
it takes two Ilamiltons and a half to make one
Madison, and others may discover inequalities
of value equally objectionable.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's five min-
utes have expired.
Mr. TIIAYER. I hope the House will non-
concur in the Senate amendment.
Mr. HILL obtained the floor.
Mr. INGEItSOLL. I hope the time of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania will be extended
so that he may finish his remarks.
Mr. HILL. I will yield to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania part of my time.
Mr. THAYER. I thank the gentleman
from Indiana.
I only wish to say further, sir, that the only,
excuse given in the Senate, as I find the debate
reported in the Globe, is that this vicious prac-
tice is necessary as a preventive of counter-
feiting. 'That is too transparently absurd to
be believed or at least to have any weight in
this House. A picture is a picture, and it is
as easy to counterfeit one of these pictuies of
living personages as it would be to counterfeit
the resemblances of the departed heroes 'and
sages of the United Slates whose images should
adorn the currency of the United States if wo
aic to have these embellishments upon it.
I trust the House will insist on this provision
in the hill, and that when our committee go
into conference with the Senate commit! eo tliey
will hold fast to it, for the sense of the House
upon this point was expressed by a very em-
phatic vote when the matter was under con-
sideration here before.
Mr. HILL. The members of the House are
modest fentlemen, and as such they inserted
this provision. They had no ambition to pur-
chase five-cent notoriety.^ They aspired to no
such cheap reputation. But, Mr. Speaker, as
the members of the Senate sjem not to be so
modest, and to desire the opportunity of having
this display, I rather favor a concurrence in the
amendment of the Senate.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I only wish
to say a few words in reference to this amend-
ment of the Senate. I hope it will prevail. • It
is a very remarkable proposition, after it has
continued during the whole progress of this war
to be the practice to print the faces of our lead-
ing public men on the public currency, when we
have not in circulation any description of paper
representing value that does not bear upon itg
face the picture of the President, or some Sec-
retary of the Treasury, or some distinguished
person, we shall now make a law declaring that
the face of no living man shall be upon any of
our public securities. I think it proper that
our money should be a record of thepersons and
events of the times, and I am not willing that
the proposition of my friend from Pennsylvania
shall prevaH.
It is virtually a vote of censure against the
several Secretaries of the Treasury, and would
require extensive changes in the plates on which
our money is now printed.
In the discussion of the bill when it passed
the House some things were said which I desire
to notice in relation to the person who has been
spoken of so slightingly.
Mr. THAYE it. Allow me to disclaim "any
such intention as the gentleman imputes to me.
I do not believe that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury is responsible for the variety of the human
physiognomy which appears upon all this cur-
rency.
Mr. GARFIELD. I did not say that the
gentleman charged the Secretary with that re-
sponsibility.
Mr. THAYER. No ; but the gentleman con-
strued what I said as casting a reflection upon
the Secretary, and I wish to disclaim that, that
is all.
Mi-. GAREIELD. No, I did not construe
what the gentleman said as a reflection upon
the Secretary, but 1 did say that the very prop-
osition itself, which lie proposes to put into
this bill, will be a reflection upon every Secre-
tary of the Treasury who has occupied that
high position since the war began.
I am unwilling, sir, that my vote shall help to
cast any such censure on any Secretary of the
Treasury merely for the exercise of his taste in
making up the figures and faces on the paper
money. I am well aware that the gentlemen who
have spoken on this subject intend no disrespect
to any Secretary of the Treasury. They have
directed their shafts against another person,
the man who has been the special object of
hatred and abuse from certain quarters for the
last two years, and whose face on the five-cent
scrip has been the occasion of the amendment
and these vehement speeches.
Sir, I take pleasure in saying a word for an
abus^J man, who is not here to answer his
accusers; and I say it, too, remembering the
declaration of an ancient philosopher,'that peo-
ple love to hear accusation better than defense.
1 do not hesitate to declare it as my opinion
that when the history of our fiuancial struggles
Wring the late war shall have been written;
when all passion and prejudice shall have died
away: when the events of the present shall be
seen in the clear light of veritable history, this
man, whose picture is now sneered at; this
pi an, so little known to fame, and so unfavor-
ably spoken of among many members of this
House, will stand out in that history as a man
most remarkable for genius and ability, for hav-
ing accomplished a work which will take its
place among the wonders of mechanism and
useful invention, and for having saved to the
Treasury, by his skill and fidelity, millions of
money. Whatever people please to say con-
cerning S. M. Clark and his antecedents, he
has done his coimtry signal service ; and, sir, I
believe his merits will some day be recognized
by the American people as the) have been and
still are by those'who know what lie lias done
and is still doing in the public service.
Mr. BROOKS. I did not intend to say a
word upon this subject, and I should not have
done so but for the remarks of the honorable
gentleman from Ohio. What a eulogy he has
pronounced upon a great hero of tins war!
When the name of Grant shall have faded away;
