106
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 13,
Senate.
Apportionment of Representation—Mr. Henderson.
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
to act speedily. It is not well to postpone ac-
- tion upon this matter for a great length of time.
A large number, I believe twenty-two, of the
State Legislatures are now in session, and if
we are seriously in earnest about amendingthe
Constitution of the United States we ought to
send the amendment out to those State Legis-
latures as early as wc can.
I believe it was Sir Jacob Astley who, just
after the last battle between Charles and the
Parliament, when he fell into the hands of the
Parliament troops as a prisoner, remarked to
the commanders of the Parliament forces—
Cromwell and his party—" Now, gentlemen,
you have the game in your own hands, and can
act as you choose unless you fall out among
yourselves." I have thought during this ses-
sion of Congress that we were likely to getinto
a condition similar to that immediately suc-
ceeding the overthrow of the troops of Charles.
Ourpresentconditionis bad enough—notworse
perhaps, than two years ago, but bad enough
to accept the plainest talk.
I said I have made no preparation, or scarcely
any whatever, for the remarks I intend to sub-
mit. Perhaps it is better that I have made
none, for when gentlemen write what they have
to say they sometimes are quite.guarded, so
careful as not to express what they feel. I hope
on this occasion that I shall say exactly what I
do feel, regardless of the consequences, intend-
ing, however, to be disrespectful to no one.
What is said may not be connected. It may
want in succinctness of statement, in logical
sequence, and offend the delicate ear of the fin-
ished scholar. It may require patience to
listen, and possibly not be listened to, but,
struggling against all difficulties, I shall stagger
on to the end.
I do not know in what particular political
classification I may be ranked. Nor does it
matter. I think I know something of the con-
dition of the country: and I believe 1 know
somewhat of the things necessary to remedy
the difficulties now upon us. However, about
that I may be mistaken ; and I have some rea-
son to doubt, since the honorable Senator front
Illinois [Mr. ThciibumJ—I regret he is not
now in his seat—took occasion, a few days since,
to cor)pare me with old Dr. Townsend, of sar-
saparilla notoriety. I have since been discuss-
ing in my own mind whether the old doctor
was not at last something more than a quack ;
whether he was not as good physician as many
others who assume a little more dignity, and
pass as the most eminent men with far less
merit. Perhaps I sometimes express opinions
with too much zeal. It is to be regretted if in
the expression of views I wound the feelings of
anybody. Nothing of the sort is intended. I
said I did not know to what classification I may
be assigned. I do not know whether I am to
be termed a Radical, a Conservative, or a Dem-
ocrat. I am willing to occupy any designation
to which the "expression of views, honestly en-
tertained, may assign me. Those views mav
not accord entirely with the views of any of the
leading parties.
_ Speaking of parties, Mr. President. I see that
in a conversation which the President of the
Lmted Statts had with some gentlemen from
Virginia a day or two_ ago, he gave expression
to sentiments indicating most clearly that he
entertains fears of some real or imaginary ex-
treme party in the loyal States. I take it that
he means the radical party as now known. That
party may be dangerous, but it is not so bad as
the President seems to think. Its instincts are
generally good. Its dangers rest chiefly in timid
minds. Let me preface what I may say with
the remark that honestly and sincerely, since
the present Executive took his seat as Presi-
dent of the United States after the death of our
lamented Lincoln. I have supported his Admin-
istration. I did not concur in some points of
his reconstruction policy, but trusting in his
fidelity and better means of information I was I
willing to waive all differences and give him an I
earnest support. My object and purpose have
been to restore, if possible, and at the earliest
day practicable, the Union of these States. He
seemed to aim at the same end. It may be re-
membered, if Senators take any interest in the
little I do or say on any subject here, that on
the 24th of last February I advocated the ad-
mission of the Louisiana and Arkansas Sena-
tors, not that I believed Mr. Lincoln had au-
thority to do much that was done preparatory
to the election of those Senators, not that I
believed the military authorities possessed the
power to do many things they did preparatory
to that election, but I waived the want of for-
mality and was willing to accept them as the
representatives of loyal organizations. The
war was then flagrant, and it was our policy, I
thought, to segregate the loyal from the disloyal.
Itwas deemed best to encourage Union men to
create and rally around State organizations as
the most efficient agency for suppressing rebel-
lion in the respective States. My hope was that
the President had assurances that true and
genuine loyalty would enter into the govern-
ments of the States to be reorganized under his
proclamation; that the rebel element would
abstain from participation in restoring civil
relations, to break which they had waged four
years of bloody and savage war.
The Senator from Ohio, [Mr. \Yade,] some
days_ since—and I now refer to it in all kindness
—said that Mr. Johnson's proposition for the
restoration of these States was far preferable
to the plan of Mr. Lincoln, but he was opposed
to both. I care nothing about plans, Mr. Pres-
ident. It is best to look to results. I will not
wrangle with the Senator about the relative
merit of the two plans. He should remember,
however, that those men who participated in
the reorganization of Louisiana and Arkansas
were Union men. They of necessity were Union
men; because the war was then going on, and
none other than bold and earnest Union men
dared participate in the reorganization of those
States while confederate soldiers were yet under
arms 
Mr. WADE. I believe the Senator has not
exactly got my words. I think I did not say
"preferable.' I think that I said he went
much further in requiring guarantees than
Mr. Lincoln had done; and I do not know but
that that might be considered preferable.
Mr. HENDERSON. I did not design to
misstate the position of the Senator from Ohio.
It matters not what may be the merit of the
two plans. If the circumstances be considered,
Lincoln's plan was preferable, for the circum-
stances were then such that none but loyal men
would participate. Under Johnson's plan the
circumstances were sucli that disloyal men
could and did participate.
Mr. WADE. Ifthe Senator will oppose them,
that is all I ask. [Laughter.]
Mr. HENDERSON. I said nothing about
opposing them nor accepting them. The ques-
tion raised by the Senator was one of compara-
tive merit between the plans. The plans might
have been substantially the same, and vet the
results be essentially different. As \ egetation is
varied by climate, so are the consequences of
human action varied by surrounding circum-
stances. Congress was not obliged to accept
Mr. Lincoln's plan. It could acceptor reject.
It has the same discretion with Mr. Johnson's
plan. If accenting the organizations would tend
to restore Union and harmony they ought to be
accepted. ^ If those organizations are in rebel
hands their recognition must complicate our
troubles.
The men who presented themselves here at
the last session of Congress, under the Lincoln
plan, were elected by Union men in their re-
spective States. Do we not know perlectly
well that no confederate soldier took part in
the reorganization of the State governments
of Louisiana and Arkansas? Do we not know
that rebel soldiers would have broken up those
organizations if tney could ? Do we not know
that almost every man in those States who seg-
regated himself from the rebel army because
of his Unionism did participate in their reorgan-
ization ?
Mr. Lincoln, it is true, prescribed an oath as
a condition of the amnesty which he offered;
Mr. Johnson prescribed a similar oath ; but look
at the change of circumstances. When was
Louisiana reorganized ? During the pendency
of hostilities. When was Arkansas reorgan-
ized? In the midst of rebellion, when rebels
had the highest hopes of success. Those men
who were secessionists were opposed to the re-
organization, and constituted the party of oppo-
sition. Those who advocated restoration were
men tried in the fires of war and the persecu-
tions of political hatred. But last spring the
confederate armies surrendered, and the war
was over. Lee's army surrendered in the early
part of April, just before Lincoln's death; John-
ston's army surrendered about the 19th of April,
and Kirby Smith's army some time nearthe mid-
dle of May. On the 20th of May Mr. Johnson
issued his proclamation of amnesty. I will read
a portion of that proclamation in order to show
exactly what condition of affairs, legally and in
fact, followed its issuance.
The President's object, of course, was to
begin the work of restoration. He sought a
basis to begin on, andhonestly, nodoubt, sought
a loyal basis. He so says in his late message.
He evidently designed that all men receiving
the benefit of his pardon might, if they chose,
participate in reorganizing the respective State
fovernments. Hethoughtthey would be loyal,
n other words, they who were pardoned, re-
gardless of their former crimes in the great
drama of rebellion, and regardless of their pres-
ent feelings toward the General Government,
were to become participants in the work ^>f re-
creating loyal State governments. The Presi-
dent says:
"To the end, therefore, that the authority of the
Government of the United States may be restored,
and that peace, order, and freedom may be estab-
lished, I, Andrew Johnson, President of the "United
States, do proclaim and declare that I hereby grant
to all persons who have, directly or indirectly, par-
ticipated m the existing rebellion, except as herein-
after excepted, amnesty and pardon, with restoration
of all rights of property except as to slaves and except
in cases where legal proceedings under the laws of
the United States providing for the confiscation of
property of persens engaeed in rebellion have been
instituted; but upon the condition,nevertheless, that
every such person shall take and subscribe the fol-
lowing oath, (or affirmation,) and thenceforward keep
and maintain said oath inviolate; and which oath
shall be registered for permanent preservation, ami
shall be of the tenor and effect following, to wit:
'!>   , do solemnly swear, (or affirm,) in pres-
ence of Almighty God, that I will henceforth faith-
fully support, protect, and defend the Constitution of
the United States and the Union of the States there-
under; that I will in like manner abide by and faith-
fully support all laws and proclamations which have
been made during the existing rebellion with refer-
ence to the emancipation of slaves. SohelpmeGod."
It will^ be observed that the oath is entirely
prospective. It did not propose to purge the
conscience on the subject of voluntary and pre-
meditated treason, to draw aline of distinction
between the rebel officer and the unwilling
conscript soldier. It asked only future obedi-
ence to the Constitution, which stern necessity
had already enforced. It asked only a recog-
nition of freedom to the slave, a fact already
established without the aid of rebel oaths.
Senators will remember that there were vari-
ous exceptions, numbering fourteen different
classes, named in this proclamation. The Con-
stitution of the United States gives to the Pres-
ident Jjie power to grant reprieves and pardons,
but it may be considered, I submit, by Senators
who are familiar with the common law on the
subject of pardon, and I presume all are, whether
the I resident of the United States would have
had any authority to issue this general amnesty
or general pardon except by virtue of an act of
Congress.^ I do not deny that in any single
case, by virtue alone of the constitutional pro-
vision, the President may grant, a certificate of
pardon. I do not doubt that he can grant it
before conviction, as well as after conviction.
