1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mi\LANE, of Kansas. I will notinsist upon
explaining it now.
Mr. DAVIS. I propose to give way if the
Senator wishes to explain it.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I can do it at some
other time.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, the honorable
chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary
who reported this bill pronounced it to be prob-
ably the most important bill that has been b.e-
fore Congress since the adoption of the amend-
ment to the Constitution at the last session.
I agree with him entirely in his estimate of the
importance of this measure. Indeed, I doubt
whether a measure of more importance has at
any time been presented to the consideration
of Congress. ThehonorableSenatormtroduced
two measures which he himself considered,
' and which have generally been treated, as parts
of the same system—the bill to enlarge the
powers of the Freedmen's Bureau, and the bill
now under consideration, "to protect all per-
sons in the United States in their civil rights
and furnish the means of their vindication."
These two bills, like the Siamese twins, came
into the world together, and they were con-
nected together by something like the umbili-
cal*cord that connected those two denizens of
Asia who have taken up their residence upon
the western continent. I have heard itsaid by
some anatomists that if that cord was ever
severed, the twins would die. I trust, if that
would be the lamentable fate that would attend
Cheng and his brother, that the umbilical cord
that connects these two measures may be sev-
ered and that each of them may meet the fate,
as anatomists predict of the Siamese twins upon
a similar catastrophe.
I believe the honorable Senator, however,
does not contemplate that these two bills shall
be permanently united together. lie declared
that the first bill, to enlarge the power of the
Freedmen's Bureau, was intended to be tempo-
rary in its existence and its operation. Whether
it will be temporary or not, I suppose will
depend upon the uses that may be made of it
by the party in power in the future, and the
necessity of those uses to themselves, accord-
ing to the judgment of that party.
I propose to confine my attention, in the re-
marks which I am now about to make, to the
proposition of amendment and the amendment
to the amendment. However, the amendment
to the amendment offered by the honorable
Senator from Kansas [Mr. Lane] is not of any
very material importance ; but the bill as it was
reported from the committee, and the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Illinois, I
estimate of all the importance which ho himself
does, although he is the putative father of the
measure.
The amendment now before the Senate pro-
poses to declare all the negroes in the United
States citizens of the United States. The hon-
orable Senator from Illinois plays for three
pockets in this bill. The first is, the bill itself,
and tlie first and second sections, essentially,
upon which he relies to confer" upon the free
negroes all the civil rights that under our Gov-
ernment appertain and belong to white citizens.
The second pocket for which he is playing is
this amendment, which simply proposes in a few
summary words to enact that all'froe negroes
born in the United States shall.be held to be
citizens, and consequently that they shall have
all the rights and privileges of citizens. But
the honorable Senator has still another pocket
in reserve, which he announced the day before
yesterday, and it is this: that these negroes,
having been born in the United States of Amer-
ica, by that fact, and by the" operation of our
Constitution, would thereby be American citi-
zens. If the latter proposition be true, I ask
the honorable Senator, where is the necessity
of troubling this Senate with the consideration
and the decision of either of these other propo-
sitions? But [ suppose gentlemen are admon-
ished by experience, and they intend to use the
same providence and throw wide their net in
relation to the objects of this bill as they did in
relation to the subject of negro slavery gen-
erally. They first had the proclamation of the
President of the United States declaring that
all slaves in the rebel States were made free.
They then had the aft of Congress liberating
the wives and children of all negro soldiers;
and, eventually, they had the amendment to
the Constitution. I did not deem either of the
first measures of the least importance, because
I held that they were legally and constitution-
ally invalid; but when it came to an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States
which abolished slavery in the whole United
States, I was disposed to concede its validity.
I shall now proceed to make a few remarks
upon the amendment that is now under con-
sideration, offered by the honorable chairman
of the Committee on the Judiciary. It involves
the subject of naturalization under the Govern-
ment and laws of the United States. There are,
in my opinion, three modes by which natural-
ization may take place: one is by birth, not by
the birth of negroes, but by the birth of white
people; another is by being naturalized accord-
ing to a uniform rule to be prescribed by Con-
gress in conformity to the power vested in Con-
gress by the Constitution of the United States;
and the third is by treaty. I was interested
by some conversation between the honorable
Senator from Maryland [Mr. Joiixson] and
other Senators yesterday evening as to what
had been the effect of the treaty for the acqui-
sition of Florida, andothertreaties that acquired
foreign territory to the United Statesand brought
in the inhabitants of those foreign territories.
It was simply, in relation to citizenship, to
make all the residents of the acquired territory
who chose to continue their residence there
after the territory was attached to the United
States, citizens thereof. Then it follows that
the Government of the United States, being au-
thorized by the Constitution to negotiate trea-
ties for the acquisition of foreign territory, as
an incident to the treaty-making power, all the
residents of that territory who choose to re-
main in it when it is incorporated and comes
under the jui isdiction of the United States arc,
by .the effect and operation of the treaty-making
power, made citizens. That is a very plain
matter. I do not see any difficulty in thai to
excite the inquiry or the cogitations of profound
lawyers, constitutional or stntutary. 11 simply
amounts to this: that where the treaty-making
power brines in a portion of foreign territory,
all the inhabitants who come in with that ter-
ritory are, by the treaty-making power, made
citizens. There is an end to that mailer then.
It cannot be widened; it cannot be deepened;
it cannot be confused nor obscured. The mat-
ter of citizenship is imported in the power and
in its exercise just as any other appendage of
the treaty would also be imported by the treaty-
making power.
There is then but one other mode, accord-
ing to my understanding of the Constitution, in
which a citizen can be made by law or by arti-
ficial means; and that is in conformity to a uni-
form rule of naturalization established by Con-
gress. The honorable Senator from Maryland
! and the honorable Senator from Illinois spoke
] of special acts of Congress being passed to_ ad-
i mit the Stockbridge Indians, and other tribes
of Indians, as citizens of the United States.
According to my judgment, those laws passed
inadvertently, without due consideration. They
were attempts, by special acts of _ Congress, to
make citizens, when the Constitution expressly
declares that citizens shall be made only accord-
ing to a uniform rule to be established by Con-
gress.
That leads me step by step to the considera-
tion of the main matter in this question: upon
what description of persons does the power of
Congress to make citizens operate? Who are
i the people who, by the exercise of the power
; of Congress, either in declaring a uniform rule
of naturalization, or, if you please, by the pas-
sage of a special act, aie to be admitted into
citizenship? I deny that a negro or any white
person born in the United States can bo ad-
mitted to citizenship; in that mode. It is not
! upon the native-born, black or white, that thp
power of naturalization under this Government
operates. It operates upon foreigners; it Op-
erates upon people who are either born out of
the United States or who have gone out- of the
United States, and have assumed the relation-
ship of obedience and fealty to a foreign Gov-
ernment or a foreign potentate. What powers
exercised the right to malte citizens before th£
presentConstitution was adopted? Each State
for itself. Whom did they make citizens of?
Not of any native-born of the country, but in-
variably of foreigners, and nobody else but for-
eigners. I challenge the honorable chairman
of the Committee on the Judiciary to show me
an instance from our.history where a native-
born person of the United States was ever ad-
mitted to citizenship by any of the States before
the adoption of the present Constitution unless
that native-born person went to a foreign coun-
try and there assumed the relation of subject
or citizen to that foreign country.
I state this further proposition-: there never
was a colony before the Declaration of Inde-
pendence and there never was a State afterthe
Declaration of Independence up to the time of
the adoption of the Constitution, so for as I
have been able to learn by the slight historical
examination which I have given to the subject,
that ever made or attempted to make any other
person than a person who belonged to one of
the nationalities of Europe a citizen. I in-
voke the chairman of the committee to give me
an instance, to point to any history or any
memento, where a negro, although that negro
was born in America, was over made a citizen
of either of the States of the United States
before tlio adoption of this Constitution. The
whole material out of which citizens were made
previous to the adoption of the present Con-
stitution was from the European nationalities,
from the Caucasian race, if I may use tlie term.
I deny that a single citizen was ever made by
one of the States out of the negro race. I deny
that a single citizen was ever made by one of
the States out of the Mongolian raco. I con-
trovert that a single citizen was ever made by
one of the States out of the Chinese race, out
of tlie Hindoos, or out of any other race of
people but the Caucasian race of Europe.
I come, then, to this position: that whenever
the States, after the Declaration of Independ-
ence and before the present Constitution was
adopted, legislated in relation to citizenship or
acted in their governments in relation to citizen-
ship, the subject of that legislation or that ac-
tion was the Caucasian race of Europe; that
none of the inferior races of any kind were
intended to be embraced or were embraced by
this work of government in manufacturing cit-
izens. I am not disposed to labor that prop-
osition strenuously and elaborately, but I lay
it down as a proposition that cannot be refuted,
that whenever the different States of the Union
were making citizens before the adoption of the
present Constitution, all tbeirpurposes, all their
intentions, and all their powers upon that sub-
ject were simply to make foreigners of the
i European family of nations citizens of the
United States.
Now, sir, what is the rule of construction of
our Constitution as laid down so frequently by
the Supreme Court, and of the construction of
every constitution and every instrument of
| writing? It is this, and the honorable Senator
I from Illinois will not controvert it: that the
parties who frame an instrument give their own
meaning, according to their understanding of
the terms and language which they use, to that
instrument, and that, therefore, in construing
the Constitution of the United States, all we
have to do is to read the language, and to as-
certain from contemporaneous expositions, as
well as from the force of the terms themselves,
i what particular meaning the framers of the Con-
!! stitution intended their language to import,
j Whatever meaning they intended to attach to
i the language of that instrument or to any of its
! phrases, by that light and by that rule is the
I Constitution to be construed and interpreted.
! I take an example. The Constitution defines
!' treason. What has been the construction of all
