1866.]
APPENDIX .TO TffiB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
10?
39th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Apportionment of Representation—Mr. Henderson.
Senate.
He cannot give a Jicgpse or indulgence to com-
mit crime ; but after a crime is committed, all
he has to do in his certificate is to specify par-
ticularly the crime that has been committed
and for which the pardon is granted. But it
may well be denied that but for the act of Con-
gress of July 17, 18G2, of which my friend from
New Hampshire before me [Mr. Clark] was
perhaps the chief draughtsman, the President
would have any authority to grant a general
pardon or amnesty. I must admit that that act
is quite full. Let me'refer to it. The thirteenth
section is in these words :
"Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That the Presi-
dent is hereby authorized, at any time hereafter, by
proclamation, to extend to persons who may have
participated in the existing rebellion in any State or
part thereof, pardon and amnesty, with such excep-
tions and at such time and on such conditions as fie
may deem expedient for the public welfare/'
It will not be disputed that by virtue of that
authority the President had power to issue his
proclamation of general amnesty. But disputes
may arise on other questions connected with
this proclamation. What was the condition upon
which the pardon was to inure to the benefit of
the party pardoned ? It was first that he should
file the oath named and in the manner to be
prescribed. But this is not of itself sufficient.
There is something more necessary that the
benefits of the pardon should inure.
According to the common law, and when we
undertake to construe our Constitution we must
construe it with reference to that law which ex-
isted among us at the time and with which our
forefathers were perfectly familiar, perhaps the
best system of law devised for the administra-
tion of justice among men, it is not only neces-
sary that the party shall have filed this qpth,
but it is necessary that he shall have kept the
oath. The President provides, in the close of
the proclamation, that '•' the Secretary of Sta te
will establish rules and regulations for admin-
istering and recording said amnesty oath, so as
to insure its benefit to the people and guard the
Government against fraud.'' I believe the Sec-
retary of State provided those rules and regu-
lations under which parties who intended to
take the benefit of this amnesty could take it.
The taking of the oath is the technical accept-
ance of the pardon. The actual performance
of the things, sworn to be done, is the condition
of the pardon. If the condition be broken the
pardon is void. The oath is that the party tak-
ing it will henceforward "faithfully support,
protect, and defend the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States and the Union of the States there-
under," and that he will "in like manner abide
by and faithfully support all laws and procla-
mations which have been made during the ex-
isting rebellion wi|h reference to the emancipa-
tion of slaves."
First, then, if one has failed to take the oatli
prescribed, and in the manner prescribed, the
pardon does not attach, and second, although
he may have taken the oath, unless he has com-
plied with it. that is, unless he has faithfully
supported " all laws and proclamations which
have been made during the existing rebellion
with reference to the emancipation of slaves,"
the pardon as to him is void and its benefits
are forfeited. „
I have looked to some of the authorities on the
subject of pardon, and refer to this point for the
purpose ofobtaining, if possible, a legal solution
of existing difficulties. Those difficulties are
great, but the powers of the Government must
be large enough to secure its own existence, to
perpetuate the principles of liberty which .lie
at its foundation, as well as to vouchsafe the
happiness of the people. The Union may be
restored in truth and in fact, without violating a
principle of that instrument, and indeed with-
out rejecting the unwritten traditions of the
fathers. 1 propose, in a moment, to examine the
condition of the people in the seceded States,
the. character of the organizations before us, and
what the jiowers and duties of Congress are.
It will then be proper to inquire, how far this
act of amnesty by the President relieved these
parties in the seceding States? What rights it
legally conferred? What the President under-
took to relieve them of? How far he was ad-
vised of the precise character of their offenses ?
Whether he had any power independent of the
act of Congress already cited to pardon gen-
erally ? If not, then the extent of that general
pardon under said act ? How far it has been
accepted and to what extent its benefits have
been forfeited? And lastly, as I have said, the
powers of Congress in the premises? I do not
propose to elaborate these points, but suggest
them for the solution of abler men, who have
more immediate charge of reconstruction. The
President says—
" I hereby grant to all persons who have, directly
or indirectly, participated in the existing rebellion,
except as hereinafter excepted, amnesty and pardon,
with restoration of all rights of property, except as to
slaves, and except in cases where legal proceedings
under the laws of the United States providing for the
confiscation of property of persons engaged in rebel-
lion have been instituted."
Of what does he relieve them? Of anything
except the penalty prescribed in the act of July
17, 1862 ? Does the pardon restore the person
accepting it to full rights of citizenship ? In
other words, did the voluntary rebel forfeit any
political right by his rebellion ? He forfeited
his life and property under the act named.
The President's pardon did not assume to do
more than restore to him his life and prop-
erty. Is there not a political question behind
this, that belongs to Congress and which does
not come within the power of the President
either under the clause of the Constitution or
the law named ? But assuming that the force
of the pardon was sufficient to restore both
civil and political rights forfeited, then has the
condition of the pardon been kept?
On the subject of conditional pardons, the
case of Wells ex parte, 18 Howard's Reports,
where the whole question of pardon was dis-
cussed ably and learnedly, may be referred to.
Wells was convicted of murder in the District
of Columbia, and President Fillmore pardoned
him, on the condition, however, that he should
take, in lieu of capital punishment, imprison-
mentinthepenitentiaryof the Distrietof Colum-
bia for and during his life. On the next day, I
believe, he applied for a writ of habeas corpus,
his counsel taking the ground that the condition
was void, because no man could sell his liberty,
and that the pardon attached and was perfect
and complete. The Supreme Court decided
thai the condition might be legally attached,
and that the party instead of selling himself
into slavery, preserved his life, which was al-
ready forfeited to the law in consequence of
his crime, that he had no body which was his
to sell into slavery, and that really he saved his
life by the acceptance. This subject of con-
ditional pardons, the extent of executive au-
thority, and the forfeiture of the benefits arising
from pardon, have received consideration in
numerous cases. See Cathcart vs. Robinson, 5
Pet. R., '264-280; 8 Watts and Serg., 197 ; 7
Pet., 100; IBaileyS. C.,283; New York Legal
Observer, 177.
I believe in the State of my distinguished
friend from New York [Mr. Harris] it was
decided that where a pardon had been granted
upon condition that the party should perma-
nently leave the country and he failed to go, or
having gone, returned, he could be remanded
into custody for the execution of the judgment
and sentence of the court. Then if there be a
political forfeiture in the crime of rebellion
which has not been pardoned, the jurisdiction
of Congress may properly attach and new or-
ganizations provided for, in which the rebel
element may be excluded. But even if the
President's pardon be valid to make the of-
fender a new man, civilly and politically, yet if
he has violated the condition of the pardon the
pardon becomes inoperative, and if a majority
m the seceding States have violated it, are the
rebel States not legally as they were before the
attempted restoration?
I have no feeling of malice whatever against
the people of the southern States. I was horn'
in the South myself, and ask nothing but what
I think would be best for them and the entire
country. My friend from Illinois [Mr. Trum-
bull] seemed to think the other day that I was
actuated by some new zeal, having been once
a slaveholder. I said that I was a slaveholder
at the beginning of this war. I am glad that
the Senator is in his seat now. I was a slave-
holder partly by inheritance. That I could not
help, any more than the Senator from Illinois
can help his disposition eternally to criticise me.'
[Laughter. ] He got his disposition by inherit-
ance, and I received a slave by inheritance. I
forgive him: will he forgive me? [Mr. Trum-
bull. Certainly.] I got them partly by pur-
chase, not for purposes of profit, but at their
own request, to keep them from being sold to
others. I never got a dollar of their wages from,
the day I purchased them until the day they
were emancipated. I paid from my hard earn-
ings the money for their purchase and turned
them loose, and they have received from that
day to this the rewards of their own toil.
I know that it is very easy to say, "You have
been a slaveholder, and therefore a wicked
man." Slaveholding is now, of course, un-
popular. We must look to men's surround-
ings in order to judge fairly of their acts. I
ought not to speak of myself in connection
with many who have been slaveholders, but I
must be allowed to speak now, in roy own de-
fense, the simple truths of history. George
Washington was a slaveholder, James Madison
was a slaveholder, James Monroe was a slave-
holder, Thomas Jefferson, the apostle of free-
dom and the advocate at all times of emanci-
pation, the man who looked down the long
vista of the then future and saw with prophetic
ken the war of the last four years, was a slave-
holder up to the day of his death. I do not
know but I have sinned in being a slave-owner.
If so, better men than I have sinned—not bet-
ter than the Senator from Illinois, but better
men than I have sinned, all ovej the South.
The Senator from Illinois cannot realize the
fact, perhaps, that if he had been in a slave
State when slavery existed, he might have be-
come a slaveholder himself, even against his
will. A negro for wh6m he might have had
regard, one who had been kind to him. is put
npon thp block for sale ; a purchaser is present
to whom the slave is unwilling to be sold; the
slave begs him to buy. Would he not become
a slaveholder under these circumstances if he
had money enough to do it ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope my friend from
Missouri did not understand me as saying that
he had been a slaveholder, by way of reproach.
Certainly, I meant no such thing.
Mr. HENDERSON. I was afraid such might
be the inference from the remarks of the Sena-
tor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not so intend.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am glad of it. I can say
that so far as my former slaves are concerned,
they will need no bounty from the Freed-
men's Bureau. I have made some of them
land-owners. My means are not large, but I
have done something in the way of charity or
justice, whichever it may be. To some I hare
given homes, and, if I live much longer enjoy-
ing good health and my present vigor of con-
stitution. I hope to be able to make them all
land-holders. That is not all. Within the lim-
ited sphere of my influence I have done some-
thing toward purchasing churches and school-
houses for the moral and intellectual culture,
not only of the few formerly belonging to m_e,
but of the many belonging toothers. I have said
to them, "Go and educate yourselves ; pre-
pare to become citizens of this country, as you
must inevitably be in the future." If they be-
come able to reimburse me, thov will do so;
