1866.
THE COBT&RESSIOffAL GLOBE.
3507
of peace will be to take care of the Indians, and
probably to place small detachments through-
out the southern States. They may as well be
employed in this service. They are generally
men of experience and capacity. Two thirds
of the officers of the Army now are persons
taken from civil life, who are under the re-
straints of a military commission. They are
generally men of character and experience,
who have familiarity with Indian affairs, and
therefore can better discharge the duty of In-
dian superintendents and agents. They are
held by a chain of responsibility; and beside
that they are subject to the Rules and Articles
of War; so that if any of them acting as an
Indian agent, or as an officer transacting the
duties of an Indian agent, should either violate
his duty to the Indians or to the Government,
he may be tried under the Rules and Articles
of War.
Without entering at greater length into the
reasons why we propose this important amend-
ment, I can say that after the consideration
we gave it, the Committee on Finance were
unanimously of the opinion that this transfer
ought to be made, and that without casting any
reflection on any officer of the Government,
but simply as a question of official duty, re-
sponsibility, and economy. Every argument
that could be urged, after full consideration,
was in favor of this transfer. If this bureau
is transferred to the War Department the same
machinery that is now in existence will be con-
tinued, subject, however, to such changcs and
removals as may be made by the President.
Then from time to time military officers will
be substituted for the present superintendents
and agents. Where it is impracticable to do
that the agents and superintendents will be
kept in office; but as far and as soon as prac-
ticable the Secretary of War will be required
to supersede the agents and superintendents
by military officers of proper rank, and they
will be required to transact the duties of these
offices without any increase of pay.
It must be remembered, too, that the Army
will necessarily be stationed, in a great meas-
ure, in the Indian country, and that the present
complex system by which the Indian agents and
superintendents are to do certain duties, and
the Army officers certain other duties, makes
often a conflict of jurisdiction. Out of that
conflict of jurisdiction has arisen several Indian
wars. If there is but one source of authority
in the Indian Territory, and that is the War
Department, there will then be proper respon-
sibility. Wc can then hold the military officers
responsible ; but, as it is now, the Indian agents
often blame the military authorities—tlieyha,ve
done so to me—and the military authorities
blame the agents and the traders, and the re-
sult is that there is a conflict of jurisdiction,
which itself creates war, expense, and con-
fusion.
There is another difficulty. One of the points
brought before the committee is in regard to
the frauds that have been inflicted on the Gov-
ernment by the traders and contractors in the
Indian country. They are charged with steal-
ing, with all sorts of fraud, both upon the Gov-
ernment and upon the Indians. The amend
ments now proposed provide for anew system.
It i3 provided that contracts for all Indian sup-
plies shall be made in the mode and manner
now provided by law for supplies for the Army.
Bids must be invited, opened, and supervised
by the proper officers of the Government. There
will be in this a degree of responsibility that does
not now attach to Indian conti'acts. Besides,
the Indian traders, who are a fruitful cause of
controversy, are superseded by the sixth sec-
tion, and the Secretary of War is authorized
to name times and places where any one may
trade with the Indians, under proper regula-
tions. This, no doubt, will be in the presence
of the military authorities and in the presence
of an armed force, when there will be power
which will be respected both by traders and
Indians. ,
Those are, briefly, the reasons_ which have
been urged upon us, and to which we have
yielded so far as to propose the transfer of the
Indian Bureau to the War Department. I do
not wish to consume any further time in argu-
ing a question of this kind upon which every
Senator has heard a great deal in the course
of the last three or four years.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not desire to go
into the argument of this question at length
to-day; I will say but a few things. The Sen-
ator from Ohio and the Committee on Finance
cannot certainly have had an opportunity to
consider this question as those gentlemen have
whose special business and duty it has been to
look into our Indian affairs. I admit in the out-
set that there are some considerations which
would incline the judgment to place the super-
intendency of Indian affairs under the control
of the War Department. At the same time
there are other, and in my judgment stronger,
considerations why it should be kept distinct
from the War Department.
I know, sir, that it is sometimes urged that
there is a jealousy between the employ6s of
the Indian Bureau and the officers of the Army.
I admit it. I admit that there is sometimes a
conflict of opinion and apparently a conflict of
jurisdiction, that they are exceedingly jealous
of each other. But, sir, so far from that jeal-
ousy working to the disadvantage of the Gov-
ernment it works rather to its advantage. The
fact that there are two sets of officcjs in the
Indian country jealous of and watching each
other, is both for the good of the Indians and
for the good of the Government.
As to the manner in which these Indian wars
arise, of course I cannot now go at length into
a detail of their history to show how they have
arisen. It is enough to say that they sometimes
arise from a sudden conflict.between the whites
and the Indians. An Indian may commit some
depredation upon the whites in the stealing of
their cattle, which provokes at once retalia-
tion, and a war begins; or, on other occasions, it
arises from depredations committed by whites
upon the Indians. And, sir, I venture to say,
upon the best information which I have been
enabled to obtain, that the Indian wars have,
in nine cases in ten, arisen from the depreda-
tions or the wrongs committed by the whiles
upon the Indians, and not by the Indians upon
the whites.
My friend oil my right [Mr. Bnuwx] observes
it is not by the Army. Koiv, let, me call some
facts to my friend's recollection. I do not
charge upon the Army greater mistakes than
I would charge upon any other men in the same
circumstances; but I do charge that the great-
est Indian wars that have occurred within the
last twenty years may bo traced djrcctly to the
Army and to the blunders of officers in com-
mand. I refer to the great Sioux war which
becan in 1852, and continued until General
Harney was called to the field and punished
the nation very severely. How did that war
commence? It commenced in this way: the
plains had been perfectly peaceful until then ;
some Mormons were driving their cattle to-
ward Salt Lake, and near Fort, Laramie, the
Indians being gathered together waiting in the
neighborhood of the military post, one of the
tribe killed one of the animals belonging to
those Mormon emigrants; the lieutenant in
command of the fort at once sent out a man m
command of twenty men, and in the presence
of the Indian camp demanded that this Indian
must be surrendered or he would fire upon
them. The Indians said, ''We are willing to
pay for this animal; we will pay you in buffalo
robes or buffalo skins.'' But no, he demanded
tehe instant surrender of the man who had com-
mitted the offense. The Indians refused^ to
deliver him up, and he ordered his men to fire.
They fired upon the' Sioux warriors and Sioux
Indians there assembled, and in twenty min-
utes he and his whole party were kilted and
scalped. That began the Sioux war of 1852.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to inquire of the
Senator from whence he derives his informa-
tion. _ . „
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I derive my informa-
tion from the testimony taken.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator has already said
that this officer and his whole party were lrilled
on the spot; and I should like to know, there-
fore, what source the Senator derives his in-
formation from. There must have been nobody
left except the conquering Indians.
Mr. D00L1TTL15. One of the interpreters
of the tribe testified before our committee as
to the facts. Why, Mr. President, there is no
doubt about the facts. It was that lieutenant
going out and demanding the surrender of that
Indian, and their refusing to surrender him,
that began that war. Ide fired on the Indians,
and was killed within thirty minutes with his
whole party, and that commenced that Sioux
war which lasted three or four years, and cost
the Government from fifteen to twenty million
dollars.
How did the great Navajoe war begin? As
long as Major ICendrick, who was a man of
great good sense, was in charge of the fort in
the Navajoe country, there was no war between
the Navajoes and the United States after we
acquired the country; but the war began just
in this way : an Indian happened to be within
the fort, and there was a negro boy that be-
longed to one of our officers that, 1 suppose,
insulted the Indian in some way, made him
angry ; he let slip an arrow and killed the
boy on the spot; the Indian fled to his tribe;
the officer sent a demand for the surrender of
the Indian ; the Indians did not deliver him
up, refused to deliver him up, and at once war
was commenced by our troops against the Nav-
ajoe tribe of Indians, and wo made three cam-
paigns against them and were beaten every
time. In consequence of the war begun in
that way, the Government had to spend nearly
twenty million dollars.
So in reference to the Arapahoe and Chey-
enne war which has desolated the plains so
long. How did that arise? Because some cat-
tle had been stolen, as it was supposed, a lieu-
tenant,, taking no interpreter with him, was sent
out witli orders to follow the Indians and to
disarm them—not to demand the cattle, or
reparation, but to follow the Indians and dis-
arm them. lie went out with a little squad
of men and undertook to disarm these great
big Indians of the plains of their bows and.
arrows, with no interpreter to explain anything.
What was the result? A fight, of course. Then
began your Arapahoe and Cheyenne war.
Sir, it. is the blundering of these officers of
the Army in command of little squads of men
that in an hour can make an Indian war. It
is from that more than anything else that these
wars have arisen. And yet I stand not hero to
condemn the Army. The men who control it
are as honorable men as we can find. But I
say to Senators my judgment is, from all my
attention to this subject, that it is not in-the
law, it is not in the system, it is in the admin-
istration of Indian affairs, whether it is com-
mitted to civilians or to military officers, that
the essential difficulty lies. The system which
we have adopted is good enough; the laws
wc pass are beneficent enough; but the dif-
ficulty is in the administration. If you put
a young lieutenant who knows but little about
human nature, and not much about Indians,
in the command of a fort in an Indian country,
lie may involve you in a war that will cost you
$20,000,000 before you come to the end of it;
or if you have a dishonest agent, he may cheat
the Indians, it is true ; he may, perhaps, em-
broil a difficulty between the Indians and the
whites. I admit there is a difficulty m the
case. It is to know how to manage this busi-
ness economically. But when the Senator from
Ohio says that he expects if you remit it entirely
to the War Department, that we shall be free
from Indian wars and Indian difficulties, m my
iudgment he makes a great mistake.
Now, Mr. President, I will state another fact
that has come under my observation person-
ally. Hon. Mr. Foster, was with me upon the
plains last summer. When we arrived at Fort
Larned, we found a military officer in the com-
mand of about fifteen hundred troops, that was
anxious, earnest, and had received his orders
