1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
254T
sive matter upon the banks. The subject has
been referred to the Committee for the District
of Columbia, who. having examined the ques-
tion, deem it very injudicious and unsafe for
the city authorities to allow such work to be
done. Under the direction of the committee,
I have prepared a joint resolution having in
view the stopping of that work. I ask unani-
mous consent to report that joint resolution for
consideration at the present time.
Mr. ALLEY. I object.
Mr. INGERSOLL. The gentlemon ought
to hear the resolution read before he objects.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at forty minutes past four o'clock p. m.) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &e., wero presented undojr
*the rule and referred to Uie appropriate committees:
By Mr. BANKS: The petition of Richard Mason,
Augustus Brises, James II. Davis, George W. Lester,
and 100-others, citizens of the United States, against
the passago of the second section of the constitu-
tional amendment now pending, and for alaw grant-
ing equal political rights to all citizens without
regard to race or color.
By Mr. j. HUMPHREY: The petition of William
W. Gardener, and others, glass-blowers, in relation
to revenue taxation.
By Mr. HULBURD: The petitions of sundry citi-
zens of the counties of fit. Lawrence, Franklin, and
Jefferson, New York, asking an ad valorem duty and
an increase of duty on imported flax.
Also, a remonstrance of sundry citizcns of Oneida
county, Now York, againstjho bill to rcorganizo the
Federal judiciary.
By Mr. IHJBBARD, of NewYork: Thopetitionof
72 citizcns of the county of Chenango, New York, ask-
ing that aduty of ten cents per pound and ten per cent.
ad valorem-be levied on all unwashed foreign wools
competing with American wools, the value whereof
at the last port of export, including charges in such
port, shall bo thirty-two cents or less per pound, and
that, a duty of twelve cents per pound and ton per
cent, ad valoremho levied on all like wools, tho valuo
whereof, including charges in port, shall exceed thir-
ty-two cents per pound; and that the above rates of
duties bo doubled on washed wools and trebled on
scoured wools.
Also, the petition of citizens of the town of Oxford,
in the county of Chenango, New York, for a daily
mail route from Unadilla, in the county of Otsego, to
that place.
By Mr. McINDOE: The petition of R. 0. Harris,
and 57 others, praying that mail route No. 13122, in
Adams county, Wisconsin, be altered and extended.
Also, a petition for tho establishing of a mail
route from Friendship, in Adams county, Wisconsin,
by Arcade, to Barnum, in said county. _ _
By Mr. IlICE of Maine: The petitition of Dr. E. F.
Sanger, and others, physicians of Penobscot county,
Maino, for exemption of certain medicines from im-
port duties.
By Mr. RADFORD: Tho petition of citizens of
New York, for the regulation of inter-State insur-
ances.
By Mr. WARD: The petition of numerous citizens
of Houne, in Alleghany county, New York, in tavor
of increasing the tariff on wool.
IN SENATE.
Friday, May 11, 18GG.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. GRIMES presented concurrent resolu-
tions of the Legislature of Towa, in favor of the
establishment of a Bureau of Education; which
were ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. GRIMES. I present the petition of C.
W. Walker, and a large number of other citi-
zens of Maegregor, in the State of Iowa, who
pray that Congress will frame and pass a gen-
eral law regulating the bridging of the upper
Mississippi river, making pro visioniherein that
neither railroad nor water traffic be impeded
cr impaired. I present also another and simi-
lar petition from citizens of the same place,
containing the same prayer. I move that these
petitions be referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORGAN presented a memorial of the
Long Island Historical Society, in relation to
the unburied remains of soldiers on the battle-
field of Shiloh; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented a memorial of
citizens of Natchez, Mississippi, remonstrating
against the proposed tax on cotton ; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
REPORTS or COMMITTEES.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred a joint resolution (II. R.
No. 103) to refer the petition of Benjamin Hol-
liday to the Court of Claims, reported it with
an amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Mrs. M.
J. Walker, praying for compensation for prop-
erty taken and used by the United States
forces at Vicksburg, Mississippi, in 18G3 and
1864,. reported adversely thereon.
He also, fromthe same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Augustus Hub-
bell, late captain and commissary of subsistence
United States volunteers, praying that he may
bo allowed, in the settlement of his accounts, a
certain amount of money which ho alleges to
have been stolen from him on the 17th of July,
18G5, reported adversely thereon.
Mr. HENDERSON, from the Committee
on Claims, to whom was referred the petition
of Henry Roy de La Reintrie, praying that
compensation be allowed him for effective and
valuable services rendered to the Government
of the United States in California in exposing
fraudulent land claims against the G overnment,
submitted an adverse report thereon; which
was ordered to bo printed.
He also, from, the same committee, to whom
was referred tho petition of Benjamin Tilley,
praying for compensation for land in the city
of Washington occupied by the Government as
a part of the site on which Camp Fry is situated,
submitted an adverse report thereon; which
was ordered to be printed.
BILL RECOMMITTED.
On motion of Mr. LANE, of Kansas, the
bill (S. N'o. 119) granting lands to the Leaven-
worth, Lawrence, and Fort Gibson Railroad
Company to aid in extending their railroad and
telegraph line from the southern boundary of
Kansas to the northern boundary of Texas, in
the direction of Galveston bay, was recom-
mitted to the Committee on Public Lands.
DEBATES OP TIIE SENATE.
Mr. CONNESS. I offer the following res-
olution :
Resolved, That tho Committee on Printing b« di-
rected to inquire into the necessity of more correct
reports of the debates of tho Senate, and to report a
remedy for tho practice of changing and suppressing
words spoken in debato in tho Senate and substitut-
ing therefor matter not spoken.
I do not ask for the present consideration of
the resolution, and I will not occupy the time
of the Senate with it now, bccause when the
resolution is considered 1 desire to submit some
remarks in connection with it and in explana-
tion of it. I am willing, therefore, that the
resolution shall lie over for the present.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will lie
over under the rules.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion of Mr. ANTHONY, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourn to-day-it
be to meet on Monday next.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that tho House of Representatives had agreed
to the amendments of the Senate to the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 133) relative to the
attempted assassination of the Emperor of
Russia, and to the amendment of the Senate
to the bill (H. R. No. 511) imposing a duty on
live animals.
PAY DEPARTMENT OP TIIE NAVY.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the House joint
resolution No. 130. It is a small matter, and
will not require the consumption ot time.
The motion was agreed to ; and the joint
resolution (II. R. No. 130) to carry into im-
mediate effect the bill to provide for the better
organization of the pay department of the Navy
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
For the purpose of carrying out the provisions
of an act to provide for the better organiza-
tion of the pay department of tho Navy, with
the least delay possible, the joint resolution
authorizes the President of the United States
to waive*the examination of such officers in
the pay department of the Navy as are on duty
abroad, and cannot at present be examined aa
required by law ; but such examinations as are
required by law are to be made as soon as
practicable after the return of tho officers to
the-United States, and no officer found to be
disqualified is to receivc the promotion con-
templated in the act herein referred to.
The Committee on Naval Affairs reported
the joint resolution with an amendment, to add
as an additional section the following:
Sec. 2. And be, it further resolved, That tho Socre-
taiy of tho Navy be, and he is hereby, authorized to
retain or to appoint, under existing laws and regu-
lations, such volunteer officers in the Navy as the
exigencies of tho service may require until their
places can be supplied by graduates from the Naval
Academy.
Mr. CONNESS. Aslundcrstandthat amend-
ment, it proposes simply to put the volunteer
officers, whohavenow had years of experience,
in the service temporarily out of' the Navy as
soon as their places can be supplied by grad-
uates of the IN aval Academy. It does not strike
me as a very wise thing to be done, and I should
like to hear from the honorable chairman of
the Naval Committee his views on the wisdom
of tho amendment proposed. It will be remem-
bered that the officers of the volunteer Navy
had experience as seamen in the mercantile
marine before they entered that branch of the
naval service; and it appears to me that when
experienced officers, many of whom have ren-
dered efficient and valuable service during the
war, are transferred into the Navy there should
be a provision for their remaining there. I do
not know why they should give place to grad-
uates from the Naval Academy. I should like
to hear from tho chairman on the subject.
Mr. GRIMES. I think the Senator frfim
California misapprehends the scopc of this
proposition. Under laws passed in 1801,1802,
and 1803, the Secretaryof the Navy was author-
ized to appoint certain persons, si-eh as might
pass the board of examination, to certain grades
in the volunteer serviced'the Navy ; but there
was a provision in the law declaring that they
should cease to be officers of tho United States
whenever the rebellion ended. These officers
are now scattered all over the world in various
squadrons, and it is simply proposed to enact
a lav/ so that if the President of the United
States should see (it to-morrow to issue aproc-
lamation declaring that the rebellion has en-
tirely ceased, from that moment these 'officers
shall not cease to be, but shall continue in the
service and draw their pay and perform their
duty to the Government.
The question as to whether the volunteer
officers shall be retained in the permanent
Navy is not embraced in this joint resolution,
but is embraced in another proposition which,
is under consideration in the Committee on
Naval Affairs. This section simply retains
these officers for the present, until there shall
be subsequent legislation by Congress. That
is the purport and scope of it. It was drawn
in tho Navy Department by gentlemen who
entertain the same views in regard to the adop-
tion of the volunteer officers into the Navy that
the Senator from California entertains, as I
understand from what he has said.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I offer as an additional sec-
tion the following:
And be it further resolved. That, naval eoBstructera
shall hereafter be held to be staff officers in the Jv avy,
and entitled to all the rights and privileges and sub-
ject to all the liabilities and duties of such.
The amendment was ag^od to.
•The joint resolution was reported to tho
Senate as amended, and the amendments
were concurred in. It was ordered thai: tuo
amendments be ongrossed, and the bill bo
