1588
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
IN SENATE.
Friday, Mweh 23, 1866.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
deficiency citil bill.
t A-message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersos, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had agreed
to some and disagreed to other amendments of
the Senate to the bill of the House (II. R. No.
86) making additional appropriations and to
supply deficiencies in the appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government, for
the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1806,
and for oilier purposes, and had agreed to other
. amendments of the Senate to the said bill with
amendments; asked a conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and
appointed Mr. Thadmjcs Stevens of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. Et.tnu B. Washisukne of Illinois,
and Mr. Rufck P. Spalding of Ohio, mana-
gers at the same oa its part.
Mr. r I NS f-'\ Y) i\\\ I move that the Senate
insist on its amendments disagreed to by the
House, and that the conference be granted and
the conferees be appointed by the Chair.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I should like" to know
what the differences are.
Mr. OOXMESS. They are very extensive.
I believe the House have only concurred in two
of our amendments.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Messrs. Fcsskxdf.x, Conkers, and Johnson,
the committee on the part of the Senate.
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the .Senate a report of the Secretary of War,
communicating, in obedience to a resolution
ol the Senate o-f the <,)th instant, information
in relation to legislation necessary to fix and
establish the position of the Chicago and Rock
island railroad at Pock Island, Illinois, so as
to enable the War Department to occupy that
island l'or military purposes ; which, on motion
of Mr. Wit,son. was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
academy of sciences.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid
belore the Seuatc a communication of the vice
president of the National Acadcmy of Sciences
transmitting, in obedience to law, a report of
the operations of that society during the past
yi-ar, which was ordered to lie on the table, and
be printed.
rnmoxs and memorials.
Mr. CLAli/K. I hold wi ray hand, Mr. Pres-
ident,, two hundred and eighteen petitions from
various towns and places in the State of New
Hampshire, all of them numerouslv signed,
so that 1 think they may bo regarded as the
petitions of the citizens of New Uampshire, in
which tliey ask for an act of Congress making
a special bounty of land to the soldiers in the
late, war of IWil and 1802, which shall make
them move equal in pay with those who after-
ward entered the service and received large
bounties. 1 hey also ask a special bounty of
land tff the reeaiisted veterans who did so much
towaid thr> termination of the war. I move
their reference to the Committee on Military
Anair-i and tiie \fi]itia, hoping that they may
bo aide io do something in answer to the prayer
of the petitioners.
The motion was agreed to.
Mi-. MORGAN presented a petition of one
hundred and sixty-one soldiers and three hun-
dred and seventy-one citizens of Eittle Palls,
New York, praying for an equalization of boun-
ties ; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. i'E\rI>EUSO\T presented a resolution
of (be Legislature of Missouri, in favor of the
payment of the losses and damages sustained .
by the university of that State on account of the !
occupation thereof by Federal troops as a mil- |
itary post; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARRIS presented' a petition of brew-
ers of New York, praying for a reduction of
the duty on barley imported from Canada and
the British Provinces m North America, so that
it may not exceed five cents per bushel; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HOWE. I present a memorial signed
very largely by citizens of the United States,
praying Congress not to restore any State that
has rebelled or warred against the United Stales
to its place in power, as a governing partner in
the Union, until adequate security has been
obtained against its renewing the attempt to
secede; against its being represented in Con-
gress beyond its just proportion according to
its voting population ; against any payment for
debts incurred in rebellion or for its emanci-
pated slaves ; and against any distinction in its
constitution, laws, or municipal regulations on
account of color or descent, and not to allow
any distinction on account of color or descent
in the laws or municipal regulations of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, the national capital, whose
institutions, ordained by Congress, standbefore
the world as representative of the national spirit
and character; and also to propose for ratifica-
tion to the several States amendments to the
Constitution such as are set forth in the peti-
tion at considerable length. I move its refer-
ence to the committee of fifteen.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAYIS presented the petition of D. D.
Sublett, praying for compensation for services
rendered by him in taking the eighth ccnsus in
the county of Morgan, Kentucky; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
reports ou ftommtttees.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Claimsf
to whom was referred the petition of Marie
Genand, sole lieir of John Hudiv, praying to
be reimbursed for money advanced and ex-
pended in 181-1 and 1815 by Hudry for the
United States, submitted an adverse report 5
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HENDERSON, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
George I). C. I~Iibb^T praying to be allowed the
diflerence between his pay of a first-class clerk
and the amount he received as a messenger in
the Pensio'n Office, submitted an adverse re-
port ; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. STOCKTON, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred a bill (H. R.
No. 219) for the relief of Catharine Mock, re-
ported it with an amendment,, and submitted a
report,; which was ordered to bo printed.
Mr. POME ROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom the subject was referred,
reported a' bill (8. No. 221) relating to lands
granted to the State of Minnesota to aid in con-
structing railroads; which was read and passed
to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (S. No. 193) to amend an
act entitled "An act granting land to the State
of Michigan to aid in building a harbor and
ship-canal at Portage Lake, Keweenaw Point,
Lake Superior," approved March 3, 1865, re-
ported it with an amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
the Amoskeag Manufacturing Company, pray-
ing for compensation for three regimental cook
wagons furnished the Army by order of Major
General Fremont, commanding the Western
department, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill, (S. No. 225,) for the relief of the
Amoskeag Manufacturing Company. The bill
was read, and passed to a second reading, and
the report was ordered to be printed.
marine hospitals and revenue cotters.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill of the House of Representa-
tives (II. R. No. 184) to authorize the sale
of marine hospitals and revenue cuttei's, dis-
agreed to by the House of Representatives; and
On motion of Mr. CHANDLER, it was
licsolvvl, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said bill, disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and ask a committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the managers on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Messrs. Chandler, Sherman, and Nesmith.
bills introduced.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 222) further to prevent smuggling, and for
other purposes; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous eon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 51) respecting bounties to
colored soldiers; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained,, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 223) to revive and extend the provisions
of an act granting the right of way and making
a grant of land to the States of Arkansas ana
Missouri to aid in the construction of a rail-
road from a point upon the Mississippi opposite
the mouth of the Ohio river, via Little Rock,
to .the Texas boundary near Fulton, in Arkan-
sas, with branches to Fort Smith and the Mis-
sissippi river, approved February 19, 1853,
and for other purposes; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained,Jeave to introduce a bill (S. No. 22-i)
to aid in the construction of a southern branch
of the Union Pacific railway and telegraph,
and to secure to the Government the use of
the same for postal, military, and other pur-
poses , which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORRILL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 52) authorizing the (Sec-
retary of the Treasury to«change the name of
the steamboat City of Richmond to City of
Portland; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. YATES asked, and by unanimous con-
.sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
226) to repeal section ten of an act to amend
the several acts heretofore passed to provide
for enrol ling and calling out the national forces,
and for other purposes; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. MORRILL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 227) to incorporate the Washington Glass
Company; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
Mr. BROWN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
228) donating public lands to the American
Forest Tree Propagation and Land Company for
conducting experiments and disseminating in-
formation respecting forest-tree culture, calcu-
lated to prevent the destruction and encourage
the production of forests in America: which
was read twice by its title, and referred to ifiie
Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
expedition to chili.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Plant-
ing, who were instructed to inquire into the ex-
pediency of continuing the publication of the
report of the United States naval astronomical
expedition to Chili, have instructed me to re-
port a resolution on that subject, and I will ask
for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution:
Resolved, Thatthefurtherpublieation of the obser-
vations of the United States naval astronomical ex-
pedition to Chili, for the use of the Senate, of the
Secretary of the Navy, and of the superintendent of
