S24
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
O-f our courts in relation to theterm "treason?"
That the framers of the Constitution used that
term precisely in the sense in which it was ufeed
ill 23 Edward III, and as that term had been
expounded by the courts at Westminster. By
time and by the modifications of language the
ideas and meaning, living and current, of the
;t4rm '"treason"- .might vary; but in the eon-
£<$ilct!on' of the Constitution and in the defini-
tion of treason there would be no such variation.
-An enlightened arid honest and able judge,
called upon to define what treason was to a jury
under, the Constitution of the United States,
would recur back to the meaning of that term
as generally understood.at the time the Consti-
tution was adopted and as the framers of that
.Constitution intended it should be understood;
and whenever the sense had thus been obtained
the maiterwould be rendered clear and explicit,
and the idea which the term imported at that
day, and which, those who made the Constitu-
tion and used this term intended to imply by it,
would be accepted as the true construction of
•the Constitution.
I give one other example : the Constitution
interdicts ex post facto laws ; it declares that
no ex post facto law shall be passed. That is
a technical term; it is a term of art; and it has
a specific meaning. When that clause of the
Constitution is in court for construction, we do
not resort to the ordinary acceptation and un-
derstanding of the term ex post facto. We hunt
for its legal definition at the time the Consti-
tution was adopted, how learned judges and
learned lawyers in the profession understood
the term, and through all future time, as long
as that Constitution is respected, until it is
dhanged in the mode prescribed by the instru-
ment itself, will the meaning, as they under-
stood it and intended to use it, be adopted by
the courts.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Kentucky allow me to ask him if ho means to
assert that negroes were not citizens of any of
these colonies before the adoption of the Con-
stitution?
Mr. DAVIS.' I will come to that presently.
Mr.TRUMBULL. I understood him to assert
that they were not citizens when the Constitu-
tion was adopted in any of the States, and to
challenge contradiction.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 say they were not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Docs the Senator wish
any authority to show that they were? If he
docs, I will state to him that I have before me 
Mr. DAVIS. When I get through you can
answer me.
Ml-. TRUMBULL. I understood the Senator
to challenge me to produce any proof on (hat
point, and I thought he would like to have it
m his speech. I can assert to him that by a
solemn decision of the supreme court of-North
Carolina they were citizens before the adoption
of the Constitution.
Mr. DAVIS. If the honorable Senator will
allow me, I will get along with my remarks.
Mr. TRUMBU LL. 1 think you will get along
better by not being exposed in your statements.
Mr. DAVIS. The honorable Senator is full
of conceit, but I have seen less conceit with a
great deal more brains than he has. If the hon-
orable Senator will restrain himselfhe will have
an opportunity after a while. That is not the
main point that I am coming to. It is not the
main buttress that I am attempting to throw up
for the defense of the positions that I lake.
I was speaking of the manner in which the
Constitution is to be interpreted. I challenged
the honorable Senator to deny the principles
and canon upon which I proceeded to interpret
the Constitution. If he denies them, when he
fefe up to speak he can maintain his position.
say now—and I made use of that argument to
fortify this position—that when the term '' nat-
uralization" was introduced into the Federal
Constitution, it was introduced with precisely
the sarffe meaning and understanding in which
it had been understood and executed in the
different States. By the old Articles of Con-
federation Congress had no power to naturalize
& foreigner. The old Articles of Confederation
had no po\ver to naturalize a foreigner. Each
State naturalized foreigners for itself, and the
States had various and discrepant systems. In
some of the States it required a longer and in
other States a shorter term of residence to au-
thorize a foreigner to become a citizen. What
was the consequence? The various systems
of naturalization by the different States intro-
duced confusion $nd disorder and inconven-
ience. It was with a view to prevent these in-
conveniences, by having a uniform system, that
in the Convention of 1787 the whole subject of
naturalization was given up to Congress. -Each
State yielded it, for itself; it yielded it to the
General Government. It yielded it in two forms
only. The first form was as an incident of
the treaty-making power. Whenever a foreign
country or foreign subjects or citizens were an-
nexed to the United States, citizenship accom-
panied it as an incident of the treaty-making
power. They yielded it in this other form by
naturalization. It was to obviate a discrepant
and discordant system of naturalization by the
various States that this power was vested by
the Constitution in the General Government;
and in what language was it vested ? Congress
shall have power to establish a uniform rule
of naturalization. That is the language. Now,
sir, my position is, that anything which does
not amount to a uniform rule of naturaliza-
tion docs not fulfill the requirement of the
Constitution, and is invalid. Does a little, petty
law, local and almost personal in its character,
applying simply to the Stockbridge Indians,
or any other tribe of Indians, establish a uni-
forrrTTule of naturalization? Not, at all. Does
the amendment of the gentleman establish a
uniform rule of naturalization? Not at all.
The naturalization spoken of here is the ad-
mission of a foreigner to the rights of citizen-
ship. That is the subject; and under the pro-
vision of the Constitution I will read some au-
thorities presently on that" subject. There are
but two modes in which a foreigner can be ad-
mitted to become a citizen of the United States.
One is in case ho shall have been an inhabitant
of country acquired by the treaty-making power
by the United States: and if he does not come
up to that rule, the other is that he can only be
admitted by a law of Congress establishing a
uniform rule of naturalization. I therefore
might say to the honorable Senator—but I have
a stronger position behind yet—that his amend-
ment not establishing a uniform rule, but being
different, discrepant from the uniform rule of
naturalization prescribed by the law of Con-
gress, and Congress having only power to estab-
lish a uniform rule, his amendment is uncon-
stitutional. because it does not come up to the
criterion that is furnished by the Constitution.
But, Mr. President, my main position is that
no native-born person of the United States of
any race or any color can be admitted a citizen
of the United States by Congress under the
power conferred in relation to naturalization
by the Constitution upon Congress. It is pre-
posterous and absurd to pretend to make you,
sir, or any gentleman born in the United States,
a citizen of the United States under the power
of Congress to pass a uniform rule of natural-
ization. Why? Because you are not a for-
eigner. This.is the truth about it; it is a his-
torical truth, and it establishes the principle,
too. that all the action and operation of the
State governments before the Constitution was
formed, and the provision of the Constitution
itself in relation to naturalization and invest-
ing Congress with that whole subject under the
authority to establish a uniform rule of natural-
ization, refers exclusively to foreigners. You
being born here might become the subject of
this naturalization law and system; but what
would be necessary before you could be placed
in such a condition? You would have to go
to some foreign country and sever your tie of
allegiance to the Government of the United
States, and assume that tie toward some for-
eign Government or foreign potentate before
you could be the subject of naturalization here.
Now, sir, I will read from one or two author-
ities on this subject. Let me state the position
which I want the learned and able Senator and
jurist from Illinois to assail if he can. I lay
down the proposition that no man but a for-
eigner can be admitted a citizen of the United
States under our naturalization laws or under
any power which Congress has to naturalize.
I read first from Story's Commentaries upon
the Constitution, sections 1097,1098, and 1099:
" Snc. 1097. The next clause is, that Congress 'shall
have power to establish a uniform rule of naturali-
zation, and uniform laws on the subject of bankrupt-
cies throughout the United States.'
"Sre. 1098. The propriety of confiding the power
to establish a uniform rule of naturalization to the
national Government seems not to have occasioned
any doubt or controversy in the Convention. I''or
aught that appears on the journals, it was conceded
without objection. Under the Confederation, the
States possessed the sole authority to exercise the
power; and the d issimil ai ity of the system in different
Slatcswas generally admitted as a prominent defect,.
and laid the foundation of many dclieate and intricate
questions. As the free inhabitants of each State were
entitled to all the privileges and immunities of citi-
zens in all the other States, it followed that a single
State possessed the power of forcing into every other
State, with the enjoyment of every immunity and
privilege, any alien whom it might choose to incor-
porate into its own society, however repugnant such
admission might be to their polity, conveniences, and
oven prejudices."
It seems that tlio "prejudices" of a people
were regarded in that primal and virtuous"day
that are now so fiercely struck at in this bill
and its twin sister.
" In effect every State possessed the power of natu-
ralizing aliens in every other State; apowcras mis-
chievous in its nature as it was indiscreet in its ac-
tual exercise. In one State, residence for a short timo
might and did confer the right of citizenship. In
others, qualifications of greater importance were re-
quired. An alien, therefore, incapacitated for tho
possession of certain rights by the laws of the latter,
might, by a previous residence and naturalization in
the former, elude at pleasure all their salutary regu-
lations for self-protection. Thus tho laws of a single
Statcwcre preposterously rendered paramount to the
laws of all the others, even within theirownjurisdic-
tion. And ithasbeen remarked with equal truth and
justice that, it was owing to mere casualty that the
exercise of this power under the Confederation did
not involve the Union in the most serious embarrass-
ments. There is great wisdom, therefore, in confiding
to the national Government the power to establish a
uniform rule of naturalization throughout the United
Ftates. It is of the deepest interest to tho whole
Union to know who are entitled to enjoy the rights
of citizens in each State, since they thereby in effect
become entitled to the rights of citizens in all the
States. If aliens might bo admitted"—
Wherever there is a reference to the making
of a citizen by naturalization it invariably ap-
plies to aliens. It does in all the debates and
proceedings of the Convention. It does in every
adjudication of every court in America upon
the subject of naturalization. It has reference
all the time and exclusively to aliens.
"Ifaliens might he admitted indiscriminately to
enjoy all the rights of citizens at the will of a single
State, the Union might itself be endangered by an
influx of foicigners, hostile to its institutions, ignor-
ant of its powers, and incapable of a due estimate ol
its privileges.
"Sec. !0..'9. It follows, from the very nature of the
power, that to be useful it must be exclusive."
I read these passages for the purpose of show-
ing that it was the purpose and the only pur-
pose of the framers of tho Constitution that
this power to make citizens of people who were
not horn in the country should apply to for-
eigners and to foreigners alone. Upon that
point I will read another authority. I have a
good deal of it here with which I shall not
trouble the Senate. T have before me the work
of Mr. Wool«ey on international law, a Con-
necticut writer of very great learning and abil-
ity. I read from his work, page 150, section
sixty-six:
"Foreign residents in most Christian countries can
sustain, in the course of time, a closer or more dis-
tant connection with the body-politic. They can
acquire nationality, or in other words become natu-
ralized, or they may remain in tho territory as domi-
ciliated strangers."
He says expressly that foreigners (not native-
born subjects or citizens) can become natural-
ized ; and then comes this language, to which
I ask the attention of the honorable Senator
from Maryland:
" Naturalization implies theremmeiationofaformer
nationality, and the fact of entrance into a similar
relation toward a new body-politie."
There is the definition, and the whole of it.
Naturalization implies the renunciation of a
former nationality, and the entering into a new
