1866.
-THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2549
end that the public health may not suffer.
Strange if the national Government, which
is our guardian against foreign foes, may not
protect us against this fearful enemy.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not deny that; I
agree to that 
Mr. SUMNER. Very well.
Mr. MORRILL. Now, my query is, can
the power of commerce, that power which
regulates the passengers on their passage to
this country, follow the passengers entirely
into the States and overrule the internal police
of the States? That is the question.
Mr. SUMNER. Now the Senator puts a
question which runs into the question already
propounded by the Senator from Iowa, and to
which I am coming in due course of time. I
have not quite arrived at it. I was illustrating
the power that the General Government would
have in the harbor ; and now let me give an-
other illustration, which is familiar to my hon-
orable friend; it is with reference to goods
which arrive. I need not remind the Senator
from Maine that when goods have arrived sub-
ject to duties the custom-house exercises its
control according to the prescription of law,
not only while those goods are water-borne, but
after they have been landed, and if they have
been landed in violation of the law, it pursues
those goods even into the interior.
Mr. CHANDLER. To the Rocky mountains.
Mr. SUMNER. A Senator behind me says
even to the Rocky mountains. It is enough
to say that it pursues those goods into the
interior. In short, the Constitution of the
United States was not so absurd, nor have our
courts been so absurd in its interpretation,
as to recognize a power in the custom-house
merely at the door of the granite structure,
and to require that it shall stop there. No,
sir, the power must be made effective. We
have practically made it effective with refer-
ence to goods. We have also, to a certain
extent, made it effective through decisions of
the Supreme Court with reference to passen-
gers. It now remains that we should carry it
one stage further, and for the public good, and
to secure the public health, which is a great
part of the public good, to insist that this same
power shall be applicable, just as we have
already insisted that it is applicable, to the
pursuit of goods. I cannot myself see the dif-
ference between the two cases. It seems to
me that the power over goods imported at our
custom-house under the acts of Congress, the
power over passengers introduced into this
country under acts of Congress, are both de-
rived from the same source, and you can find
no limitation for one and no expansion for one
which is not equally applicable to the, other.
I insist, therefore, that on this simple text,
the power to regulate commerce with foreign
nations, you find ample power for this action.
You must annul this text, or at least limit, it
by construction and dwarf its fair proportions,
or the power of Congress to provide against
cholera is perfect.
But Senators call my attention to the second
clause of the resolution, which is as follows:
That he shall also enforce the establishment of
sanitary cordons to prevent the spread of said dtseaso
from infected districts adjacent to orwithinthe limits
of the United States.
To my mind this clause may be treated under
two different heads: first, it may be regarded
as ancillary from the nature of the case to the
power which is derived under the clause to
regulate commerce with foreign nations. From
the nature of the case, if you have the power
to shut out cholera from the ports, you must
be intrusted with an associate power to follow
this same enemy even into the interior, pre-
cisely as you follow goods that have escaped
the exercise of your power in the ports. I am
willing, therefore, to put it even on the first
clause of this constitutional provision, calling
it simply ancillary. But 1 do not stop there,
for annexed to the first clause are the words,
"and among the several States.'' Congress has
power to regulate commerce among the several
States. Now, sir, assuming that commerce is,
as it has been described or defined by our
Supreme Court, intercourse among men, em-
bracing the transportation not only of goods
but of passengers, and applicable to everything
that comes under the comprehensive term
intercourse, giving to it that expansive defi-
nition which I think you will find in some of
the decisions of the Supreme Court, I ask you
if you do not find under that second clause
ample power also to regulate this matter.
Congress has power to regulate commerce,
communication, intercourse, transportation of
freight and transportation of passengers among
the several States. To make that effective,
you must concede to it a power such as is
described in the clause to which the Senator
from Iowa has directed my attention:
lie shall also enforce the establishment of sanitary
coulons to prevent the spread of said disease from
infected districts adjacent to or within tho limits of
the United States.
There is no reference here to State lines, and
why? From the necessity of the case. The
disease itself does not recognize State lines.
The authority which goes forth to meet the
disease must be at least on an equality with
the disease, and can recognize no State lines.
How vain to set up State rights as an imped-
iment to this beneficent power.
I therefore conclude that the power over this
subject is plenary, whether you look at tho first
clause of the Constitution to which I have
called attention relating to foreign commerce,
or the second clause relating to commerce
among the States. It is full, it is complete.
Hence I put aside the constitutional objection,
whether urged seriously or in levity, as it was
perhaps by my excellent friend from New
York; I put it aside as absolutely out of the
question and irrelevant. Congress has ample
power over this whole question ; and, sir, per-
mit me to ask if it had not ample power over
this whole question, where should we be as a
Government at this time? Can we confess that
a great Government of the world must fold its
arms and see a foreign enemy, for such it is,
crossing the sea and invading our shores and
we unable to go forth to meet it? I do not
believe that this transcendent Republic is thus
imbecile. I believe that under the text of tho
Constitution, as well as from the nature of the
ease, it has ample powers to meet^the enemy
in the simple text of the Constitution regulat-
ing commerce. To my own mind tho ease
seems too clear for argument.
And this brings me, sir, to the proposed
amendment of the Senator from Vermont. He
moves to strike out the clause to which I called
attention myself the other day and to substi-
tute certain words creating a commission. I
objected to this clause the other day; I will
read it now:
That it shall be the duty of the Secretary of War,
with tho cooperation of the Secretary of the Navy
and the Secretary ol the Trcasui y, whoso concurrent
action shall be directed by the Commander-m-Chief
of the Army and Navy, to adopt an efficient and uni-
fomi system of quarantine against tho intioduction
into this country of the Asiatic cholera.
I objected, it may be ramembered, to this
clause as placing this bill under the patronage
of the war power. I did not think it needed
that patronage, though I was willing to admit
that it might need sometimes the exercise of
the war authority ; but I did not think that it
needed to be derived from tho war power. It
was not from the nature of the case an exer-
cise of this power, but it was clearly derived from
the power over the commerce of the country ;
and I regretted, therefore, that tho framers of
the bill had seemed to put the war power in
the forefront. Now, the Senator from Ver-
mont meets that suggestion by an amendment
to the effect that a commission shall be consti-
tuted, embracing the Secretary of War, the
Secretary of the Navy, and the Secretary of
the Treasury. I have no particular criticism
to make upon that amendment; if the Senate
consent to it, I shall certainly be disposed to
join ; but I think that a better form still may
be adopted and one which shall place what we
do more completely and unreservedly under
that power of the Constitution from which I
think it is derived ; that is, the power to regu-
late commerce. I would therefore propose that
the duty shall be confided primarily to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, who, in the exercise
of his powers, shall be aided by the Secretary
of War and the Secretary of the Navy, under
the direction of the President of the United
States. «
It seems to me that with that change the bill
will be brought into iUjsolute harmony with the
Constitution, will bPlibove criticism, and it
will be amply effective. I would therefore, if
I could have the permission of my friend the
Senator from Vermont, propose the amend-
ment in this form : to strike out in the third
line the word "War" and insert "the Treas-
ury; " to strike out in the fourth line the word
"Navy" and insert the word "War;" and
to strike out in the fifth line the word "Treas-
ury" and insert "Navy," and then to strike
out the words "whoso concurrent action shall
be directed by the Commander-in-Chief of the
Army and Navy," and insert simply "under
the direction of the President of the United
States ; " so that the clause would read :
That it shall be the duty of the Secretary of tfie
Treasury, with the cooperation of the Secretary of
War and the Secretary of the Navy, under thedirec-
tion of the President of the United States, to adopt
an efficient and unilornj system of quarantine, &c.
In making this change we shall simply en-
large and expand the existing powers of the
Secretary of the Treasury. He is now the head
of the custom-house; he regulates the passen-
ger system. Go further, and give, him these
additional powers that shall enable him, so
far as he can, to prevent the introduction of
disease into the country. All that we do will
be in harmony with tho practice of the Gov-
ernment, and I submit will be above question.
The Government, in the exercise of admitted
powers, will be, I trust, more than a match for
the cholera.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, as there
are now two amendments pending, that of the
committee and my own, and inasmuch as tho
amendment proposed by the Senator from
Massachusetts reaches the same point that I
had in view, and may be more satisfactory to
Senators, with tho leave of the Senate T with-
draw the amendment I offered, in order that
the Senator from Massachusetts may offer his.
Mr. SUMNER. That being withdrawn, I
move now to amend the amendment of the
committee in the way I suggested, by striking
out in line three the word " War" and inserting
"the Treasury;" by striking out in line four
the words "the Navy" and inserting " War;"
in line five by striking out "Treasury" and
inserting "War and also by striking out the
words " whoso concurrent action shall be di-
rected by the Commander-in-Chief of the Army
and Navy" and inserting "under the direction
of the Piesidcnt of the United States."
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, the object
of this resolution commends itself to the Sen-
ate, provided it can be accomplished. We all
have an interest, in common with the whole
country, in keeping the cholera out of the
United States if we can ; if we have the power
by legislation to accomplish that purpose, it is
our duty to exert it; but I am unable to agree
with the honorable member from Massachu-
setts, that there is any such power under the
authority with which Congress is clothed of
regulating commerce with foreign nations and
between the States. The other grounds on
which it is supposed the resolution can be
maintained, as far as the authority of the hon-
orable member from Massachusetts is con-
cerned, I understand to be abandoned. It
is not to bo maintained upon the war power,
because there is no war, actual or anticipated,
and before any authority can be exerted under
the war power with which Congress^ is clothed,
there must be a state of war. During the late
rebellion we gave as broad an interpretation
to that power, and perhaps broader than the
framers of the Constitution designed; but it
is immaterial now to inquire whether in the
past during a war, or whether in the future if
there should be a war, we can go to the extent
