1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
the expedition, as authorized by a resolution of the
Senate of August 2, tSot, be, and the same is hereby,
discontinued.
Mr. ANTHONi;' In reporting this resolu-
tion the committee do not wish to be under-
stood as undervaluing in any respect the im-
portance of this report, which is very creditable
to those engaged in it, and wc have no doubt
highly advantageous to scicnce, nor are we at
all indifferent to the abstract scientific investiga-
tions, but the resolution is reported merely on
account of the great expense, it costing nearly
$50,000 to continue it, and in the present con-
dition of the Treasury it is not thought proper
to continue the publication.
The resolution was adopted.
NORTHERN KANSAS RAILROAD.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I ask the consent
of the Senate to dispose of the motion to re-
consider the bill (S. No. 145) for a grant of
lands to the State of Kansas to aid in the con-
struction of the Northern Kansas railroad and
telegraph, which has been returned by the
House of Representatives in compliance with
a resolution from the Senate. It will not take
an instant. I move to take up that question.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Kansas moves thattheSenate recon-
sider its vote passing this bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator now moves that the vote of the Senate
ordering the bill to be engrossed and read a
third time be reconsidered.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
is now before the Senate and open to amend-
ment.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move now to
amend the bill by striking out the words " in
Kansas," where they occur in line nine.
Mr. POMEROY. There was an error by
which those words were put in the wrong line.
The words "in Kansas" should be stricken
out in line nine and inserted in line ten, sec-
tion one, so as to make the section read:
That there ho, and hereby is. granted to the State
of Kansas l'or the purpose of aiding in the construc-
tion of the Northern Kansas railroad, to wit, from
Elwood, on the Missouri river, in Kansas, and oppo-
site the city of St. ,To-'eph, in the State of Missouri,
west thro itch Mar.vsviile to a junction with the. Pa-
cific i ailroad, every alternate section of land m Kan-
sas designate!} by odd numbers, Ltc.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time,
and passed.
BBSERYED SEATS IN GALLERY.
Mr. RIDDLE. A few days ago some thirty
Senators requested the Sergeant-at-Arms to as-
sign reserved seats in the gallery for Senators,
Representatives, and their wives and families.
I now offer a resolution to that cffect, as the
Sergeaut-at-Arms does not feel authorized to
do it at our simplerequest:
Iimolvcd, That the Sergeant-at-Arms of the Senate
be directed to assign icserved scats in the gallery for
Senators, Representatives, and their wives and fam-
ilies.
Mr. POMEROY. Let it lie over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the resolution lies over under the
rules.
WELLINGTON AND DORSET.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that the Senatepro-
eeed to the consideration of the bill reported
by me the day before yesterday from the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads—Sen-
ate bill No. 210.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 210) for the relief of Wellington & Dorsey
was read the second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
direct the Postmaster General to pay to Dan-
iel Wellington and J. C. Dorsey, composing
the firm of Wellington & Dorsey, the sum of
$10,437 50 for extra services rendered in car-
rying the United States mails on route No.
14G02, between the towns of Carson City and
Aurora, in the Slate of Nevada, from July 1,
1862, to June 30, 1805.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 ask for the reading of
the report.
The Secretary read the following report:
The Committee on Post Ofliccs and Post Roads, to
whom was referred the memorial of Wellington k
Dorsey for relief, beg leave to report as follows:
In July, 1862, the contract for carrying themail once
aweekfrom Carson City. Nevada. to Aurora, on route
14602, was awarded to Wicks k Miller at a'compcn-
sation of?J,(>00 per annum, l'or some reason unknown
the contractors failed to fulfill their contract. This
route was the only one which afforded mail commu-
nication to the town of Aurora, then, as now, a pros-
perous and busy mining town. Upon the solicitation
of citizens and postmasters, Mess.rs. Wellington &
Dorsey commenced to fulfill the contract forfeitedby
Wicks & Miller. By that time, however, the wants
and demands for increased mail facilities became so
great, consequent upon the greatly increased-popu-
lation of Aurora, and the discoveiy of rich mines in
its vicinity, that these petitioners yielded to the so-
licitation of the people, and carricd the mail three
times per week for onevear and ten months, and daily
for cloven months. The I'ostOfiieoDopartmentpaid
them at the rate agreed upon by Wicks & Miller for
a weekly service, and they now n ;k Congress to pnv
them for theirextraserviceatthesamoratcs atwhich
the Department has (since) contracted for carrying a
tri-weekly and daily mail over the same route.
The amount claimed is $20,875. In view of the facts,
all of which have been well authenticated by papers
from the Department and other sources, the commit-
tee offer the accompanying bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. CLARK. I should like to inquire of
some one who may know, how much money
this bill will take out of the Treasury.
Mr. CONNESS. That is stated in the bill.
Tt appropriates $10,437 50, which is half of
what the contractors claim, and half of what
the service would entitle them to if it had been
regularly authorized by the Department. The
Department say that evidence is on file with
them, furnished by postmasters, that the ser-
vice was performed, and that it was necessary,
and even a much-needed service. There is no
doubt on that point. The service was per-
formed in Nevada, not in California, in a
mountain region where the cost of the service
was very much enhanced.
Mr. GRIMES. When was it?
Mr. CONNESS. The report states. I have
here a letter from the Second Assistant Post-
master General #n the subject, the substance
of which is embodied in the report. Yfe con-
eluded, on full examination of the case, that
by agreeing to pay one half the amount charged
the Department and the people got a very cheap
service, and that under the circumstances it
would be a sufficient compensation to these
parties. They performed a very valuable and
a very costly service. There is no doubt that
it was needed. Of course there is no power in
the Department to pay unless the appropria-
tion he made.
Mr. CLARK. I understand it was entirely
a voluntary service. 1 inquire of the Senator
from California whether tlieje was any recom-
mendation or intimation on the part of the
Post Oflice authorities that the service was
desirable to be performed before these gentle-
men undertook to do it.
Mr. CONNESS. I believe it grow up like
all the service or a great portion of the service
in all the new States and Territories. Ilefore
arrangements can be made to get the authori-
zation of service by the Department the neces-
sity becomes so great that the local postmasters
and postal agents are intrusted with discretion
to allow service in those cases. This service
was authorized by all these parties belonging
to the Post Oflice Department. It was not
authorized from the Department here, but the
Department are of the opinion that it was val-
uable service, that it was well performed, and
that the contractors or performers of the ser-
vice are entitled to compensation, and, as I
sav, we cut their compensation down just one
hal f.
Mr. NYE. I wish to suggest to the Senator
that when this scrvice was performed I lived
at one end of the line. A year ago the Post
Office Department made arrangements by which
they provided for this service. The parties did
the service on the recommendation of the post-
masters there and the postal agent, with assur-
ances that they would be paid.
Mr. CONNESS. This is only half the rate
now authorized by the present contract.
Mr. NYE. This is but half the rate the P.ost
Oflice Department pays.
Mr. CLARK. 1 do not know that I am
opposed to this particular hill; but it seemed
to me that it was a dangerous kind of legisla-
tion, that parties undertaking to do a service
entirely voluntary, coming to the Government,
are to be allowed a certain sum, and then it is
made a matter for the passage of the bill that
we only allow them half what they chargel
Is it understood that these parties take this
allowance in full for what they claim?
Mr. CONNESS. Yes, sir.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to have the bill so
amended that it shall say that it is in full, so
that we shall not be troubled with another edi-
tion.
Mr. CONNESS. You will not be. They
are not of that class to make that kind of
trouble.
Mr. CLARK, I move to amend the bill by
adding "which shall be in full for all claims
and demands for such service."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
DISTRICT COURT IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. STEWART. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 107, to provide for a term of the dis-
trict court for the district of Minnesota, to be
held at the city of Winona, in said district.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill. It proposes to repeal the
laws providing for holding a term of the court
at, Manlcato, and to require a term to be heard
annually on the first Monday in June at Wi-
nona.
Mr. STEWART. I offer an amendment to
add at the end of the first section:
And all process, wits, or recognizances, civil and
criminal, winch may have been or may hereafter be
issued and made returnable at JJankato. shall be re-
turned to the said term of the said court at the said
city of Winona, in like manner and with the liko
eftect as if oiiginally made returnable thereto.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
LEAVENWORTH, LAWRENCE, ETC., RAILROAD.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. _ I move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No. 119, reported by the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad.
The motion was agreed to: and the* bill (S.
No. 119) granting lands to the Leavenworth,
Lawrence, and Fort Gibson Railroad Com-
pany to aid in extending their railroad and
telegraph line from the southern boundary of
Kansas to the northern boundary of Texas, in
the direction of Galveston bay, was considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill was read at length.
SENATOR FROM NJSW JlSRgBy.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday, which is the resolution reported
by the Committee on the Judiciary in reference
to tho case of the Senator from New Jersey,
the pending question being on the amendment
of the Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Clark:] and on this question the Senator from
Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] is entitled to tho iloor.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President. I do not pro-
pose to discuss the question before the Senate
at any length. There is but little object in
discussion. If the Senator from New Jersey
sought any personal or any partisan triumph in
this controversy, he has secured that. W hat-
ever may be the decision of the Senate, it can-
