2550
THE CONGRESSIONAL* GLOBE..
May 11,
we havedone, orwhetheringoingtothat extent
we were justified or not, looking strictly to the
true interpretation of the Constitution in that
particular. I think all will agree that there
must be a war before the power that j ows out
of a state of war can be exerted; ami as no-
body pretends that there is a condition of war
now, or as far as- w£ know that any war is
anticipated, either with a foreign nation or
among ourselves, the resolution upon the table
cannot be justified uporij^at ground.
Nor does it profess, even if it could have
been justified upon that ground, to be the ex-
ertion of the war power. It is intended to
avoid disease, and nothing else. It is a sani-
tary regulation. It is a regulation to be accom-
plished by means of quarantine, or by quasi
means of the same description. My friend
from Massachusetts supposes—and the honor-
able member from Vermont yesterday, in pro-
posing his amendment, put it upon that ground
—that the _ measure can be maintained under
the authority which Congress has to regulate
commerce with foreign nations. My friend
from Vermont will permit me to say that he
misapprehends—I speak it with all respect—
the principle upon which the passenger cases
were decided. At that time the Supreme Court
—a majority of the judges following what they
supposed to be the rule_ established in the case
of Gibbons vs. Ogden, in 9 Wheaton—were of
the opinion that the authority conferred upon
Congress to regulate commerce between the
United States and foreign nations was exclu-
sive, so that over that subject the States had
no control whatever, and upon reasoning very
plausible, and not only plausible, but very
forcible, as stated in the opinion of Mr. Chief
Justice Marshall, who gave the unanimous opin-
ion of the court in the case of Gibbons vs. Og-
den. But in the subsequent eases, in the pas-
senger cases, and afterward more decidedly in
what were called the license eases, a, majority
of the court came to the conclusion that the
power was not an exclusive one, and that the
States had a right to pass laws the effect of
which was to regulate commerce in all cases in
which such laws would not, in that particular,
conflict with any existing laws which Congress
might have passed. In other words', the court
held that the power was, in one sense, a con-
current power ; that if the United States thought
proper to exercise their authority, about which
there could be no doubt, but did not make an
entire regulation, that which was not regulated
fell within the scope of the power of the State.
It is due to my own opinion and due to can-
dor to say that I think the latter opinions of
the Supreme Court in that particular were
erroneous. _ My belief at the time was, and my
belief now is, that the power was designed to
be exclusive; and that, therefore, if Congress
should fail to^ regulate entirely commerce be-
tween the United States and a foreign nation,
Congress would have declared, by the failure to
regulate, that what was being done with com-
merce as between the United States and for-
eign nations and the several States, was just
in the condition in which Congress desired it
to remain. In other words, the power of regu-
lating commerce with which Congress is clothed
is a power exerted in a case of that description
by not regulating. The subject itself seems to
1.sPeak now uPon t!le authority of Mr.
Chief Justice Marshall—one which necessarily
must be intrusted to one power, to one Gov-
ernment; and if so, as nobody can doubt that
the power is given to Congress by the Consti-
tution, that power, in my opinion, is exclusive
of like authority on the part of the States. But
the received doctrine of the Supreme Court
now is otherwise.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the dutT
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business,
which is House bill No. 280, upon which the
Senator from Michigan [Mr. Howard] is enti-
tled to the floor.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope that the special
order will be laid aside informally. I think we
can get a vote very soon on this question.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no desire to go on;
not the slightest.
Mr. CHANDLER. I think we can get a vote
very soon on this measure.
Mr.-JOHNSON. I think not.
Mr. CHANDLER. My colleague is willing
to wait.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The unfin-
ished business of yesterday can be laid aside
by unanimous consent only.
Mr. JOHNSON. Not by my consent.
Mr. CLARK. I think we had better go on
with the Post Office bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. I suppose thereis no danger
of the cholera coming here in the next two
months.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the unfinished business will not
be laid aside.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
_ The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. _R. No. 280) making appropriations for
the service of the Post Office Department during
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1867, and for
other purposes, the pending question being on
the amendment proposed by Mr. Trumbull.
_ Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, the discus-
sion upon the amendment offered by the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull]
now under consideration has taken so wide a
range as almost to induce the belief that cer-
tain-gentlemen who have spoken have become
oblivious of the subject-matter of discussion.
This liberality having been extended by the
Presiding Officer to others, I trust I shall not
fall under the censure of any gentleman if I
avail myself of it also. I cannot, therefore,
assure the Senate that in what I am about to
say I shall confine myself very strictly to the
amendment under consideration.
_ Mr. President, it has been declared during this
discussion and on numerous other occasions,
both in the Senate and out, that th<? so-called
policy of the President of the United States,
who holds his office, under the Constitution, by
reason of the death of President Lincoln, is
but the same policy enunciated and attempted
to be carried out by the latter ; and we have
been told by the honorable Senator from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Doolittle,] and the honorable
Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cowai,-,] in
very energetic and emphatic tones, that this
policy is the identical policy of Mr. Lincoln in
regard to the reconstruction of the rebel States.
I take issue with those Senators upon this ques-
tion of fact. I deny that the policy of President
Johnson is identically the policy of President
Lincoln upon that most grave and important
subject; and I shall show, or at least endeavor
to show, in my feeble way, that the two lines
of policy, that of Mr. Lincoln and that of Mr.
Johnson, are in point of principle as wide apart
as the poles; that while on the part of Presi-
dent Johnson there is an assertion of the abso-
lute power of the Executive to interfere in the
manner he has interfered for the restoration
of the rebel States, while it is asserted in his
behalf that he has this omnipotent power, and
that it does not belong to Congress, Mr. Lin-
coln always, in his most solemn proclamations
and acts, disclaimed that power and was ever
careful to protest that he, as the executive
branch of the Government, possessed no real
power on the subject of the readmission of the
rebel States into Congress. Let us recall a
part of the history of the times and endeavor
to see the exact position occupied by Mr. Lin-
coln touching the power of Congress and his
own power over the question of the readmission
of Senators and Representatives from the rebel
States into Congress.
_ But before I come to that, let us, if it be pos-
sible, ascertain what this policy of Mr. J ohnson
actually is. Let us entertain clear ideas upon
the subject, and ascertain what is the real
essence, the gist of the controversy now exist-
ing between him and Congress. The best an-
nouncement of the policy of Mr. Johnson upon
the subject of reconstruction is of course to be
found in the most solemn paper he ever signed,
and that is his message at the opening of the
present session of Congress. I have read that
message with care, and studied it carefully and
repeatedly, and so has the country. If there
be any document in existence that is well com-
prehended both in Congress and out of it, it is
that document. The following is a brief synop-
sis of the views of the President contained in
that paper.
It assumes and asserts the power in the Pres-
ident to appoint provisional governors of the
rebel States, to give them authority to call con-
ventions, and to reestablish civil governments
in them. This it claims as an executive power,
a power derived under the Constitution, apower
which he has exoreised; but, sir, a power which
in my judgment exists for him in no part of the
Constitution. In this document he claims the
right to reorganize civil governments as and for
State governments in the rebel States, with all
"the powers, rights, and privileges of States of
and in the Union. In short, he claims the
power, as the Executive of the United States,
to make peace with the States once in insur-
rection.
Sir, under what clauseof the Constitution does
the President find the power to proclaim and
reestablish peace, after a state of war has inter-
vened,whether with aforeignconntry with which
we mayhapppentobe at war, or a State or dis-
trict declared by Congress to be in insurrection ?
He has not the power under the Constitution
to make war, and for the same reason he has
no power under the Constitution to make peace;
and Congress has never in any statute given
him any authority whatever to declare peace
even in regard to the rebel States. Gentlemen
will look in vain for any such authority. In
the act of 1861 the President was authorized
to declare certain States in insurrection; but,
sir, Congress never gave to him any power to
declare the insurrection to be at an end, much
less to declare the insurrectionary districts
again restored to the status they occupied be-
fore the war, or to declare that peace in the
full constitutional sense of the term has been
restored.
Mr. COWAN. Is there any necessity for a
declaration that the rebellion is over? Is there
any necessity in a case of this kind for a dec-
laration that peace is restored?
Mr. HOWARD. That is by no means the
question. The question is, not whether there
be any necessity for granting such a power to
the President, but whether it has been granted.
I assert that Congress have never granted any
such power to the President as to declare that
peace in all its forms and in all its relations
has been restored to the insurrectionary dis-
tricts. Congress have taken good care to
reserve to themselves this authority. I remind
the Senate of the fact that the statute I allude
to was drawn by the hand of one of the most
cautious, circumspect, and profound constitu-
tional lawyers of the country, Mr. Collamer, of
Vermont. He carefully abstained frominsert-
ing a,ny clause in that statute authorizing the
President to declare that peace was restored.
But the message assumes that it is within
the constitutional competency of the President
to make peace with the insurrectionary States.
It assumes this without the slightest recogni-
tion in any of its pages or paragraphs of the
power or duty of Congress to legislate on this
most important subject. In fact, the message
ignores completely Congress and its authority,
and treats the Executive as the only source of
power over the conquered States. It does not
consult or offer to consult Congress at all on
the subject of reconstruction, and takes as lit-
tle pains to refer this subject or any branch of
it to Congress, as if there was no Congress ;
but with singular coolness.asks tho two Houses
to judge, each for themselves, of the elections,
returns, and qualifications of their own mem-
bers. I will refer to the message itself. After
stating that he had pursued a certain process
m attempting to restore the rebel States to the
union, that he had done this thing, that, and
the other, the President says:
"The awBndmentto the Constitution being adopted
