Tm CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 81,
alty and are to all "intents and purposes citi-
zens so far,as owning property and doing busi-
ness are concerned, escape all the responsibil-
ities 6f citizens. Not being citizens under the
law, we cannot tax them.
" Mr. JOHNSON. Can you not tax their
l&iwis ?
^ POMEBOY. No, sir. TVe have had the
question in the courts of our State ever since
we have been a State; they have decided some
times one way and sometimes the other, and
aoter it has finally gone to the Supreme Court.
|ylr; J.OHNSON. You have clearly tlie right
to tax property; within the State.
■ Mr. POMEROY. But in the treaties with
the iindians it was provided that the Indian
lands should not be taxed, and that they should
UO± .be incorporated within the limits of any
State, All these questions have been argued
ia- the courts, and it has been generally held
that the lands cannot be taxed, although the
supreme' court of my State at its last term did
hold that they were subject to taxation. To
settle the whole matter, I should be very glad
to have a provision of this kind in some bill.
If the Senator from Illinois thinks it will em-
harass this bill, I would not press it here.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope it will not be
pressed here.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am requested to say by
the Senator from Kansas, who offered this par-
ticular amendment, that it would be very agree-
able to him to have the Senate postpone action
.upon it until he could return to the Chamber,
he having been called away a short time since
on business, expecting to be back in about an
hour.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There will be an oppor-
tunity to oifer it again in the Senate. I hope
it will not be adopted now. We are in Com-
mittee of the Whole, and if the Senator desires
to have a vote upon the question in the Senate,
he can offer the amendment again.
, Mr. POMEROY. I think we had better
vote on it in the Senate when my colleague is
in his seat.
s. Mr. TRUMBULL. Does the Senator feel
authorized to withdraw the amendment? If
• not. I ask that a vote be taken upon it.
Mr, POMEROY. I would rather have it
withdrawn now, and then let us have the vote
taken on it in the Senate when it is offered
again.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No person
is competent to withdraw an amendment in the
absence of the mover. It must be disposed of
by vote of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That vote now deter-
mines nothing; the amendment can be offered
again in the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am not sure that I am
not authorized to withdraw the amendment from
what the Senator from Kansas said to mo. He
did not oxaetly authorize me to withdraw the
amendment, but he expressed the wish that,
there should be no vote taken upon it in his
absence, and if that cannot be avoided except
by withdrawing the amendment, I think I am
authorized to ask permission of the Senate in
his behalf to withdraw it.
Mr. POMEROY. It can be offered again in
the Senate even if voted down now.
Mr. JOHNSON. I know, but then there is
a vote against ii.
, The PRESIDING OFFICER. In the opin-
ion of the Chair the mover of a proposition can-
not authorize another person to act in his stead
to withdraw it. That can only be done by the
mover himself, or by vote of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We can pass upon the
amendment and reject it without a division.
That does not prejudice it or affect it at all
when offered again in the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will put the question on the amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. HENDERSON. It struck me yesterday
while we were speaking of the original amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Kansas, who
is not present, that it accomplished all that he
,desired, and I think now that it does. If the
Senator from Illinois "Who has charge of this
bill has no objection to it, I suggest that we
adopt the amendment in the form in which it
was presented yesterday.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is the very thing
that I proposed before.
Mr. HENDERSON. I think the Senator's
objections are perfectly good against the amend-
ment as it now stands, though I differ from him
in his construction of the amendment as pres-
ented yesterday. I think that when an Indian
withdraws from the tribal authority, according
to the amendment of the Senator from Kansas
as offered yesterday, and purchases land, and
lives separate and free from thetribal authority,
he would become a citizen although he may
have grown to the years of manhood under tribal
authority. I think the amendment will accom-
plish that purpose, and if the Senator from Mary-
land has authority to act in the premises, I sug-
gest that he withdraw the amendment as it now
stands and then offer it in the other form, or is
it now in order to move it in that form?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is
now before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole. After it shall have been reported to
the Senate it will be open to further amend-
ment, and this proposition may be again moved.
Mr. POMEROY. The amendment itself as
it now stands is an amendment to an amend-
ment, and therefore a further amendment is not
now in order.
Mr. HENDERSON. We can vote down the
amendment to the amendment, and then adopt
the other amendment to which I have referred,
and I suggest that that course bo adopted.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on the amendment moved hythe Senator
from Illinois.
Mr. POMEROY. I move now to amend the
amendment by inserting the same language
which was proposed by my colleague yesterday.
I move to insert the words " tribal authority"
after the word "Power."
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is no objection to
that.
Mr. JOHNSON. That will not accomplish
the purpose, as 1 think. These persons who hold
lands in Kansas went there long subsequent to
their birth, as I suppose, and they were born
subject to tribal authority. As I understand the
amendment, if adopted in the shape in which it
is now proposed, no Indians that were born sub-
'jeet to tribal authority, no matter what maybe
their present condition, will be made citizens.
If the word "now" were inserted before the
word "subject," perhaps it would answer the
purpose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ As this is an
amendment to an amendment, it is not open to
a third proposition of amendment. The ques-
tion must be taken upon the words as moved by
the mover.
Mr. GUTHRIE. I think that when a per-
son who is not a citizen becomes a citizen of
the United States there is an obligation on each
side. When a foreigner becomes a citizen we
have been in the habit of requiring his assent
and application to the assumption of the respon-
sibilities of a citizen. Now, the intention obvi-
ously is to extend the list of citizens farther,
without asking the assent of the persons over
whom you propose to extend these responsi-
bilities. I do not think that is exactly proper
legislation. In the ease of foreigners we re-
quire them to apply to the courts, and declare
on oath their willingness and desire to become
citizens. I am not willing to vote to impose
.the duties of citizenship upon these persons
/without theirconsent. Here is a provision that
Indians shall become citizens of the United
States without their consent or the consent of
those exercising authority over them. I can-
not consent to impose citizenship and its liabil-
ities and responsibilities upon a people without
their assent.
Mr. POMEROY. The argument of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky [Mr. Guthrie] applies with
equal force to the whole bill. He objects to
conferring citizenship upon the Indian because
the Indian has not consented to it. That argu-
ment will apply with equal force to the whole
bill. It proposes to make citizens of the col-
ored people of this country. It is an act of legis-
lation in regard to which they have not been
consulted. If the objection applies with any
force against the Indian it does against the
negro, and all the provisions of the bill relat-
ing to him. Rut, sir, I apprehend that the bill
will be found to accomplish its purpose in refer-
ence both to the negro and the Indian. There
is no reason why the two should be separated,
so far as their relation to the Government is
concerned, except in regard to such Indians as
have tribal relations, and are responsible and
amenable to a government of their own.
Mr. CONNESS. I wish to suggest that under
the amendment proposed in reference to In-
dians, the Indians under the control of the
United States upon the public reservation which
are maintained by the United States for their
care an 1 support would thus be made citizens
of the United States. They certainly would
under the amendment as it now stands, with
the further amendment proposed by the Sena-
tor from Kansas; and certainly that cannot be
contemplated. We have in the State of Cali-
fornia public reservations upon which the In-
dians are gathered in considerable numbers.
They have no capacity for citizenship and there
would be no propriety in extending citizenship
to them, but it would be a great public evil and
wrong. They are entirely under the control and
disposition of the United States and its officers;
they are not under the direction of any tribal
authority whatever. They are not excepted by
the amendment, and would become citizens if
they were born in the United States. They
mustbe excepted also, for that portion of them
that live in California, commonly known as
Digger Indians—the term applied to describe
their tribe—is perhaps the lowest class known
of Indians, and utterly and totally unfit to be-
come citizens, apart from their being taken care
of bythe Government. The Senatorfrom Kan-
sas will perceive on the rereading of the amend-
ment that they would be made citizens.
Mr. POMEROY. I was not aware that there
were any Indians on reservations that had no
tribal authority or no tribal organization.
Mr. CON1 ESS. There are.
Mr. POMEROY. Those that I am acquainted
with have always had an organization of their
own. If they have no organization I cannot
understand what officers of the United States
are over them. We send Indian agents to the
tribes, but always where they have an organi-
zation. I have never known any officers of the
United States to have control over Indians
without an organization.
Mr. CONNESS. The Superintendent of In-
dian Affairs and his agents and employes have
control of them. These Indians are brought in
and placed upon reservations. They are cut
off from all connection with their tribes. The
tribes are not allowed to have any connection
whatever with them. They are in all respects
subject to the authority of the agents of the
Government.
Have they no chiefs, no
No, sir ; there is no such
I do not know anything
They have no competency
Mr. POMEROY.
bands'!
Mr. CONNESS.
thing known.
Mr. POMEROY.
about that case.
Mr. CONNESS.
for citizenship.
Mr. RAMSEY. The people of Minnesota,
recognizing the remote possibility of an Indian
being qualified for citizenship, have made pro-
vision by their constitution that Indians having
'acquired the habits of white men, derisively
said to be " the wearing of breeches and drink-
ing whisky," may be admitted by the courts to
citizenship. I am not aware, however, that
there is any one'instanee of the exerciseof this
power by our judiciary. This matter of tribal
government is a very loose and ill-defined thing',
and any law to be practical should he more
definite.
