110
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 13,
Senate.
Apportionment of Representation—Mr, Henderson.
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
President has acted, and his governments are
before us. I asked him during the progress of
reconstruction but one thing, and that was, if
he reconstructed on the rebel vote to recon-
struct on the . negro vote also. It may have
been wrong to do so, but if he had included it,
his governments may have worked more har-
moniously than they do. This is all I ever
asked, all I now ask. There is nothing that I
crave for self or friends at the hands of mortal
man. So much, I thought, could be demanded
of justice, so much be craved in the mercy of
God. [Applause in the galleries.]
The PUESJDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) Order!
Mr. HENDERSON. But if the active rebel
vote had been excluded, I was willing to respect
the constitutions of those States as they existed
before the rebellion, and trust to Union men to
so fix the .franchise—and they would have done
so—as to secure fidelity to the Union and peace
to themselves. If to secure these ends the negro
vote had become essential, it would have been
granted. The Senate will pardon me if I refer
to some remarks made by me at the last session
of Congress on this subject of reconstruction.
I read from volume two, Congressional Globe,
second session, Thirty-Eighth Congress, page
" When citizens of a State rebel and take up arms
against the General Government they lose their rights
as citizens of the United States, and they necessarily
forfeit, those rights and franchises in their respective
States which depend on United States citizenship."
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Srii-
ner] interrupted me during the speech, and in
reply to a question put by him, I said :
"I have already explained my positions on these
subjects. Iam iufavui of the lojal men governing the
State. If that be the government of the few, it results
from the voiuntaty disloyalty of the many. They, of
their own will, relinquish the right to govern them-
selves under the Constitution, and as they have no
lesral rig-Sit to sovcrn otherwise tlicy cannot govern at
all. X can no morecompel them to govern themselves
according to the Constitution than Icancompel aloyal
man to vote who 1 efuses to do so. As to the oligarchy
ot skin or color, I can tell the Senator a train that the
question of suffrage is with tho States. If they confer
the franchise on the negro, I surely do not object.
Mr. President, I say that tho only way to crush out
disloyalty and bring back peace in this country is to
let the loyal men of the seceded States form State gov-
ernments. and let us uphold them. Thatisthemosns
upon which we mustsooncr or later rely to reestablish
peace and restore union."
I do not think that it is necessary to the re-
publican principle that the majority, although
rebels, should govern, and therefore I took issue
with the distinguished Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Wade] at the last session. If a majority of the
people of a State become disloyal,'whv" cannot
the minority rule?
I want State governments, indeed they must
exist or the national Government is incomplete.
Without a State Legislature no State can be
represented in this body. Without a Governor
or Legislature no State can ask for protection
against domestic violence. But if a majority
of qualified voters in a State are disloyal and
are resolved to overthrow the national Govern-
ment, you must destroy their power for mis-
chief. _ Do you destroy their power by leaving
them in possession of the State government,
where they may levy taxes on the loyal men and
use then- money in waging war? You do not
deny the right of the nation to expel from
office, the State officials, whom these men have
put in power to accomplish the objects of their
treason. You do not deny the right of the na-
tion to shoot and kill this majority when it op-
poses your power. You do not hesitate to step
m with military power to protect the loyal mi-
nority against this majority. You admit the
power to remedy. Then why is there no power
to prevent ? We have been told that •' an ounce
of prevention is better than a pound of cure."
Our Constitution, it seems, is made on no such
idea.
Mr. WADE. Will the Senator permit me to
ask him a question'?
Mr. HENDERSON. Certainly; I am seek-
ing light.
Mr. WADE. How, practically, can one tenth
of the people of a State rule that State on re-
publican principles?
Mr. HENDERSON. I am not speaking about
the theoretical idea of republicanism. I am
speaking of republicanism according to the Con-
stitution of the United States, and I know of no
other republicanism in a legal point of view;
that is, in all my conduct hero I must be guided
by that Constitution. I am sworn to be so guided.
If a majority in a State, opposed to the Federal
Government, have a right to rule, they can se-
cede legally. I admit the theory that all men
should vote in the Stale if it can be carried out.
But even on the subject of republicanism in a
State does the Senator not know that for a
number of years, the majority of the people of
South Carolina have been slaves, who had
no part, lot, or share in the Government? Does
he not know that a majority of the people of
South Carolina and Mississippi—I mean the
slaves—were always debarred of any right in
the Government, either national or State? I
am considering the Constitution as it is, not as
he and I would have it.
Mr. WADE. I said upon republican princi-
ples, not aristocratical principles, for I know that
one man could govern a State on those prin-
ciples.
Mr. HENDERSON. South Carolina was one
of the original thirteen. Let me ask the Sen-
ator if South Carolina had not a republican con-
stitution, in the eye of the supreme law, the
Constitution of the United States?
Mr. WADE. No ; she never had.
Mr._ HENDERSON. _ Then was there an
error in the understanding of our forefathers;
they certainly must have deceived themselves
when they made the instrument.
Mr. WADE. They were mistaken.
Mr. HENDERSON, Thatmaybe. Ourfore-
fathers may have made many mistakes. I have
no doubt they did. One of them I would cor-
rect, and that is what we are considering. They
made a mistake in leaving slavery to exist at
all. But they did leave it, and it brought war.
I thinlc if we leave wrong to fester, again, some-
time in the future, we shall have another war.
Mr. WADE. I am with you there.
Mr. HENDERSON. I hope you will be with
me in many things. But all this is outside of
the question. I submit to the Senator, have the
disloyal men in a State the right to govern, if
they are in a majority?
Mr. TV ADE. In my judgment they have not.
Mr. HENDERSON. Then have not the loyal
minority the right to erect a State government?
Mr. WADE. My opinion is that where only
one tenth of the population of any State are
loyal, that that State is in such a condition that
it cannot govern itself upon republican princi-
ples.
Mr. HENDERSON. Suppose there are live
hundred only, less than half in the State of Ten-
nessee or the State of North Carolina, who arc
loyal: will the Senator govern that State for
alteime by military authority as a province of
the Government of the United States rather
than let the loyal minority make a State gov-
ernment for themselves? If we were to do that,
we might pervert and overturn our whole re-
publican system. We cannot afford to keep
large standing armies for such a purpose, unless
we intend to destroy our own liberties. Then
let us permit the loyal minority to govern. In
Missouri one third, if not more, of our entire
population, has been disfranchised by the new
constitution of the State, and some say that a
majority have been disfranchised by it if en-
forced. Will he turn away Missouri from rep-
resentation here, if it be ascertained that a ma-
jority of her people are disfranchised'' The
people have voted on it and have made it the
law of the State; and any man who cannot fake
the oath prescribed in it, of course cannot vote ;
and if it should turn out that a majority of the
people have been disfranchised, the Senator
from Ohio must drive me from the Senate
because Missouri is not a republican State.
Mr. WADE. I apprehend that the rebels
will try to drive you out.
Mr. HENDERSON. It is the duty of the
Government of the United States to recognize
the loyal people of a State; let them form a
constitution, and when that is done, admit them
here, and when you have admitted them, pro-
tect them, if necessary, by the military authority
of the country. Did you not protect Rhode
Island a few years ago in the very same way?
There is no doubt that a majority of the people
of Rhode Island were in favor of the Dorr gov-
ernment. Nobody doubted it, and yet this
Government maiutained the minority there,
because it was the established government.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let me ask the Senator
whether a military force would not be necessary
in order to protect and sustain the government
of a minority?
Mr. HENDERSON, I have felt the diffi-
culty that the Senator presents: I have thought
of this question much; I might answer him bv
saying that when a majority are disloyal and the
minority are without State government, you
need a much larger army. For all then is "an-
archy. If you have a State government, you
have eivil rules at least, and machinery to dis-
pense justice. Hence you have order. If in
the one case you have to use an armj-, in the
other your army may be smaller, because the
civil power gives its assistance. Again, the
State may soon furnish its own police. It is
much better for the people of each State to have
their own police than for us to send an army
among them. Military power is dangerous in
peace. If it has to be used let it be in aid of
law. If the rebel majority make the law you
cannot aid it, and you have not only to over-
throw the State law, but you must enforce an
adverse policy. That, too, must be done bv
courts-martial and not by courts-civil. That is
the very difficulty the President now has with
his new organizations. They are not animated
by the spirit of the loyal minority, but by the
rebel majority. This is the mistake, and the
great mistake.
The country wants the Union restored. Mam-
good men are astonished everywhere that the
Representatives are not admitted. The Pres-
ident committed himself to his plan of recon-
struction, and his pride demands that he should
succeed. Ihe country is greatlv indebted to
the President for the much he has done in se-
curing, at least, outward manifestations of loy-
alty by the people of the South. It will be
remembered that almost every act of conven-
tion or Legislature, overthrowing the traditions
and heresies of treason, have been secured by
the direct interference of the President. Tho
abolishment of slavery, the adoption of the
constitutional amendment, the repudiation of
the rebel debt, nullifying the ordinances of se-
cession, and giving"civil rights to the freedmen*
may all be traced to that interference. If none
but loyal men had been represented in those
conventions, these and many other proper
things might have been done without that dic-
tation by the President, which upsets the entire
theory of nis plan. Ihe President hus enthe
confidence in theseorganizalions. because, per-
haps. they have done ail he asked them to do,
and promise to do more if he demands it. He
does not ask them to give suffrage to the ne^ro,
and although it is and ever will be against their
own interest to deny it. yet, as they have ever
(lone, they consult prejudice rather than right
or interest, and promise all except that. Tliev
would give that, if the President had asked it".
Hut fie was personally, perhaps, opposed to it,
and at once the Constitution rose up in his way,
and though he could attach any condition to
pardon, and require other things in the judg-
ment of some men much worse, though he could
dictate other measures and did dictate, vet this
would be a dangerous usurpation of power. If
