1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2551
it would remain for the States, whose power has been
so long in abeyance, to resume their places in the two
branches of the national Legislature, and thereby
complete the work of restoration."
And this is all he says of the power of the
Congress gfchc United States to legislate or
in any waPB act upon the question of the_ re-
admission of the insurrectionary States into
Congress. It is a plain and undisguised as-
sumption that he, and he alone, has imparted
to them the legal right to be again represented
in Congress.
To make this certain he adds:
" Here it is for you, fellow-eitizens of the Senate,
and for you, fellow-citizens of the House of Repre-
sentatives, to judge, each of you for yourselves, of
the elections, returns, and qualifications of your own
members."
Sir, had the seceding States been out of the
Union for four years without war, had not a
blow been struck nor a soldier marched against
them, and had they seen fit to come back into
the Union quietly, peacefully, and of their own
accord, the message could not have been more
silent as to the effect of the war upon their
condition. On the part of the President of
the United States the claim is put forth that
he, and he only, has the right to resort to the
measures necessary for the reconstruction of
the States, and he has assumed, solely in vir-
tue of the executive authority, to appoint pro-
visional governors, without sanction of law—
for there is no law nor a part of a law that
authorizes him to appoint them—to impart to
them power to convoke conventions and to
give to those conventions certain power over
the reformation of State constitutions, power
to enact laws, power to call together Legisla-
tures, and, in short, to cover the whole field
of State legislation ; and after having done all
this he very coolly and very condescendingly
says to Congress, "It now remains for you,
gentlemen of the Senate, and for you, gentle-
men of the House of Representatives, to judge''
—of what? Of the fituess of the States for re-
admission? No, sir. To judge of anything
else? No, sir; but simply and solely to judge
of the elections and qualifications of the Sen-
ators and Representatives that may have been
elected from these States thus reconstructed
under the executive decree. There is a com-
plete denial on the part of the Executive of
any authority in Congress to interfere, to inter-
meddle, or to regulate in any manner whatever
the internal concerns of the insurrectionary
States, or to take any^ step with regard to their
internal policy or their internal legislation.
To show that I am not incorrect in this, and
in order that the country may be made aware
of what the President has actually done under
this high claim of power, I beg to call the
attention of Senators to the circular letter
addressed by Mr. Johnson soon after the
cessation of actual hostilities to the various
provisional governors of the insurrectionary
States. I have hero the commission which he
issu.ed to his numerous provisional governors.
He, the President of the United States, as-
sumes, of his own motion, without authority
of Congress, without calling together Congress,
or in any way^ consulting or proposing to con-
sult them, to issue to each of these provisional
governors this imperial commission, assuming
to grant full legislative authority over the con-
quered States. After reciting in very labori-
ous phrase the fact that he is President of th 
United States, that he is Commander-in-Chief
of the Array and Navy, and adding what is not
contained in the Constitution or the laws of
the land, that he also is " chief civil executive
officer of the United States," he says :
"Now, therefore, in obedience to the high and
solemn duties imposed upon me by the Constitution
of the United States"—
I call the attention of the especial friends of
the President to this singular language, and I
shall ask them to explain it before this discus-
sion ceases—
"Now, therefore, in obedience to the high and
solemn duties imposed upon me by the Constitution
of the United Slates, and for the purpose of enabling
the loyal people of said Stale to organize a State
government, whereby justice may be established,
domestic tranquillity insured, and loyal citizens pro-
tected in all their rights of life, liberty, and property,
I, Andrew Johnson, President of the United States,
and Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy of
the United States, do hereby appoint A B {this is
directed to Governor Holden] provisional governor
of the Stato of North Carolina, whose duty it shall
be, at the earliest practicable period, to prescribe
such rules and regulations as may be necessary and
proper for convening a convention composed of dele-
gates to be chosen by that portion of the people of
said Stato who are loyal to the United States, and no
others, for the purpose of altering or amending the
constitution thereof, and with authority to exercise,
within the limits of said State, all the powers neces-
sary and proper to enable such loyal people of the
State of North Carolina to restore said State to its
constitutional relations to the Federal Government,
and to present such a republican form of Stato gov-
ernment as will entitle the State to the guarantee of
the United States therefor, and its people to protec-
tion by the United States against invasion, insurrec-
tion, and domestic violence."
The authority conveyed by this commission
is perfectly plenary, perfectly boundless in its
scope and extent—1' authority to exercise within
the limits of said State all the powers necessary
and proper to enable such loyal people to re-
store said State to its constitutional relations
to the Federal Government."
Now, sir, I ask, under what clause of the
Constitution of the United States is it that the
President derives this boundless and undefined
authority he has thus assumed to impart to his
provisional governor? I assert that no such
power is granted by the Constitution. There
is nothing of the kind in it. As well might
the President of the United States, in case of a
conquest by the armies of the United States
of a foreign country in the prosecution of a
foreign war, assume to appoint a provisional
governor and give him full power to call to-
gether a convention of the conquered people,
to authorize that convention to frame a consti-
tution for that people, to authorize them to
elect a legislative body to enact laws, and,
indeed, to launch and put in motion the whole
machinery of civil government in a foreign
land conquered by our arms, and to impart
to the community thus framed and fashioned
the right to be represented in the two Houses
of Congress as one of the .States of the Union,
as to assume to give his provisional governors
in the insurrectionary district the like authority.
Understand me, Mr. President; I do not
assert that there was no necessity in the rebel
States to make some provision against anarchy
and for the preservation of order. I do not
assert that a conquered people is to bo left
entirely to the results of war, anarchy, blood-
shed, and private rapine. The laws of war
and the laws of nations provide for the pres-
ervation of order and protection of private
rights; and the general in the field is bound to
afford this protection. That is by no means
the question. The question is, what power
has the President of the United States over
the subject of legislation in the conquered
country? Has the President of the United
States this most important^ power? Is he the
only legislative authority in the land whose
duty it is to see to it that loyal governments
are established, or does it belong to Congress?
That is the point. I maintain that the power
belongs to Congress, and to Congress alone.
How was the necessity produced of any inter-
ference of this kind on the part of the United
States? How has it happened that provisional
governors became necessary? It was by the
results of war. Who carried on the war? Was
it the President? Who raised the Army? Who
armed, clothed, disciplined, officered, drilled
them? Congress, and not the President.
Sir, this claim of legislative authority on the
part of the President, a claim perfectly distinct
and outspoken so far as he is concerned, is,
in my judgment, one of the most enormous
usurpations of the power of Congress ever
attempted; and if the Congress of the United
States at this moment, the most momentous
in the history of this Government, shall wink
at the assumption, if they shall not stand up
in their places here and manfully and reso-
lutely assert their constitutional power over
the whole-subject, I look forward to the time
when the will of the Executive of this nation
shall become the law of the land, and tha
authority of Congress dwindle in feebleness,
and finally become lost in desuetude and
contempt.
What, sir, was the plain duty of the President
on the cessation of actual hostilities in the spring
of 1865? The Constitution provides that the
President shall, tip on extraordinary occasions,
convoke Congress for the purpose of taking
their advice and enabling them to pass sucn
acts of legislation as may be required. Sir,
has there ever been any occasion in our past
history, is it likely that another occasion will
arise in our futujjj history, more imperiously
calling upon the ^Executive to convoke Con-
gress and submit the whole matter to their
judgment than that occasion? We had been
engaged in one of the most bloody and fero-
cious wars known in history. At least eleven
millions of the people of the United States had
been for four years waging a relentless, wicked,
rebellious war against the Government. The
loyal States had sent to the field uncounted
myriads of their sons to combat the enemy.
There was scarcely a plantation from the Lakes
to the Gulf of Mexico, scarcely a stream of
water throughout the length and breadth of the
land whose banks had not been dyed with the
blood of the faithful or of the rebellious. More
than one half the geographical extent of our
territory lying east of the liocky mountains
had been in the acknowledged possession of
the rebellion. We had sacrificed untold mil-
lions of dollars in the prosecution of the war
to uphold the authority of the Copstitution,
ancfthere was hardly a household throughout
the loyal North in which there were not tears
of lamentation over the loss of some dear one
who had bravely gone to the field and sacrificed
his life under the folds of the old flag. At the
North we were divided by political parties.
We had in our midst a party who had openly
declared against the further prosecution of the
war and pronounced it a failure, a party who
for long anxious months were on the very eve
of taking up arms also against the Govern-
ment and acting as the allies of the rebels.
The whole country, from center to circumfer-
ence, was convulsed and thrown almost into
anarchy by these great and perilous events.
Our relations with foreign Powers had also
become greatly entangled, and there was never
an occasion when it was so necessary to call
Congress together, take their advice, and appeal
to them for proper legislation; and yet Mr.
Johnson, acting 1 know not under whose advice,
assumed to himself tlTe whole task of restoring
what he calls peace, and of reconstructing the
rebel States, without convocation of the repre-
sentatives of the States and the people, in utter
disregard of their authority or the measures of
legislation which they might think demanded
by the public safety.
I complain of this course of conduct on the
part of the Executive because I believe it to
be a usurpation of the authority which per-
tains, not to him, but to Congress; and here is
the gist of the controversy; here is the bone of
contention. Mr. Johnson, backed by certain
advisers, says to the country and to Congress,
"The executive power is sufficient in the prem-
ises; the executive power has recreated and
reconstructed the States; you, gentlemen of
Congress, have nothing to.do with this subject;
you have no power of legislation over it; I, the
Executive, I, Andrew Johnson, assume to my-
self the authority of declaring when a State
is restored to the Union and when it is entitled
to reaefmission by its Senators and Represent-
atives into the Halls of Congress." This is the
point. The policy of Mr. Johnson was plainly-
announced in his opening message. He had,
forsooth, reconstructed the States, and he says
to us, in very condescending terms, "It belongs
to you now, gentlemen of either House, to
judge merely of the qualifications of the mem-
bers who shall be sent to you by my recon-
Now, Mr. President, I come to the question
of what was tho policy of President Lincoln;
and hero I desire the particular attention of
