1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Then, again, Mr. President, there have been
large numbers of roving Indians on our frontier,
and they were the most mischievous of the race,
that were outlaws, refugees from all tribal au-
thority, and recognized no such authority. Un-
der this amendment of the Senator from Illinois,
if it become law, these most obnoxious of all
Indians would be admitted to the inestimable
privilege of citizenship, a thing, of course, not
desired by any member of the Senate, and most
odious to the people of the frontier States and
Territories. *
Mr. President, should this amendment to the
amendment be rejected, I will then, to meet
this difficulty, propose to add these words, " or
Indians not admitted to citizenship by the laws
of any of the States.'' My object is to exclude
all Indians from citizenship except such as the
laws of any one of the States elevate to such a
status.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should be very glad to
accommodate our friends who feel some inter-
est in regard to the Indians located in their
respective States, but the Senate will perceive
how difficult, it is to accommodate the different
interests that are represented here. The Sen-
ator from Kansas desires that the Indians who
have so far separated from their tribes as to
have lands set apart to them severally shall
be declared citizens of the United States. The
Senator from California desires that the Indi-
ans in his State who are placed upon reserva-
tions and are not under tribal authority, as I
understand him, should not be citizens. He
thinks that they have not so far withdrawn from
their wild relation, being fugitives'or refugees,
as they are described by the Senator from Min-
nesota, that they can properly be declared
citizens.
N ow. I should be very glad if our friends would
not embarrass this general bill with provisions
in regard to this particular class of persons. Let
them be legislated for specially. Of course we
cannot declare the wild Indians who do not
recognize the Government of the United States
at all, who are not subject to our laws, with
whom we make treaties, who have their own
regulations, whom we do not pretend to inter-
fere with or punish for the commission of crimes
one upon the other, to 1)0 the subjects of the
United States in the sense of being citizens.
They must be excepted. The Constitution of
the United States excludes them from the enu-
meration of the population of the United States,
when it says that Indians not taxed are to be
excluded. It has occurred to me that perhaps
an amendment would meet the views of all gen-
tlemen, which used these constitutional words,
and said that all persons born in the United
States, excluding Indians not taxed, and not
subject to any foreign Power, shall be deemed
citizens of the United States.
Mr. CONFESS. That will do.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But I do not know that
that would meet the view of the Senator from
Mr. PC)MET!Oy. I do not know but that
it would. All that we ask is that those who
are taxed shall be citizens.
Mr. CONNESS. Then that will meet the
views of nil.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment moved by the Sena-
tor from Kansas to the amendment moved by
the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. CONNESS. I suggest to the Senator
from Kansas at present to withdraw the amend-
ment, and the matter can be considered and
acted upon in the Senate. Then we shall un-
doubtedly be able to adjust the language to suit
all parties.
Mr. POMEROY. I shall be very glad not
to embarrass the bill at this stage, and I with-
draw my amendment to the amendment with
the understanding that I shall move it again in
the Senat" after wo have matured the bill.'
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment to the amendment being withdrawn, the
question recurs 011 the amendment to the first
section of the hill moved by the Senator from
Illinois. It will be the right of the Senator
from Kansas, understanding or no understand-
ing, to move his amendment in the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Iwillmovetoinsertthese
words in the amendment pending—I think they
will perhaps meet the views of all gentlemen—
"excluding Indians not taxed," after the word
'' power.''
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator so modify his amendment?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will so modify it that it
will read "that all persons born in the United
States, and not subject to any foreign Power,
(excludingIndians not taxed,) are hereby de-
clared to be citizens of the United States, with-
out distinction of color."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
has a right to modify his amendment, and the
question is on it as thus modified.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Is it competent for the
Senator from Illinois to make that a part of
his original amendment?
The^PRESIDING OFFICER,. It is compe-
tent for the Senator from Illinois to modify his
own amendment,.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should object to it if
I had the power to do so. I do not like to see
the right of citizenship depend on the question
whether a man is taxed or not. I do not know
that that has ever been done in any Govern-
ment. Citizenship is a very high right. It is
the right to be considered a member of the po-
litical community, and for us to say lhat Indians
or anybody else shall be citizens or not citizens,
dependent upon the question whether tbey pay
taxes, is certainly a very objectionable propo-
sition.
I do not intend to discuss this proposed amend-
ment to the bill. J rose mainly to suggest, to
the Senator from Illnois that he had better leave
out those words. This is a bill for a particular
purpose, as 1 understand from him, to accom-
plish what he thinks is required by the second
section of the amendment to the Constitution.
That second section certainly does not require
that we shall now define citizenship. The dis-
cussion thus far has satisfied me that it is avery
difficult thing to do so. The framors of the
Constitution did not, undertake to do it; the
legislators of the Government up to this time
have not undertaken it; and an examination of
the works upon the subject, and of those that
treat incidentally of the subject, satisfies me
that it, is a difficult thing to define citizenship.
I do not want to see it cheapened in this coun-
try. In times past, to be called an American
citizen was a very proud title. Now, if we are
going to change it, if we are going to extend it
to Indians, who have never been regarded as
citizens, I think we should do it in a separate
bill where the whole subject can be fully con-
sidered. It is not germane to this bill, and
I suggest to the Senator that he will avoid
trouble himself in the management of his bill
and relieve the Senate'fiom embarrassment by
leaving it off the bill altogether.
Air. TRUMBULL. My own opinion is that
all these persons born in the United States and
under its authority, owing allegiance to the
United States, are citizens without any act of
Congress. They are native-horn citizens. That
is my judgment about it; but there is a differ-
ence of opinion upon that subject. The Sena-
tor from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] thinks differ-
ently, and some of the courts in the southern
States have held differently. The recent At-
torney General gave it as his opinion that free
persons of color were citizens at the time of
the adoption of the Constitution, and are now.
The Senator from Kentucky, who has based
his argument and his hour's speech upon the
supposition that negroes cannot be citizens be-
cause they were not citizens when the Consti-
tution of the United States was adopted, has
forgotten the history of the country. By the
Articles of Confederation free persons of color
were citizens, just as much citizens as white
persons. The fourth of the fundamental Ar-
ticles of the Confederation was as follows:
" The free inhabitants of each of these States, pau-
pers, vagabonds, and fugitives from justice excepted,
shall ho entitled to all the privileges and immunities
of free citizens in the several State."
That was one of the Articles of Confederation^ *
be citizens of the several States; and when
that clause was under consideration in the con-
vention which adopted the Articles of Confed-
eration it was moved to insert the word'' white
and this meets the precise question put by the
Senator from Kentucky. He wants to know if
the southern States would have submitted to
have Africans or negroes made citizens. Thsy
did submit to it, and there were only two States
opposed to it. On the 25th of June, 1778; the
Articles of Confederation being under consider-
ation by the Congress, the delegates from Soulh
Carolina moved to amend this fourth article by
inserting after the word "free" and before the
word "inhabitants" the word "white," so that
the privileges and immunities of general citizen-
ship would be secured only to white persons.
Two States voted for the amendment, eight
States voted against it, and the vote of one
State was divided.
Now, is there any question or could there be
an}', that free persons of color were citizens
under the Articles of Confederation? How
was it in North Carolina ? I happen to have be-
fore me the report of the decision made in 4
Dcvereux's and Battle's Reports, in the case of
The State vs. Manuel, in which the opinion was
delivered by Judge Gaston. He says:
"According to the laws of this State, all human
beings within it, who are not slaves, fall within one
of two classcs. Whatever distinctions may have
existed in tho Roman laws between citizens and free
inhabitants, they are unknown to our institutions.
Before our Revolution, all free persons born within
the dominions of the King of Great, Britain, whatever
their color or complexion, were native-born British
subjects—those born out of his allegiance were aliens.
Slavery did not exist in England, but it did in the
British colonies. Slaves were not ill legal parlance
persons, but property. The moment the incapacity,
the disqualification of slavery, Was removed, they
became persons, and were then either British subjects,
or not British subjects, according as they were or were
not bom within the allegiance of the British king.
Upon the Revolution no other change took place in
the laws of North Carolina than was consequent on
the transition from acolony dependent on a European
king to a free and sovereign State. Slaves remained
slaves. British subjects in North Carolina became
North Carolina freemen. Foreigners, until made
members of the State, remained aliens. Slaves man-
umitted here became freemen ; and, therefore, if born
within North CarolinaarecitizensofNorth Carolina,
and all free persons born within the State are born
citizens of the State. The constitution extended the
elective franchise to every freeman who had arrived
at the age of twenty-one, and paid a public tax; and
it is a matter of universal notoriety, that under it free
persons without regard to color claimed and exercised
the franchise, until it was taken from free men of
color a few years since by our amended constitution."
This is from the opinion of a court in North
Carolina, and that opinion is referred to in sub-
sequent decisions of the courts in North Caro-
lina with approbation. The Senator from Ken-
tucky says if they are already citizens by the
Constitution, why do you declare it in a law?
/We often pass laws to remove doubts, and I
should like to remove the doubt even from
the mind of the Senator from Kentucky, if that
were possible.
But the Senator from Indiana objects that
this amendment as now proposed, including
Indians not taxed, is an invidious distinction.
He does not want to see this idea of property
introduced into the law as a requisite for citi-
zenship : he would not recognize property as
giving this high privilege of being an American
citizen. The Constitution of the United States
has used this language in regard to the Indians.
The Indians have separate governments of their
own. They do not recognize nor are they made
subject to the laws of the United States. They
make and administer their own laws; they are
not counted in our population; they are not
represented in our Government; and the Con-
stitution of the United States in determining
who shall be represented says :
" Representatives and direct taxes snail be appor-
tioned among the several States which may be in-
cluded within thisUnion according to their respective
numbers, which shall be determined by adding to the
whale number of free persons, including those bound
to service for a term of years, and excluding Indians
not taxed, three fifths of all other persons."
Doesthe Senator fromlndiana want the wild,
roaming Indians not taxed, not subject to our
