1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3511
entered on duty within the land districts to
which they may be appointed.
The third section proposes to enact that
the preemption, homestead, and general laws
for the disposal of the public l&nds shall be
extended to the several land districts named,
but not to embrace mineral lands.
The fourth section provides that a surveying
district comprising the Territories of Arizona
and'Utah be created, and that the President
be authorized, in the manner before specified,
to appoint a surveyor general for the district
whose compensation shall be §3,000 per an-
num, with such an allowance as shall be ap-
proved by the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, not exceeding $5,000 per annum
for clerk hire, and $3,000 for rent, pay of
messenger, and incidental expenses.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed avid read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. GLOSSBRENNER moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
surveying district is montana.
Mr. GLOSSBRENNER, from the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, reported back a bill (H.
R. No. 187) erecting the Territory of Mon-
tana into a separate surveying district, and for
other purposes, with a recommendation that
it pass.
The bill, which was read at length, provides
for erecting the Territory of Montana into a
surveying distiict. The President of the United
States is authorized to appoint a surveyor gen-
eral for the district, who shall hold his office at
such place as the Secretary of the Interior may
direct. The location may be changed from
time to time when in the opinion of the Secre-
tary of the Interior the public interest may re-
quire it. The powers, duties, obligations, re-
sponsibilities, and compensation ofthe surveyor
general are to be the same as now prescribed
by law for the surveyor general of Oregon,
with a proper allowance for clerk hire, office
rent, and fuel, not exceeding what is now or
may hereafter be allowed by law to the sur-
veyor general of Oregon. It is also provided
that the surveyor general of Montana shall reside
within the Territory.
Mr. PRICE. I desire to inquire of the gen-
tleman who reports this bill whether the Ter-
ritory of Montana is not now attached to an-
other Territory for surveying purposes, and
whether the Territory to which it is attached
has not had all the available land surveyed,
leaving nothing for the surveyor general there
to do, except what is to bo done in Montana.
Mr. GLOSSBRENNER. The nearest land
office to Montana is that near the Yankton res-
ervation; in the southeastern corner of Dakota,
sonic eight hundred miles from the northwest-
ern extremity of Montana. The Commissioner
of the General Land Office favors the creation
of a surveying district in Montana to facilitate
and expedite the surveys of public lands, lie
thinks it is now too remote for the convenient
transaction of business.
Mr. PRICE. From information I have on
that subject, I am induced to believe the only
business for a surveyor to do in that region of
country now is in Montana, and the two Ter-
ritories being joined together for surveying pur-
poses, this is a work of supererogation, to say
the least of it. It is to create an additional
office, with the expense of clerks and all the
other expenses attached to the office of a sur-
veyor general. It will be that much more than
is necessary for doing the work. If that be the
case, then this bill ought not to pass. If the
surveyor general in Dakota has not more work
to do than he can do—which I believe to be the
case—in both Territories 
Mr. GLOSSBRENNER. That is a question
which would arise on a proposition to discon-
tinue the office in Dakota.
Mr. PRICE. If we have a surveyor gen-
eral in Dakota to do the surveying for Montana
as well as for Dakota, and this "Government is
paying the expense of an office, of clerks, and
all the expenses incident to the office of a sur-
veyor general, and nothing is being done, then
we ought not to pass this bill. If there is no
work in Dakota, then let him go to Montana
where there is work to be done.
Mr. GLOSSBRENNER; If there he no
work done or to be done in Dakota, then let
the land office there be abolished ; but do not
therefore deprive Montana of an office, where
it is imperatively required by the need of the
people and the interests of the Government.
Mr. PRICE. If the gentleman will attach
that to the bill, then it will remove an objec-
tionable feature to it—abolish the office in the
other Territory, or let the surveyor general do
the work of both Territories, for which he has
ample time and for which the Government has
provided ample compensation. I think we are
incurring an additional expense entirely unne-
cessary.
Mr. ASITLEY, of Ohio. Has this bill been
reported from the Committee on the Public
Lands?
Mr. ECKLEY. Yes, sir; and it lias been
recommended by the Commissioner of the
General Land Office.
- Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Having been in
the Territory myself, I am satisfied the estab-
lishment of a land office in Idaho is absolutely
necessary.
Mr. PRICE. This is not for Idaho; it is for
Montana,
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. It is still more
necessary there even than in Idaho. 1 will say
further, from my observation I believe every
Territory should have a surveyor general ap-
pointed and resident in the Territory, in the
Territory of Utah there are no public lands sur-
veyed; surveys have been returned, but there
are no public lands open for sale in Utah and
no land office there, although the Territory lias
been settled for eighteen years.
Mr. PRICE. We are not talking about Utah.
Mi-. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I am showing the
necessity for the establishment of a land office
in every Territory. In Montana there is a pop-
ulation of thirty thousand, and it is increasing
very fast. There are cities and towns in Terri-
tories of four and five thousand people. In
some there has never been a foot of public
land surveyed and sold, and those cities are
built upon squatter rights; and the interests
of the Government as well as "those of our citi-
zens therefore demand early surveys, so that
these lands may be brought into market at once.
The gentleman from Towa lives upon the front-
ier and ought to know it, would cost more for
the surveyor general of Dakota to go with his
" kit" any time during the last five years from
the capital of Dakota to the capital of Montana
than to establish a land office in Montana.
Mr. PRICE. Is not the present surveyor
general able to survey both Territories?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. No, sir; ho is not.
Mr. PRICE. Is there any more surveying
to bo done there than there was two years ago ?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Certainly. There
are on the way to Montana more than twenty
thousand people. Two years ago the Territory
was organized with scarcely any population,
and when I was there last summer there were
at least twenty-five thousand people in the
Territory.
Mr. PRICE. I donotdoubtbut what there
are a great many people in Montana and a
great many more to go; and there is just as
much land there now as there was fifteen years
ago, and I presume it is likely to remain.
What I maintain is, that there is no surveying
going on in Dakota at all, and the surveyor
general who has Montana under his control
and direction can do all the surveying in Mon-
tana. If I am right in that, then we ought not
to pass this bill. If I am mistaken in that, and
it can be clearly shown that tlio surveyor gen-
eral's time is taken up in Dakota so that he
cannot do what is required in Montana, that
puts a different face on the matter. But that
is not the fact, so far as my information goes,
and I have obtained it from different sources.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I demand the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
virginia land-warrants.
Mr. ECKLEY, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported adversely on House bill
No. 109, allowing the further time of five years
to those owning land-warrants issued by the
State of Virginia to her officers and soldiers of
the Virginia line on continental establishment
to enter and survey the same; and it was laid
on the table.
military roads in oregon.
Mr. ECKLEY, from the same committee,
reported back, with amendments, Senate bill
No. 09, granting lands to the State of Oregon
to aid in the construction of a military road from
Albany, Oregon, to the eastern boundary of said
State.
The amendments reported by the committee,
which were of a verbal character, were agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to a
third reading; and it was accordingly read the
third time and passed.
Mr. ECKLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. ECKLEY, from the same committee,
reported back, with amendments, Senate bill
No. 68, granting lands to the State of Oregon
to aid in the construction of a military road from
Corvallis to Aquina bay.
The amendments reported by the committee
which were of a verbal character, were agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
read the third time ; and was accordingly read
the third time and passed.
Mr. ECKLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had agreed to the amendments of the House
to the bill (S. No. 37) making a grant of land
in alternate sections to aid in the construction
and extension of the Iron Mountain railroad
from Pilot Knob, in the State of Missouri, to
Helena, in Arkansas.
Also, that the Senate had passed acts of the
following titles, in which the concurrence of the
House was requested:
An act (S. No. 385) for the relief of Thomas
W. Stevens; and
An act (S. No. 357) to aid in the construc-
tion of telegraph lines, and to secure to the
Government the use of the same for postal,
military, and other purposes.
consolidation op land offices.
Mr. ECKLEY. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, to whom was re-
ferred a resolution of the House asking for
the consolidation of the land offices in several
States, to report a bill consolidating land
offices in the States of Alabama, Florida,
Louisiana, Mississippi, and Arkansas.
The bill was read a first and second time.
The first section provides for one land office
in Alabama, to be located at Montgomery; one
in Florida, to be located at Tallahassee; One
