1866.]
APPENDIX ~I0 THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ill
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Apportionment of Representation—Mr. Henderson.
Senate.
three and a half million men were disfranchised
and robbed of all political power, there was no
usurpation in that, no tyranny, no danger to
the republican principle. ,
Some members of Congress arc afraid that
these organizations are a kind of Grecianhorse;
that they are full of armed men, and when once
in the citadel they may rush forth and open the
gates to the returning Democracy. hether
there are any armed men in them or not, the
Democrats think so, and they demand imme-
diate recognition. They have stimulated the
President's pride, and he interprets these very
reasonable fears of his friends as a reflection
upon his loyalty and integrity. All that now
exists between the President and Congress
comes from this simple statement. The Pres-
ident is willing to trust them now. Congress
asks time to look in and see if there is any dan-
ger. The. President admits that,Congress has
a right to do so, but those who opposed his elec-
tion and who have opposed his policy up to this
moment tell him that this is an attack on his
Administration.
Finally, the Senatorfrom Massachusetts, [Mr.
Scmxeb,] always doing some imprudent thing,
I cannot always be near him to tell him better,
[laughter,] makes his whitewashing speech, and
then the President sees a conspiracy against his
policy. Parties are busy attempting to widen
the breach, and on last Saturday a deputation
comes up from the Virginia Legislature bring-
ing to the President resolutions of that body,
indorsing his reconstruction policy, but saying
nothing about fealty to the Constitution or loy-
alty to the Government. Mr. Baldwin, the
spokesman of the delegation, in presenting the
resolutions, said :
"The people of Virginia and their representatives
accept tne result and abide by the consequences of
the late contest."
•'Accept" and " abide by!" " Chief among
the results," he said—
" is the universal conviction that the Union of these
States is an established fact. We recognize this Gov-
ernment as our Government, its Constitution and the
rights which it promises as our rights."
It was their Government in 1801. The Con-
stitution, save and excepting slavery, was then
as it now is, and the rights it secured are no
more sacred than in 1861, when the Gosport
navv-yard was destroyed and Harper's Ferry
was surrendered to rebel soldiers. If those
rights are more sacred, it is simply because the
negro is now entitled to freedom. But Mr.
Baldwin says, further:
" Another great result is the final overthrow of sla-
very. This has been concluded by constitutional
amendment. The Genera! Assembly of the State of
Vir^imais engaged earnestly in consideration of these
subjects, and we can only say that whatever policy
may bo adopted will be for the moral culture and im-
provement of the condition of the froedmen; and to
treat them with harshness and injustice is against our
feelings."
Mr. Baldwin says that great results have
flowed from the war. and one of the greatest is
the overthrow of slavery. Virginia accepts this
result and recognizes the Government as her
Government, and the Constitution thus changed
as her Constitution. We are here assured that
Virginia has gone to work to secure the "moral
culture' of the negro and to ''improve'' his
condition. If this be so, it is a little strange
that. General Terry interferes by military order
to set aside a solemn act of that Legislature,
designed, as he says, to sell all the negroes into
slavery again under the pretext of vagrancy.
But if the Virginia Legislature, in the process
of reorganization, can busy itself in matters per-
taining to the moral culture of the negro and
the inipiovement of his condition as a citizen
of the country, why is it that the national Le-
gislature, through which, against the bloody
protest of Virginia, the negro has become free,
cannot aid and assist the reconstructed Virginia
Legislature, in this humane and commendable
work, without being held up all over the coun-
try as radicals, Jacobins, and Red Republicans ?
If Mr. Baldwin can accept the freedom of the
slave, why cannot he accept that wliich will keep
him free ? I say nothing of the antecedents of
Mr. Baldwin and those who came with him.
Mr. WILSON. Allow me to ask the Senator
if this"Mr. Baldwin is the Mr. Baldwin who was
a member of fhe confederate congress.
Mr. HENDERSON. I think so. Of course
it is the same.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to know if it
is the same Mr. Baldwin who nominated Gen-
eral Lee the other day, as the next Governor of
that State, in the Virginia Legislature.
Mr. HENDERSON. The same man, I think.
Mr. SDMNER. And he has been addressing
the President of the United States!
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not object to his
addressing the President of the United States.
That is not my complaint. Senators run ahead
of me and break up the connection of my
thought. 1 cannot think so much as others, nor
so fast. I was going to say that my objection
consists not in the appearance of Mr. Baldwin
and his associates. 1 would have them come,
and come often. I like to hear expressions in
favor of the Constitution as it now is. I like
to be assured of a returning sense of loyalty.
Congress only asks to be assured of the sincer-
ity of the professions. The President seems
to be satisfied. He commenced, however, with
the work of reconstruction last May. Congress
commenced only in December. When Con-
gress shall have been engaged at the work as
long as the President, it may be equally satis:
fied. One should scarcely be upbraided for a
want of belief in any proposition, unless he has
neglected the opportunities for information.
Conviction in the human mind comes from the
evidences adduced. Before we believe any
proposition, and especially such a proposition
as the sudden conversion of the people of the
seceded States to unaffected and sincere loy-
alty, we should be excused for demanding the
proofs necessary to establish it. I complain
that the President himself being satisfied takes
it for granted that Congress ought to be satis-
fied, and in reply to Mr. Baldwin uses some
expressions that tend to no good. There is no
use of controversy between the Executive and
Congress. I profess to be, and am a friend of
the President's, and shall use no language, even
in expressing differences with him, that may
tend to excite the country against him. His
language in this reply will be interpreted as an
attack upon certain members of Congress, at
the least, and possibly upon Congress itself,
should a difference hereafter spring up between
them.
He says, in effect, that one rebellion has been
put down against the southern men, and now
he intends, if necessary, to put down a rebel-
lion against somebody else. Of course I am
not included in this new conspiracy or rebel-
lion. My friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Guth-
rie,] the other day, in a moment of excitement,
almost threatened the dissolution of the Union
again. This is not oil on the troubled waters.
The President says, in his reply to the Virginia
delegation, as follows:
"The Government, in the assertion of its powers,
and in the maintenance of the principle? of tac Con-
stitution, has taken hold of oneextreme. and with the
strong arm of physical power has put down the rebel-
lion. Now, as weswingaround the circle of the Union
with a fixed and unalterable determination to stand j
by it, if we And the eounteipart or the duplicate of
the same spirit that played to this feeling and these
persons in the South, this other extreme which stands
in the way must get out of it. and the Government
must stand unshaken and unmoved on its basis. The
Government must be preserved."
The Senator can now understand.
Mr. SUMNER. What is the meaning of
that? I do not understand it.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not know that I
understand it, but if I do. it means the rebels
and the radicals have played see-saw, and he
intends to stop it. That is the whole of it. I
want to be plain. I will read the former sen-
tence, however, and then perhaps the Senator
can understand it for himself. The President
says:
" X do not intend-to say anything personal, but yon -
know as well as I do that at the beginning, and, in- *
deed, before the beginning of the recent gigantic
struggle between the different sections of the coun-
try, there were extreme men South, and there were
extreme men North." •
The Senator is one of the extremest I ever
knew; but the President proceeds:
" I might make use of a homely figure (which is
sometimes as good as any other, even in the illustra-
tion of great and important questions) and say that it
has been hammer at one end of the line and anvil at
the other; and this great Government, the best the
world ever saw, was kept upon the anvil and ham-
mered before the rebellion, and it has been hammered
since the rebellion; and there seeing to be a disposi-
tion to continue the hammering until the Government^,
shall bedestroyed. Ihaveopposed that system always,
and I oppose it now."
The Senator will now understand that he is
hammering at the other end of the line, and he
may get hammered soon. [Laughter.]
Mr. SUMNER. I do not understand any-
such thing.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator is slow-
to understand. I hope it comes from conscious
innocence. But, Mr. PresidentKto be serious. •
I deprecate this language, it tends to no good.
It comes, I fear, more from feeling than from
judgment formed on a proper consideration of
the case. Great interests are at stake, and they
who now wield the power of this nation, both
in the executive and legislative departments,
have a grave responsibility on their shoulders.
If mistakes were heretofore made in the organi-
zation of the Government, now is the time to
correct them. Our forefathers were wise men,
perhaps the wisest that any age has given us.
No one doubts their integrity, their unselfish
devotion to true republican principles. If they
had carried out their own repeatedly expressed
convictions on the subject of slavery, this war
of the rebellion would not have come. We all
know that considerations of an early union, the
necessity for protection against foreign Powers,
as well as the supposed immediate demands of
trade and commerce, added to an indisposition
or absolute fear to grapple with the avarice and
prejudice connected with slavery, induced them
in the formation of the Government to ignore
the condition of the African slave.
They mournfully contented themselves with
keeping the word " slave" out of the Consti-
tution. They scorned to sanction, 'by direct
words, its existence, but yet provided, under
another name, that the nation's power should
be used to mend, when broken, the chain of
human bondage. They excused themselves
and the Government they made, by putting the
responsibility on the States. They hoped, in-
deed they expressed the hope, that the States
would soon emancipate, and they framed a
Constitution admirably suited to that condition
of things. Slavery was inconsistent with the
very principle on which thev built. To save
the pain of cutting, they consented to leave one
fiber of the cancer, hoping that nature would
soon heal it. Natare did not heal it, but the
cancer grew from year to year until the whole
body-politic became diseased. The last liv^j
years have been spent in a grand surgical op-
eration to save the life of the patient. Tlie
cancer lias been cut to its roots. The patient .
is suffering, but he is stronger than when the
operation commenced. Who is the timid sur-
geon that would now hesitate to remove the
last particle of disease? If there be one, that
man will be responsible hereafter for much
suffering. Some say, leave it with the States ;
they will cure themselves. The State govern-
ments are a necessary part of the national Gov-
ernment. The President tells us onecannot
exist without the other. They are the limbs of
the human body. Would you partially remove
disease from the arm and then tell the aria to
