1592
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
March 23,
which it did. I dispute the proposition of the
Senator. I say the parliamentary law enabled
the joint meeting to do what it did, in advance
to prescribe the number of votes that should
be required to elect, and I say it on the author-
ity of Cashing, and I know of no authority to
the contrary, i will read a little further:
" Every question which is propounded to a legis-
lative assembly for its determination, and vot6d upon
in auy of the manners described, receives its decision
according to the preponderance of the votes, which,
unless some other rule is expressly prescribed, as
there usually is in each assembly in reference to par-
ticular questions, is ordinarily effected by a majority.
In those cases where the rules or customs of any as-
sembly allow a vote to remain on an equal division,
the decision, as neither side preponderates, is neces-
sarily in the negative. In many eases it is provided,
either by a constitutional requisition or by rulo, that
particular questions, m order to prevail, shall require
more or admit of less than tho oidinary majority in
their favor." '
When the joint meeting by a majority vote
agreed that a plurality should elect, and then
a plurality vote was given, that plurality vote
became the judgment of the majority for the
simple reason that the majority in advance had
agreed that the plurality vote should have the
eifect of a majority vote; and it is upon that
principle that Cushing lays down tho law, for
it is the majority vote in advance prescribing
the mode which gives the force of a majority
vote to the plurality vote when it is given. [
cannot express this so wellas Gushing expresses
it,, and therefore I will read a part of what he
says again:
"Tho law of the majority is universally admitted
in all le^bLuive assemblies, unless in reference to
particular oa^es, persons, or circumstances adifforent
rule is prescribed by some paramount authority"—
The Senator admits that the Legislature act-
ing in its separate branches would bo a para-
mount authority which could prescribe the rule
that a plurality should elect, but the author
goes on:
"or is agreed upon beforehand and established by
tho assembly itself by which a small number i3 per-
mitted or a lai'Rer number required to do some par-
ticular acl. llut ovon in those cases it is the will of
the majority tiiat governs, because it is by a majority
vote in tile lirst instance that the rule itself is estab-
lished. "
If the authority of parliamentary law eon-
trolled that joint meeting, then I say parlia-
mentary law gave to the joint meeting the
power to proscribe tho vote that should control,
and that was done by a resolution adopted by
a majority. Tho joint meeting agreed in ad-
vance that a plurality should clcct; and then
when the plurality vote was given it was the
vote of the majority. Indeed, sir, I may say
it -^as the vote of the body, because the body
had agreed that that should be tho vote of the
body and conclusive upon the question.
But, Mr. President, 1 wish to call the atten-
tion of tiie Seriate to another question in con-
nection with this case. The Constitution of
the United States conferred upon tho Legisla-
ture the power to choose a Senator. The Le-
gislature, it is conceded, could properly confer
the power to choose a Senator upon the joint
meeting, and the joint meeting could then
choose the Sena! or. Congress not having pro-
scribed any regulation of manner, the Legis-
lature having prescribed no regulation of man-
lier, it was left for the joint meeting to choose
a Senator. Now, if the word "choose'' gov-
erns and defines the power of the Legislature
when each branch acts separately, why does it
not define the power of the joint meeting in
doing the very act? The Senator says that the
parliamentary law went into that joint meeting
and governed it. If the Constitution uses the
word " choose," why does not the same par-
liamentary law govern the Legislature in doing
that very act?
Let me call attention now to one or two pro-
visions of the Constitution bearing upon this
point: "The PTouse of Representatives shall
be composed of members chosen every second
year by the people of the several States.'' The
manner of choosing may be prescribed by Con-
gress : it may be prescribed by the Legislature
of the State, but the choice is to be made by
the people. The Senator says that in choosing,
in the absence of a regulation prescribed by
some paramount authority, a majority vote
alone can control. If his construction be right,
tho people in electing a mejnber to the House
of Representatives must elect by a majority
vote, because the Constitution merely confers
upon them the power to choose ; it does not
say they may choose by a minority vote, but
that they maty choose. We know, however,
that without a regulation upon the subject,
members of the House of Representatives are
chosen by a plurality vote in many of the
States.
Mr. CLARK. That is by express law of
the State.
Mr. HENDRICKS. No, sir; not by express
law of the State. There is a provision in the
law that the party receiving the highest vote
shall receive a certificate of election. That is
the only provision of law upon the subject,
and that is a provision inregard to the evidence
of election.
Mr. CLARK. That is by law.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Now, let me call the
attention of Senators to another provision:
"The House of Representatives shall choose
their Speaker and other officers." The Sen-
ator from Maine says that when a body is
authorized simply to choose, the parliamentary
law governs them in making the choice. The
Constitution of the United Stales confers upon
the House of Representatives the power to
choose. I ask the Senator, then, does the par-
liamentary law go into the House and govern
the House in making the choice. The Con-
stitution of the United States conferred upon
this-joint meeting the power to choose a Sen-
ator. That is admitted; it is controlled by too
many precedents in this body to be questioned.
The Constitution authorized that joint meeting
to choose a Senator. The Constitution says
that the House of Representatives may choose
a Speaker. Parliamentary law goes into the
House then, and says that choice must be made
by a majority; that is the argument of the Sen-
ator, and yet, in two very memorable instances,
less than a majority of the House did elect
a Speaker. Mr. Howell Cobb was elected
Speaker by receiving 102 votes out of 222; Mr.
N. P. Banks was elected Speaker by receiving
103 votes out of 214 ; and the elections were
not questioned, and could not be questioned,
and why ?
Mr. SHERMAN. It was questioned and
very much debated, but at the same time the
decision was arrived at that the majority vote
which authorized the plurality vote was an
agreement to acquiesce in the result produced
by the plurality rule. It was, however, ques-
tioned and debated very much.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It was debated, I dare
say ; but how did the House come to elect a
Speaker by less than a majority? Not that the
Constitution authorized it, for the Constitution
simply said to them, choose your Speaker.
The argument of Senators is, that in doing that
act parliamentary law came in and controlled
the action, and required a majority; but the
House did not so construe its powers; it pre-
scribed the_ rule that a plurality should elect,
and prescribing it the election was held to be
valid. Those distinguished men held their
offices under an election by a plurality. That
isjprecisely analogous to this case. The power
of the Constitution went down to the joint
meeting of the Legislature of New Jersey to
choose a Senator. That is admitted. How
choose him ? Choose him according to its own
mode. The Senator from Maine asked a ques-
tion yesterday of the distinguished Senator from
Maryland, the force of which I cannot under-
stand. He asked the question whether a reg-
ulation could be prescribed by that joint meet-
ing excluding the vote of the presiding officer.
In reply to that, I ask the Senator can the
Legislature, acting in its separate, branches,
prescribe a regulation which will cut off the
vote of any member of the Legislature?
Mr. PESSENDEN. No ; certainly Rot.
Mr._ HENDRICKS. Certainly not. Then
there is no force in the argument.
Mr.FESSENDEN. The Senator from Mary-
land said they could.
Mr. HENDRICKS. But it is not questioned
that the joint meeting has the power to choose
the Senator. Then, sir, Mr. Cushing lays it
down that in making that choice it can prescribe
the regulations, and among the regulations
which it may prescribe is one as to the number
of votes required to make the selection. But,
sir, suppose parliamentary law did not confer
this power upon the joint meeting, suppose
Cushing and all authority was not that way, yet
what was the parliamentary law for that joint
meeting ? Suppose that for two hundred years
in England and during our history the parlia-
mentary law had been that to do an act a
majority must agree to it. Suppose that to
be tho common law, it is not the common law
of the joint meeting of the Legislature of New
Jersey, an institution known there before the
adoption of the Constitution of the United
States. The history of New Jersey in that re-
gard is somewhat peculiar. Before the adop-
tion of the Constitution of the United States a
joint meeting of the Legislature was known
to her institutions.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask the Senator, was
it ever known in her institutions to elect by a
plurality vote an officer.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not know of any
instance in which New Jersey elected by a
plurality vote; I have not examined in regard
to that; but I understand the Senator to admit
that the tw6 branches of the Legislature of
New Jersey acting separately could prescribe
a rule under which a plurality might elect. He
admits the fact that a plurality can clect. Now,
I come to the question, under the law which
governed the joint meeting of New Jersey,
could that joint meeting adopt a rule in ad-
vance by which a plurality could elect? I say
it could, for the simple reason that for seventy-
five years the mode of conducting its business
had been prescribed by that joint meeting. In
1794 tho first set of rules were adopted.
Mr. CLARK. Allow me to inquire.whether
in all the seventy-five years they undertook to
do a thing of this kind.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have answered that
question to the Senator from Maine, and it is
not necessary, as I think, to repeat the question.
I say I do not know of any instance in which
the Legislature of New Jersey, acting in any
way, has elected by a plurality vote; but it is
admitted that the Legislature can elect by a
plurality vote. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire, I believe, does not dispute that the Le-
gislature of New Jersey can prescribe that a
plurality shall elect, acting in the separate
branches. Now, my point is, that whatever the
Legislature acting in the separate branches
could do in that regard, the joint meeting could
do; and I argue that, in tho first place, from the
parliamentary law laid down by Cushing and
laid down by other authorities. But suppose,
as I was going on to say, that the parliament-
ary law is as stated by the Senator from Maine,
does that parliamentary law govern the joint
meeting of the Legislature in New Jersey? No,
sir; for the reason that that joint meeting has
for so many years agreed to govern its proceed-
ings by its own rules that its own rules and
practice have become the rule and law for its
government. Many times it has prescribed the
number of votes required to elect; at some
sessions it has prescribed the rule that a ma-
jority of all the members elected should be
necessary to make a choice. At other times it
has prescribed that a majority of those present
and voting should be sufficient to elect; at other
times, a majority of those present, whether vot-
ing or not voting, should be required to elect;
so that that body for many years has acted upon
the principle that it had the power to regulate
the question of the number of votes necessary
to make a choice. Then the constitution of
New Jersey is adopted; it recognizes the joint
meeting as an institution of the State; it pro-
vides for the election of very many State offi-
cers by that joint meeting. Now, I ask, in view
of the history of that joint meeting for so many
