112
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 13,
Senate.
Apportionment of Representation—Mr. Henderson.
39tii Cong.... 1st Sess.
cure itself? Would you half cure the heel and
foolishly trust to nature for the balance simply
because the heel is so far from the seat of life ?
A limb sick, makes the body sick, and he who
would preserve health and vitality must ward
off disease at every point.
I have been led to these remarks by looking
at the present condition' of the southern States.
Is there no symptom of disease there? All
over the country Congress is denounced be-
cause it does not accept the President's healing
or restoration of those States as a perfect cure.
Is the old disease eradicated? If so, Congress
ought to admit their Representatives, and it
deserves the denunciation of the country in
default of speedy action. Does the President
himself believe that the cure is perfect? 'If we
admit them tli*ey must henceforth be treated as
loyal States. We must give them the exercise
of all local and municipal power not granted to
Congress. In that case we should at once re-
move martial law. The privilege of the writ of !
habeas corpus should he restored. It is now '
suspended by the will of the President. When
Once admitted, the condition of the freedman and
the poor white, must be left to them. The suf-
frage cannot then be changed without their free
consent, uninfluenced by any considerations. If
admitted, and they are strong enough to repu-
diate the public debt, withdraw the pensions
from the wounded veterans, or deny the claim
of loyal States for expenses and loyal men for
damages, the country must accept it, and ac-
cept it in peace. .1 do not fear many of these
things, but the President himself seems to fear
much. If he is satisfied with these organiza-
tions, why does he not treatthem better?
During the session of the Georgia convention
Mr. Seward telegraphed to the provisional gov-
ernor, as follows:
"Your several telegrams have been received. The
President of the United States cannot recognize the
people of any State having resumed the relations of
loyalty to the Union that admits as legal obligations
contracted or debts created in that name to promote
the war of the rebellion.
"WM. H. SEWARD."
Why ? Was not Georgiaan independentState?
The President said it was. Did not Georgia
have a right to assume and pay any debts she
pleased? What right had Mr. Seward to tele-
graph to the convention of Georgia that Geor-
gia should not pay a debt? And yet my Demo-
cratic friends say the President's policy must
be sustained. What policy? Is it the policy
of letting the President do as he pleases, reor-
ganize a State government, and wherever it
runs counter to his views to stop it in its legis-
lation and say, " Thus far shall thou go and no
further.'' Butif Congress undertakes to inter-
fere, notinterfere, but hesitate, to sanction these
asperfectandlegitimateState governments, they
are a set of Jacobins, ''French revolutionists,"
'-'dangerous men,'' who ought to be turned out I
at the point of the bayonet. I he President !
calls it "hammering at the other end of the
line. '
I he State of Tennessee has been reorganized.
How reorganized? The President him self was
the beginner and the originator of it, as the mili-
tary governor of Mr. Lincoln. The Tennessee
members are here seeking admission. But the
President has put General Thomas at Nashville.
The Senator from Illinois [Mr. Tru.mbui.i.] the
other day presented his proposition here, put-
ting judicial powers in the hands of the military,
for certain purposes in the seceding States. It
was to protect negroes, when discriminated
against in their civil rights, by State legislation
in those States. The press all over the country
opposed to these so-called Jacobins announced
the fact that the Senator from Illinois, the great
leader of the new revolution, had introduced
a most dangerous proposition, carrying military
men down South to usurp the entire political
powerof the revolted States and to administer
mock justice at the point of the bayonet. I did
not like it myself. I am afraid of even the ap-
pearance of militar}' rule. But let us go on
with the case of Tennessee. The President
usurps these powers, I should say uses them,
and the President is right, but the Jacobins are
wrong. Will you tell me the difference ? Is
not General Thomas put in command in Ten-
nessee by the President himself? Yes. Is he
not kept there by the President? Yes. Did
not General Thomas under the President's or-
ders arrest a bishop of the diocese of xllabama,
the other day, and imprison him? Some said
it was only because the bishop would not pray
for the President. And yet General Thomas
is not dismissed. But suppose Congress should
undertake to interfere with the worship of the
Christian religion down South, what would be
said about it? Let me read an order issued by
General Thomas a few days ago. It is a letter
addressed to Messrs. Guild & Smith, attorneys-
at-law, at Nashville:
headquarters division op the tennessee,
Sashville, Texx., January 17,1866.
Siks : It has been reported to Major General Thomas
that you, as counsel for one John Allen, of Smith
county, have instituted suit against James S. Bur-
ham, of Sumner county, late captain first Tennessee
mounted infantry, for rent for the said Allen's farm
while the said farm was under the control of the
United States as abandoned property.
This is clearly a violation of General Orders, No.
29. from these headquarters, often published in the
newspapers of the State, and must have been seen by
you. He directs me to say to you that you will at
onee cause said suit to bo discontinued and dismissed
forever, failing in which you, John Allen, and the
circuit court clerk of Sumner county will be arrested
and brought to trial before a military commission,
iiy command of Major General Thomas:
„ . R. W. JOHNSON,
Brevet Brtgadier General, U. S. A.
Messrs. Guild & Smith, Attorneus-at-law.
Mr. HENDRICKS. How do you like it?
_ Mr. HENDERSON. No, the proper ques-
tion is, how do you like it? Why, Mr. Presi-
dent,^ if this is not hammering on one end of
the line, or the middle of the line, I do not
know what it is. These attorneys bring a suit
under a State law, and the military officer in
chief command, under the direction of the
President, announces in a letter to them that
they will be arrested and imprisoned and tried
before a military commission if they go on with
the suit; the clerk of the court is notified that if
he issues process he will be seized. Of course
the letter does not include the judge, because
the judge cannot take cognizance or jurisdic-
tion of the case until the writ of summons has
been returned; but if the clerk should happen
to issue process, and it should be served, I
suppose General Thorn m would go further, and
if the judge should undertake to render judg-
ment in the case, the judge himself would be
seized and hammered, under the judgment of
a military court.
Sir. President, I have said tin's whole sup-
posed controversy between the President and
Congress is perfectly ridiculous to me. Why
is the country convulsed from one end to the
other now about the return of these States?
Did they not go out voluntarily ? Did we not
beg them to stay? Was not the life of every
man in this land endangered by their conduct?
Have_ they not given us untold sorrows and
afflictions in defiance of almost base entreaty
and much gratuitous, but scorned advice ? I
told them these difficulties would come. They '
went. And now, because I do not vote them '
back the very moment they present themselves !
—before the President himself will abide by '
their laws, indeed while he feels bound daily i
to set them aside—-I ain a Jacobin, a leveller j
a maniac on the subject of negro rights. Some j
of these gentlemen around me may lie danger- j
ous men ; I do not know but they are ; 1 am
not. I claim to be conservative. I have al- !
ways been conservative. If entitled to the !
designation of radical at all, it must be a con-
servahve radical Now, sir, here is General
lerry, of Port Fisher notoriety 
Mr. WADE. Fame.
Mr. HENDERSON. I beg pardon, it is
fame, and not notoriety. What does he say in
regard to a law of the State of Virginia ? He
is m command at Richmond. Was he not, put
there by the President of the United States, and
can he not be removed by him to-day? Cer-
tainly. What has he done ? The State of Vir-
ginia a short time ago passed a vagrant act.
Here is a general order issued by General
Terry, dated Richmond. January 24, 1800:
"By a statute passed at the present session of the
Legislature of Virginia, entitled 'A bill providing
for the punishment of vagrants,' it isenacted, among
other things, that any justice of the peace, upon the
complaint of any of certain officers therein named,
may issue his warrant for the apprehension of any
person alleged to be a vagrant and causesuch person
to be apprehended and brought before him; and that
if upon due examination saidjustice of the peace shall
find that such person is a vagrant within the defini-
tion of vagrancy contained in said statute, he shall
issuehis warrantdirectingsuch person to be employed
for a term not exceeding three months, and by any
constable of the county wherein the proceedings are
had be hired out for the best wages which can be
procured, his wages to be applied to the support of
himself and his family," &c.
This act applies to white people too. The
Senator from Illinois will notice that it does not
apply to the negro alone ; it applies to all per-
sons; and yet General Terry says that it is
made a mere pretense for selling negroes into
slavery3 and his order concludes as follows:
"It is therefore ordered that no magistrate, civil
officer, or other person shall in any way or manner
apply or attempt to apply theprovisions of paid stat-
ute to any colored person in this department."
They may sell white men, since this order, into
slavery and the negroes may buy them, but Gen-
eral Terry says they shall not sell a negro into
slavery ; the white people may soon find them-
selves sold outin the Old Dominion to the blacks
and the sale enforced by military law, and yet
the President sustains all this. 'The President
placed General Terry there and may remove
him or overrule his orders. The President sus-
tains him, however. But because we hesitate
to regard the State of Virginia as fully reor-
ganized, and now devotedly attached to the
Union and resolved to sustain the Constitution
directly in the teeth of these acts, the President
strongly thinks we are "hammering atone end
of the line."
Mr. SUMNER. _ Allow me to ask my friend
if the President did not probably refer to the
Democrats as hammering at the*other end of
the line.
Mr. HENDERSON. Myimpression is from
all the circumstances surrounding the case, that
the Senator from Massachusetts is one of the
men alluded to. I think I can say to him as
Nathan said unto David, "Thou art the man."
[Laughter.] The Senator certainly did make
an imprudent speech when the report on the con-
dition of the southern States came in. The
Pi evident should know that the Senator from
Massachusetts makes many imprudent speeches.
It is utterly impossible to'keep him straight un-
less some more conservative man. like mv.-olf,
can whisper him right. [Laughter.] if 1 could
have reached him in time. I am sati.-fied, he
would never have used the term -'while wish-
ing." [Laughter.] r am fearful the Piv.-ident
attaches too much importance to this impru-
dent speech. We pay no attention to it lure.
Again, has not General Sickles issue! an
order at Charleston, with twenty-three sections,
making up an entire civil code' for the govern-
ment of South Carolina, the Legislatuie, being
in session? B
Mr. T\ 1LSON. The most eomprehensive-
ever made.
Mr. HENDERSON. Certainly, taking al-
most the entire government of South Carolina
under military control and military power. The
I resident can do this thing—1 say the Presi-
dent, because Generals Terry, Sickles, and
Inomas, and ail these men act through the
President only—the President of the United
