186&}
APPENDIX TO THE 0O$C£KESSIONAt GLOB&
39tii Gong. .., 1st
Apportionment of Representation—Mr. Henderson.
Senate.
States ean do all- these things, and Congress
cannot h<slp him. Congress never saw business
of this^ortgoing'on, that it: did not want a hand
i'n it, and I think we have a right t-o have some
hand in it. The President admitted the right,
fed lie is now estopped from denying it.
General-' Grant issued' an order, some time
ago, right here in the city of Washington, im-
mediately under the President's eye, and he
Certainly must have known all about wliieh
is general1, and1 applies to all the eleven seeed'ed
States. It is as follows:
[General Orders,. No. 3.]
Wah Dbpahtment,
Adjutant General's Office,
Wa'shington, January VI, I860:
To protect persons against improper civil saitis and
penalties in lato rebellious States:
Military division and dfcpurlmenfc oomnuvBders;
whose commands embrace or are composed of any of
the late rebellious States, anil'who have not already
done so, will at once issue and enforce orders protect-
ing from- prosecution or suite ini the Sfcaie- or inuni-
cipal courts of such State, all officers and soldiers of
thearmiesoftheUnited'States, and'a'll persons thereto
attached, or in anywise thereto belonging, subject tt>
military authority,-charged with offensesfbr ;wils done
in their military capacity,.or pursuant to orders from
proper military authority;, and' to protect from suit
or proseoution all loyal, citizens, or persons charged
with offenses done against the rebel forces, directly
or indirectly, during the existence of the rebellion;
and all persons, their agents and employes, charged
with the occupancy of abandoned- laudH or' planta-
tions,, or the possession or custody of any kind of prop-
erty whatever, who occupied, used, possessed, orcon-
trolled the same pursuant to the order of the Presi-
dent, or any of the eivil or military departments of
the Government, and to protect them from any pen-
alties or damages that, may have been or may be pro-
nounced- or adjudged in said courts in any of such
eases; and also proteeting-eoloned persons from pros-
ecutions in any of said States charged with ofiensos
for which white persons are not prosecuted'or pun-
ished in the same manner and degree.
By command of lieutenant General Grantfc
e. d. TOWWSBM),-
Amixtant Adjutant'General.
TKal, order is substantially the hill of the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois, the biffi that this
Congress has passed, called the Freedmen's
Bureau bill, and' which it is understood all over
the country the President will vetoi Why veto ?
Did not General Grant issue this order with the
consent of the President of the United States ?
Can there be any doubt about it?
Now, sir, is not ali this Controversy perfectly
ridiculous ? It seems to- me so. But for its
serious importance, the apparent earnestness
of persons and parties in this maze of ineon1-
sistency- and palpable contradiction would be
amusing.
Mr. HENDRICKS; If the Senator wffl allow
me, I should like to ask him ene question:
whether he reads these orders of the military
commanders forthe purpose ofapproving them,
or for the purpose of condemning them, or
simplv for the information of the Senate ?
Mr." HENDERSON. I do not know that the
Senator has any right to catechise me as to the
purpose with which I read a paper to the Sen-
ate. But he eertainly cannot misunderstand
my object.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I disclaim the right;
but when so able a Senator is addressing the
body, of course we would like to know what
he means by the evidences that he brings be-
fore us.
Mr. HENDERSON. The-Senator address-
ing the body is not so able, but, it is a little
strange he has not already indicated to the ever
quick and ready mind of the Senator from In-
diana what his purpose is. Certainly he has dis-
played no ability whatever if lie has failed to
make himself understood by that Senator. I
have no objection, however, to making the state-
ment in answer to the question so plain, "that
he may run, thatreadeth it.''
The idea has gone abroad, and itismost care-
fully urged, that Congress has resolved to gov-
ern the southern States as provinces, that the
committee of fifteen was organized to carry out
this purpose. The party that opposed Mr. John-
son's election take this opportunity to announce
39th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 8.
their devotion to the Union, and clamor for im-
mediate. restoration. Of course inilitary rule
is denounced'. This is a strong card. I dis-
like military few as much as any matt. The
whole country dislikes it. Even- the soldier,
reared under our institutions, who enforces it,
dislikes-it.' Congress is arraignedfortaxingthe
southern people without representation. This
is another powerful argument, atr argument that
cbuldtttotbe answered, if the very organizations
now presenting themselves did not propose to
tk-x half their people, fbr all time to come, with-
out any voice or representation no#, andwitli-
out hope of it in the' future.
Again, we are charged with being disunion-
ists. We are so designated in the cohimns of
leading papers. And why is it?' The people
are taught to believe that harmony and peace
and good-will reign supreme in the southern
States; that they have loyal governments or-
ganized, administering justice without delay,
sale, or denial1, and protecting all their inhabit-
ants ; that the spirit of rebellion is- far removed
from thetn, and they only need an opportunity
now to show their old' proverbial love and at-
tachment for the- Union. The war was waged
for the Union, and the people long to see it
restored. This natural desire is seized upon to
array hostility to Congress. The President is
praised; his reconstruction policy indorsed in
the strongest terms. Lincoln's reconstruction
policy, in form the same, but differing only in
that it brought Union men to Congress and
secured another State to the Union in case of
confederate success, was denounced by the same
men. Congress is arraigned for the Freedmen's
Bureau bill. I do not like it myself, and only
supported1 it as a means of getting what is right.
P liad- nothing to db with the committee of fif-
teen, and I hold now that the House of Repre-
sentatives cannot control my vote, against my
will, in the admission of a Senator from one
of the seceding Staes. No law of Congress can
control it. Itie States are in the Union, but
in the President's view they are not yet out of
rebellion. The Attorney General says they are
not, and the President treats them worse than
provinces. If the rebellion is over and the cause
of it removed, tvhy these proceedings which I
have enumerated?
Mr. President, I think I have shown that the
Executive is estopped from complaining of Con-
gress. Political'parties cannot consistently ap-
plaud the President and then say one word
against Congress. Does the President design
continuing this military rule after the Repre-
sentatives are admitted? If necessary now,
will it be less so after admission ? My friend
from Indiana-, however, with all his instincts
against these things is no doubt ready to join in
the general cry and say. great is the President
and accursed be the Jacobins.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have not said that.
Mi-. HENDERSON. I am glad of it. Many
others have said it and do riOv.' daily say it.
* Mr. HENDRICKS. My position with re-
spect to the President of the United States is
just this: I am not under that sort of obliga-
tion which is known as party obligation. I
expect to indorse and approve in his conduct
everything that my judgment and conscience
approve. The Senator would not ask me to
do less, and I think he would not ask me to do
more:
Mr. HENDERSON. Certainly not.
Mr. HENDRICKS. My modesty would pre-
vent my appearing before this body as the pecu-
liar champion of the President. I did not help
to make him President: but what is right in
his Administration I shall support- and I think
I may say now that perhaps I will find some-
thing in his conduct to approve which some of
the Senators about me may disapprove.
Mr. HENDERSON. I was aware of the
modesty of my friend. [Laughter.] And I am
aware of another thing ; I am aware of his dis-
! tinguished ability and his sagacity in seizing
upon anything, anything fair and legitimate, of
course, that may be necessary to build up the
party with which he thinks the best interests ..
of the country are connected. His modesty
will also prevent his telling us whether he
apptoves these acts1 of the President or not.
Mr. President, I now repeat my regrets that
the President has seen fit to exact at the hands
of Congress a striot compliance with his policy
on the subject of reconstruction. I say com-
pliance, for I cannotinterpret hi& speech to the
v irginia delegation in any other way. I regret
it, because this is no time fbr party excitement.
The best interests of this great country cannot
now bo safely connected with party success.
To solve our difficulties needs true patriotism,
and true patriotism is too often choked out
by the rank selfishness of party politics.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. HENDERSON. Certainly.
Mr. WILSON. I want to ask him, as he is
giving his opinions pretty freely, if he has any
anxiety whatever in regard to the opinions of
this Mr. Baldwin, or any man of that class, or
any men in the country who sympathize with
them, that they will be able to influence affairs
iu any of the States that in 1864 voted for Mr.
Lincoln for President. I ask him if he does
not believe that those States, by a most deci-
sive majority, a majority larger than they gavo
in 1864, are to-day opposed to the admission of
any of the States that have been in rebellion
into these Chambers until they are so adjusted
as to give proper security for the future?
Mr. HENDERSON. I have answered so
many questions that I have scarcely been able
to keep the true question in view. Injustice
and wrong often triumph. Our only consola-
tion is, that such triumphs cannot be perma-
nent. I do not know how far the people will
be deceived, nor how long the deception will
last. The Union must be restored and this
Congress must do it. It must be. cemented in
the everlasting principles of justice, but I want
it cemented immediately.
Mr. WILSON. So do I.
Mr. HENDERSON. We cannot stand still.
Work is to. be done, and if we do not go for-
ward we shall fall back. It is a crisis in our
affairs, and a crisis as important as that of 3 8t>l.
I am not mistaken in what I say. The rebel-
lion is now suppressed-. The rebels are rest-
less and discontented. Some loyal men have
become frightened at what they term the dan-
gerous extremes of radicalism, and, after having
been the most radical of all radicals, they are
ready to fly to the arms of rebels and seek
safely in tlieir conservatism. It an epoch in
our history from which will dale new political
organizations. New schemes of personal am-
bition will soon be developed, '.'"he pride of
our military chieftains will be appealed to, and
cunning plans laid to secure their i\vor. This
period is similar to that in English history,
when Charles I became a prisoner in the hands
of those who fought for the rights of man against
the unlimited prerogative of the Crown. It is
the condition of Prance when Louis XVI was
a prisoner, and the combined enemies of the
republic had melted away in the blaze of re-
publican ardor. Let us avoid the excesses of
the conquerors in those cases, but let, us be
firm in securing the legitimate results of the
victory. Those results may be known to till
who know the causes of the war. 'J he war was
another contest of prerogative with inalienable
right, an effort to perpetuate privileges of the
few, at the expense of the toil and tears of mil-
lions. It was to sanctify, by human law, what
was condemned in the law of God. It was, in
fine, to ignore the very existence of millions of
people in the government and laws^ of a coun-
try, that claims the highest civilization, (be
largest freedom and the broadest charity for
mankind.
In the judgment of Congress these danger-
