1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2553
which might possibly be acceptable; and I also
distinctly protested that the Executive claimed no
rignt"—
Hearken to his language—
"that the Executive claimed no right to say when
or whether members should be admitted t to seats m
Congress from such States. This plan was. in advance,
submitted to the then Cabinet, and distinctly ap-
proved by every member of it. One of them suggested
that I should then, and in that connection, apply the
emancipation proclamation to the theretofore ex-
cepted parts of Virginia and Louisiana; that! should
drop the suggestion about apprenticeship for freed
people, and that I should omit the protest against
my own power in regard to the admission of members
of Congress"
Will the Senator from Pennsylvania have the
goodness to listen to this language?
Such was the peculiar caution, o.n this mighty
subject, of Abraham Lincoln. He disclaimed
in the most distinct and emphatic terms both
in his proclamation of the 8th of December,
18G3, and in what is called his dying speech,
made only a few days before his death, all
authority in himself to impart to the States
he was attempting to reconstruct any consti-
tutional right to elect members of Congress,
whether Senators or Representatives, in such
a way as to give them a legal title to be ad-
mitted to seats. That is what he means and
exactly what he means—nothing more, noth-
ing less. That is by no means the doctrine of
the present day. The claim now is that the
right to elect, and consequently the legal right
to have the party elected, if possessing the
requisite personal qualifications, admitted to
his seat in either House, has been imparted by
the President's authority and unflcr his com-
mission, and that Congress are concluded and
debarred any inquiry into the right claimed.
Again, sir, Mr. Lincoln did not confine him-
self to the peculiar mode of reconstruction
mentioned in that proclamation. Early in July
following, as the world knows. Congress with
great unanimity passed a bill for the reestab-
lishment of the rebel States, commonly known
as the " Winter Davis bill," a bill which Pres-
ident Lincoln did not see fit to approve; but
for his omission to approve it ho gives, in the
proclamation he issued on the 8th of July, 1804,
the following reason:
" Now, therefore, I. Abraham Lincoln, President of
tho United States, do proclaim*, declare, and make
known, that while I am, (as I was in December last,
when by proclamation I propounded a plan for
restoration,) unprepared, by a formal approval of
this bill, to be inflexibly committed to any single
plan of reparation; and while I am also unpre-
pared to declare that the free State constitutions
and governments already adopted and installed in
Arkansas and Louisiana shall be set aside and held
for naught, thereby repelling and discouraging the
loyal citizens who havo set up the same as to
further effort, or to declare a constitutional compe-
tency in Congress to abolish slavery in States, but
am at the same tune sincerely hoping and expecting
that a constitutional amendment abolishing *lavery
throughout the nation may be adopted, neverthe-
less I am fully satisfied with the system for restora-
tion contained in the bill as one very proper pta,n
for tho loyal people of any State choosing to adopt
it, and that I am, and at all times shall be, prepared
to give the executive aid and assistance to any such
people, so soon as the military resistance to the Uni-
ted States shall have been suppressed in any such
State, and the people thereof shall have sufficiently
returned to their obedience to the Constitution and
the laws of the United States, in which eases mili-
tary governors will be appointed, with directions to
proceed according to the bill."
Here it is apparent that Mr. Lincoln was not
■willing to be bound down even to his own plan
as sketched in his proclamation of the 8th of
December, 18C3, but that he was entirely satis-
fied with the bill he had omitted to approve;
and he solemnly promised, in his proclamation
of July, 1864, that whenever military resistance
should cease in any of the rebel States, and
the people in those States were willing to return
to their loyalty, he would give them his execu-
tive aid by appointing a provisional governor
and giving governors the authority granted by
the bill. Here were his two schemes, both of
them liberal, and the last, had the bill been ap-
proved, free from all constitutional objections.
Now, sir, let Mr. Lincoln be no longer quoted
here or elsewhere as being the author of this
enormous policy by which the whole power of
Congress over the subject of reconstruction is
to be absorbed into the single hand of the Ex-
ecutive. Do not desecrate the name of that
great and good man by imputing to him such a
gross attempt to usurp the powers of Congress.
Mr. President, the honorable Secretary of
State, in the prepared speech delivered by him
at the Cooper Institute, in New York, on the
22d of February, simultaneously with the deliv-
ery of President Johnson's speech, to which T
have alluded, speaking of the restoration of
the rebel States, uses the following very strange
language:
"Now, I am sure this plan is going to succeed."
That is, the plan of President Johnson ; the
plan of immediate, unconditional readmission
into Congress.
"I am sure of it, because some plan must succeed."
He is perfectly sure that a particular plan
is going to succeed, because ho is sure some
plan must succeed. When I was a school-boy,
attending to my logic, had I uttered such a
sentence,! think the professor would have told
me it was a non xequitur. But let us proceed.
The Secretary continues:
"And because this is tho only plaji which has
ever been attempted, or which 1 think ever will bo
attempted."
The only plan! Had the honorable Secre-
tary forgotten the plan of Mr. Lincoln, as differ-
ent in principle from that of Mr. Johnson as
light from darkness? He says :
"Certainly it is the only one that can bo attempted
with buccefes."
Sir, we will try that issue. I make no boast;
I throw out no menace and no defiance ; lnft I
say with confidence here to the friends of this
policy that I will try that issue before the coun-
try. I know of nothing in it which should dcier
an honest man from espousing the negative ;
and I tell you, sir, I hat when ibis issue is fully
and fairly presented to the people of the'Uni-
ted States, when they come to understand what
it is in its length and in its breadth, in its de-
signs, in its purposes, in its enormous dangers,
in its injustice, in its cruelties, and in all its
deformities, you need not doubt that that hon-
est and loyal and gallantrpeople who have done
so much to preserve the Government, to main-
tain its dignity and its honor, will utter a last-
ing and an indelible rebuke to the policy so con-
fidently and so boastfully advocated by the Sec-
retary of State. He says further:
"It is nearly executed already. The States are
there"—
Hearken to this—
"The States are there, ju«t as fully in the exercise
of their State functions and powers and faculties as
the State of New York is, at Albany, to-day."
What is the logical conscquenco of this?
If the eleven rebel States are at the present
time as legitimately and constitutionally in the
exercise of their proper functions, and as much
entitled to be represented in tho two Houses
of Congress as is the State of New York, and
if Congress are wantonly and wickedly refusing
to allow them the same privilege of represen-
tation here, as is enjoyed by the State of New
York, what is the consequence? What is the
logical result of this position, or rather assump-
tion, of the Secretary of State, that they are as
perfectly rehabilitated, that they are as per-
fectly in the enjoyment of their State rights as
is the State of New York?
Sir, I would not impute to the Secretary of
State any unlawful intention ; 1 do not; but I
cannot read this language and fail to see that
it at least squints at the possibility of an armed
interference at some future day and the estab-
lishment by means of the executive sword of
these reconstructed States regularly in Con-
gress,with the full quota of Senatorsand Repre-
sentatives. If they are constitutionally entitled
to this representation, as much so as New York,
it is wholly unconstitutional for us to keep them
out, and clearly our sworn duty to let them in.
In short, according to the Secretary of State,
the conduct of Congress upon this subject is
usutpatorv, tyrannical, revolutionary, and even
treasonable. There is but one step between such
a position and advising the employment of mil-
itary force to carry*out its purposes. He says :
" Representatives can come up and lay their hands
upon the Bible and take the oath,  ad remain there.
Now, I think this is going to bo done. It may not be
done to-day. I thought it ought to be done on the
first, day of this session of Congress. Others thought
it belter to wait and inquire—take a recess. Then X
thought it had better be done when tho recess was
ended. Others thought it had better be postponed, .
to tho 1st of February. Now tlioy are talking of
postponing it until they can pass some law."
It is quite apparent that the Secretary deems
no law necessary to the reintroduction of the
Senators and llepresentatives of the rebel
States into these Halls; he seems to have ig-
nored entirely the effects of the war upon the
rebel States and the legislation of Congress,
and looks upon them as just as much entitled
at this day to be readmitted here as the State
of New York is entitled to enjoy the benefits
of her present representation here. This read-
mission, he says, is all that remains to be done:
"And it is the same plan that Abraham Lincoln
projected before he was i emoved from his high trust,
the same one that Andrew Johnson was executing lor
him in Tennessee. It will be done.
"Then, as tuo Union h to bo rostored soma time
there is to be some plan which is practicable, and if
there is some one, then some one who is in iavor of
it can tell mo wiiat tnat plan is and when it is likely
to be adopted. I pause for a reply. I have never
seen any other plan pi oposed. I have seen this plan
suggested at-tivo successive Congresses, that, notwith-
standing the conditions of the States, thev should ba
legislated into the condition ofToiritorics, and should
bo governed by tho military arm till they had pcr-
i'ormcd sufficient acts of purgation, and should bo
brought in at some far-off period."
I read from the speech chiefly to show what
the real doctrine is, known as " my policy
that it is a claim on the part of the Executive
that, ho in his decrees has reestablished these
States and put them in possession of all their
functions as States, without the assistance and
without the sanction of Congress, and that
therefore they are entitled to be represented
now ; and .that for Congress to wait any longer,
to keep them out by any statute or any meas-
ure it may see fit to resort to, is doing a great
wrong to the insurrectionary States. Sir, we
are doing no wrong to the insurrectionary
States. 1 concur with the honorable Secre-
tary of State when he says the time will come
when they will be readmitted to the Union with
all their rights and privileges, with their full
complement of Senators and llepresentatives;
but I do not hold that it is the duty of Con-
gress to admit them now and immediately. I
think we ought, to take time to consider, that
we ought to look especially to the condition of
the southern people, and ascertain to our own
satisfaction whether they are in such a social
and political condition as to make it safe aud
secure for us to readmit them.
Sir, I rejcct, as entirely untenable, the prin-
ciple, if it can be called a principle, that when-
ever a disloyal State sends to Congress a loyal
representative that loyal representative ought
to be admitted to his seat if he has been regu-
larly elected. Upon this point a great deal
has been said both in Congress and out of
Congress. We are told that if they send here
loyal Senators, our duty is to admit them ; if
they send here loyal llepresentatives, the duty
of the House is to admit their llepresentatives.
Sir, I deny it. That assertion is in direct in-
consistency with the essential principle of re-
publican government. What is a representa-
tive who is sent to the Congress expected to
do? What is his leading characteristic? Ts he
not expected to represent the interests and the
feelings of the constituency who send him?
Certainly. Who expects that, a particular con-
stituency will elect a man to Congress and send
him here as their representative, whose princi-
ples are utterly at war with theirs, or whose
interests or principles or prejudices are incon-
sistent with theirs? And yet the honorable Sen-
ator from Connecticut holds, I believe, that we
ought to admit the loyal representatives -with-
out the slightest reference to the character of
the constituency whom they represent. Sir, that
is a great fallacy.
Mr. DIXON. If tho Senator had taken the
trouble to listen to what I said, or to read it
afterward, he would have seen that I expressly
stated that the constituency should be loyal
as well as the representative.
Mr. HOWARD. Perhaps I mistake the
