2554
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
Senator's views; but certain it is that the
principle has been repeatedly advocated on this
floor.
Mr. DIXON. The President said the same
thing in the message from which the Senator
has just read. The Senator will certainly find
it in one of his messages.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 wish the Senator would
look it up for me. I have not been so fortu-
nate as to discover it. Mr. President, it is the
character of the "constituency that is to be rep-
resented in Congress by the person elected,
and not that of the mere representative him-
self. He is but their servant and agent.
Mr. DIXON. If the Senator will allow me,
I can repeat from recollection wh'at the Presi-
dent says. The President says that each State
ought to be represented when they present
themselves, not only in an attitude of loyalty
and harmony, but also in the persons of rep-
resentatives whose loyalty cannot be questioned
under any legal or constitutional test. That
is his language.
Mr. HOWARD. I shall feel better satisfied
when I read the exact language of the Presi-
dent, a little more secure as to what Mr. John-
son actually means. But, sir, the idea of al-
lowing a representative who swears that he is
loyal to come to Congress and take his seat,
for no other reason than that he swears he is
loyal, while at the same time the fact is his
whole constituency is disloyal, unfriendly to
the Government, and indisposed to uphold it,
is to me a most inexpressible absurdity. It is
the character of the constituency, and the con-
stituency alone, that is to be looked to. Only
a few months ago every one of these several
southern constituencies was in open rebellion
against the Government. There was not a
single congressional district throughout the
rebellious States that did not have within its
limits a large majority, and the whole commu-
nity had been declared public enemies by Con-
gress. I was very glad the other day to hear
the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania, who
a year or so ago had spoken so eloquently here
in favor of dealing gently with our southern
brethren, who tola us over and over and over
again that the Union element was large and
strong and powerful throughout the South, and
that, in order to bring the war to a successful
and speedy close, our best policy was to culti-
vate and befriend that portion of the rebel
community—I was glad to hear him, the other
day, acknowledge that those Union men, once
so precious and so numerous, were but rari
nantes in gurgite vasto j that they were few
and far between, swimming, I suppose, almost
out of sight of each other in the vast and
stormy gulf of the rebellion.
Well, sir, such is the fact. It is a fact, and
it lias been recognized for four years past—a
fact recognized by the laws of the United States
and by the decision of the Supreme Court—that
practically the whole southern people were hos-
tile to the United States, hostile to this Gov-
ernment, anxious to overthrow it, determined
to overthrow it, making sacrifices beyond those
ever submitted to by any other portion of the
human family to overthrow, not a bad, oppres-
sive Government, but a Government which had
never been felt by them except in the benefits
it conferred upon them. How vain, how idle
is it to pretend that within only a few months
from the close of these bloody scenes it has
transpired that a large majority or any major-
ity or any considerable portion of the people
ot those Stateg have become loyal and friendly
to the Government, willing to go on and act the
part of good citizens in upholding it and carry-
ing out its purposes. I have been in the way
of obtaining some information on the subject,
which it may not be useless to lay before the
Senate. I ask leave to read, for the purpose
of showing what is the actual condition of the
rebel population in the South, especially in Vir-
ginia, an extract from the testimony taken
before the reconstruction committee of Hon.
John M. Botts. The following question was
put to him:
" What is the feeling of the ex-rebels in Virginia
generally toward the Government of the United
States?"
He answered:
"At the time of the surrender of General Lee's army
and the restoration of peace, I think, there was not
only a^eneral but ail almost universal acquicscence
and congratulation among the people that the war
had terminated, and a large majority of them were at
least contented, if not gratified, that it had terminated
by a restoration of the State to the Union. At that
time the leaders, too, seemed to have been entirely
subdued. They had become satisfied that Mr. Lin-
coln was a noble, kind-hearted, generous man, from
whom they had little to fear; but when hewasassas-
sinated, and Mr. Johnson took his place, they remem-
bered Mr. Johnson's declarations in the Senateofthe
United States beforo tho war, his own treatment dar-
ing the war by the secession party, and his declara-
tions after he came to Washington as the Vice Pres-
ident of the United States, in one or more speeches,
but especially in a speech in which he declared that
treason was a crime which must be punished, they
felt exceedingly apprehensive for thesecurity of their
property, as well as for the security of their lives; and
amore*hnmble, unpretending set of gentlemen I never
saw than they were at that time. But from the time
that Mr. Johnson commenced his indiscriminate sys-
tem of pardoning all who made application, and from
impositions which I have no doubt were practiced
upon Mr. Johnson in pardoning the worst class of
secessionists among the first, they became bold, inso-
lent, and defiant; and this was increased to a very
large extent by the permission which was immedi-
ately after the evacuation of Richmond given by
General Patrick, the Democratic copperhead provost
marshal of the army of the Potomac, to the original
conductors of the public press before the rebellion to
reestablish their papers, I behevewithoutrestriction
orlimitationupon any oftheproprietois; sincewhich
time I think the spirit of disloyalty and disaffection
has gone on increasing day by day and hour by hour,
until among the leaders generally there is as much
di^ifloction and disloyalty as there was at any time
during the war, and a hundredfold more than there
was immediately after the evacuation and the sur-
render of the army. This is the conclusion to which
my mind has been brought by the licentiousness of
the press and by communications which are made to
me from all parts of the State, either verbally or by
letter, from the most prominent and reliable Union
sources."
And such is the concurrent testimony of a
great majority of all the numerous witnesses
examined before that committee; the great
weight of proof is, that instead of producing
quietude, peace, and contentment in the insur-
rectionary districts, the policy of Mr. Johnson
in extending pardons "and amnesty almost in-
discriminately has had the effect to make the
rebels and their friends more defiant and more
contemptuous toward the Government.
Mr. President, I have stated that the busi-
ness of reconstructing the States belongs exclu-
sively to Congress, and not to the Executive;
that that is a thing to be done by the exercise
of the law-making power only. The President
of the United States cannot make laws. He
has no power of legislation whatever under the
Constitution. On the other hand, the Consti-
tution itself, in its first article, declares emphat-
ically that" all legislative powers herein granted
shall be vested in a Congress of the United
States, which shall consist of a Senate and
House of Representatives;" leaving no resid-
uum of legislative power to be exercised by any
other functionary of the Government, but giv-
ing the whole of it, without stint and in the
broadest terms, to the two Houses of Congress.
Now. I ask, what power has the President by an
imperial decree to reconstitute, reconstruct, or
rehabilitate, or recreate a State of this Union
which for four long years had forfeited its polit-
ical existence as a State by turning its arms as
a community againstthe UnitedStates? What
had become of these State powers duringthese
four years of war? Mr. Johnson seemsto hold
that these States were never out of the Union,
but always in the Union.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Will the honorable Sen-
ator allow me to ask him a question just there?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. SAULSBURY. If the doctrine for
which he now contends be true, I wish to ask
the honorable Senator this question: after
Tennessee had assumed to secede, and after
Virginia assumed to secede, if they were out
of the Union and not entitled to representa-
tion upon this floor, why did he, as a Senator,
countenance the presence of the present Presi-
dent of the United States as a Senator on this
floor from Tennessee and ihe Senators from
Virginia as representing a State?
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, when I
first took my seat in this honorable body I found
the two Senators from Virginia here already,
but I am frank to say, in reply to tho question
of the honorable Senator from Delaware, that
if the question had been put to me, as a Sen-
ator, after the secession of Virginia from the
Union, or rather after she had taken up arms
as a government against the Government of
the United States, whether I would admit Sen-
ators elected by that State, no matter when,
to come into the Congress I should have an-
swered "No."
Mr. SAULSBURY. One other question:
was not the honorable Senator a member of
this body when my friend on my left [Mr.
W illeyJ was admitted to a seat on this floor,
and when the late Senator from Virginia, since
deceased, was admitted to a seat on this floor,
both occurring since the war commenced?
Mr. HOWARD. I do not remember whether
I was a member of the body at that time or
riot.
'Mr. SAULSBURY. I refer to Hon. Mr.
Bowden.
Mr. HOWARD. I know the precedent had
already been fixed by the action of the Senate
before I took my seat here. The Senators
from Virginia were in their seats, and I think
there was a change afterward; but the question
never was raised as to the propriety of recog-
nizing the Senators from Virginia. It will be
remembered, however, that the government of
old Virginia has ever been recognized by the
action of Congress. Although, as one of the
results of the insurrection in that State, their
civil government had become dissolved and
destroyed, still there was a government, a gov-
ernment for the whole of Virginia, organized
and in activity in western Virginia; and that
government was recognized by the Congress as
being the legitimate government of the State.
I did not feel disposed to disturb the action of
Congress on that subject. But I beg to put the
question to the honorable Senator whether he
objected to it.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Yes, sir; I did.
Mr. HOWARD. I am very glad to hear it.
Mr. SAULSBURY. One other question.
The honorable Senator says that the General
Government recognized the Legislature which
sat at Wheeling as the Legislature of the whole
of Virginia. Now, I wish to ask the Senator
whether Virginia as a State, as a whole state,
before its division into East and West Virginia,
had not assumed to secede from the Union,
and whether the military power of Virginia was
not in possession of a great part of what is now
West Virginia.
Mr. HOWARD. I believe the mere histor-
ical fact was this: upon the passage of the
ordinance of secession, in April, 1861, by the
Virginia convention, a new government for
the State of Virginia was organized in West
Virginia. It was recognized as the govern-
ment of that State by Congress, and we have
ever since recognized that government as the
government of Virginia, and rceognize it to
this day. I believe there has been no inter-
regnum whatever.
Mr. President, I was speaking of the condi-
tion of the rebel States during the war. It is
often said that it is impossible for a State to
get or to be out of the Union : that these
rebel States have always been in the Union ;
that they have tried to get out of the Union,
but cannot get out of the Union ; that that
has turned  out to be physically impossible ;
and the result, in the minds of some, is that
they have always been in. the Union and of the
Union that none of their faculties have been
lost or impaired by the rebellion, and that on
the cessation of tho rebellion they are entitled
to all the rights and privileges they ever pos-
sessed as members of the Union, Now, sir,
what was the actual condition of tho rebel
States during the war is rather a barren ques-
tion ; but I have ever been of the opinion that
the rebel States were actually out of the Union
from the time they took up arms against the
Government down to the time when their
armies were surrendered or disbanded.
