1594
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
as I said, any right to close this debate; but
he well knows that here are two distinct propo-
sitions, that we may amend this resolution in
the manner in which I propose, and then if we
do not go on and take another distinct and
affirmative vote, it does not affect the Senator's
seat. It was just the course pursued with the
Senators from Indiana, as the Senator well
knows, where he himself made the motion to
amend. But I will go on now and leave him
to close the debate, if that is understood to be
the close of the debate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to make some
remarks in closing. I was waiting until Sen-
ators Were through, but this is a matter entirely
of courtesy between Senators.
Mr. CLARK. Knowing what is the desire
of the Senator, I cheerfully yield, and will go
on with what I have to say.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will state to the Sen-
ator from Illinois that the rule does not exist
to any sort of extent unless gentlemen please.
I was to close the debute 011 a subject the other
day by particular understanding, and alter that
half a dozen Senators discussed it for two hours
or more. It is only a matter sometimes under-
stood and acted upon, sometimes not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand it is en-
tirely a matter of courtesy in the Senate. Any
ferson can speak in this body at any time; but
have already stated that I understand it to be
the usage and the propriety of the thing to leave
to the person who has charge of a bill or meas-
ure, jvho reports it to the Senate, the conclu-
sion of the argument. There is a sort of pro-
priety in it. I certainly claim no right about
"it. 1 have said two or three times that I was
quite ready to proceed, but if others desire to
discuss it I rather preferred they should do so
now, because I mjde the report and I thought
I would speak but once upon' the question; but
that is a matter that I have no controversy with
anybody about. 1 shall not go on now if any-
body is ready to take the floor. If not, I can
say what I have to say.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator had
opened the debate, so that we knew his grounds
in detail, he might properly have closed, but
lie did not do that.
Mr. THUMB ULL. Certainly I wrote a writ-
ten report, giving my views, which "was read
to the Senate. I presented my views in the
report in writing.
Mr, FBSSENDEN. I have only stated the
course that was pursued toward mo some days
dSMr. TRUMBULL. I do hope that in the
Senate of the United States Senators are not
governed by a first or a last speech to the body;
and if the Senator from Maine desires to reply
to anything 1 shall be willing to hear him.
Mr. CLA.UK. IT the Senator from Illinois
will yield me the floor, I will proceed with what
I have to say; it is not very much and I will not
take very long.
in the course of the debate yesterday, the
Senator from Maryland used this remarkable
'language:
"I consider this a very serious interference, and
if my friends who take a different view will permit mo
to say so, a very unconstitutional attempt to interfere
with the rights of the States."
I do not suppose the Senator from Maryland
intended discourteously to charge the Senator
from Maine and myself with unconstitutionally
interfering with the rights of the State of New
J ersey.
Mr. JOHNSON". Not intentionally; cer-
tainly not: but I .believe you do in point of
fact.
Mr. CLARK. I said he did not intend to
do so discourteously. I do not believe that he
did. But I cannot permit the idea to go out
that we have unconstitutionally interfered with
the rights of the State of New Jersey. I find
that the State of New Jersey has attempted to
elect a Senator. She has given him a certifi-
cate of election, and sent him here to occupy
his seat. The Constitution provides that "each
House shall be the judgeflof the elections, re-
turns, and qualifications of its own members;"
so that when the sitting- member from New
Jersey came here with his certificate in his
hand, and asked to be admitted to his seat, it
became the constitutional right of every Sen-
ator here to inquire what were his qualifica-
tions and how he had been elected; and if we,
as Senators, attempt to go back and investigate
the doings of the Legislature of New Jersey,
and to inquire how and under what rules he
was elected, and attempt to judge for ourselves,
we are acting under the Constitution of the
United States, and are not to be charged with
unwarrantable interference or an unconstitu-
tional interference with the rights of the State
of New Jersey. It is an interference (if you
call it an interference) which the Constitution
of the United States clearly gives us, and which
as a Senate-we have a right to exercise; and
if we can exercise it rightfully under the Con-
stitution of the United States, how can it be
au unconstitutional interference with the rights
of the State of New Jersey? The Senator from
Maryland may differ with the Senator from
Maine and myself as to what was the effect of
the' rule; but there certainly can be no differ-
ence, it seems to mo, as to our right to inquire
what is the effect of that rule. And when the
patent fact is open to the Senate that the gen-
tleman claiming to hold this seat was sent
here against the will of a majority of the
joint meeting which undertook to elect him;
against the will of a majority of the Senate of
his State ; against the will of a majority of the
Assembly of his State; against, as I say, the
will of a majority of the Legislature of his State,
we are not to be charged with an unwarrant-
able interference with the constitutional rights
of New Jersey if we undertake to look into it
and see whether he is properly elected here.
It seems to me no more an unconstitutional
interference in this case than it is in every other
case that has come before the Senate. Did we
not, in the case of the Indiana Senators, look
into the constitution and action of the joint
meeting wliich attempted to elect them? So in
the case from Iowa. Was it an unconstitutional
interference with the rights of those States?
When the Constitution provided that we might
look into the qualifications, did it contemplate
that it was an unwarrantable interference?
Each Senator will jiulgo for himself, upon his
own examination, what are the constitutional
rights secured to him in conducting this exam-
ination.
Mr. President, in the course of this argu-
ment it is said that the joint meeting of the
two Houses of the Legislature of the State of
New Jersey was the Legislature of New Jersey,
and they cite the constitution of New Jersey
to prove it because it speaks of "the Legisla-
ture in joint meeting." What does that mean?
The Legislature acting by joint meeting, the
two Houses coming together to act as a joint
meeting; and the constitution of New Jersey
confines them entirely to the election of offi-
cers; when they go in there they have no power
except to elect officers, and to elect officers, let
me say, according to the laws of the State of
New Jersey. When the constitution gives
them the power as a Legislature in joint meet-
ing to elect officers, it by no means gives them
the power to make the. laws or alter the laws
under which they are to be chosen. The Sen-
ator from N ew J ersey admits himself that by
the laws of New Jersey, had it not been for
this rule, a majority would have been required.
Do I not understand him rightly?
Mr. STOCKTON. I submit that a majority
was required, but not by any law of the State;
it was by the parliamentary law.
Mr. CLARK. By the practice of the State?
Ah-. STOCKTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. CLARK. A custom for seventy-five
years. That would seem to make law. By
the common law which in the absence of stat-
ute lavf is the law of the land, by the parlia-
mentary law, and b.v custom a majority was
required.
Sir. STOCKTON. I beg the gentleman to
understand me. A majority was required not
by tho common law of the land. That was not
the common law of the State of New Jersey.
The statute law of the State makes the general
elections of the State under tho plurality vote.
It is because it is a parliamentary body, and
governed by parliamentary law, that in the
absence of any special regulation they are
obliged to elect by a majority.
Mr. CLARK. I maintain that it was by the
common law of the land, applicable to corpora-
tions aggregate ana municipal corporations ;
but the question was settled in 3 Harrington,
in the case of the cityof Wilmington. The
city of Wilmington having the power, if they
had chosen to use it, to make a law that a plu-
rality should elect, and having jailed to do that,
the Chief Justice said it required a majority,
because they had not provided for a plurality,
as they might have done. The Chief Justice
said the common law must govern in such a
case. Here, then, you have these men going
into joint convention under the constitution of
New Jersey for the purpose of electing a Sen-
ator, and electing that Senator how ? Accord-
ing to the law of the land, it required a major-
ity, and when they got into that convention,
because they could not elect by a majority, they
undertook to alter the law of the land, and to
provide that a plurality should elect. We deny
that that rule can have any such force. They
undertake to plead custom in regard to making
rules. If they could plead custom as to rules,
they could plead custom only as to the rule
which they had made. They could not plead
a custom as to this rule,, because never before
in the existence of the State had they attempted
to make such a rule. This is the first time in
the history of New Jersey that they attempted
to establish such a rule ; and I cannot imagine
how we are expected to support it because they
had made another rule that was not obnoxious.
But it is said by the Senator from Indiana
that we are concluded in this matter; that we,
the Senate of the United States, I suppose he
means, are concluded ; that we cannot go back
of what is done in that joint convention, and
that they by their action have concluded the
Senate of the United States. Let us see. They
had passed this rule in their joint convention
that a plurality should elect. Mr. Stockton
gets forty votes, more than anybody else, a plu-
rality, and then the speaker or the president
of the Assembly declares him to be elected;
and because all those forty-one gentlemen who
sat around and had voted in that very conven-
tion that that plurality should not elect, did not
get up and cry out, "It shall not be so, Mr.
Speaker," they are concluded and they cannot
come here and make an objection! There is
one thing ccrtain, I think; if they were con-
cluded, the Senate of the United States were
not concluded. They are the judges in this
case, and the Senate of the United States were
not there to assent or dissent. But they were not
concluded. Suppose one man had got up and
objected, " I do not assent," would that have
been an election? Certainly, because there
would have been eighty left. But suppose an-
other rose, and so every one, one after another,
must have got up and said, "Mr. Chairman, I
dissent," or else Mr. Stockton, forsooth, would
have been elected and the whole thing con-
cluded. Was anything more senseless ever put'
forward so seriously? I do not know of any-
thing unless it would be the Senator from Indi-
ana quoting the authority of some justice of the
peace out in that State on a question of law,
and saying that a man was concluded in that
suit because he did not do so and so. Are we
to be told that the Senate of the United States,
in judging of the qualifications of a person who
comes here to claim a seat, is to be entirely
barred, and this provision of the Constitution
that we may look into and judge of the election
and qualification of a man when he gets here is
to be entirely nugatory and set aside, because
the men in that convention did not get up and
say, "I object, Mr. Speaker, I object?" That
cannot be so. These men may not have agreed
to it in their own minds, but they might well
have said, " When this man goes to the Senate
of the United States there is a tribunal before
