3514
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 30,
pound. I will state that we raised the duty
upon all steel andiron from which these squares
are made, and it is manifestly improper that
.we should leave all iron and steel squares at
precisely the same rates they have borne here-
tofore. The gentleman from Illinois_ [Mr.
Harding] is not perhaps aware that in the
manufacture of these articles a large amount
of waste is incurred. It takes much more iron
or steel to manufacture a square, than what is
really found in the square after it is made,
which is usually not a heavy article, but may
have had much labor bestowed upon it.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Will the gentle-
man allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. MORRILL. Certainly.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I would ask the
gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] if it
takes more steel and iron to make a square in
England than it does in this country.
Mr. MORRILL. The gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Wilson] is too astute himself to be de-
ceived on this question, and he ought not to
undertake to befog anybody else. He knows
very well that if steel is allowed to come into
this country only at so high a rate of duty that
squares cannot be profitably manufactured
from it, then, instead of steel coming in here
unmanufactured, we will have it imported in
tho manufactured form.
Mr. KASSON. I would ask the gentleman
if we did not essentially reduce the internal
revenue tax on these articles.
Mr. MORRILL. The gentleman asks that
question for the sake of having me argue his
side of the question, which I do not propose
to do.*
Mr. KASSON. What I want are the facts.
Mr. MORRILL. The facts have already
been stated.
Mr. HARDING-, of Illinois. I rise to op-
pose this amendment of the gentleman from
Vermont, [Mr. Morrill.] When the line of
my argument was interrupted just now I was
endeavoring, on behalf of my constituents, to
shemtthat this presents a practical question to
the members of this House for consideration.
The manufacturers and importers of this coun-
try have now on hand in the warehouses of this
country large stocks of goods, to the amount
of many millions, which have been withheld
from consumption by the demand of high prices.
And the question is whether those high prices
which have prevailed during the war shall be
continued or not, and whether my constituents
and the constituents of other gentlemen here
shall be required hereafter to pay those extraor-
dinary prices for these articles imported from
abroad or manufactured hero. Now, I hold
that it is a clear proposition that the consumers
of this country must pay the prices added to
the materials embraced in this bill. We Qannot
derive the payment from any one els^. It is a
question between us and our constituents at
home.
Now, sir, these gentlemen come here and tell
us that, regardless of consequences, they must
have an average of at least thirty per cent,
added to all the materials which arc essential
to the prosperity and existence of the country.
I maintain, sir, that if there is a prosperous
class in this country it is not that class who for
four years toiled for their Government at thir-
teen dollars per month. My constituents at the
outbreak of this war had nothing to do that
would give them even a livelihood at home.
Our crops were rotting, literally rotting, and
burning in our granaries and store-houses. Our
people went to the war and spent four years in
the service of the Government for the paltry
sum of thirteen, fourteen, or fifteen dollars per
month. They wore the clothes which these east-
. ern gentlemen manufactured and sold to the
Government at extravagant prices. We used
the guns upon which eastern manufacturers
made their fortunes, the powder and every-
thing else with which they supplied the com-
missary establishment of the* United States.
We^ supplied it at prices ruinously low. Yet
during the whole time we were paying the east-
ern manufacturers for the articles which we
needed one hundred per cent, more than the
articles cost them.
[Here the hammer fell. ]
Mr. KELLEY. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out "nine" and inserting
"eight." I propose this amendment pro forma
for the purpose of saying what is indisputably
true, that the question of protection here to-day
is more eminently a question of protection to
the growers of wheat than of protection to the
manufacture of any fabric.
Sir, from the year 1850 to 1860 the wheat
crop of Ohio fell from thirty million bushels
per annum to fifteen millions. Our average
crop from virgin.soil is about thirty bushels to
the acre. Our crop from old soil, worked un-
der the free-trade policy, which has prevailed
throughout our history with rare and brief in-
tervals, is from seven to ten bushels per acre.
Under free trade our farmers draw but an av-
erage of twelve bushels from the acre; while
England, importing breadstuffs and converting
them into manures, has enabled her farmers by
equal labor to draw from the acre, not twelve
bushels, as they formerly did, but from thirty -
five to forty-three bushels.
When those whom the gentleman from Illi-
nois represents draw wheat from the prairies
for exportation they draw from the soil a por-
tion of the vital principle of wheat for expor-
tation ; while if the wheat they produce were
consumed in the neighborhood and the straw
consumed by the mules and horses of iron-
works and coal mines, the vital elements thus
abstracted would be restored to their land and
the next^ear the crop would be as heavy as
the last. But they gather up their crop, and
if there be a foreign market for it send it over
thousands of miles of railroad and across the
ocean, to be transmuted into manure and in-
crease the reward of the English farmer's
labor. Free trade thus diminishes the results
of the labor of the gentleman's constituents
upon their acres. The farmers of the prairies
need such protection as the provisions of this
bill will give them.
The friends of the bill want to secure to the
farmers a home market. We want to enable
tliem to restore each autumn or spring the vital
principles of the soil extracted by caeh year's
crop of grain. Would you know how much
Ohio paid for her British goods during the last
decade? Take the cost price in gold, and add
to it half the value of her wheat lands. For
she began the dccade with thirty million bush-
els in 1850, and in 1860 she raised but fifteen
million bushels. She had sent, in addition to
the money value of the imported goods she
consumed, the wheat-yielding principle of her
acres to England to enrich the soil of that
island.
This question of protection is the farmer's
question; and the gentlemen from Iowa and
Illinois plead against the interest of their grain-
growing constituents when they strive to com-
pel us to consume British, French, and Belgian
articles. I plead the farmer's cause; and he
who will study the measured rewards of the
farmer's labors in the constantly diminishing
crops of our agricultural districts will find that
they diminish in proportion to'the amount of
white and hard crops gathered here and shipped
abroad for consumption and transmutation into
manure.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MOORHEAD. I rise to oppose the
amendment of my colleague, not for the pur-
pose of replying to his argument, but to say a
few words in answer to the eloquent argument
of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Harding.]
The item now is steel squares. It is therefore
connected with the manufacture of steel, and
is a good place for me to make the illustration
I desire. The gentleman from Illinois has
argued the question all through as if the amount
of duty levied upon the foreign article would
enhance the price to the extent of the duty,
and that the additional price would have to be
paid by the consumer.
The argument can be illustrated upon this
item of steel, as indeed it can upon every other
article imported from abroad. Twenty years
previous to the tariff of 1861, known as the
Morrill tariff—considered by many to be a high
tariff—the price of foreign steel, for we had no
American steel then, and have little now, was
from seventeen to nineteen cents. That tariff
advanced the duty. Previous to that it was
only twelve per cent, ad valorem. That tariff
more than doubled that rate. It has been in-
creased since bythe tariff of 1864, and we pro-
pose to advance it more. Notwithstanding this
is said to be the best country to sell in, on ac-
count of our inflated prices, still the price for
steel throughout the United States is much
less*~now than then. How can the gentleman
answer facts like these when he endeavors to
induce the people to believe the rate of duty
levied upon an article increases the price to
our constituents ? It is a false idea entirely,
and these facts in regard to steel show that it
is. I hope the gentleman will carefully con-
sider them, and if he does, I am sure he will
change the view he now takes of this subject.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I rise to move
an amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Neither amendment nor
debate is now in order.
Mr. KELLEY. I withdraw my amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I renew it. I
wish to say to gentlemen that all the arguments
they have presented to this House are predi-
cated on the basis that by reason of the duty
imposed the subjects of this legislation will be
protected from any_ reduction in price. They
say that reduction in price will ruin them, and
therefore it is necessary to keep it up. They
wish to keep the price so as to prevent all for-
eign competition. We are told that foreign
competition, by lowering the price to the con-
sumers of this country, would ruin them. It
will not be denied that this is the argument for
keeping the duty up on this and all other articles.
They ask this tariff that they may be protected
fi^im any reduction in price, and therefore the
consumers of the country are compelled to pay
the three hundred millions of revenue which
this is expected to raise. If you put a heavy
duty on nails for instance, I will have to pay it
if I use nails.
Mr. MOORHEAD. The gentleman is un-
fortunate in his illustration when he refers to
the duty on nails. We ask no protection on
nails now, and it is not necessary to put any
duty on the importation of nails. We can beat
the world in making nails. The very system
of protection we now propose has built that
manufacture to such an extent that it is able
to compete favorably with any like foreign
interest.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. If that inter-
est does not need any protection then why im-
pose a duty of two cents per pound on nails in
this bill? While I am ready and willing to
maintain the industrial interests of the country
against ruinous competition, I am unwilling
to put up the duty thirty per cent., the effect
of which will be to enrich during the next year
everybody connected with manufactures. If
we are now commencing to build woolen, cot-
ton, and other manufacturing establishments,
and if by this bill we are to pay thirty-three
and one third per cent, additional to the pres-
ent prices for all the material with which we
fit up those establishments, I do not see how
you call that encouraging manufactures. It is
a bill for the encouragement of those who lave
a large stock of goods on hand. They will
reap the benefit of it within the next year.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I wish the gentleman would
remember the history of cut nails. Under the
influence of the protective principle the price
of cut nails has come down so that they are
purchasable in the market for one quarter
what they were thirty years ago, and had it not
been for protection we should have been de-
pendent forthem to-dayupon England. Under
the system of protection there has sprung up a
competition in this country which has brought
that simple article of cut nails down to one
