1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
531
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 31, 1806.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxtos.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
TJSE OF THE HALL.
_ Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
I rise to a privileged question. I am directed
by the Committee on Rules to report the fol-
lowing additional rule.
The Clerk- read, as follows:
Add at the end of the rule-:
bulk —. The Hall of the House shall not be used for
any other purpose than the legislative business of the
House, nor shall the Speaker entertain any proposi-
tion to use it for any other purpose, 01- for the suspen-
sion of this rule: Provided, That this shall not inter-
fere with the performance oi divine service therein
under the direction of the Speaker, or with the use of
the same for caucus meetings of the members, or upon
occasions where the House may, by resolution, agree
to take part in any ceremonies to be observed therein.
Mr.WASHBUllNE,oflllinois. Mr.Speaker,
I will make a brief statement in regard to this
matter. The House will recollect that the in-
structions to the Committee on Rules were pos-
itive to report a rule to prevent hereafter the
use of this Hall for any other purpose than the
legitimate business of legislation; and we have
so reported, with the proviso read by the Clerk,
that it shall not interfere with the use, under the
Speaker's direction, of the Hall for divine ser-
vice, or on the occasions of the ceremonies in
honor of the late President, Mr. Lincoln, and
touching the demise of our recent associate,
Hon. Henry Winter Davis. With that proviso,
I think that the House will agree unanimously
to the rule we have submitted.
I will state further, sir, that I think the at-
tention of the House has not been sufficiently
called to this subject. We have found, on making
inquiries of the Doorkeeper, some curious facts
in reference to the absolute expenses of the
Hall for one evening. The expense for gas, as
near as it can be figured out. every evening we
grant the use of this Hall, is Slot), being at the
rate of twenty-five dollars an hour, and the Hall
having to be lighted up at six o'clock, and the
gas generally not .being turned off until twelve
o'clock. Then there is the additional expense
of twenty-live dollars for heating the Hall.
Besides, the wear and tear of the furniture and
the injury of the carpets aie mure in one even-
ing, when the Hall is loaned, than in one week
when the Hall is used for legitimate legislative
purposes. So we are told by the Doorkeeper;
and furthermore that there has not been a sin-
gle meeting that 1he desk of some member has
not been broken open ami rifled despite the
watchfulness of the officers of the House.
I think it right and proper we should put, an
end to this matter. It is a stringent rule, and
a stringent rule is necessary. Frequently these
meetings are called for benevolent purposes, and
members do not feel disposed to oppose them.
Mr. BINGHAM. Let me inquire whether
the rule makes an exception of the use of this
Hall for the contemplated services to the mem-
ory of the late President.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleman had heard the proviso read, and had
heard my remarks, that would have been fully
explained. We have a proviso for that very
purpose, and all such purposes.
Mr. IvELLEY. I desire to know whether
the resolution is to operate to repeal the grants
already made.
Mr. "WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Not at
all. Tt repeals nothing. The permissions that
have been granted, of course, hold good. This
is only for the future. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. STEVENS. I would suggest whether
we should not except, the use of the House for
the 12th and ->2d of February.
Mr. WASITBURNE, of Illinois. That is
provided for in the proviso.
Mr. STEVENS. The House has not yet
taken any action in regard to the 22d of Eeb-
1U'Mr,' WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The pro-
viso applies to precisely such cases as the gen-
tleman refers to. I ask that the whole rule
may be read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the understanding of the Committee on Rules
would be, that as the obsequies of the late
Henry Winter Davis were arranged by a meet-
ing of members of the House called in the Cap-
itol, the use of the Hall would not be excluded
by this rule as it stands. Where the House
participates in any service the Hall is not to be
prohibited by this rule. The Chair will also
state that the House has granted its consent by
yeas and nays for the use of the Hall by the
Christian Commission on their anniversaiy. so
that that would be excepted, and thev would
have a right to hold their meeting on Sunday,
the 11th of February. And so in regard to the
funeral obsequies of the late President, as that
has been arranged by the joint action of both
Houses. This lias been dibcussed in the Com-
mittee 011 Rules.
Mr. STEVENS. May I say this? That
although the arrangement has been made by
members of the House in regard to the funeral
obsequies of the late Ilonry Winter Davis, it
was not by action of the House, but by mem-
bers outside.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House now, that (he
use of the Hall should be granted for that pur-
pose before the rule shall be adopted.
Mr. HILL. 1 would ask whether the pro-
viso does not embrace in spirit that particular
occasion. Is it not the intention of the reso-
lution to embrace it?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think the
intention is express and clear; but to avoid all
doubt J ask the unanimous consent that the Ilall
be granted for the funeral obsequies of the late
Henry U inter Davis.
The SPEAKER. That is out of order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let the rule
be read again.
The Clerk read the rule again.
The call for the previous question was then
seconded, and the main question ordered;
and under the operation thereof the rule was
adopted.
Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the rule was
adopted; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider 011 the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
internal revenue act.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill to declare the meaning of certain parts of
the internal revenue act. approved June 30,
ISti-l, and for other purposes ; which was read a
first and second time, rei'ened to the Committee
of the Whole, and ordered to be printed.
commutation' of ration's.
Mr. KETCHAM, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read, |
considered, and agreed to: j
Erwhcd, That the Committee on Military Affairs :
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of au- ;
thorizmg the payment of commutations oblations to
alt prisoners of war for the period of their eonline-
lnent, and that they report by bill or otherwise.
tiih late arsenal explosion'.
Mr. INGERSOLL, from the Committee for i
the District of Columbia, asked leave to report J
a joint resolution for the relief of the sufferers
by the late explosion of the Lnited States ar- i
senal in the District of Columbia, and asked
its consideration at the present time.
Mr. DAVIS objected.
territory of montana.
Mr. McLEAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to amend an aet entitled " An act
to provide a temporary government for the Ter-
ritory of Montana," approved May 20, 180-1;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Territories. I
Also, a bill to regulate the fees of officers ;
in the United States courts iu the Territory of ;
Montana; which was read a, first (yid sceond 1
time, and referred to the Committee on Terri-
tories.
Mr. CONKLING called for the regular order
of business.
Mr. RAYMOND. I ask my colleague to
allow me to present joint resolutions of the
State of New York for reference.
Mr. CONKLING. I think we had better
have the regular order. If I give way to my
colleague I shall have to yield to others.
The SPEAKER proceeded, as the regular
order of business, to call the committees for
reports, commencing with the Committee on
Commerce.
treaty ok washington.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from the
Committee on Commerce, reported back. w;ith
the recommendation that it do pass, a bill to
further secure to American citizens certain
privileges under the treaty of Washington.
The bill provides that the produce of the for-
ests of the State of Maine upon the St. John
river and its tributaries, owned by American
eiti/.ens and sawed and hewed in the Province
of New Brunswick by American citizens, the
same being unmanufactured in whole or in part,
which is now admitted into the ports of the
United Slates free of duty, shall continue to be '
so admitted under such regulations as the Sec-
retary of the Treasury shall from time to pre-
scribe. The bill is to take effect from and after
March 17, 1SW!.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will ex-
plain in one word the object of this bill. Lum-
ber which is cut 011 American soil cannot be
got to market, except by coming down the St.
John river and touching in the Province. The
object of this bill is to prohibit the collection
of duties 011 such lumber in our own ports. It
is recommended by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. and the subject has been fully considered
bv the Committee on Commerce. 1 believe
there is no objection to it from any source.
Mr. MOltlilLL. 1 presume the bill is all
right; but I should like the gentleman to allow
time for the Committee of Ways and Means to
examine the subject.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Tlie gen-
tlemen from Maine are very much interested
in this bill. If it involves a question of which
the Committee of Ways and Means has juris-
diction. I do not wish to press it.
Mr. MORRILL. I will not make any objec-
tion to the bill.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the thiid time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois, moved to
reconsiderthovote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ti1e fishing bounties.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am di-
rected by the Committee on Commerce to re-
port back a bill to repeal the fishing bounties,
with a pioviso. Long looked for c-ome at. last.
The bill was read. It repeals all laws and
parts of laws allowing fishing bounties.
The committee reported the following pro-
viso :
Pmvidrd, That from and after the 15th day of Feb-
ruarv, 1S&3, vessels licensed to enprage in the fisheries
may take on board imported salt 111 bond, to be u-cd
in turinsr fish, midersueh resrulation-aslhosef rotary
of the Treasury shall prescribe: and upon proof that
said salt has been used in curing fish the duties 011 the
same shall be remitted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. This is an
absolute repeal of the falling bounties, with a
proviso that fishermen may purchase their salt
in bond free of duty.
Mr. BROOKS. I believe that this is a very
good bill as far as it.goes; but so far as the ship-
piug interests of the country is concerned, would
it not bo fair to extend the drawback to cord-
age. iron, and things of that sort?
"Mr. MORRILL. I hope the chairman of ihe
Committee 011 Commerce will not ask action
of the House on this bill at this time. Iho
Committee of Ways and Means would desire
