1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2555
Mr. COWAN. What was the war for, then ?
Mr. HOWARD. I -will tell you what the
war was for. There is no doubt about this
fact, that there was a universal condition of
armed hostility on the part of the seceding
States against the Government. That is ad-
mitted. There is no doubt about the further
fact that for four years and more the Govern-
ment was engaged in armed hostility against
these seceding States. I am not going into the
question as to what is the foundation of all
government, but I say to Senators, and espe-
cially to the Senator from Pennsylvania, that
in contests between political communities I
know of no law higher than physical force. Does
he ? Will he answer ?
Mr. COWAN. I shall be glad to answer at
some length, hereafter; but I will give the hon-
orable Senator enough to start on now to carry
him through. The several States of the Union
are, in my judgment, political communities 
Mr. HOWARD. I beg leave to restate the
question in order to avoid wandering.
Mr. COWAN. Then the gentleman does not
want an answer.
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir; I want an answer.
The question which I put to the honorable Sen-
ator is this; do you know of any higher law
than that of physical force between contending
political communities?
Mr. COWxlN. I have only to reply that the
question in itself is nonsense; there is no sense
about it; and nobody could answer it directly
as a question supposed to contain a sensible
proposition. I know what the gentleman means
by the question, and I will answer him at the
proper time, or now if he desires it; but I do
not want to interrupt him.
Mr. HOWARD. I am drawing my remarks
to a close. I supposed the honorable Senator
would treat my query very much in that way.
Mr. COWAN. If the Senator will allow me
I will put it in shape and answer it.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, for four
years the contest between these two parties
was that of force. For seven years the contest
between the colonies and the mother country
was a contest of force. The Declaration of
Independence was just as unconstitutional an
act, when construed in the light of British law,
as was any of the ordinances of secession; and
still the law which finally gave sanction and
enduring solemnity and importance and effect
to that immortal Declaration was the law of
force; and the civilized world has recognized the
independence of the United States as a nation
from and after the 4th of July, 177G, although
the contest between the parties endured for
seven years after tl^at date. Had the same
results accrued in the contest between the Uni-
ted States and the seceded States, the Senator
from Peniisylvania will not deny that the inde-
pendence of each of those States would have
been recognized as having taken effect from
and after the date of the ordinances of seces-
sion. For four years these States, in one form
or another, either separately or combined,
prosecuted awar against the United States for
the purpose of upholding their ordinances of
secession.
Now, I ask the Senator from Pennsylvania,
in case they had been successful, would the
ordinances of secession have been void? No,
sir; they would have been valid, upheld and
established by this highest law between con-
tending communities, physical foice. So far
as communities are concerned, so far as nations
are concerned which are at war with each other,
the question whether the war is right or wrong
is entirely immaterial; and in our ease the
only question of any importance is, what was
the actual condition of the rebel States during
the war? Why, sir, they were as independent
of the Government of the United States as is
the Government of Mexico. We reconquered
them, to be sure; but the States which we
brought back into the Union, if we did bring
back any States as such, were by no means
such States as existed before the war. They
were different. They were entitled to no other
appellation than that of conquered country.
Yes, sir, we haye a right to proclaim that they
are conquered, as much conquered as ever Gaul
or Germany was conquered by the Roman arms;
as much conquered as Canada was conquered
by the British forces during the Seven Years'
war; as much conquered as was theTBrit-
ish Government upon this continent in the
triumph of our arms—conquered, subjugated.
They lay at our feet. They had no Legisla-
tures of their own. There was no legislative
authority whatever which we either recognized
or were bound to recognize as the conqueror.
There was no other will that could prevail, or
that ought to prevail in the conquered territory
but the will of the United States in Congress
assembled—the will of the conqueror. It was
for us, and for us alone, sitting in the two
Houses of Congress to give the law to the con-
quered, not by any means the vce victis, not a
law of vengeance, destruction, or desolation,
but a law which should carry out the just pur-
poses and wishes of the American people in
regard to the rebel States; a law which in the
end should restore them to their original con-
dition and functions as States of the Union;
and no Union man here or elsewhere has ever,
so far as I know, contemplated anything else
but that, ultimately, and within a reasonable
time, and in a secure manner, these conquered
States shall be brought back into the Union.
It is necessarily the work of law, and law arising
under the Constitution itself.
It is said that these States have the right of
coming back to Congress. I grant it. They
have a right to return to their allegiance and
to be represented in the two Houses of Con-
gress ; but that right does not accrue, and can-
not accrue, until the conqueror—the Congress
of the United States—has seen that it is con-
sistent with their interests, with the interests
of their people, the interest of the whole people
of the United States. We hold them to-day
not by their own will, not by their willing fealty
to the Government, not in virtue of their fidelity
.to the Constitution ; but solely, in my judgment,
even to-day, by virtue of this highest law known
to communities—physical force. What keeps
your provisional governors in their seats to-day?
The 1' ederal bayonet. What preserves even ol d
Virginia to-day from a renewal of insurrection ?
What to-day hinders another conspiracy, the
calling together of another southern congress,
the election of another southern president, and
a general secession of all these States ? Is it
the friendliness of the rebel communities toward
the Government? Is it their love of the Union
of the United Stales and the Constitution? Is
it because they respect us? No, sir. If they
had the power to-day, and were not resisted or
prevented by the bayonet, I tell you that before
forty-eight hours you would see combinations,
conspiracies, legislative assemblies and con-
ventions assembling together, and you would
see these southern people again asserting the
right of secession, again setting up for State
independence, for independence as a southern
confederacy, a new nation upon the face of the
earth; and, in my opinion, that is to-day the
great object they most cherish at their hearts.
Sir, they look upon themselves as a separate
nation; their people cherish a love for a sepa-
rate nationality; and the honorable Senator
from Pennsylvania and the honorable Senator
from Connecticut, if they have read as atten-
tively as I have—and I have no doubt they
have—ought to be just as well convinced that
such would be the result as I am. Sir, it is
the bayonet, to-day, that preserves the author-
ity of the Government in the rebel Stales. Re-
move your military pressure, take away your
Freedmen's Bureau, take away the small frag-
ments of troops that now remain in the south-
ern States and elect as President of the United
States a man who does not believe in State
coercion—elect another James Buchanan, and
you will have, the moment he has entered upon
his office, another general secession. Mr. Pres-
ident, for one, I desire to guard against such a
contingency, I desire to take security from the
conquered ; I desire to impose on them some
reasonable conditions that shall save me and
my posterity, my constituents <md my coun-
trymen forever against the recurrence of the
evils through which wc have just passed; and
I say that this great duty, a duty almost too
mighty and too weighty for the best wisdom of
both Houses of Congress, still pertains to the
councils whom the people have constituted ia
these Halls, not to the President.
Sir, in the month of February, 1865, while
Hon. Mr. Collamer occupied the floor, he
made use of language so forcible and so clear,
upon the power of Congress over the rebel
States, that I must again trespass upon the
Senate by reading an extract. That gentle-
man had reflected long, carefully, and pro-
foundly upon this whole subject. We all know
the constitution of his mind, its remarkable
strength and elasticity, the clearness of his
conceptions, and the accuracy of his judg-
ment. He gives us this as the result of his
reflections. He says:
"Sir, are there not two sides and two parties to
this war ? It is the strangest war men over heard of
it' it has but one sido to it. I take it there are two
parties to this war: the several States who have
made it on the one side, and the national Govern-
ment against whom they made it on the other; and
I suppose the two parties must participate in the
restoration of peace and quietness, and their resto- '
ration to their former condition, or a condition where
tliev can perform their functions within the Govern-
ment, as integral parts of the Union. It is for Con-
gress to say when that state of things exist. Congress
is not bound to receive their members or to treat
them as being regular, loyal, integral members of
this Union bceause they have surceased fighting and
surceased military operations, until wo have seen a
return to lovalty and an obedience to their alle-
giance and the performance ol their fealty, the true
restoration of themselves to thoir former condition
of loyalty and obedience; and that must be for Con-
gress to decide."
If this is true, wliat authority has the Presi-
dent of the United States to decide that moment-
ous question as to the litness of the population
of a rebel State to be reconstructed into a State,
and to be represented in Congress? Can he
judge of the fitness of those constituencies?
Where in the Constitution does he find a war-
rant for passing such a judgment? Again,
Mr. Collamer says:
" Sir, when will, and when ought, Congress to admit
these States as being in their normal condition?
When they see that they furnish evidence ofit."
That is all that Congress is seeking to do
now, to obtain the evidence of their fitness for
restoration.
"It is not enough that they stoptheirhostility and
are repentant. They should present meet fruits for
repentance. They should iurnish to us by their actions
some evidence that the condition of loyalty and obe-
dience is their true condition again, and Congress
must pass upon it; otherwise we have no securities.
It is not enough that tbey lay down their arms. Our
courts should be established, our taxes should be
gathered, our duties should be collected in those
States," &g.
Again:
"The great essential thing now to insist upon, in
my judgment, is that Congress shall do nothing which
can in any way create a doubt about our power over
the subject."
Weighty words, indeed, sir—that Congress
should do nothing, even at that time, when the
war was raging, calculated to crcate any doubt
about the power of Congress over this whole
subject.
" Indeed, it is right to assertatthopropertime that
we have that power; and howand whenand in what
manner we shall execute that power is in the discre-
tion of Congress. 1 do not mean to occupy very much
time with that; but one thing I have to say: I believe
that when reestablishing the condition of peace with
that people, Congress,representingtheUnitedStates,
has power in ending this war as any other war, ioget
some security for the future. It would be a strange
thing if it were not true that this nation, in ending a
civil as well as a foreign war. could close it and make
peace by securing, if not'indemnity for the past, at
least some security for future peace. I do not be-
lieve that Congress is stripped of that power in relation
to this or any other war; and here I do not wish to
be understood as undertaking to assert the existence
of such a power without some warrant in the Consti-
tution."
And then he proceeds very learnedly and
conclusively to show whence he derives the
power. Now, Mr. President, as I have stated
before, the great issue is, shall Congx-ess dccide
the question of the right of the rebel States
to readinission into this Union as they once
were, or shall we tamely permit the President
of the United States, without law, without oin
