1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
115
39th Gong.... 1st
Apportionment of Representation—Mr. Henderson.
Senate.
It may be that the President was fully advised
of the character and extent of the crimes of the
rebels when he issued his proclamation. It may
be that no imposition was practiced on him to
secure the amnesty, but if it be so, it surely can-
not be that they have kept the conditions of the
pardon, at least the -President cannot think so.
The pardon was general, and included the en-
tire community with certain exceptions. Those
exceptions could not participate in reorganiza-
tion. The community pardoned did participate.
In ascertaining whether there has been a com-
pliance with the conditions, we must not, we
cannot, look to isolated or individual cases. Wo
must look to the community, the body-politic,
and hold all responsible for the action of that
pardoned community. The condition was that
the pardoned, that is, the masses, with certain-
named exceptions, should " faithfully support
all laws and proclamations which have been
made during the existing rebellion with refer-
ence to the emancipation of slaves."
Nobody doubts nowthatfreedom is legally se-
cured to the negro, and nobody doubts that full
civil rights attach to that condition, yet Missis-
sippi has passed a law denying the right of the
negro to hold real or personal property. The
same is true, I believe, of South Carolina, and
hence the order of General Sickles, to which I
have referred. The President himself, through
the order of General Terry, his agent at liich-
mond. proclaims to the world that the pardoned
or reconstructed rebels of Virginia are not "sup-
porting faithfully" the constitutional amend-
ment or Mr. Lincoln's proclamation of freedom,
but on the contrary are attempting to sell the
negroes back again into slavery. And so, Mr.
President, I might go on with the entire list of
these States, and show that the President, was
originally deceived, imposed upon, in his grant
of pardon originally, or else the conditions have
been so badly kept, as to forfeit the benefits of
the pardon, and thereby let in the power of
Congress over the entire subject-matter.
But admitting the validity of the pardon to
the extent claimed by the Senator from Indiana
and others, does it follow that the President
possessed the exclusive power to appoint pro-
visional governors, prescribe the qualifications
of voters, and revive the suspended functions
of these States, without the aid of the legisla-
tive power or even the counsel of the Senate in
the appointment, of the necessary agents.
Mr. President, I beg pardon of the Senate
for occupying so much of valuable time with-
out coming more immediately to the discussion
of the several proposed amendments to the Fed-
era! Constitution. Senators who have so fre-
quently interrupted me with questions or other-
wise. are more or less responsible. I propose
now to examine the amendments—
[At this point the honorable Senator yielded
the floor, at the request of gentlemen, and the
Senate went into executive session.]
Wednesday, February 14, 186G.
The Senate, as in Committee of the AVhole, resumed
the consideration of the joint resolution (H. R. No.
51) pro',io^in? an amendment to the Constitution of
the United State?.
Mr. HENDERSON continued:
Mr. President: On yesterday I attempted
to show the condition of the southern people,
the character of their new governments, and
the probable foolish and unnecessary contro-
versy now threatened between Congress and the
Executive. I sincerely hope it may not come,
but pride of opinion, the love of approbation,
the schemes now oiganized for party power,
the selfish plans of the future, the confidence
in popular prejudices, the distrust of public
justice, the recklessness of some, and the cau-
tious timidity of others, all point to trouble.
In such limes, and on such occasions, I know
of but one course of safety, and this is, to
reject what the conscience condemns and ac-
cept that which it approves. It is to cast aside
the claims of party, the considerations of tem-
porary advantage to individuals or sections
of country, and overcoming, alike, undue re-
sentments against defeated treason and preju-
dices against raee, to look forward only to the
best interests of the Republic. The interests
of the Republic are surely the best interests of
mankind, and he who subjects himself to ob-
loquy now, in order to promote those interests,
may trust his vindication to a grateful future.
The country is not satisfied. The loyal peo-
ple, the loyal press, members of Congress feel
that some guarantee for future peace must be
had before the southern representatives are
admitted. The question now is, what shall be
done ? I have already said that if Congress will
ignore the present organizations and provide at
once for an expression of sentiment by the loyal
whites alone in the seceded States, excluding
the willing traitors, who, by oath, abjured their
citizenship, the result will be, organizations
loyal in character and deserving the recognition
of Congress. But Congress is halting between
two opinions. It is hoping that loyalty may grow
up in the present organizations, as if apples
may be taught to grow upon thistles by culti-
vation, and sweetness be extracted from the
poison of the adder. I hope the committee
may find evidences of loyalty and attachment
to the Union in the present reconstruction,
evidences so strong as to bring conviction to
the unbeliever, and that we may soon have the
consummation so devoutly wished for, the re-
storation of the Union. At the first moment
when recognition in my judgment can be safely
made, I intend to give my consent. The present
condition of things cannot last long. It is ab-
normal, inconsistent with the elementary prin-
ciples of our Government and the remedy must
be promptly applied. Congress might have
been convened last summer without inconven-
ience, but it was not convened ; and now, in
case of foolish and stubborn differences between
the legislative and executive departments, our
complications may be serious.
The President insists upon an unconditional
indorsementof hisplan. Congress stands mute.
The country knows it is dissatisfied, and yet it
will not speak. Congress is losing in public
estimation because of its hesitancy. Atlastthe
committee of fifteen speaks, and gives us a guar-
antee in the shape of a constitutional amend-
ment, whether the only one to be given I do not
know, and asks us to adopt it as a security for
the future. What is it? I will read it:
Article —. Representatives shall be apportioned
among the several States which may be included
within this Union according to their respective num-
bers, eonntin? the whole number of persons in each
State, excluding Indians not taxed: Provided, That
whenever the elective franchise shall be denied or
abridged in any State on account of raee or eolor, all
persons therein of such race or color shall be excluded
from the basis of representation.
The distinguished Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Soixer] is dissatisfied with this pro-
posed guarantee, and offers a substitute in the
shape of a joint resolution of Congress, a sim-
ple act, which may be defeated by presidential
veto, or which, if signed, may be repealed by this
or any subsequent" Congress. It is in the fol-
lowing words:
Be it resolved hythc Senate and J louse of Representa-
tives of the United State.* of America in Congress assem-
bled, That in all States lately declared to bo in rebel-
lion there shall ho no oligarchy, aristocracy, caste, or
monopoly invested with peculiar privileges and pow-
ers, and there shall be no denial of rights, civil or
political, on account of color or rac.*; but all persons
shall be equal before the law, whether in the court-
room or at the ballot-box. And lhis&tatutc,made m
pursuance of the Constitution, shall be tho supremo,
law of the land, anything in the constitution or laws
of any such State to the contrary notwithstanding.
Feeling that T had a right to be dissatisfied
with both propositions, i have presented^ as a
substitute for the latter measure, a resolution of
amendment to the Constitution in the following
simple words:
Article 34. No State, in prescribing: the qualifica-
tions requisite lor doctors therein, ?«hu,ll discriminate
against any person on account of color or race.
It will be remembered that the clause of
the Constitution relative to representation and
taxation, as it now stands, is in the following
words:
_ "Representatives and direct tases shall be appor-
tioned among the several States which may be in-
cluded within this Union, according to their respective
numbers, which shall be determined by adding to the
whole number of free persons, including those bound
to service for a term of years and excluding Indians
not taxed, three fifths of all other persons."
This is the text of the Constitution as it now
stands; and of course unless amended the en-
tire population of the southern States, after the
next census, will bo reckoned in the basis- of
representation; that is, while the war made free-
men of the slaves against the will of the south-
ern whites, it has also the effect of increasing
the political power of the seceded States, both
in the lower branch of Congress and in tho col-
leges for the election of President. The very
natural feeling of the country rose against this
state of affairs. The desire was rather to re-
strain or limit their power than to increase it;
but the necessary result of leaving the Consti-
tution as it is, is to give the increased power.
The prejudices of loyal men arc naturally
excited against the rebels of those States, and
the conduct and character of the new organi-
zations, now asking admission, are not such as
to greatly diminish those prejudices. The per-
sistent refusal to recognize the negro, who had
been the friend of tho loyal men, as entitled
to any political consideration whatever, and
scarcely to the commonest rights of the civil
society, created a new disgust at their conduct,
and induced a desire to force upon them the
abandonment of what is thought to be an un-
founded prejudice, and at the same time to force
upon them a greater respect for those plain and
fundamental rights, which lie at the foundation
of all good government, and a denial of which
had precipitated upon the country the late
dreadful war. I am not at all surprised at this
general feeling. I am only surprised that the
committee of fifteen—gentlemen of such distin-
guished abilities, generally so tenacious of the
right and so ready to apprehend it—could have
satisfied themselves with the proposition offered,
either as a means of accomplishing the desired
security for the future, or as a measure sanc-
tioned by that justice and equality, now de-
manded by public sentiment, throughout the
country.
At an early period of the session the prevail-
ing sentiment, looking to the object T have indi-
cated, was in favor of a simple constitutional
provision by which representation should be
based on voters qualified as electors under the
respective State constitutions and laws. This,
it was thought, would force tho South to ac-
knowledge the political rights of the negro.
Indeed, it had no other object. I am not dis-
guising, nor will I disguise, for party purposes,
the object had in view in this or other meas-
ures. It is no time for dissembling. The ques-
tions are too great, the interests at stake, too
large for dissimulation. Any attempt now at
concealment is absurd. Is it not worse than
absurd ? 1 s it not criminal ? This proposition,
at least, had the merit of being equal. It put
no brand, no stigma upon any State. It left
each to determine the franchise foi itself. Those
who were thought worthy of the ballot in the
respective States were made the representative
basis in Congress. It stimulated the broadest
republicanism, the most extended suffrage, by
giving it the rewards due to such liberality. The
more the voters in the State, the greater was
to be the political power of that State in Con-
gress, and the greater its weight, in the choice
of President. No one seemed to doubt that
this proposition would secure the largest pos-
sible negro vote in the North and South consist-
ent with the peace, and good order, and proper
government of the respective States.
1" refer to this measure, its former popularity,
and the strange and sudden disfavor into which
it fell, to warn Senators against the danger of
