1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3515
quarter what it would have been had we en-
• joyed free trade and allowed England the mo-
nopoly of our markets. And so with every-
thing else. The principle is the same from
begiuning to end.
Now, Mr. Chairman, this tariff bill can be
framed, as I said yesterday, upon one of two
principles only. It must be upon the principle
of laying a duty either upon the raw material
or upon the manufactured article. And the
effect of this tariff must be one of two things,
either to bring in the manufactured article or
to bring in the laborer himself. It will import
either the product of the labor or the laborer
himself. The gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Hakdixg] may have his choice. It is an im-
possibility to frame this tariff upon any other
principle than that the article shall he manu-
factured on this side or on the other side of the
Atlantic. If upon the other side, the laborer
will stay there; if upon this side, he will come
here and enrich this country, and enrich the
gentleman's State more than any other. If the
State of Illinois, to which this Government has
donated public lands enough to make an em-
pire, wants wealth she must have laborers, and
she can have laborers if she will permit them
to be employed on this side of the water rather
than the other.
I defy any one to frame a system of tariff
upon any other than one of the two principles I
have named, namely, a discrimination against
American labor or a discrimination forit. lhe
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Haedixu] seems
to cling to the idea of the tariff ot 1846, which
was framed expressly and avowedly upon the
principle of free trade and discrimination
against the laborer of this country, and m
favor of the laborer of the old country. W e
were told yesterday that these doctrines were
old. So are these objections old. Buttheycome
from a new source. Heretofore they came from
the mouths of another party, another side of
the House ; now they are taken up on this side
of the House. But, sir, the fate of the taritt
of 184G, its ruinous effect upon the industry of
the country, would be the tate of this tariu if
it were framed upon the principles suggested
bv the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I withdraw the
amendment.
The question was taken on the amendment
of Mr. Morrill to strike out "six" and in-
sert " nine," and it was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On needles of all kinds for sewing, darning, and
knitting, forty per cent, ad valorem; on needles toi
knitting orsewins machines, one dollar per thousand,
and, in addition thereto, thirty-five per cent, ad va-
^On'table cutlery,with ivory, pearl, ormetal handles,
one dollar per dozen and forty-five per cent. ad va-
lorem ; on table cutlery with other than ivory, pear ,
or metal handles, twenty-live cents per dozen, and,
in addition thereto, forty per cent, ad valorem; on
butcher knives, cook's and shoo knives, and spatul.is
and palettes, one dollar per sross, and, m addition
thereto, fifty per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to strike out after
the word ^handles" the words "twenty-five
cents" and insert "twelve cents."
Mr. MORRILL. No objection.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
On cutlery of all kinds, not includinpj.Pocket^cut-
lery, not herein otherwise provided for, fifty per cent.
ad'valorem; on pocket knives and pocket cutlery ot
all kinds valued at not over five dollars per dozen,
seventy-five cents per dozen, and.m addition thereto,
fiftv per cent, ad valorem; valued at over live dol-
lars per dozen, two dollars per doyon, and,m addition
thereto, fifty per cent, ad valorem.
On steel skates costing twenty cents or less per pan,
ten cents per paii; costing over twenty cents per pair,
forty-five per cent, ad valorem. .
On padlocks and curry-combs of every description
and of whatever material composed, twenty-five cento
per dozen, and, in addition thereto, forty-fivepercent.
ad valorem.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend by adding
after the last paragraph the following:
On chest drawer, till, cupboard and wardrobe Iocks
of every description, and on door and shutter bolts,
Snd wrought iron drawers, twelve cents per dozen,
and, in addition thereto, forty-five cents ad viloiem.
This is rendered nccessary by reason of the
duty on the articles that enter into their manu-
facture.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On horse-slioe nails, all kinds, seven cents per
pound: on cut tacks, brads, or sprigs not exceeding
sixteen ouccs to the thousand, two and a naif cents
per thousand; exceeding sixteen ounces to the thou-
sand, three cents per pound. . .
On wrought nails andspikeslessvn size than tweiity-
penny, (20d.,) four cents per pound; and on all other
wrought nails or spikes, three cents per pound.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out the
last paragraph and insert in lieu thereof the
following:
On wrought-iron rivets, bolts, spikes, and nails less
in size than twenty-penny, four cents per pound; on
all other wrought-iron rivets, bolts, spikes, or nails
not herein otherwise provided for, three cents per
pound.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I move to insert after
the last paragraph, "onhorse and mule shoes,
two cents."
Mr. STEVENS. It ought to be more than
that.
Mr. GRISWOLD. The principal producers
of the articlc are .satisfied with two cents, but
1 am willing to make it higher if the gentleman
desires it.
Mr. STEVENS. I think it ought to be four
cents, but I will say three.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I will accept that.
Mr. KASSON. I understand the gentleman
to sav that the parties interested were satisfied
with two cents, but now the gentleman from
Pennsylvania proposes to increase it in order
to conform to the general principle of protec-
tion or prohibition. I think the gentleman
from New York had better adhere to what the
parties in interest are contented with.
Mr. MORRILL. I trust the amendment ,
making the duty three cents will not be adopted.
These articles arc made by patent machinery,
and are produced very cheaply, and I think
the manufacturers will be content with two
CGMi\ GRISWOLD. I will adhere to my ori-
ginal proposition, making it two cents per
pound.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
On railroad splicc-bar= or chairs, punched or un-
minched, two cents and a half per pound.
On iron bars for railroads ormchncd planes, made
to pattern, ready to lay down, one cent per pound.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out the
last paragraph and insert in lieu thereof the
following:
On all iron imported in bars for railroads or in-
clined planes, made to patterns and fitted to bo laid
down on such roads or planes without further man-
ufacture, one cent per pound.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I propose now to
strike out of the amendment the words ' one
cent per pound," and insert the words ' sev-
enty cents per one hundred pounds. ' Hie
amendment of the chairman of the committee
proposes to continue the present rate ot duty
on railroad iron. I do not expect with the
temper that has been manifested by this com-
mittee to succeed in reducing this rate of dutj.
I know that these iron men are very poor and
very much depressed, and I am glad to know
that some of those who are taking special in-
terest in this subject are also coming forward
as the champions of the western farmer.^
am almost disposed to suggest to the appoint-
in" power that the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Kellhy,] who gave us a disso.rta-
tion on farming this morning, be placed at the
head of the Agricultural Department, because
he Lrave us some ideas that it will be very difli-
cult to get our farmers in the W est to compre-
hend unless they shall come m some olhciaf
form from the head of that Department. _
Now, sir, the farming interest 111 the \\ est is
interested in this particular item of the bill.
We are engaged in the construction ot rail-
roads, and it is of the utmost importance to
that section of the country that those raihoads
shall be completed, and that they shall not be
retarded by the legislation of this Congress.
As I stated on yesterday, I repeat to-day, that
I am in favor of granting to American manu-
facturers fair and reasonable protection against
foreign competition. And, sir, I think we have
already granted by the action of the present
Congress some relief, for I hold in my hand a.
letter written by a person connected wit,h one
of the principal iron establishments in _ this
country, the Cambria Iron-Works, in which I
find a statement of the amount of reduction in
the former tax upon the iron interest of that
establishment. I find by the statement of this
letter, written by Mr. Morell, that the amount
of tax which we have taken off of every ton of
railroad iron is $8 40. We have taken off of
pig iron, according to his statement, $2 40.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GRISWOLD. Mr. Chairman, I desire
to inquire of the gentleman from Iowa what he
would regard as a proper protection for the
iron interests of this country.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will answer the
gentleman. I know that the iron interests ill
this country have been prosperous during the
past four years. I know that tlicy have pros-
pered under the present tariff. I know that
according to the statement of the gentleman
to whom I have referred—and any person can
satisfy himself as to its accuracy—wo have re-
duced the tax to the extent 1 have stated.
Mr. GUTS WOLD. 1 did not yield to the
gentleman for a speech, and I must go on
with my remarks. 1 desire to inform the gen-
tleman that instead of its being the fact that
prosperity has attended the manufacture of rail-
road iron during the last four years, not, a roll-
ing-mill in the country during the last eighteen
months has made one dollar ; and there is not
a mill ill the country that can run to-day, com- ,
petmg with the English manufacturer, without
a ruinous sacrifice in its business.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I wish to ask the
gentleman from New York a question.
Mr.GRISWOLD. I cannotyiold any further.
Mr. Chairman, the gentleman's strong point
js—au,l it is no new argument presents?" on
this floor—the strong point made by these
western gentlemen is, that they are in want of
railroad iron at a low price for the purpose
of cheapening the cost of constructing then-
railroads. 1 desire to ask the gentleman from
Iowa whether lie believes that striking at a great
interest of this country is the way to promote
the general prosperity and securc the construc-
tion of railroads in a portion of the country.
Now, sir, the cost of constructing railroads, on
the average, is forty to fifty thousand dollars
per mile. The difference between the present
duty on rails and the proposed duty would
make a difference of only $450 per mile m the
cost of the construction of iailroads. Yet the
gentleman, for the sake of saving four hundred
to four hundred and fifty dollars per mile m
the cost of constructing railroads, is ready and
willing (o strike at this great interest.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Will the gentleman
permit me to ask him a question?
Mr. GRISWOLD. No, sir; I have not time to
yield Now, sir, I should like members of this
House to decide whether they deem it incum-
bent on them to protect American interests,
or whether they are here to act m obedience
to the behests of the English manufacturer.
Tn the Engineer, an English publication, I
find, on page 295, the following:
" One of the obieets of the British association [tho
■Iron and Steel Association] is to look alter foreign
tarilis."
Now, Mr. Chairman, I present to the con-
sideration of the gentleman from Iowa the
question whether it is wise to respond to the
desire of the English association formed for the
protection of manufactures there and to look
after foreign tariffs, including the tariff of this
countrv. In perfect consistency with this pur-
pose is the issuing of the free-trade pamphlets,
which have been circulated throughout the
country. Congress has been flooded with them.
Every member has had placed upon lus desk
these specious arguments issued by the riee-
