1596
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
advocates to assert that the only way the ma-
jority can manifest its will must be by a single,
immediate, and direct vote upon the final issue,
and this they say is the universal or common
law. of Parliaments all the world over.
Mr. President, I deny that in toto; it is not
true that the majority when not bound by a
preexisting and express law cannot ascertain
its will in any manner it may see fit. It is not
restrained or limited in any way by any sup-
posititious or implied law; nor can it be ; it is
not in the nature of things.
Now, there are many ways of ascertaining
the will of the majority. The first and most
common is to put the main question at once,
as we do here in the Senate, and thus discover
on which side is the larger number of voices.
This may be called the direct mode, and is
especially applicable to all questions having
but two sides. But in cases of elections the
question may have more sides than two; nay,
there will be a side for every candidate pro-
posed, and the direct method is usually inap-
plicable without repeated trials—sometimes
fflreeks and months are spent in balloting before
a result is attained, as has happened in the
House of Representatives when choosing a
Speaker. Now, one of the most obvious ways
of avoiding that difficulty is to adopt the indi-
rect method, of-wliich there are many. A very
common one is to make a rule that after one
or more ballots only the two highest shall be
eligible as candidates and all the rest thrown
off. Now, this rule is the act of the majority,
and if, leads to another direct vote as between
the two highest, thus ending the contest. No-
body has yet complained of such a rule because
it excluded all the candidates but two, yet it
does so to efifcct a choice.
But the majority may make another rule, just
as they did in this case, namely, that a plurality
of votes shall elect 5 which is precisely the
same as throwing off all the candidates except
the one having the highest number of votes,
whom it agrees to accept as elected without
more; and the whole taken together consti-
tutes but one act, though an act with two parts,
and it was an act of the majority just as much
as if the majority had afterward ratified it by a
direct vote, as is sometimes done for greater
certainty. Even here the same thing was done
in effect, because the joint meeting immedi-
ately certified that Mr. Stockton was duly
cloctca, returned that to the Governor of the
State, who certified the same to the Senate of
the United States. Now, suppose the majority
were to protest against, all this before us, what
would have beo.u jour answer? Would you
not have asked, why did you make the rule?
Why did you not rescind it? Why did you
acquiesce in the election under it, and certify
it as your act?
Mr. IIOWE. If the Senator will allow me,
suppose the majority had agreed to select a
Senator by lot, and thp lot had fallen on the
gentleman, would that have been an act of the
majority ?
Mr. COWAN. Jf the majority did it, why
not? It is certainly the act of the majority, anil
I know 110 reason why it would not,'be a valid
act, because they were free to choose their own
mode, and we have no right to challenge the
one they adopted. I know that jurors are not
allowed lo bind themselves to render a verdict
determined by referring it to a hazard, but [
know of no authority competent to say to a
Legislature that they shall not decide by lot.
Such a way might be reprehensible and im-
proper, and I do not advocate it, bnt I do not
know that we could correct, by discarding it,
and I think it would be good if ratified by cer-
tifying it as the act of the body. In the pres-
ent case the majority agreed that the choice of
the most of the body should be the choiec of
the whole, and I have no doubt in the world
but that this is a proper and legitimate mode
of expressing the will of a majority.
The Constitution of the United States provides
that the Legislatures of the several States shall
elect Senators, and it is said that because the
election is committed to the Legislatures it is a
legislative act, only to be legally performed by
the Legislatures in the same way as they make
laws ; that is, that every act of theirs must be
by a majority of each House composing the
body acting concurrently, and not jointly. This
is absurd. A legislative act is the act of mak-
ing a law; that is the meaning of the word. To
elect a Senator is not to make a law, but to
choose an officer; and if the election of a Sena-
tor was given by the Constitution to a corpora-
tion of brick-layers, and they performed it, no-
body would say the act was building a wall or
layingbricks. Anybody would say this is absurd.
The word "Legislature," designated in the
Constitution as the State organ for the election
of Senators, is a mere word of description,
and does not indicate that the duty imposed is
legislative in its character. It does not per-
form that duty as a Legislature, but as a j< int
meeting; not as two bodies acting concur-
rently, but as one body acting jointly.
Now, it is said such a body not being able
to make a law cannot make a rule; but that
does not follow, for a law and a rul<j are differ-
ent. We cannot make laws here in the Sen-
ate, but wo can make rules ; and so of the
Legislature in joint meeting. It could not
legislate or make laws, but it could make rules
for its own government. Who could gainsay
their right? The rule was good and valid, but
it was like all rules, within the control of the
body making them, and it might have been re-
scinded by the majority making it if they did
not like its operation.
1 think the whole proceedings were under the
control of the joint meeting until they were
consummated; they might have reconsidered
the vote electing Mr. Stockton if they had
chosen to do so, notwithstanding the rule, be-
cause even if that was a brcach of good faith,
yet it was all in their own hands, and nobody
could prevent them.
Mr. FESSBNDEN. Couldthe majority have
voted to reconsider and then rejected him?
Mr. COWAN. I have no doubt of it. Un-
doubtedly a majority of a body can reconsider
a vote of the body.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Were they not bound
by it?
Mr. COWAN. They were bound by their
honor only "to abide the plurality rule, but there
was no tribunal to coerce them to do so or to
compel them to certify their final action, how-
ever improper their refusal to do might have
been, simply because they were bound by no
law in the premises except their own. Still,
we are not to meet that difficulty, as they did
not repudiate their own action, but consum-
mated it by reporting it, and by so doing re-
lieved it of all doubts of every kind as to whether
or not it was their act or the act of a majority
of (hem.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Having", as the organ of
the Judiciary Committee, made a report to the
Senate, in which we came to the conclusion
that the Senator from* New Jersey, whose right
to a seat was questioned, was entitled to his
seat, and having arrived at that conclusion after
as careful an investigation of the question as I
and those who were associated with mo were
capable of making, I consider it incumbent
upon me to state, after this somewhat protracted
debate, the considerations by which the com-
mittee were governed in coming to this conclu-
sion. In doing so, the only object I have, or
can have, and the only object I suppose any one
has, is that the law on this question may be
properly settled. It is purely a legal question
submitted to us as judges. My only desire is
that the Senate should not make an erroneous
decision in so important a matter as in the rep-
resentation-of one of the States here, or the
right of a member to his seat.
The Constitution of the United States pro-
vides that "the Senate of the United States
shall consist of two Senators from each State,
chosen by the Legislature thereof." The ques-
tion is, what is "the Legislature?" By some
it is supposed that it is that body acting in the
same capacity as it acts in the epactment of
laws in the State. But a different construction
has prevailed, and it has been settled by prece-
dent from the foundation of the Government
that the word "Legislature" is used here in the
Constitution as descriptive of the body that is
to make the election. It may make that elec-
tion by a separate vote of each House, the vote
of the Houses concurring, or the members of
both Houses may assemble together :>nd make
the election. The latter is the more general
practice throughout the United States. Very
few, considerably less than one half the States
at this time, I think, elect by the concurrent
action of the two Houses. Mr. Story, in his
Commentaries—and I trust I shall be excused
for referring to some of the elementary books,
which I should not refer to on the present oc-
casion were it not that in this discussion I find
the plainest, most obvious, and, as I supposed,
best settled principles of law disputed, and ar-
guments based upon assumptions of that char-
acter addressed to the consideration of the
Senate. _ Mr. Story says, in discussing the mode
of electing Senators:
"Another question might be suggested, whether the
Executive constitutes a part of the Legislature for
sucli a purpose, in eases where the State constitution
gives him a qualified negative upon the laws. But
this has been silently and universally settled again3t
the executive participation in the appointment."
He also says:
"Generally, but not universally, the choice of Sen-
ators is made by a concurrent vote."
Since the author wrote that has been changed,
and generally, but not universally, the choice
of Senators is made by joint conventions at the
present time.
Now, sir, it being admitted that the "Legis-
lature" named in the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States is a joint assembly of both bodies,
and that that joint assembly, when met, has
authority to elect, it matters not in that joint
assembly whether the successful candidate re-
ceives a single vote of one of the bodies; if he
obtains votes enough from the other he is le-
gally elected. For instance, in the State of
New Jersey, which has a General Assembly, as
it is called, of sixty members, and a Senate of
twenty-one members', nobody will question that
when met together for the purpose of electing
a United States Senator, if forty-one members
of the General Assembly had voted for a par-
ticular candidate, and every Senator and all
the other members of the Assembly had voted
against him, he would have been elected; so
that the two bodies are merged in one when
they meet. Then this mode of election by the
joint convention is an appropriate one.
Next, can a plurality elect? Extreme cases
are put. The question is asked, suppose that
an individual gets but two votes out of the
eighty-one members ; if every one had voted
separately except two, who concentrated on
one person, would he have been elected ? That
is not the question here. It is not to be decided
by putting extreme cases. I believe there is
not in the other end of this Capitol a single per-
son holding his seat except by virtue of a plu-
rality vote, and it might have happened that
every member in the House of Representatives
should obtain his seat by getting but two votes
before the people, if every other voter had voted
for himself or somebody that, nobody else cast
a vote for ; and yet does anybody deny the au-
thority to elect by a plurality?
Again, the Constituiion of the United States
says that Representatives shall he chosen by
the people who constitute the electors of the
most numerous branch of the State Legislature.
Whatismeantby " the people" in that case? Tt
does not mean majorities. Nobody construes
it so. It means that the man who gets the most
votes is elected in all the States. There have
been times: when majorities were required.
Then I take it for granted that this is not an
improper or unconstitutional or illegal way of
electing.
Now, how was Mr. Stockton elected? Let
us take his ease. From time immemorial in
New Jersey the mode of electing a United States
Senator was by a joint meeting of the two bodies.
From time immemorial this joint meeting had
prescribed its rules. It did so in 1794. Every
