3516
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 30,
Trade League in this country. Mr. Chairman,
whom do we find to be the managers and offi-
cers of this association 1 I stand here ready to
prove that not a solitary man among the officers
or counselors of this Free-Trade League is iden-
tified with the industrial interests of the United
States. Almost without exception every man
of them is either a mere theorist or is directly
or indirectly interested in or identified with the
English trade.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I withdraw the
amen4ment, that the gentleman from New York
I .Mr. Raymond] may renew it.
Mr. RAYMOND. Mr. Chairman, I renew
the amendment. I desire to say a few words
with reference to this particular clause in the
bill; and I shall not seek to have the House
decide it by an appeal to prejudices that may
be created, as they are often created, by quo-
tations from foreign newspapers or from the
circulars of some particular foreign firm. This
is a simple question of detail. My colleague
[Mr. Gimswold] appeals for protection to the
rolling interest of this country. That interest
is entitled to protection. There are other
interests also entitled to protection. But my
complaint is, that in seeking to protect one
interest gentlemen on this floor generally are
too apt to lose sight of all others. Sir, what
is the increase in this rate of duty and the rea-
son assigned for it? Previous to the last ses-
sion the duty on railroad iron was $13 44 per
ton. It was raised last year to $15 75, ex-
pressly for the reason that the internal tax
levied on it was $8 40. Now, that internal
tax has been thrown off, and yet it is proposed
to raise the duty to $22 40.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I ask the gentleman to
let me interrupt him for a moment.
Mr. RAYMOND. I do not want to be in-
terrupted. You can follow me. I wish to say
that is a large increase in the rate of duty on
railroad iron. See what is the whole amount of
duty levied on iron landed here—§15 75 to bo
paid*in gold; freight charges to be paid in gold ;
in.sura.nce and commission; in all $27 75ingold,
or $38 02 in currency, is to be paid on every
ton of railroad iron brought here from Eng-
land. That is so much protection on every ton..
According to the present law it is proposed to
increase it $6 75 in gold, or ten dollars in cur-
rency, so that every railroad that buys a ton of
iron landed here from abroad has to pay forty-
eight dollars in currency over and above the
cost of production abroad. If that is,not suffi-
cient protection, what, in Heaven's name, will
be ? The great objection I make to this cry for
protection is not that it is wrong in principle,
but that there is no end to it. We were told
in the beginning if we protected this infant
manufacture it would soon stand alone. Wo
have been doing that for thirty or forty years,
and yet every session of Congress witnesses
new demands for increased protection.
How will this fall on the railroad interest?
I take two railroad companies in my own State,
the Now York Central and the New York and
Erie, both employing more capital than all the
rolling interests in the United States, disburs-
ing ten times as much money and providing
for and supporting ten times as many people.
They renew one fifth of their roads every year,
and will require each two hundred and twenty
thousand tons to lay down new portions of their
tracks, on which they will have to pay $975,000
ofineiease ; that is, both will pay about two mil-
lion dollars by way of protection. In Heaven's
name, is not that enough ? They pay $2,000,000
apiece as internal tax, and we are to put
$2,000,000 more on them in the way of pro-
tective duty. They cannot stand such oppres-
sion. And these are only two roads out of all
. in the United States. They all paid something
like six million dollars of internal tax, and you
are proposing now to put $6,000,000 upon them
in the shape of protection. I desire to see the
time come when this iron interest will be able
to protect itself.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GRISWOLD. I desire to say that the
duty imposed under the present tariff affords
np protection at all to these rail makers. This
is proved not only by theory but by experience,
and I will demonstrate it to my colleague when-
ever he will give me an opportunity. We were
told at the first session of the Thirty-Eighth
Congress, against the plea for increased dnty
on American rail, that there was not capacity
in this country to produce all that was needed.
What are the facts to-day? _ With a capacity
in this country of producing nine hundred thou-
sand tons annually, last year the production
was only about three hundred and fifty or four
hundred thousand tons; and that was because
the price at which the low grade of English
rails were offered in the market of this coun-
try was so low that the American producers
could not compete with them. That is the sim-
ple fact. I commend it to the consideration of
the gentleman, and I appeal to his sense of
justice not to ignore that fact.
If gentlemen are going to single out for at-
tack this one single branch of the iron interest,
1 give them notice that it will be just as disas-
trous and fatal as though they attacked all the
branches of the iron interest together. You
cannot single out any one branch which ab-
sorbs so much labor and material as this does
without prodncinga disastrous effect upon every
branch of the iron interest. The gentleman
from New York city [Mr. Raymond] knows as
well as I do that no branch of industry in Eng-
land has ever contributed so much to the na-
tional wealth and prosperity of that country as
has the great "iron interest; and no branch of
industry will ever contribute so much to the
national wealth and prosperity of this country
as the great iron interest if properly encouraged
and protected. I appeal to him not to permit
his judgment to be warped by the futile and
specious arguments that are presented by gen-
tlemen who are interested in railways or Eng-
lish manufactures.
Mr. RAYMOND. I withdraw the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I renew the amend-
ment for the purpose of saying a few words.
I think if the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Griswold] would deal a little more in details
and not quite so much in generalities we might
understand this question a little better than we
do now. He says the manufacturers of rail-
roa,d iron in this country ha.ve not been con-
ducting a profitable business during the last
four years. I suppose they have not been
losing a great deal; they have probably suc-
ceeded in at least paying expenses.
Mr. GRISWOLD. Many have not.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The better way
for the gentleman to inform us would be to
tell us how much they have made or how
much they have lost per ton on the iron manu-
factured by them. If they have been able
heretofore barely to pay their way, they ought
to be satisfied now. As I have already shown
by the testimony of gentlemen interested in
the Cambria Iron-Works, we have relieved
them of an internal duty of §8 40 per ton.
And yet they ask us now to place an additional
duty of six dollars in gold per ton upon all
iron imported, in order to give them the pro-
tection they say they need. Now, sir, that is
a fact that we can all understand; we have
already relieved them of that amount of duty
per ton. There is no answer to that; no gen-
tleman has attempted to answer it. Let gen-
tlemen come down to these details and tell us
how much these manufacturers have made or
lost per ton, and then we can judge of this
question.
We have been asked to increase the duty on
this article ; and not only on this article, but
upon every article unbraced in this bill, because
of the high price of everything. The gentleman
from Vermont, the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, [Mr. Moebill,] com-
menced his speech the other day by deprecating
the amount of currency which we now have in
circulation. And he desires a reduction of the
currency in order that we may reduce the prices,
and thereby afford protection to American -
manufactures. Now, are you to reduce prices
by increasing the amount of protection given to
manufacturers ? If it is because of high prices
that they are not now making as much as they
desire to make, will you reduce those high prices
by affording them a margin of increase of price
on all their manufactures? Every one knows
that so far as you increase the marginal profits
to them by this protection, you hold out to the
workman the prospect of getting the manufac-
turer to accede to a demand for an increase of
his wages. And where is it to stop ? The truth
of the whole matter is, that this legislation is
simply legislation in favor of keeping up the
high prices that now prevail in this country;
it will have and can have no other effect. And
I say to the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Griswold] that I am not striking at this interest
merely. I desire to reduce all the duties pro-
vided for by this bill, and let them stand where
they now stand under existing legislation. I
am free to say that I will not vote for this
bill, for I believe it to be extravagant in its
demands and in its provisions. Ana I will re-
mark here, as I remarked yesterday, that those
who are asking for this legislation are making
the greatest legislative mistake that has ever
been made in connection with the interests of
the manufacturers of this country. They will,
by legislating so as to keep up the high prices
which now prevail in this country, place such
a burden upon the people as will bring about
a reaction which will swing back the rates of
duty far below where they are now.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD. There are two or three
points which I wish to noticc in the argument
of the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Wilson.]
I suppose he will agree with me that what we
do in reference to this clause about railroad
iron should be done so as at least to make the
bill distributively just. Now, I would be glad
to have him and other gentlemen consider this
question. If we put the tariff upon bar iron,
as has already been agreed upon, at one and a
quarter cent per pound, how can he regard it
as just to put a tariff on railroad iron of only
sevqn mills per pound? There is no distribu-
tive justice in such a rate as that. And if he
carries the point which he desires to carry, in
relation to railroad iron, then we ought to go
back and change every other item in the bill
in relation to iron.
It costs about the same to make a ton of
railroad iron that it does to make a ton of com-
mon bar iron. And because we have given
some special favor to railroad iron in the inter-
nal revenue bill, we give it less protection in
this bill than we do to common bar iron. And
the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wixsojf] wants
us to give it still less protection by reducing it
almost to one half of what is now proposed.
I am perfectly well aware that we have been
compelled to raise the tariff more than we other-
wise should have done, because of the opposi-
tion of the gentleman from Iowa and others to
a more stringent loan bill, which would have
reduced our inflated currency, and brought us
more rapidly down to the basis of fixed values
in this country. But as that large amount of
circulation is still afloat, and as values are con-
stantly changing, and liable to change even
more rapidly from the uncertainty of foreign
affairs, we must now give such protection to
our manufactures as we would not otherwise
have been compelled to give.
I am unwilling in this bill to adopt all the
dogmas of any one of the extreme parties,
whether free traders or tariff men. But as a
practical question I demand that our own in-
terests in this country shall not be eaten up
and destroyed by the interests of foreign man-
ufacturers. I remember perfectly well, and
gentlemen here remember, what has been the
policy of England for the last one hundred
and twenty-five years in reference to this coun-
try. The manufacturers and Birmingham
smiths, more than a century and a quarter
