2556
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 113
consent, to take in his own hands this vast mass
of legislative power which must necessarily be
employed in their full reconstruction ? C'est
le premier pas qui coute—it is the first step
always, that cost, in error.
If we wink at this assumption on the part of
the President, good and patriotic man though
he be—and I am not disposed to question his
patriotism—it will be but setting a precedent
for the future, and it is impossible to foresee
to what extravagant extent these executive pre-
tensions may be carried. Sir, upon a question
so momentous, involving the safety and pros-
perity for all time of the whole United States,
is it not, I ask gentlemen, becoming at least
that Congress should maintain a firm, manly,
and resolute stand? Call us what you may,
Radicals, Black Republicans, Revolutionists,
or what not; on this subject we occupy the
very breach itself; we occupy the passage-way;
we stand as did the three hundred Spartans
when their country was invaded by the count-
less hordes of Persia. For one I propose to
occupy this position so long as life shall last,
or so long at least as I have the honor of a seat
on this floor; and if I shall perish in the feeble
resistance which I may be able to make to these
executive pretensions ; if the Constitution is to
be swept away by fervor or fury, and we stripped
of the just powers which the people have in-
trusted to us, I hope that there will be at least
one of this Spartan band to survive the destruc-
tion, and who may be able to erect, as did the
commonwealth of Lacedemon upon the heights
overlooking that famous pass where the three
hundred foil, a monument to their courage and
patriotism, inscribed with these words of eter-
nal force and duration : ''Go, traveler, tell to
Lacedemon that we died here in obedience to
her sacred laws." I ask for no prouder monu-
ment.
And if there be any persons here or else-
where who expect to drive me, as a humble
member of this body, from the position I have
taken ; if there be a deluded class, either here
or elsewhere, \vlio expect to intimidate Con-
gress, or who aim to intimidate Congress into
a compliance with those executive edicts; if
we are to have a coup d'etat, as has been recom-
mended to the President by more than one of
the leading journals of the country published
in his interest; if we are to have "that policy
carried out which has been more than once
recommended by a newspaper in this city which
is supposed to speak his sentiments and by his
authority; if Congress is to be expelled by the
point of the bayonet, and rebel Senators and
rebel Representatives thrust into these Halls
in despite of our votes, I have this to say, not
boasting of peculiar personal courage, "come
on! 1 ask no favors! The first hand of violence
that shall be laid upon a member of this body
or the other body will be a signal for such an
uprising of the loyal northern masses as shall
teach him, whoever he may be, who puts him-
self at the head of the movement, that the
people of the United States have not forgotten
they are still a free people, and that they are
represented, and intend forever to be repre-
sented, by a_ free American Congress. [Mani-
festations of applause in the galleries.]
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, I think, in
view of the danger which portends and which
has been alluded to by the honorable Senator
irorn Michigan, that this is a good time to be
brave, and a good time to say stout things;
and 1 am glad that he has availed himself of
the opportunity. I am not so well pleased
that he has claimed for himself the position of
lieomdas and his Spartans in the pass of Ther-
mop;i lo?, in his fight. There the three hundred
stood against an invading horde of foreigners
■who sought their country. Where is the Sen-
ator standing now? Is he standing in the
breaca? Ay, sir, directly in the breach; but
it is in that breach which the American people
desire lo heal. He stands in that chasm which
they would bridge over. He stands in the
mouth of that wound which they would close
and cicatrize. That is his true position. He
stands in the very breach which prevents the
Union, the Union for which this war of which
he has spoken was undertaken, and for which
it was carried through in the manner in which
it was carried through.
Tl^jj Senator alleged that the southern States
during the war were out of the Union, and he
appealed to me as to whether they were not
out of the Union. Adnrtting for the nonce his
postulate, I put the question, what was the war
for? That he promised to answer, but that
was what he did not answer. It is the answer
to that question for whicb the American people
look from that honorable Senator and those
with whom he acts. What was the war for?
If the ordinances of secession, if the rebellion,
if the war, if anything which occurred during
that time took the eleven States in question
out of the Union, what was the war for? The
Union man answers, it was for the purpose of
supporting and sustaining and restoring the
Union; if they were out, it was to bring them
back; if they were not out, it was to keep them
in. Has not that been the understanding of
the American people, with the exception, per-
haps, of a few extremists ? Sir, that was the
unanimous opinion of the Congress of the Uni-
ted States in July, 1861. That was the almost
unanimous, if not the unanimous expression
of the opinion of the loyal States as to the
object and purpose of the war. Was it false?
Did that resolution assert a falsehood, or was
it a truth? Did it assert the true intention of
the people, orwas it a cover for a design which
they chose to conceal, and which is only devel-
oped now in the face of the people?
I say to the honorable Senator from Michi-
gan that the war was for the Union ; it was to
save the Union ; it was to restore it and to com-
pel the submissicjfi of those who desired to dis-
member the Union to the laws and the Consti-
tution of the country. The honorable Senator
is a member of the star-chamber committee
of fifteen; he is a member of that committee
which carries at its girdle tliekeysofthe Union ;
he was appointed to inquire into the temper of •
the southern people; he was appointed to in-
quire whether the people of those States were
fit to lie restored to their rights under the
Union j and now I say, as I said the other day,
if what he says is true, he indorses the Chicago
platform. He has established himself upon the
platform that the war was a failure; and ho ■'
flings out broadly, jnto the fares of American :
soldiers and American citizens, that instead of
restoring to the Union and to the country and
to their rights under the Union the people of
the South, the war was a failure; and here, in
the open face of day, in the presence of the
people, he says the southern people are a con-
quered people, and that we hold them, to use
his own language, by the point of Ihe bayonet.
Mr. President, is that so? I do not under-
take to take issue with the gentleman upon the
fact as te whether the condition of that people
be what he represents it to be or not. It is
enough for me to know chat that is the ground
upon which he plants himself here; and I am
exceedingly glad that_ he has so manfully
avowed it. The rebellion, then, was success-
ful in that: it took the rebel States out of the
Union; it took their people out, as a matter
of course, loyal and disloyal, false and true,
faithful and unfaithful; and since they have
been out, and since the reconquest has been
made, if you please to call it so, or since the
conclusion of the war, they have remained
dehors the L'nion, and are held as a conquered
people. If that is true, say so. We will meet
yon in the pass of Thermopylae or at Philippi,
if you please.
Mr. HOWARD. We will meet you at both
places.
Mr. COWAN". Very well; we will meet you
in the physical and in the spiritual. I believe
the meeting in one of those cases was physical
and the other spiritual.
Now, sir, I might ask here, by what title, by
what right, by what authority was tho honor-
able Senator, or anybody else, clothed in this
Government to make conquests of his fellow-
citizens ? Is it because he appeals to what he
calls the highest law, the law of force ? Does
he propose to place himself upon that? He
asked me, with an air of great triumph, if I
knew of any higher law between contending
communities than that of force. Sir, I know
of no more stupid, brutal law than that of
force. I know that it has to be resorted to,
and I know that it is resorted to in the absence
of reason, because it has obtained the name
of the ultima ratio regum; or, in other words,
when kings have no reason, they resort to force.
Now, I was about to say, in answer to the
Senator's question, but was prevented, that
when communities contend, they may submit
their differences to a test such as this, and then
the Constitution and the laws are the highest
law, and force has no place.
Mr. HOWARD. Then the use of force is
unconstitutional ?■
Mr; COWAN. Not at all. It was perfectly
constitutional and perfectly right with a just
purpose in view, but perfectly unconstitutional,
perfectly wrong, and without a single apology,
if the end and aim and object was that which
is avowed by the Senator from Michigan to-dtiy.
If the object was to compel the southern peo-
ple 
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President 
Mr. COWAN. I beg the honorable Senator's
pardon. I will give him a chance to say any-
thing he pleases at the proper time.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope tho Senator will
not misrepresent me, as he declines to yield
the floor.
Mr. COWAN. If the purpose was to com-
pel the southern people to fulfill their constitu-
tional obligations, and to obey the laws of the
Union, then we had a perfect right to do it.
Our right was as perfect as that of the sheriff
when he compels the felon to surrender to him,
and based upon precisely the same ground. If,
on the other hand, the war was for the' purpose
of conquering those people, holding them as our
vassals, treating them as serfs and slaves, sub-
ject to the domination of one half of the Union,
then, I say, it was an outrage upon all right,
all authority, and had no warrant anywhere,
either in the laws of God or the laws of man;
and especially on the pait of those who have
descended from the signers of the Declaration
of Independence, it would have been an atro-
city. [Manifestations of applause in the gal-
leries. 1
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr.PoMERor
in the chair.) Order must be observed in the
galleries.
Mr. COWAN. How did we justify ourselves
in the first Revolution? What did we say to
the mother country thenr and there ? That
every community, that every people had the
right to choose their own form of government.
I have heard the Declaration of Independence
quoted here a thousand times over to establish
absurdities which it never was intended to
establish ; but here is a great historical fact
that no man dare deny; and that is, that the
American Revolution was based upon the right
of a people to govern themselves, and that
nobody else had a right derived from heaven.
If they had the right, whence did they derive
it? From thegentleman's higher law of force?
And then talk about standing in the pass of
Thermopylae, and talk about building monu-
ments there!
"They fell devoted, but undyins;
The very gale their names seemed sighing-
The waters murmured of their name- '
The woods weie peopled with their fame;
Ihe silent pillar, lone and srey.
Claimed kindred with their sacred clay."
Why, sir. it is to desecrate that which has
sacred for three thousand years to allude
to Iheruiopylaj in such a connection. What
""[as struggle of Leonidas? That Greece
shouid govern Persia? No; it was to throw
back the tide of the Persians, who insisted,
according to this higher law of force, that the
king of kings, Xerxes, had a right, to govern
Greece, had aright to hold its oeoplc as a con-
quered people and its provinces as conquered
provinces.
Mr. President, let us look at this question
