1866,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
533
The bill as amended was then ordered to be I
engrossed for a third reading; and being en- i
grossed, it wag accordingly read the third time, i
and passed. ***
Air." TVSSHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to '
reconsider the vote by which tliebill was passed ;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ST 10CIS A POUT OF EXTRY.
Mr. TVASITBURNE, of Illinois, from the
Committee oil Commerce, reported adverscly
upou a bill to establish a port of entry at St.
Louis, Missouri; the bill v.as laid on the table.
PROPELLER V. YV\ BACKUS.
Mr. /VVASHBURNE, of Illinois, from the
Committee 011 Commerce, also reported ad-
versely upon the petition for a change of the
name of the propeller F. W. Backus; the peti-
tion was laid on the table.
MARITIME LIESS.
Mr. ELIOT, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported back House bill No. 0-1, to
limit the liabilities of ship-owners concerning
maritime liens, and for other purposes; and
moved that the same be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
REGISTRY or VESSELS.
Mr. ELIOT, from the Committee 011 Com-
merce. al«o reported a bill to regulate further
the registering of vessels, with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
The bill was read at length. It provides that
no ship or vessel which lias been recorded or
registered as an American vessel pursuant to
law. and which shall have been licensed or
otherwise authorized to sail under a foreign
flag or the protection of a foreign Government
during the existence of the rebellion, shall be
deemed or registered as an American vessel, or
shall have the rights and privileges of Ameri-
can vessels, except under an act of Congress
authorizing such registry.
Mr. ELIOT. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce to ask for the considera-
tion of this bill at this time.
Mr. BROOKS. AVill the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot] explain the ptu-
pose and object of this bill.
Mr. ELIOT. This bill affects only a single
class of vessels. Where vessels which were
American have been sold during the rebellion
and put under foreign flags by their owners, we
all understand that' in order that they may again
have the benefits of American registry, appli-
cation must lie made to Congress. This bill,
therefore, does not affect that class of vessels.
But there have been vessels owned by Ameri-
cans which during the rebellion have procured
licenses, or permits in the nature of licenses or
sea letters, by which they have enjoyed the pro-
tection of foreign flags without having changed
their ownership. Remaining upon the record
the properly of Americans, they have sailed
under the flag of foreign nations under licenses
obtained from foreign Governments.
Now, the object of this bill is to provide that
these vessels, which have thus sought the bene-
fit of foreign flags during the rebellion while
still owned by Americans, shall not be deemed
hereafter as American vessels, or privileged as
such, unless upon a case shown to Congress it.
should be found proper to authorize the regis-
try of them and the continuance of ihem as
American vessels. That is the sole object and
Scope of this bill.
Theie have been eases where disloyal men
have availed themselves of the Hags and priv-
ileges of foreign nations. And it has been
fhousht right by the Committee 011 Commerce
to report this bill and urge its passage, so that
after these owners have sought the protection
of a foreign nation, if any of 1 hem want the pro-
tection oi their own flag, ihev shall make a case
and show Congress that they have not forfeited
their right to ash for such protection.
Mr. SPALDING. 1 v.Kh to inquire of the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot] if
fhe law as it now stands permits the owners of
vessels which have been sold in the way and
manner he describes to take an American reg-
ister without further action by Congress?
Mr. ELIOT. No, sir; it does not.
_ Mr. SPA LDING. Then what is the neces-
sity of this bill?
Mr. ELIOT. Because this bill only affects
vessels which have not been sold, but which
have nevertheless sought the protection of for-
eign flags.
Mr. SPALDING. Still retaining their Amer-
ican ownership?
Mr. ELIOT. Yes, sir.
Air. SPALDING. Is that the only class of
vessels to which this bill relates?
Air. ELIOT. That is all.
Mr. BROOKS. \Y ill the gentleman yield to
me one moment?
Mr. ELIOT. Yes, sir.
Air. BROOKS. Theie seems to be some
doubt as to the 11 at me and effect, of this bill;
and I must confess that 1 do not quite under-
stand its operation, notwithstanding the expla-
nation of the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Ah. ELIOT. Perhaps I can explain it in
this way: let my suppose that there have been
vessels owned, we will savin Baltimore, which
have, during the rebellion, continued the prop-
erty of the old owners, but in order to enjoy a
freer right of way upon tly? ocean, and to avoid
the embarrassments to which ve.-sels sailing
under the American flag were subjected by rea-
son of the depredations of the rovers upon the
seas, they have procured, in different forms—
the forms of sea-letter or license—a right to
enjoy the protect ion and (lie privileges of for-
eign vessels. and have sailed under foreign flags,
while their loyal neighbors, with the stars and
stripes at. then- masthead, have been subjected
to great embarrassments, which 1 need not de-
tail here.for they are familiar to the gentlemen
of flic House. Kow, sir, we have believed that
when American owners have seen (it to seek
thai foreign protection, unlessihere v,eiestrong
reasons why they should ha\c done so, their
vessels ought, not no w to letaiu the character of
Anieiicau shi]ts.
I will say, sir. that Tunderstand the, decision
at the Treasury Department to have been that
where these \essels, although owned at home,
have procured foreign licenses, they cannot,
under the law as interpreted by that D.-part-
nient. be continued under American registers.
If that decision were em ively se fc—if thatcon-
strnction were, in fhe judgment of the commit-
tee, entirely sound—they would not probably
have deemed this legislation neoes-ary. But
there is a doubt whether ves-els which have
continued in the hands of American owners
but have been put under the protection of for-
eign flags may not have the tight to sail again
as American vessels; and it was believed that
it, was due to the loyal men v.ho have sobered
through this rebellion, who have clung to the
flag, encountering the disadvantages and dan-
gers to which their loyalty subjected them, that
they should be recognized as the class to continue
in the enjoyment of the right to float the flag
upon their masts, and that those who have waived
its privileges should not now seek to regain
them, unless they can show that they ought,
iiudet the circumstances of the ca^o. to tune
thai light granted. In that case ihev will apply
to Congress and legislation can be had. j
Air. BROOKS. I ask th<> centleman from I
Massachusetts to jield to me for one moment 1
Air. ELIOT. i wdi do so. j
Mr. BROOKS. Air Speaker, there Is great 1
disadvantage in acting upon an important hill i
like this, affecting the whole commerce of the
Atlantic and the Pacific, as well as that of the
lakes, without some better understanding of
the bill than it is possible for us to have upon
the mere reading of the bill by the Clck. I
would suggest to the gentleman from Massa-
ehuse'ts that he allow us to have the hill in a
printed form before it be put upon its passage ;
or if it will suit the gentleman better, it might
bo pas-ed to-dav. with the understanding that
it shall be printed, and shall be subject to re-
consideration. Then the subject can be broaght
up and disposed of finally to-morrow.
While I am np, let me make an additional
remark. Though the gentleman cites Baltimore
as a place where these licenses have been taken,
I will venture to say to him that, if the statis-
tics could be obtained, they would show that
more of such licenses have been taken in Mas-
sachusetts and Maine than in any other State
ol the Union. And why? Not because the
ship-owners there were more disloyal than they
| were elsewhere, but. because they have more
1 shipping than the citizens of any other State
j'in the Union except the State of New York.
I When the Federal Government was unable
to protect its shipping, when piratical cruisers
were abroad upon the ocean, partly in conse-
quence of the indisposition of our Govm nment
to rjuariel with foreign Powers, especially with
Fi ance and England, because of the fitting out
of such cruisers in those countries, every pos-
sible advantage was taken of foreign licenses and
foreign flags for the purpose of securing the
safe transportation of freights on the ocean.
This disloyalty, if it was disloyalty, prevailed
more in New England than m the State of
Maryland: it prevailed most where there was
most shipping.
1 did not, however, rise to oppose the bill,
but simply to ask that more time for examina-
tion be allowed before the bill be finally passed.
Air. PIKE. Will the gentleman from New
York [Air. Brooks] allow me to say a word?
Air. BROOKS. Yes. sir.
Air. Pi KE. I think the gentleman from New
York [Mr. BrooksJ is under a misapprehen-
sion as to the State of Maine; for, if 1 under-
stand the provisions of this bill, it does not
effect the vessels transferred by the ship-owners
of Maine, because almost all of those vessels
were transferred to British owners. The British
registry law requires that there shall be a British
ownership in order to obtain a British register.
If I undei stand it, the bill does not provide for
that class of cases. And if the gentleman will
allow me still further, 1 will say that while there
were many loyal and well-meaning people who
transferred ships during the war. the most of
those w ho did  o damned the flag that eeold
not protect them. I am opposed to allowing
any of them to come back.
Mr. BROOKS. That was the general feel-
ing among fhe whole commerce of the country;
ami I have no doubt as many were soldaswere
licensed, if, therefore, there was any disloy-
alty in that, the disloyalty extended to all parts
of the country.
I do not rise to support or oppose the bill,
for I do not clearly understand its provisions.
I want to read it in print, and then I will have
some fixed opinions on the subject.
Air. SPALDING. I hope the gentleman
from Massachusetts will consent to ha\ e the
bill printed and laid before the House in proper
form.
Air. ELTOT. I yield now to the gentleman
from Alain e. [Air. Lyxcii. ]
Ah. LYNCH. Air. Speaker, I hope that
action on this important measure will not be
deferred. I believe that immediate action is
demanded. Every day vessel> are coining back
; by an evasion of the present revenue laws, and
are taking out American registers.
if gentlemen will refer to the law of Decem-
ber l':'., 18">'2. they will find that it provides for
the Issue of American registers to foreign ves-
sels wrecked and sold to an American, where
the amount of repairs shall be three fourths of
the value of the vessel when repaired. Under
this law a great many vessels have obtained
American registers. 1 ha\e a long list of ves-
sels which have obtained registers under this
law through the custom-house at the, port of
New York; and it is a very significant fact that
all of these vessels were lbrnieily American and
transferred during the war to a foreign flag.
They come back ill this way; a man who had
put his vessel under a foreign flag, and has en-
joyed ail the advantages of its protection_dnring
the entire period of the rebellion, now desiring
to piocure an American register, adopts this
