1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2557
coolly. I ask again, by what warrant did we
make this war? Was it because, as the ques-
tion was put to me the other day, there is such
a thing as political dominancy, political sover-
eignty, by which one people have a right to
dominate another people? Who will dare to
avow it upon this floor? Our warrant was the
Constitution and the laws. We said to the
southern people: you bound yourselves, States
and people, with us in that Constitution'; you
assisted in making those laws; and now you
refuse to fulfill your obligations; now, you
undertake to sccedc and withdraw yourselves
from the operations of the very law that you
assisted to make under that Constitution ;
you provided that the Executive of the nation
should swear to support the Constitution;
you provided that he should see that the
laws were faithfully executed; you provided
that' those laws should be paramount, that
they should be higher than all other laws
within their particular constitutional circle;
you did all that, and wo claim the right to
compel you to stand upon them. Sir, we did.
We compelled the recusants, we compelled the
rebels, we compelled the traitors, if you please,
to lay down their arms and yield obedience—to
the Senator from Michigan or anybody? Not
at all, sir. It was not by any especial virtue
of his or mine; it was not on account of any
superiority that we might assume over the
southern people that we claimed the right to
compel their surrender. We did it in the name
of the Constitution and standing under the
shadow of the majesty of the law. They sur-
rendered to the law.
Mr JJOWARD. They surrendered to our
arms^ff
Mr. COWAN. They surrendered to the
law. Your arms compelled them to surrender
to the law, but they surrendered to the law.
The honorable Senator is a lawyer, and a good
one, I should say, in many of the departments
of that profession; and impressed as he is,
impregnated as he is all through with the very
spirit of the law, .the moment that surrender
was made the honorable Senator would not
have dared to lift his hand to the worst rebel
of them all. He would not have been guilty
of the impropriety of which the Senator from
Nevada [Mr. Nye] was the other day, when
he said that he would have hanged Jeff. Davis
without law. The honorable Senator knows
that the man who would do so, the man who
would violate the sanctity of the law and take
a criminal out of the grasp of the law and
execute his individual vengeance upon him,
would be a murderer in fact and a murderer
in law. The law is supreme over the Ameri-
can people, and it is to the law that we bow.
We owe no allegiance to Presidents or to Con-
gresses or to anybody else as the sovereigns
in this country, and thank God for it! I hope
the day may never come when we, as citizens
of this great and free Republic, shall be held
to obedience to anything but the law. Do you
want to be slaves? Do you want to wear the
collar and the harness of a man superior over
you? If you do you are unworthy sons of
revolutionary sires. T yield me to the law,
but. I yield l,o no man and no body of men ;
and without desiring to boast at all, I will
make my boast there; I will never submit to
wearing the collar or the harness ol' any man.
I am willing to pay my obeisance humbly to
the law. I am willing to yield to its require-
ments, even when I believe it to be unconsti-
tutional ; but I will obey the law and never
obey the behests of any 'single man or body
of raen unless they are enforced upon me and
I cannot resist it.
The honorable Senator set out by trying to
show that Mr. Lincoln's plan of reconstruction
was not President Johnson's plan of recon-
struction. That was his object. He proposed
to set that question entirely at rest, and I can
state to you in a very few words how nearly he
came to it. President Johnson, in his last
annual message, declared that it-was for each
House of Congress to determine for itself upon"
the admission of members of Congress from the
rebellious States. That was his phrase; and
that was all. Nobody pretends that President
Johnson ever undertook to say tliat we should
admit this man or that man or the other gnan,
or that we should reject this one or the other
one. Even the honorable Senator himself did
not pretend it. What did he say? He gave
a legal opinion in that respect. W as it a good
opinion or was it a bad one? What does the
Constitution provide in that case? Does the
Constitution provide that this Senate shall
determine who shall be members of the Senate
and who shall not, or does it confer that power
jointly upon the Senate and the House ? It is
very expressive on that subject. It is about
as clear as it can be made. The Constitution
confers the power upon each House separately.
Then the Senator read Mr. Lincoln's opinion
on that point, and Mr. Lincoln's phrase was
the "'respective Houses.'' What does that
mean? Does that meau the Houses jointly or
the Houses separately. 1 should not think it
would require a very close or accurate criticism
to determine that. There is the whole of it.
Now, Mr. President a very brief statement
will set all this matter right. The States are
corporations ; they are legal persons, haying no
actual physical existence, but existing in con-
templation of law for the purpose of carrying
out the purposes of the trust, and the citizens
of the several States are corporators; and in
one of its aspects, and in this aspect, a State
may be contemplated precisely as jou contem-
plate a bank or a railroad or any other corpo-
ration. The officers of these corporations, the
oflicers of rebel States, and a certain number
of the corporators, if you please—I am not here
disposed to quarrel as to the number or to
dispute as to the number; that can be talked
of hereafter—undertook to pervert the purpose
of the corporation, undertook to carry thecor-
poration bodily away from the original intent,
and purpose to which it was bound bythe Con^
stitution and the laws. What was the duty of
the United States under these circumstances?
Was it not their bounden duty to see that the
citizens, the corporators, even if there were not
more than a dozen of them faithful, should not
be deprived of their franchise, and that this
corporation should not be carried away with-
out their will and consent ? I say that if there
was one man from the rebel States who came
up and protested against Ibis pervcision of the
State corporate authorities and being carried
away by secession, the United States Govern-
ment would have been bound to listen to him
and to rescue him and restore him to his
rights as guarantied under the Constitution and
the laws. Well, sir. that was the iew the
United States took of it. They took precisely
the same view of it, that a court of chancery
takes of trusts. Thtfy were the custodian of
the rights of thepeople, the general custodian;
and they interfered* that the trusts might be
preserved ; that the corporation might not, be
perverted from its original uses? W'hat then?
War resulted and the war was successful; re-
sistance ceased. When that happened, there
were two ways by which those corporations
could be restored. Who could restore them ?
Gentlemen talk here about Congress restoring
them; they talk about the President restoring
them; they talkabout anybody restoring them.
I can say to gentlemen that in this country
States are not. made by Presidents, States are
not made by Congress; State governments
are not made by them. Neither the President
nor Congress nor anybody else when this war
was put down had a right to interfere in the
restoration of the corporate.rights of the cit-
izens of the southern States. The question
was to be referred to them. There were two
ways of doing it. One was to allowthe corpo-
rate officers to continue upon their profession
of repentanec and coming back within the pur-
view of the original groat charter.
Suppose, if you please, that Governor Brown,
of Georgia, and the Legislature of Georgia,
who had been in rebellion, professed repent-
ance and acknowledged the Government of
the Union and their obligations to the Consti-
tution and laws just as before, what would
you have done with them? You could do one
of two things. Yon could say, "Very well,
that is all right; you may go on just as yon
arc, provided you obey the Constitution and
the laws, subject, however, to our right to
hang you ; we have the right to hang you if
Ave choose to enforce it, but that is a question
we will not decide now ; in the mean time we
will hold it in abeyance over your head, and
you can go on and play Governor and Legis-
lature." That was one way, and the Presi-
dent had a perfect right to do that. Nobody
could quarrel with him if he had chosen to
take that course.
On the other hand, the President, had the-
perfect right to say to these men, " You have
been engaged in rebellion ; yon have been in
complicity with treason and unfaithful to the
trust committed to you by your people ; you
are set aside, your office is vacated." What
then? What would a court say in such a case,
and I address some who have been judges?
The court then appoint somebody to support
the trust until the corporators meet together
and elect for themselves.
Mr. HOWE. Let me ask the Senator where,
the President gets the authority to set aside
the Governors and Legislatures of States.
Mr. COWAN. I should think that a man
who had the power to do a thing indirectly
would have power to do it directly.
Mr. HOWE. I ask the question where the
President gets that power.
Mr. COWAN. I will tell you where he gets
it. He gets it as the supreme Executive of
the nation. lie gets it by virtue of the war-
rant, which the American people gave him to
go down there and to suppress the rebellion,
and to take all that he found in armed resist-
ance to it. Had he not that power?
Mr. HOWE. He had the power to suppress
the armed forces engaged in the rebellion ; but
where did he get the power to deppsethe Gov-
ernor and the Legislature of a State; and
judges, and municipal officers?
Mr. COWAN. Precisely from the same
source that the constable gets it, piecisely from
the same source that the sheriff gets it. or the
marshal gets it. He gets it under and by virtue
of'the law. He had the right to drive these peo-
ple from their places by virtue of that authority.
Jilr. HOWE. Then a sheriff, I understand,
would have the same right as the President.
Mr. COWAN. Instead of saying to the
man, "You must go out of your office," the
sheriff could do it by arresting him. and why?
Because if the sheriff, who has limited power,
allowed the man to go out from his control,
he would not he very likely to take him easily
again: but, the President had all these people
in his net, and they could not very readily get
out of it.
Mr. HOWE. Well 
Mr. COWAN. I decline to yield further:
I do not want any more interpolations. I
think everybody will" understand me when I get
through, and if not, I do not know that I can
make myself any plainer.
There is the source of the authority. I do not
say that was a better plan than the other plan.
1 have no quarrel about that. It was within
the option of the President to take either of
these plans. He had a right to arrest these
people ; he had a light to allow them to jgo at
large on their parole, or. in other words, he had
a right to admit them to bail, if you please, in
that behalf; and ho had a right to establish
officers there to support the trust until the cor-
porators, the citizens of the States, could come
back and resume their functions and elect new
officers true and faithful to their trust.
Mr. Johnson cho^e the latterof these courses.
Where was the necessity for quarreling with
if Where did the quarrel come from 1 he
southern people did not complain of it. _ No-
body ever heard Governor Letcher, ot Vir-
ginia, or Governor Brown, of Georgia, or any
