1806.]
appendix to the goimkessotal globe.
m
39th -Cong. ... 1st Sess .
Apportionment of Representation—Mr. Henderson.
senate.
And he says further:
" To have rtedueed the different qualifications in the
different States to one uniform rule would probably
have been as dissatisfactory to ^oiae of. the States ae
it would have been to the Convention."
, Hence the Convention left the suffrage ques-
tion to the States, believing, in the language of
Mr. Madison, that it could not be "feared that
the people of the States will alter this part of
their constitution in such a manner as to abridge
the rights secured to them by the Federal Con-
stitution." In this Mr. Madison and the good
men of his day were deceived. The-Statesin many
instances, itis true, enlarged the rightofsuffrage
to the whites, but as slavery became profitable,
the rights of the free negroes were gradually
"abridged," until all, except some ofthe New
England States, denied them the suffrage. I
infer from this language of Mr. Madison, if the
Convention could have foreseen this revolution
in sentiment, the child of avarice in the white
man, and not the result of discovered incapa-
city in the black for.the duties of citizenship,
some provision would have been made to.pre-
vent this abridgment of the suffrage. 1 am
left to infer as much from what he says, in the
thirty-ninth number-of-the Federalist, in defin-
ing a republic. He says:
_" It is essential to such a Government that it be de-
rived from the sreat body of the society, not from an
inconsiderable -proportion, or a favored class of it;
otherwise, ahandful of'ts-r&nnieal.nobles, exercising
their oppressions by a delegation of their powers,
might aspire to the rank of republicans and claim
for their Governs cut the honorable title of republic."
These things were not provided against be-
cause they were not anticipated. They have
now come upon us, and it behooves us to rem-
edy the e-^il, not by saying the evil may con-
tinue, and "if it does, we will add another evil
to it, hut by msiking our State governments truly
republican.
Representation was purposely made unequal
in the Senate, but in the lower House it was
purposely placed where the States could not
alter it if they would. It was based, not on
voters, but on the masses of people, old and
young, black and white, sane and insane, ex-
cluding Indians not taxed and including three
fifths of the slaves. There was a contest as to
whether slaves should be represented in the
E'ederal basis. There never was any contest
as to free persons. All admitted the justice of
including them in the ratio. In the fifty-fourth
number of the Federalist, Mr. Madison says;
"It is not contended that the number of people in
each State ought not to be the standard foT regulat-
ing the proportion of those who are to represent the
people of each State."
He says further, in that connection, that—
"The establishment of the same rule for the ap-
portionment of taxes will probably be as little con-
tested."
Though he insists the rule in the latter case is
not founded on the same principle. This is
true. Nobody can doubt that representation
should be based on population. Taxes may
properly be based on wealth; but is it not
monstrous that a proposition should be urged,
at this day of experience :in the science of gov-
ernment, proposing that representation should
be substantially confined to voters, while taxa-
tion is purposely left to be apportioned on num-
bers? Missourihasnowagreater population than
Massachusetts. Massachusetts has three times
her wealth. Under this rule Missouri will pay
larger taxes than Massachusetts and have less
power in Congress. Mr. Madison said that
representation should be based on population
because '' the rule is understood to refer to the
personal rights of the people, with which it has
a natural and universal connection." In the
case of taxation, he said "the rule is in no
case a precise measure and in ordinary cases a
very unfit one." The less wealthy States had
to accept the rule in the case of taxation. It
was then, and is now, hard enough.
Butwlienlam asked to give up political power,
that the practical application of an always un-
just rule in taxation, now to be made odious,
may be enforced against me, I cannot, I will
not, consent. It is no answer to say that you
mean well. If so, wby not do well? The ne-
groes of the South must be included in the
ratio of E7ederal -representation or we are no
better than those who exclude Cheih from the
suffrage. You give their former o-wners the
right to drive them from the ballot;box, and
the only punishment you propose is to rob both
the oppressorand the oppressed of their money.
It is a-compromise that the whites may govern
the blacks in the State. governments of the
South and wring from them Sweat and tears,
provided the northern atid eastern States are
permitted to control the national Government.
This is a Government of the entire people.
Women and minors have an interest in it.
Your legislation acts upon them. It gathers
taxes of them without asking theni if their
respective States permit them to vote. Why
should they not be represented here, even
though they are not permitted to vote in the
States? The Constitution provides that—
'-'The Congress shall have power to lay and collect
taxes, duties, imposts, and excises, to pay the debts
and Brovidc for thecommon defense and general wel-
fare of the United States."
If the negroes now in the State of Louisiana
continue to live there with the whites, their pur-
suits will be of the same character as those of
the whites. Whatever may be existing preju-
dices between the whites and the blacks, the
future will develop an identity of interests.
What is favorable to one will be favorable to
tire other. What is injurious to one will be
injurious to the other. If the white man grows
sugsr-c«ine and makes sugar in Louisiana, the
negro will do the same. If, -in Alabama, the old
planter or Yankee adventurer who will go down
there, undertakes to grow cotton, the negro will
grow cotton also, anrl the interests of the planter
and the Yankee adventurer and the negro are
identically the same. You cannot separate them.
Have the women of Maine and Massachusetts
no -interest in the legislation of Congress? Do
yon dare say that they are not interested as
much as the men? Do they not pay taxes?
The Senator from Massachusetts told us the
other day that James Otis said that taxation
without representation is tyranny. The Sena-
tor from Maryland [Mr. Johnson] replied that
this referred only to representation in the Eng-
lish .Parliament, where we had none. But if
the principle be true only as applied in that
case, how dare you make partial representa-
tion? If.it be odious and tyrannical to deny
representation entirely, the least diminution of
it opens the door to wrong. Lead us not into
temptation. Power is dangerous, when prop-
erly obtained. When unjustly obtained, it can-
not exist, except in the corrupt elements which
gave it birth.
Mr. SUMNER. I will remind the Senator
that Otis claimed representation for each indi-
vidual. He did not claim it merely for the
community.
Mr. HENDERSON. I did not know that
he went to that extent in the speech alluded to.
It only makes the ease stronger.
Mr. SUMNER. He did, as I shall show at
the proper time.
Mr. HENDERSON. I was very well satis-
fied, without examining his views, that the prin-
ciple he laid down must go to that extent. Half
representation is half as bad as no representa-
tion. If it be tyranny to deny it entirely, it is
half tyranny to deny the half, and half tyranny
is equally, a violation of the great principle of
right. It is only a difference in degree; it is
only modified tyranny, but it is tyranny at last.
Now, sir, Congress is constantly revising our
impost duties; and equally often we revise our
stamp, income, and excise taxes; and if you
will give the distinguished Senator from Maine.
[Mr. Fessexden,] the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance, the power to regulate im-
post-and excise duties according to his wiiland
pleasure, it is- quite certain that he can build-
up the people of the State of Maine, or the
people of all New England if he choose, and
make them rich while other sections mav be
dragged down to poverty. Look at the varied
products of this country and thirtk how taxes .
may be adjusted. You do not raise cotton in
Maiae, nor-in Massachusetts, nor in any other
New England State, But you riiauufaeture
the article in large quantities. Cotton is the
chief production of a great many of the south-
erti States. Suppose you increase your tariff
on cotton goods and levy an excise tax upon
the growth of cotton in the southern States,
giving a drawback for the tax on the-raw ma-
terial, as you proposed at the last session of
Congress to the manufacturer, but denying it
to the producer, thereby levying in effect an
export tax and paying bounties to the manu-
facturer, how long before New England would
be filled with the stream of wealth that had its
source in the sweat of southern laborers?
Is not the negro interested in this? He may
have no ballot in Alabama. But this should
excite your sympathy aftd not tempt you to
rob him. The same may be said of the sngaf
interests-of Louisiana, the tobacco and grape
interests of Missouri, the turpentine interests
of North Carolina, the pork interests of Ohio,
and the whisky interests of Illinois and Indiana.
It is useless to spend time in enumerating the
many evils to spring from unequal and unfair
representation. They meet us at every step.
When representation in the lower House be-
comes unequal, the salt of the Constitution is
gone. This looks like an effort to give the
power in the lower House, by another compro-
mise, to the same section of country to which
an undue power was given in the Senate. If it
must be done, let it be done in another name
than mercy to the black man.
Again, the Constitution provides:
"The Congress shall have power to regulate com-
merce with foreign nations, and among the several
States, and with the Indian tribes."
In the formation of the Constitution this
power was considered by the commercial States
of such great importaneeto them that in con-
sideration thereof they bartered away the lib-
erties of a race. With unequal representation
in the hands of the commercial section, what
injuries might not be inflicted on the agricul-
tural portions of the community?
Are not the negroes interested in the exercise
of this power by Congress? For many years
tliey must look to agriculture for support.
Laws, oppressive to them and ruinous to their
pursuits, may be passed under this and other
clauses of the Constitution. The interests of
the negro deserve consideration whether he
enjoys the franchise or not.
Again, Cohgress has the power "to declare
war," "to raise and support armies," " to pro-
vide and maintain a navy." The mercantile
interests of our nation are now in no kind mood
toward England. I do not propose to speak of
the action of England during our late war, or
to condemn or indorse the denunciations of her
conduct toward us. I simply refer to our pres-
ent attitude to that Power to show the injustice
of the pending proposition. Is war to be de-
clared? Some persons desire it to be done, and
thousands of our people might grow rich with
'' letters of marque and reprisal.'' The mercan-
tile interests might be rejoiced at an opportunity
to retaliate for real or imaginary wrongs. How-
ever such a war might gratify individual or sec-
tional feeling, however it might add to our
national glory, yet it would be a war of vast
proportions, destroying the material interests of
the nation, plunging us into almost hopeless
bankruptcy, and bringing poverty and misery
to all classes. If a minority of the people, in-
habiting the Atlantic States, had the power and
the -rtill to declare such a war, and to impress
the majority into the armies of the nation to
maintain it, What sort of a Government wonld
ours be ? 'fcan it he said that the negro of the
southern1 States, struggling in poverty to support
