1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBJE.
joint meeting which met from that day to the
time of the election of the present member
adopted rules for its own government. The
question is asked, had it ever adopted a rule
that a plurality should elect before ? No. Had
it ever adopted a rule that a majority should
not elect before ? Yes. The question is not
whether it has adopted this particular rule;
the question is, had it authority to adopt rules
for its government? And if it had, it had a
right to adopt any reasonable rule, not an un-
reasonable one. It adopted a rule in 1851 by
which a majority of a quorum could not elect,
and it acted under it for years. It required a
majority of all the members elected to both
Houses to constitute an election under, the rule
adopted in 1851. There were but eighty-one
members in both Houses; forty-one was a ma-
jority ; and under the majority rule if forty-one
Senators and members had met, twenty-one
could have made an election. Would that mili-
tate against the right of a Senator here because
twenty-one elected him out of eighty-one ? The
argument would be just as good as to say that it
militates against the right of the election in this
case when it is said that only forty voted for the
person elected out of eighty-one. Under the
majority rule, twenty-one could have elected a
Senator. What is this majority rule? It is a
rule adopted for convenience. Does it mean
a majority of the whole body? No. That is
not what you mean by a majority in the sense
in which it has been used in this discussion ;
but it means the majority of a division. First,
you divide the legislative power into two parts,
and that part which has the largest number you
may divide again. The majority of a quorum
is all you mean by it; you mean twenty-one out
of eighty-one; so that'this argument that the
Senator from New Jersey was not elected be-
cause he did not receive when the vote was
taken a majority of all the persons elected to the
Legislature of New Jersey, goes for nothing.
Nobody contends for that, except there is a
rule, as there was in New Jersey in 1851, requir-
ing it. Let it not then be said that the Senator
holds his seat by forty votes out of eighty-one.
On the principle you are advocating he might
hold his seat here by twenty-one votes out of
eighty-one. That does not prove anything. It
is not true that he is here with a majority of
the Legislature of New Jersey protesting against
him. These protestants do not constitute as
many as the votes he got; he got more votes
than all these protestants put together; and he
got them in pursuance of the action of the
whole body.
This convention when it met together, hav-
ing made rules for its government at every
meeting of the joint convention for more than
seventy years, did the same thing on the occa-
sion of the election of Mr. Stockton. But
Senators say it never did this precise thing;
it never declared that a minority should elect.
If it had a right to declare that more than a
majority of those present should be required,
had it not a right to declare that a plurality
should elect, or adopt any other rule ? The
point is as to the adoption of the rule for its
own government, not as to this particular rule
unless it is an unreasonable one. They did
adopt this rule, not by a minority; a majority
of the senators and representatives of the State
of New Jersey composing the Legislature of the
State of New Jersey assembled together, and
a majority of all of them, forty-one, declared that
they would express their will as to who should
represent the State of New Jersey by taking a,
vote and giving the certificate of election to the
man who got the most votes. They proceeded
to ballot. Mr. Stockton received more votes
than any other person, was declared elected,
and the joint convention proceeding to the
election of other officers, completed its busi-
ness. adjourned, and no more was heard of it
until a protest is afterwards got up by a minor-
ity of the Legislature, a less number than voted
for the Senator, who ask now that he be un-
seated, or who deny the validity of his election j
because ho was elected in the manner that a I
majority of that joint convention prescribed.
There is the case.
But a distinction is mad.e by Senators be-
tween a Legislature which can elect and a Le-
gislature which can prescribe a rule. Let us
test that. It is admitted, not denied by any-
body in'the Senate, that the two bodies of the
Legislature in joint meeting may elect a Sena-
tor. They are a Legislature for that purpose
of electing. Nobody denies that; hut it is said
they cannot prescribe a rule. Why can they
not? Thajjtrescribing of rules is a legislative
act, says tW Senator from Maine. Let us see
if it is a legislative act. If it is a legislative
act, then it must be an act which goes through
the forms of legislation; and it must be an act
submitted to the Governor for his approval,
bocause no legislative act can have force-in the
State of New Jersey which is not submitted to
the Governor for his approval.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let me ask the Senator
what in the world the Governor has to do with
the election of a Senator from New Jersey.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Nothing under heaven.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then the Houses can
prescribe rules.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then _ it is not a legis-
lative act, and that is the precise point to which
I am attempting to bring the Senator from
Maine. It is not a legislative act, because no
legislative act can have effect in the State of
New Jersey that is not submitted to the Gov-
ernor, and Story says it is uniformly settled
that the Governor has nothing to do with the
election of a Senator.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is like the case of a
concurrent resolution passed by us.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is not a legislative
act. If it was you would have to take it to the
President for his approval. Will you show me
by the authority of the Constitution of the
Tlnited States or the constitution of New Jer-
sey, that you have a right to do a legislative
act that you are not bound to submit to the
approval of the President or of the Governor?
Mr. FESSENDEN. My answer is, that any-
thing the Legislature has a right to do they do
as a legislative act.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well; then the
Legislature has a right to elcct a Senator, and
that is a legislative act. Now, ] have the Sen-
ator right where 1 want him, because >he says
anything the Legislature has a right to do is a
legislative act. He admits that the Legisla-
ture in joint convention have a right to elect a
Senator. Then the election of a Senator is a
legislative act, and of course they can make
the rule.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is the Senator's
own argument.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is what the Senator
said.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I said no such thing.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I beg pardon, if I mis-
understood the Senator. I understood him to
say that whatever the Legislature could do was
a legislative act.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I say that now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He says whatever the
Legislature can do is a legislative act, and ho
says the Legislature in joint convention can
elect a Senator. He admits that. Then that
is a legislative act, is it not? I
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly it is if they j
have a right to do it. 1
Mr. TRUMBULL. Do you deny the right j
of a joint convention to elect a Senator? !
Mr. FESSENDEN. I beg the Senator not i
to argue this matter as if it were a small case i
before a justice of the'peace. Catching up j
words in that way amounts to nothing in the [
world. The point 1 made, and the point other !
gentlemen made, is that while the Legislature
may elect by a convention, the convention 1
must be duly appointed and authorized by the
Legislature itself, acting as a Legislature, and
as legislative bodies makine up the convention, jl
The convention can do nothing that Lhev have |
not authority from the Legislature proper to 'j
do; and if they transcend that, what they do II
is not an act that, can he sustained. That is
the point. They must have their authority by
an act of the Legislature that-is the legal action
of the Legislature. The Senator, will see the
difference. .
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now, it is the action-of
thg Legislature, not a legislative act.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I was not talking ab.out
a law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. _ The Senator does not,
mean a law. I think it very important, in the
right decision of this question, that we should
understand what a law is, and wjiat the pro-
ceeding is by which a Senator is elected. I
have no other desire in the world than, that
the Senate make a right decision in this mat-
ter. I do not desire to catch at any point or
place anybody in a false position; and if it
could seem that I was doing so, I do not in-
tend it in that way. I am only arguing it for
the purpose of showing that the positions as-
sumed are untenable. Now, the Senator from
Maine says:
" It is manifest, therefore, that it may be well to con-
sider what the relation is in which the Legislature
stands to the Government in reference merely to the
election of Senators. I have always held, and now
hold, that the Legislature in the election of a Tlnited
States Senator is merely the agentof the Constitution
ofthe United Statestoperform aeertainaet. Itis the
designation of a body, a body recognized as a constit-
uent partof thegovernmentof each State. The Con-
stitution selects that body of men to perform certain
acts in connection with tbeGrovcrnmentof the United
States. The body thus selected is therefore, in the
performance of that act, but the mere agent of the
Constitution oftlie United States to perform it. Itis
therefore under the control of no other power. No
provision in theconstitution of New Jersey providing
the mode in which a Senator shall be elected, or the
course that shall bo taken, or the rules of the pro-
ceeding, or anything of that kind would bind in any
way the Lesislature which is to perform the act. No
provision oflaw of apreviousLegislature would bind
the Legislature which is to perform that act."
With most that is here said I entirely concur,
but I am not quite prepared to concur in the
last sentence, that no provision of law of a pre-
vious Legislature would in any manner bind
the Legislature called on to perform the act.
It may bo so; perhaps it is; but take this very
case in New Jersey, where there is a law pro-
viding that the Senators shall be elected in joint
meeting. That law can only he repealed by
another body. Could the two Houses by con-
current resolution elect a man in violation of
that law ?
Mr. l^ESSENDEN. Unquestionably.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator says '1 un-
questionably." It would not be because the
law was repealed. It would be because the
law was not valid.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not operative.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not operative, and then
the election may be effected without the aid of
the law-making power of the State; that is, by
the body which constitutes the Legislature to
make the law and not in pursuance of any law
whatever. That is so in my State. We have
never had a law, and there is not in the State
of Illinois to-day any statute providing for the
mode of electing Senators. I think that is the
case in several of the States. The practice is
this: a resolution is introduced into one of the
bodies proposing to go into the election, or ask-
ing the other House to meet them on a certain
day to proceed to the election of a United
States Senator. That is sent to the other House,
and if the other House concurs the two bodies
meet on the day assigned and make the elec-
tion. We have no law on the subject, but if
there was a law providing the mode it certainly
could not be repealed by this concurient reso-
lution, because that would not have the force
of a law.
So after all it seems, accordingto the views
of those who think this election invalid, that
a good election may be made right in the teeth
of a statute law of the State. If that is so,
then it does not require a law to proscribe the
mode of election. It is a mere rule. The Sen-
ator says the two bodies acting concurrently
may do thai., but they cannot when they get to-
gether. I have always held in the various eon-
tested-election cases we have had here that the
