1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
351r
ago, petitioned Parliament in the following
words:
" That the American people may be subjected to
such restriction® assballforevcrsecure the iron trade
to this country."
And that is still the purpose and policy of
Great Britain. And those gentlemen who de-
siie to give Gre<it Britain the opportunity to
accomplish that purpose, will vote with the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] on the
proposition he has now made.
Why. sir, in 17-50 a bill was actually intro-
duced into the British Parliament ordering
that every iron mill and slitting mill in Amer-
ica should be demolished ; and it only lacked
two votes of becoming a law. And although
that bill did not carry they did carry a prop-
osition that from that time forward no slit-
tin? mill should ever be erected in America,
and that no trip-hammer, to be run by water-
power, should ever be erected in America;
that we might produce the raw material, but
that it should be exported to them to be manu-
factured. And whenever the Americans went
to work to supply themselves with what they
needed the Birmingham smiths went up to Par-
liament with a petition that such legislation
might be had as would forever secure the iron
trade to the people of Great Britain. And 1
wish to say that the same sort of issue is now
upon this country.
While I am upon the floor, I wish to respond
to a question of the distinguished gentleman
from New York city, [Mr. Raymoxd.] He
wants to know where this cry for piutection
will end; when the iron interest will be suffi-
ciently protected to stand alone. I will an-
swer the gentleman. It will be, if that unfor-
tunate day over comes, when American labor
is only equal to the pauper labor of Great Brit-
ain in its wages per day. If that happy day
shall ever conic when the amount of our cap-
ital shall be proportionately as great, and the
rate of our interest shall be as low as it is in
Great Britain, then he may be able to find
what he seeks.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I withdraw the
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. DODGE. I renew the amendment to
the amendment for the purpose of saying a few
words. I am confident that there is no portion
of the country so deeply interested in the in-
crease of our iron interests, and particularly
the interest of railroad iron, as is the West.
The State of Iowa, twelve hundred miles from
the sea-coast, is more deeply interested in the
successful increase of the railroad interests ol
the country thanalmostany other State, Within
the last five years there lias been a vast in-
crease of the capacity of rolling iron in this
country. I differ from my colleague from New
York city [Mr. Raymond] in regard to the
prosperity of the iron interests of this country.
I know that for the last eighteen months those
interests have been far from prosperous. But
during the early years of the war i he iron inter-
ests were prosperous, and during that time the
railroad iron mills of this country increased
rapidly. The railroad interests of the West,
are now stimulating the production of_railroad
iron in the West. There are now rolling-mills
in Chicago; there are rolling-mills in St. Louis;
and I have been informed within a few days
past that a large amount of capital is about to
be raised to put up immense rolling-mills on
the Mississippi river, near the Iron mountain
in Missouri.
The people of the West are more interested
than any other portion of our people in secu-
ring railroad iron made from the best quality
of iron. The railroad interests of this coun-
tiy for the last fifteen years have suffered im-
measurably from the poor quality of the rail-
road iron that has been imported into this
country. They have had the products of the
cinders of the mountains of Wales converted
into rails and imported into this country. The
result has been the imposition^ of a tremen-
dous expense upon the railroad interests. ^ e
want to develop the manufacture of railroad
iron from the very best quality of iron. It is
of more consequence, to railroads that they
secure the first quality of rails than that they
shall procure them at a low price. And grant
the protection now proposed and railroad iron
mills will spring up all over the West, not only
providing new rails, which are wanted for the
construction of new roads, but rerolling the
old rails and perpetuating in the cheapest pos-
sible manner all the mighty railroad interests
of the West. I now withdraw the amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. ALLISON. I renew the amendment to
the amendment. I think this particular pro-
vision in relation to railroad iron should be
changed as originally proposed by my colleague,
[Mr. Wilson,] and I beg gentlemen who are
insisting here upon protection not to regard
those of us who oppose the full measure of
protection that they ask as being in favor of
free trade. I am willing for one to give to the
manufacturers of this country all the protec-
tion that the necessities of the hour require.
But I am not willing to give them such protec-
tion as I believe they do not require. We have
a proposition here to increase the duty upon
railroad iron to the extent of six dollars per
ton. And yet in the internal revenue bill which
we havejust passed we have relieved that branch
of industry entirely from internal taxes. We
have taken the duty off coal; we have taken
the duty off pig iron, and wo have taken the
duty oft' railroad iron, or relieved the railroad
iron of burdens of internal taxation to the ex-
tent of ,>S per ton ; and yet gentlemen, not
content with that, ask that we shall give an
increased protection of six dollars per ton to
every manufacturer of lailroad iron. And upon
what, giound do they ask this protection ? That
these industries are not flourishing at this time.
I undertake to say, and 1 care not what other
gentlemen may say upon that question, that
the railroad ironinterests and the railroad iron
manufacturers of the country have flourished
during the last year.
I hold in my hand the return from the Cam-
bria Iron-Works, of Pennsylvania, a company
having a capital of $2,000,000, showing that
during the last year they have paid 8215,000
of internal tax, or ten percent, upon their cap-
ital. It shows they have made a greaterprotit
upon the capital invested than perhaps any
other class of capitalists in this country. 1 do
not suppose they have been ruined during the
last year when they were able to pay ten per
cent, or £215,001) of internal tax.
By reference to the report of the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, I find that the
iron interest has increased during the last year.
The State of Pennsylvania has paid more tax
for the rolling of railroad iron during the nine
months preceding this than during the entire
year of 18t)i-t)!). Notwithstanding all this these
gentlemen ask additional protection of six dol-
lars per ton, when we have given £8 13 on rail-
road iron. In addition to that, we have given
this interest a special protection by our legis-
lation in reference to the Pacific railroad. We
are now building ihree or four roads across the
continent, and have compelled them all 10 pur-
chase iron of American-manufacture. Is not
this a protection not given to any other inter-
est? We have never compelled any class oi our
people to purchase goods of American manu-
facture, but have uniformly allowed them to
go where they pleased to purchase what they
needed. So then this railroad interest has a
soeeial protection which has been afforded to
no other interest. Now, Mr. Chairman, when
I consented to the reduction of three dollars
per ton on railroad iron in the internal tax
bill, I did it on the understanding that there
would be uo proposition to increase the duty
on imported lailroad iron.
Mr. JIOORHEAD. I ask the gentleman, if
he had any such understanding, with^vhom it
was he had it.
Mr. ALLISON. I may have perhaps_ used
too strong an expression. I am not at liberty
to state what occurred in committee on this
subject, or I would be very happy to commu-
nicate everything for the information of the
House. 1 do not say the gentleman from the
Pittsburg district is not and has not been in
favor of the largest protection to the iron in-
terest. I am with him, and with all others, in
favor of protection, but not to the same extent.
1 am in favor of protection when there is ne-
cessity for it, but there is no such necessity, in
my opinion, for the high rate of tariff proposed
in this bill for the protection of this iron in-
terest.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ALLISON, by unanimods consent, then
withdrew his amendment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I renew it; and I do it
for the purpose of expressing a few ideas not
given by the gentleman from Iowa in connec-
tion with this duty. There is another great
interest more seriously affected by this bill than
cither the iron or railroad interest, or indeed
than both interests combined. The agricult-
ural interests of the country will feel the result
of this legislation. Gentlemen representing
the iron interest seem to have taken the agri-
cultural interest under their especial charge,
thus seeming to insinuate that the Represent-
atives of the great West are incapable of pro-
tecting their own particular interests.
They say that we must build up a home mar-
ket for the agricultural products of our country.
Now, our products are affected by the facility
or want of facility of getting them to market,
and for the purpose of affording the facility
required we are straining every nerve to build
railroads, so that the farmers may have ready
access lor their products to market. And here
we have a proposition to increase the duty six
dollars in gold on railroad iron. "We know how
that will affect the railroad interest, of the West,
it will inteifere with it very seriously by im-
peding the construction of those railroads;
for unless we can extend transportation facil-
ities to the farmers of the West their products
will remain on their hands. This increase of
duty, therefore, is really a tax on the agricult-
ural interest. It will enhance the price of rail-
road iron, and to that extent increase the dif-
fieulty of building these roads so necessary to
the West. The increased duty will come out
of the pockets of the agriculturists. Every
farmer who raises a pound of beef or pork, or
who attempts to transport a barrel of flour or
bushel of corn to market, has to pay this tax:.
Now, I do not see why this interest should be
so heavily oppressed for the protection of the
iron interest.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman all those
free-trade doctrines that are now located along
the Mississippi were some years ago further
located down South. I had hoped that they
were expunged from the bee industrial manu-
facturing North, but I was mistaken. What-
ever else the secessionists took with tlieni I am
very sorry they did not take all their relics of
free-trade doctrine with them. But it seems
they did not; a little of the seed is left.
Mr. Chairman, thirty years ago, before there
were rolling-mills in Pennsylvania for iron bars
of this kind, the price of that article introduced
from England was more than three times what
it was five years ago, before the war. It was
reduced from the former price simply by pro-
tecting American manufactures, and enabling
our rolling-mills to build up the trade. And
| yet these gentlemen cannotsee it, cannot under-
stand it. They are blind to everything but a the-
| ory which is mere theory, and never can be re-
I duced to practice without crushing all the in-
! dustry of this country. Do not gentlemen If now
i that the reason why England can now send
I into this country, as she does, nearly as much
I iron as we make is because the price of _ labor
i is but one third what it is here? Why, sir, the
■ price of iron is well ascertained to consist of
I one part capital to nineteen parts labor. Nme-
i teen twentieths of it is labor. It is the laborer,
' therefore, th'ar. thc=e gentlemen are striking at;
i it is the laborer whom the Free-Trade League
