2558
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
other southern man complain of it; but the
complaint comes from our side. It comes
from some of the people of the North who
claim for themselves to be, par excellence,
Union men. They are the men who quarrel
with the action of the President in this behalf,
and they quarreled with Mr. Lincoln from the
very outstart upon the same principle. They
Eassed a bill, which, I believe, authorized Mr.
incoln to do what he was doing, or pretty
nearly that, and he pocketed it. That was
their support of Mr. Lincoln; and then, just
in the thick of the election, in the very thick
of the canvass, some of these excessive party
men, some of these men who stand by the
Union party at all hazards, as long as it has
a big majority at its back, issued a protest
charging Mr. Lincoln with being a usurper and
a tyrant because he had pocketed this bill of
theirs which they had passed, showing their
plan by which the thing was to be done. I met
a Dutchman in my State during that canvass,
and he told me he had just been at a Republi-
can convention, and he had heard one of these
protestants make a speech, of course in favor
of the Republican nominees. "Well," saidl,
"what did he say?" "Well," he said, "he
was very hard on the President for about an
hour, and then he got better." That was the
kind of speech in which Mr. Lincoln was sup-
ported ; the fore end of it, about an hour, was
taken to abuse him for his usurpation and his
tyranny in attempting to sustain and support
these southern corporations for the benefit of
their citizens; and then the last part of it was
a little better, not so bad.
The honorable Senator from Michigan asks
triumphantly, apparently—and indeed words
seem to have so little meaning here that any-
thing may be asked and nothing may be an-
swered satisfactorily—where has the President
power under the Constitution to confer politi-
cal rights upon anybody? Nobody ever con-
tended that the President conferred political
rights upon any one ; and I go farther, and
fling it back into the teeth of the advocates of
this doctrine, that Congress cannot confer po-
litical rights upon anybody. What right has
Congress to confer political rights upon the
citizens of States? Thank God, the citizens
of States hold their title by a higher one
than Congress can confer. They derive their
rights from the fact that they are States, free,
independent States, bound only by their con-
stitutional obligations. I have heard about as
much balderdash here on the subject of State
rights as I ever heard in my life; but have the
States no rights? Is any man mad enough to
pretend that States have lost all their rights
because a few citizens claimed a right of se-
cession, which never was a State right, and
which, if it is a right, is a right to travel over
a bargain you have made, and to break a law
which you yourself assisted in the making of.
The right of secession which has been claimed
as a State right never was a State right; but
the right to say who shall wield political power
in a State is a State right. States have rights
to make their own laws for the purpose of ad-
ministering justice between their own citizens,
and this General Government has no right to
interfere in any way. States have their rights
under the Constitution just as well as the Gen-
eral Government has rights over the States
under the Constitution.
Ihen I say the President never pretended
that he could confer political rights upon either
the rebel States or the loyal States, or upon
the people of one or the other; but what he
did pretend to do was to stand over these peo-
ple while they regained their lost rights, rights
which they had lost in this war of rebellion;
rights which had been in abeyance in that
storm which swept over the country. He stood
there the faithful guardian of the public weal
in order that they might comeback and regain
that which had been attempted to be taken
from them,
Was that conferring political rights? What
did the rebellion destroy? Did it destroy the
States? Did it destroy the rights of the peo-
Sle as States? Did it repeal the Constitution?
•id it repeal the laws? If it did not, then
what did it do? If it had succeeded, as the
gentleman says, it might have done all that;
but it would have succeeded not in virtue of
law but in spite of it. It would have succeeded
as a revolution, not as a legal right of seces-
sion. Then the suppression of the rebellion,
if we are honest, if we are true, if we intend
to stand upon thegrouncl upon which we started
out, restored the statu quo ante helium. That
is all. It just brought everything to the place
of divergence, to the point of departure. What
has the President done? Attempted to bring
it back there.
This Government has three departments, an
executive, a legislative, and a judicial. These
three departments are distinct and independent
of each other; coordinate. The President, the
Executive of this Government, acknowledges
the relations of these States to the Union. The
Supreme Court of the United States, the high-
est judicial tribunal of the land, the other day
opened its dockets and recognized the rela-
tions of these States and their citizens to the
Union. The third department, Congress, has
refused. Why? Because the honorable Sen-
ator from Michigan and certain other honor-
able Senators say it is not safe to admit them.
Although in the bitterest war that ever was
waged, in the greatest conflict of arms that the
modern world at least has witnessed, we have
been their vanquishers, we have compelled
them to submission; although we have a pop-
ulation three times as many as theirs, and a
representation two or three timeE as great as
theirs, it is not safe to admit them! Would
it not have been much more prudent to have
taken Democratic advice at the outstart, if that
is so? The Democrats said, Why make war?
Do not make war; if you do you will embroil
and you will embitter this contest so that it
never will be safe to admit them." Why did
wemakewar? Because we believed that? Not
at all. We made the war because we believed
that men were governed by common sense,
that they were actuated by motives of common
interest, and that it would be perfectly safe fo
admit them the moment the rebellion was put
down. That is why we made the war, and that
is why we avowed the purpose. But times
have changed, the tables arc turned. Now,
that; party which was foremost in making the
war, foremost in declaring its purpose, is fore-
most to declare that the war was a failure and
that this thing cannot be done, and avows here
openly again upon the floor of the Senate, and
by a member of that committee who has a right
to know, who has taken the testimony and se-
lected the witnesses, I have no doubt, to prove
it, that that peopl e are utterly unfit to be re-
stored to their rights, and that it is utterly
unsafe «that they should gome back into the
Union. Now, sir, if that is true, that is the
most formidable declaration of disunion that I
have ever heard; and that establishes disunion
as a fact. I think no man I know of is mad
enough to suppose that you can maintain a
Union at the point of the bayonet. The hon-
orable Senator from Michigan does not pre-
tend that that is union. That maybe conquest,
but it is not union.
He has adopted another very strange theory.
He says that in the committee of fifteen it has
been shown beyond all peradventure that the
constituencies of these men are disloyal ;
whether the men themselves are loyal or dis-
loyal, whether they be traitors or whether they
be true, is of no consequence; their constitu-
encies are inherently and essentially disloyal;
and then, although he talks of non sequiturs,
he turns around and triumphantly asks, what
are they here in Congress ^)r but to carry out
the treasonable will of their constituents? If
ever there was a non sequitur in the world,
that is one. I care not whether my constit-
uents be treasonable or not treasonable, I am
nofrhere to commit treason for them. No man
is bound to yield to any such unlawful desire
or further any such unlawful design of his con-
stituents as that would involve.
The honorable Senator has spoken of the
Secretary of State. Sir, I should think the
patriotism of that man ought not to be impugned
here. I think common decency, common re-
spect for the character of a man whose history
belongs to the world and to this age, who is
known in both hemispheres, and sympathy even
for the wounds that disfigure him, ought to en-
title him at least in this Senate to a fair con-
sideration, and that he should not be subjected
here to misrepresentation and to the imputation
of improper motives. It so happens that the
honorable Secretary of State, -whether wisely
as the Senator from Michigan or unwisely ac-
cording to the lights that he may have before
him, holds that the President is right in this
matter. Hon. William H. Seward, a name, I
venture to say, as high and as proud as any
that will grace the Valhalla of American heroes
in the future, agrees with the President; and
William H. Seward disagrees with the honor-
able Senator from Michigan.
And then Thermopylse is invoked, Leonidas
and his Spartans are told into the pass, and
the honorable Senator from Michigan is there
in front of them! What for? To oppose Mr.
Seward and Mr. Seward's perfect rehabilita-
tion.
Mr. President, the American people are
not going to be frightened out of their pro-
priety about that. I think, and I believe it
cannot be disputed, that if there is one voice
in this land potential upon this question, poten-
tial for prudence, potential for moderation,
potential for humanity generally, it is tjkvoice
of William H. Seward, and as man^Wyour
new recruits, as many of your new zealots as
you can hatch out of the hot-bed of these tur-
bulent times may come here and attempt to
assail his motives and his designs, the Ameri-
can people, nevertheless, will remember him,
and abide his counsel, or I am very much
mistaken.
William H. Seward has given evidence, evi-
dencesuchl may say as none of these modern
zealots have given—he has given it as well as the
Presidentof the United States—that he is in fa-
vor of the country, and the whole country; that
he is in favor of the freedom of the people, the
whole people, not simply the freedom of the
negro, but the freedom of the whole people;
that he is in favor of giving to the American
people their rights, and they can very readily
believe that he will not adopt the conquering
theory of the honorable Senator from Michigan.
No man has ever heard him cry vce victis.
Mr. President, this theme is exhaustlcss ; this
subject has no limits, it c^n have none save in
the Constitution and the laws. There is no re-
construction, there is no plan of reconstruc-
tion except that which is involved in obedience
of the laws ; and the man who supposes there
is a hope of it is, in my judgment, still more
mistaken than the man who now asserts that
the Union is gone, and gone irreparably, from
the hearts of the southern people. In either
event this doctrine is disunion : in either event
this doctrine shuts the door of hope.
Mr. President, I do not believe, I cannot
believe, I will not believe now, standing over
the graves of two or three hundred thousand
4merican citizens fallen in the strife of the
'Union, that there can be no Union. What
conceivable, what possible interest has any
man to disseminate this doctrine among our
people ? Why is it that men go about from day
to day trumpeting the unfitness of the southern
people for a Union, and yet calling themselves
Union men? Who has made the people of the
North believe that this breach has been so
widened, thatthisgulf is so impassable, that we
never can be friends again with our southern
brothers ? ' Who is it that does it ? Are they
Union men, I ask? In the case of a quarrel
between two men, what kind of a union friend
would he be who would go from the one to the
.other and say, "Hehatesyou, he hates you in
the very innermost recesses of his heart," and
