85X8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 30,
of the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Kasson] are
seeking to grind by carrying out his theory. I say
the Free-Trade League of the gentleman from
Iowa, for I find his name connected with one
of these leagues. I find his name in its circu-
lar as among its managers. But I am too much
• exhausted to speak, and I will say no more.
Mr. KASSON. I renew the amendment. I
am glad my distinguished friend from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Stevens,] with whom on the same
committee I have worked for three years, has
again renewed his suggestion ranking me as a
free trader. I am glad of it for two reasons:
first, that it affords me the opportunity to state
in a dozen words what kind of divisions exist
as to the principles that control members of
this House, as well as thepeople of the country,
on this subject. There is on the one hand the
absolute free trader, who wishes to abolish cus-
tom-houses and let the markets of the world
be as free as those of our own country. At
the antipodes from him is the man who calls
himself a protectionist, but who is really a pro-
hibitionist. One of the latter class, and a friend
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, declared
to me that he would build up a Chinese wall
between the United States and every other part
of the world. That was his remedy for our
difficulties.
Mr. STEVENS. I never said anything of
that kind.
Mr. KASSON. I did not say that the gen-
tleman said it, but a friend of his and a distin-
guished protectionist of Pennsylvania, to whom
the gentleman defers, like most Pennsylva-
nians, as authority.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not defer to that doc-
trine.
Mr. KASSON. Between those two extremes
are two classes. One of them wishes simply
to foster the incipient industries of America,
until they are able to take care of themselves
without help in fair competition with the in-
dustries of foreign countries. To that class
of free traders I belong. The other is a class
of men who also call themselves protectionists,
who wish to build up monopolies in this coun-
try at the expense of the consumers, and of
other industries in which they are not con-
cerned.
Now, sir, I do not pretend to say to which
of these four classes any gentleman in this
House belongs, except myself; bat I do dis-
tinctly affirm that I stand for the fostering of
the infantile interests of America; and so
knows the Free-Trade League of New York, or
any other Free-Trade League that regards me
as committed to their interests. Until those in-
terests can stand alone, encourage them, dis-
criminate in their favor, strengthen them. But
when they have become vigorous, strong, rich,
and skillful, then we say, "Hands off;" open
to the people of the country the privilege of a
respectable competition of markets, of buying
where they can buy cheapest, and selling where
they can sell dearest. If you were to pass a
law to compel us at the West to buy our goods
from Philadelphia by imposing a discrimina-
tion against the goods shipped from New York,
every sentiment of justicu would revolt at it.
Cross an imaginary line between Nova Scotia
and New England, and you say you will not
apply the principle of free competition in trade
for the benefit of the people of this country.
Both countries then assert that the people shall
not buy where they can buy cheapest and sell
where they can sell dearest, even in competi-
tion between well-established interests.
Now, sir, if advocating measures against
aggression on the industries of our own coun-
try, 'while they are in their infancy and need
support, but allowing free competition for the
benefit of consumers, who are the masses of
the people, when those industries are able to
take care of themselves—if that be free trade
then I glory in the word.
One remark in regard to railroad iron. "When
you tell the western people that Jfiey are get-
ting railroad iron cheaper with every additional
duty you put upon it if imported from abroad,
all I have to say is, that our people cannot
see it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELLEY. Eailroads running through
wildernesses are not very good investments.
In order to make a railroad profitable it should
run from town to town and through towns.
There should be cultivated farms upon its line,
and the farmers should have a market, and
those who work the farms should have the
means to buy goods carried to them and thus
patronize the railroad. —
The gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Benja-
min] remarked that the planting and farming
interests must have facilities to get to market.
I tell him they want one thing more than that.
They want a market to get their products to.
When they burn corn for fuel on the prairies
of Illinois and Missouri, it is not for want of a
broad river down which they may float them
to market; it is for want of a market at the end
of the river. Let them induce the construction
of workshops, rolling-mills, forges, and furnaces"
near to their fields and they will have adequate
facilities for getting their productions to mar-
ket. The market will be at their door.
One other point. The gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Wilson] said that these changes of tariff
were for increasing wages; that we were con-
tinually asking more tariff to pay more wages.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to say
that I said no such thing. I said that this sys-
tem of legislation was calculated to keep up
high prices. In that I include everything.
Mr. KELLEY. Embracing everything, he
included wages. I am for increasing wages so
that every working man may be able to leave
when he dies more than enough to buy his
coffin; that he may educate his children and
leave a home for them to live in. I am for so
increasing wages that tempted "by them the
skilled workmen of England, France, or Bel-
gium shall come and settle on the lands of the
West that are traversed by railroads, and there-
by increase the value of lands and railroad
stock, and create a market for the products of
the field. This is the method of securing per-
manent prosperity to the railroads in which the
gentlemen from the West are interested. This
bill will stimulate immigration, increase the
value of western lands by giving the farmer a
market always accessible, and will relieve the
embarrassed railroad companies of the West.
Mr. "WILSON, of Iowa. The reason the
gentleman urges is the very one which several
large iron manufacturers have urged to me.
They complained of the price they had to pay
their workmen, and were in favor of reducing
wages instead of increasing them.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the committee
rise for the purpose of terminating debate.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Scofield re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had under considera-
tion the Union generally, and particularly the
special order, being bill of the House No. 718,
to provide increased revenue from imports, and
for other purposes, and had come to no resolu-
tion thereon.
close of debate.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that when the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union shall resume the consideration of bill of
the House No. 71S, debate on the paragraph in
relation to railroad iron be terminated in ten
minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
tariff bill again.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on the special order.
The n otion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Scofield in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the special order, being a bill of
the House (No. 718) to provide increased rev-
enue from imports, and for other purposes.
Mr. HALE. Mr. Chairman, Pdesire in the
first place to correct one or two misapprehen-
sions of fact in regard to the action proposed
by this bill. It proposes a tax of one cent per
pound upon railroad iron, which is an increase
of five dollars per ton, and no more, upon the .
existing rate. I undertake to say that during
the last eighteen months no manufacturer of
railroad iron in the United Stales has been
doing business at a profit. I believe that no
manufacturer of iron of any grade has been
doing business at a profit. For the last two
years the internal direct taxes upon the man-
ufacturer, accompanied by those indirect taxes
resulting from the internal taxation of the con-
sumption of the laborer, have been actually
greater than the tariff, with the gold rates con-
verted into currency. The protection has been
in favor of the foreign producer, and not the
home producer. The discrimination has been
in favor of foreign labor and against home
labor.
Now, by the internal revenue act of the pres-
ent session, as proposed to be passed, we have
struck off those direct taxes upon railroad iron,
but the great mass of indirect taxation, which
bears very heavily upon all these classes of
manufacture in which labor is the principal
ingredient, will still continue. We now pro-
pose to put a tariff of twenty dollars per ton
on railroad iron. That is not all protection,
for from it we must subtract the amount of
indirect internal revenue tax which still bears
upon it. What this is I am unable to state in
detail, but we may safely estimate it as not less
than one half this amount. A gentleman near
me says that it will amount to eight dollars per
ton. My own impression is that it will not
be less than ten dollars per ton. Thus wc see
that the protection here proposed is no such
monstrous thing as gentlemen have argued.
Let me then leave this branch of the subject
and recur for amomentto the arguments which
have been advanced against this proposed rate
of duty. All the gentlemen who have discussed
this question, including my colleague from the
city of New York, [Mr. Raymond,] who spoke
on behalf of New York railroads, and the gen-
tlemen from the West, who speak in behalf of
the agricultural interest, as connected with the
railroad interest, and requiring cheap transpor-
tation, have argued that this proposed amount
of duty upon foreign iron is to be added to the
price of railroad iron. Why, Mr. Speaker, I
had supposed that that fallacy had been exposed
so often, and had been so thoroughly exploded
by the practical experience of this nation, that
no one would deem it necessary to repeat it
here. But I call gentlemen's attention to the
fact that the cheapness of iron which did exist
in this country at the time when the war broke
out, and which would exist to-day but for the
inflation caused by the war, is the result of a
protection to home industry, or a building up
of American interests, discriminating in favor
of our own labor, so as to give the market to
home producers. Strike down the home man-
ufacturer, and you leave us at the mercy of
foreign importers. Strike out this proposed
duty on iron, and not an iron mill in the nation
can live. Sweep away this protoction, and you
leave us at the mercy of the foreign importers.
No man who has read or seen anything of the
commerce and manufactures of this nation is
ignorant of the fact that the foreign manufac-
turers are always found combined and acting
together.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, I think that
this question has been pretty thoroughly venti-
lated. I do not suppose it is necessary for gen-
tlemen on either side to get into any kind of
heat upon the subject. All that is necessary is
to understand the facts. I believe that we ought
to consider the changed circumstances of the
country at the present time in relation to this
manufacture, as well as all others. It is true
