1598
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 23,
joint convention must properly convene, that
there must be a joint resolution under which
they assemble; but when they get together I
do not see, in the absence of any regulation,
why they could not adopt this rule. I am not
going to take the ground that they can do this
in opposition to a law; I do not think it ne-
cessary, because there was no law in existence
here. The Senator from Maine thinks they
could do it in opposition to a law. Of course
if they could in opposition to a statute law,
they could in opposition to the common law.
My positional® that, in the absence of any law,
they may adopt their own rules, just as tlxey
have always done in New Jersey. This long
practice in New Jersey becomes the common
law of New Jersey according to all the law
books. I have before me Cushing on parlia-
mentary law; he states that where a practice
has prevailed for a length of time in a legisla-
tive body it becomes the rule. That is the way
most of the,parliamentary rules have grown
up—by long practice and usage. Now, the
Legislature of New Jersey and the people of
New Jersey had stood by for three generations
nearly, for more than seventy years, and seen
their Senators elected to this body by this joint
convention which had always made' its own
rules. Not this rule that less than a majority
should elect I agree, but it had made its rules,
it had made its rule requiring more than a ma-
jority of those present; it had that very rule
at the tirst of the meetings of this joint con-
vention; but I say that in r.hc absence of any
rule, it was an inherent power given it to make
the rules for its government.
What says the Constitution of the United
Stales? "The times, places, and manner of
holding elections for Senators and Representa-
tives shall be prescribed in each State by the
Legislature thereof." Now, what is the Legis-
lature to do that? That is the question. Those
who say (hat Mr. Stockton has no right to his
seat say il is not the Legislature in the form of
making a law that does it. The Senator from
Maine says it is to bo done by concurrent ac-
tion. Will he give me the authority for that ?
If they can do it by concurrent action, why can
they not by joint action when they are together?
It is admitted that it requires no law to pre-
scribe the rule, that. '■ the Legislature " means
simply each body acting by itself in proscribing
this rule. _ Now, if it means each body acting
by itself, is there any constitutional authority,
any parliamentary law, that will not allow the
two Houses when they are together to make
that rule.
Let us trace it a little further. " The times,
places, and manner of holding elections for
Senators and Representatives shall be pre-
scribed in each State by the Legislature there-
of." Does anybody doubt (he right of this
joint convention to adjourn its meetings ? That
is the ''time." After the joint convention
met, could it not adjourn to another day? This
very convention did adjourn from time to time.
They elect a great, many officers in the State of
New Jersey by joint, meeting of their Legisla-
ture. It often happens that, the joint meeting
adjourns. The Legislature has a right to fix
the "time;'1 it may meet to-day and adjourn
lor two weeks. It not only ma}' fix the time
but it may fix the place. l)oes anybody doubt
that the Legislature in joint meeting when
assembled could adjourn to the next day or for
ten days and adjourn to meet in another por-
tion of the capitol? Does anybody doubt that
if they had first convened in the Senate cham-
ber and found it-inconvenient, they could re-
solve that, they would meet the next day in the
chamber of the House of Representatives?
Then if the Legislature has a right to fix the
time and has a right to fix the place, has it
not the right to fix the manner? The Legis-
lature separately said the manner was by get-
ting together in joint meeting. That was the
"manner" prescribed by the two bodies when
they were separate, that they would meet to-
gether and do the thing together. When they
got together they had a right after they assem-
bled (everybody admits that) to fix the time ;
they had the right to adjourn; they had the
right to fix the flace, but it is said they had not
the right to fix the manner. Why not? What
does the Constitution say? "The times,
places, and manner of holding elections for
Senators and Representatives shall be pre-
scribed in each State by the Legislature
thereof.'' It was Legislature enough to do- this,
as they said once, I believe, in anti-masonic
times, that a man was "good enough Morgan "
to accomplish some particular okwet. Now
for the life of me I cannot see hoiWou are to
say that it is a different Legislature that is to
providethe "mannerand in the State of New
Jersey it ought not to be lost sight of that the
constitution of New Jersey says that the Le-
gislature in joint meeting shall make certain
elections. It does not provideifor the election
•of a United States Senator, and I agree with
the Senator from Maine that the constitution
of a State cannot prescribe the mode in which
the Legislature shall elect United States Sen-
ators, but it may provide that its Legislature
shall be a Legislature when in joint meeting,
and they have said in the constitution of New
Jersey that the Legislature in joint meeting
shall elect certain persons. They use the word
"Legislature they do not use the word that
is used in the statute of New Jersey. The
statute of New Jersey says that United States
Senators on the part of that State shall be
appointed by the Senate and General Assembly
ill joint meeting; but the language of the con-
stitution of the State is "the Legislature in joint
meeting."
But, sir, it is said that this was the repeal of
a law. It is already admitted that the two
bodies separately without a legislative act could
repeal the law. That is conceded; that is, they
could disregard the law and the election would
be a good one. As 1 have said, I cannot for
the life of me see where the authority is for the
two bodies to disregard it separately, when
meeting together they cannot disregard it. But,
sir, an entire misapprehension has prevailed in
this whole discussion in regard to the common
law. AVhat is the common law of this coun-
try? What do we mean when we speak of the
common law ? I should hardly think it neces-
sary to refer to books if it had not been for
the questions that have been raised in this de-
bate. Kent says, in reference to the common
law:
"But though the great body of tho common law
oonsi&ts of a collection of principles, to be found in
the opinions of sages, or deduced from universal
and immemorial usage, and receiving progressively
the sanction of the courts, it is nevertheless true that
the common law, so far as it is applicable to our sit-
uation and government, lias been recognized and
adopted as one entire system by the constitutions of
Massachusetts, New York, New Jersey, and Mary-
land. 11 has been a^umed by the courts of justice,
or declared by statute, with the like modifications,
as the law of the land in every State. It was im-
ported by our colonial ancestors as far as it was appli-
cable, and was sanctioned by royal charters and colo-
nial statutes. It is also the established doctrine that
English statutes, passed before the emigration of our
ancestors, and applicable to our situation, and in
amendment of the law, constitute a part of the com-
mon law of this country.''—Kent's Commentaries, vol.
1, p. 473.
The Supreme Court of the United States has
held that the remedies in the Federal courts
at the common law and in equity were to bo not
according to thc practice of the State courts,
"but according to the principles of common
law and equity as distinguished and defined in
that; country from which we derived our knowl-
edge of those principles." The common law
is not according to the usages and customs in
this country, but as defined in that country
from which we derive our knowledge of those
principles. From what country do we derive
our knowledge of the principles of the com-
mon law in reference to parliamentary law?
From England. Now, what is the common law
of England on this subject of elections? Will
the Senate be astonished—I do not know but
that they will—when I tell them that the ma-
jority rule never prevailed in England in the
election of officers at all, and doe.s not to-day.
The rule there is plurality and was so when
our fathers came to these shores, and it wa,s
only by virtue of legal enactments that it was
changed here.
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator allow me
one minute?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Oh, yes.
Mr. SUMNER.' He says that the common-
law rule of England did not require a majority
for the election of officers. I will ask him
whether he is not a little mistaken?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Wait until 1 get through
and you will find out, perhaps.
Mr. SUMNER. Whether the rule was not
applicable simply to the election of members
of Parliament? I think if the Senator looks
into the law he will find that there were two'
classes of cases: one is elections by corpora-
tions, or by a legislative body, corporate in its
character, where the rule of the majority pre-
vailed ; and the other popular elections, where
the rule of the plurality prevailed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator could
have restrained himself until he lieard "the au-
thority which I was about to read, ho perhaps
would have ascertained what my view was. I
suppose that the States of this country are not
simply corporations in the sense the Senator
uses the term; nor are they juries, as the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin seemed to suppose; for
he wanted to know if a verdict would be good
if given by a majority. It is well understood
that the verdict of a jury must be unanimous.
An election of a Senator would be good when
he did not get everybody's vote, I suppose.
The idea of comparing the Legislatures of our
States to a j ury or to a board of arbitrators seems
to me to present cases by no means analogous.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator will allow me to
say that I did not put any such question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understood you to
refer to juries.
Mr.'HOWE. I referred to juries, and I re-
ferred to them only in this light: the law set-
tling that the verdict of a jury must receive the
unanimous assent of every member of the jury,
I asked the question, if the whole jury should
agree to adopt the verdict of a majority, would
that make it the verdict of the whole jury?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now, I will read from
pushing on parliamentary law, what the law
in England was. I suppose that our form of
Government was in some measure derived from
the British form of government, and that the
rules adopted in reference to the election of
members to Parliament should have more force
than other rules to be borrowed from the com-
mon law in reference to the election of mem-
bers of this body. Now, what is the rule of
the common law of England, adopted in this
country by the decisions of our courts? I read
from Cushing:
_ "At the time of the first settlement and coloniza-
tion of the United States, the electron of members of
Parliament in England" 
Mr. SUMNER. I say members of Parlia-
ment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Cannot the gentleman,
restrain himself?
"were conducted upon the principle of plurality,
which also prevailed in other elections."
I will read it now in connection, and perhaps
the Senator from Massachusetts can hold his
breath until I read the whole sentence:
^*ketimc of Jbo settlement mid eoloniza-
P9. °V"e United btates, the elections of members
oi Parliament m England were conducted upon the
principle of plurality; which also prevailed in all
other elections, in which the electors were at liberty
to select their candidates from an indefinite number
ol qualified persons."
I should like to know if members of this Le-
gislature were not authorized to select their
candidates from an indefinite number of quali-
fied persons.
"Such has been and still continues to be the com-
mon law of England; and such is the present prac-
tice in that country in all elections. Indeed, what
is meant them by the term majority embraces what
ls^denotcd with us by the word plurality.
"In this country, however, the principle of majority,
or absolute majority, as it i^ sometimes callcd, was
early introduced into the law of elections by the col-
onists of New England; where it has over since pre-
