1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
119
39th Cong.... 1st S'ess'.
Apportionment of Representation—Mr. Henderson.
Senate.
gross. On the other hand, they will claim a
desire to do equal justice'to each section. They
will take the ground, then, that the object of the
amendment is not to deny representation, but
to coerce negro suffrage. I have already said
that one or'the other of these things must be
aimed at; and I cannot suppose the committee
intended to violate so great a principle. Then
negro suffrage in the seceding and border States
is the purpose of the resolution. I say in the
seceding and border States, for the resolution is
so framed, that each one of the original non-
slaveholding States may refuse to enfranchise
its negroes, without loss of political'power. As
to these States the penalty is operative. It
is one of those strange penal stntutps that, ap-
pearing to be equal, operate unequally, because
of the unequal condition of the parties to which
it is to be applied. This begins by assuming that
the obj eet to be attained by its adoption is wrorfg.
The ohject is negro suffrage.
Bui white a large number of Senators and
Representatives and a respectable portion of
the newspaper press of the country claim the
right of Congress, by a simple bill or joint res-
olution, to secure this right to the negro, this
amendment begins by repudiating any such
power. It does much more. It admits the
exclusive right of the States over the whole
subject. It does not stop there either; but the
implication is clear, that the negro may and
ought to be, in some cases, excluded from the
ballot on account of the color of his skin.
Then, of course.no Senator who believes thatthe
Congress now has the right to confer the suffrage
can vote for the proposition without stultifying
himself. If he votes for it lie is estopped there-
after from setting up the guarantee clause or the
anti-slavery amendment as a warrant for legis-
lation. No Senator who 'believes that the
educated and intelligent negro, devoted to the
institutions of his country, and qualified for the
highest honors of life, should have the poor
privilege, without regard to his color, of giving
or withholding his assent to laws affecting his
person and property, can vote for it, because it
shirks the performance of a plain duty from
false ideas of expediency, and commits a great
interest, to the hands of its enemies. Hence,
both they who favor a direct act of Congress
on the subject, and they who believe that this
is the proper time, perhaps the last and only
time we shall ever have, to consummate an act
of justice, by a constitutional amendment, de-
claring against all discrimination of color or
race, must take their places against this propo-
sition.
Again, if suffragebetheintention, this amend-
ment does not accomplish it. It is as inefficient
as it is evasive. To show what the enemies of
the measure think of it, I quote from the col-
umns of the Richmond Examiner:
"But, for the sake of argument, let us even suppose
that this amendment should prevail and bceomc a
part of the Constitution. What.then? What v." Quid
be its operations? Nothing would be easier for the
States it attempts to control to render it practically
null, by declaring, first, that a.ll persons now enj ov-
ine the elective franchise should continue to exercise
it: and,secondly, that all persons hcreafteraduiitted
to it, should be admitted on a prescribed educational
or property qualification. In this way the political
control of the country would remain (for this genera-
tion, at least,) as completely in the white race as if
no such amendment had ever been passed."
Another objection, in this view, consists in the
fact, already perhaps stated, that it is partial in
its good. If negro suffrage be desirable in the
South, it is equally so in the North; but, the
amendment is purposely so framed that north-
ern and western prejudices may run their course
and northern and western injustice be perpe-
trated without punishment. This fact ot itself
destroys the force of the measure. It leaves
too much undone. It is not entitled to approval
as a great act of impartial good, but commends
itself to the petty passions of the hour. It
assumes to elevate the negro in the seceding
States, not for the negro's good, but to punish
the whites. It comes from malice, and not fr .mi
charity or a sense of right. In effect, it says
the people of the North and West need no chas-
tisement, and negro suffrage must not be forced
on them. The people of the Southhave sinned,
and this is their punishment. Mr. President, I
am in favor of extending the suffrage in a mod-
ified, safe, %nd judicious way, not to punish
the whites of the South, but to advance their
interests, moral and material, and to insure
the future peace of white and black. Instead
of a punishment, the future will clairt} if, as the
greatest good. But it must not be'partial. It
must not be confined to a section. It must be
as broad as onr free country, as universal as
truth,itself.
If the negro ought to be enfranchised, our
duty as statesmen, our honor as men, our own
sense of responsibility to posterity, all demand
that we should do it now, and do it with the
boldness of conscious right. We should make
it effective and appeal to an honest people to
ratify it. It is admitted that under this amend-
ment the South may refuse to enfranchise.
Then your object is lost. It will not do to say
that the pressure will be such as to force them
to it. If the southern States find themselves
in a minority in Congress, and that to enfran-
chise the negro would still leave them in a mi-
nority, nothing will be gained by yielding their
assent, and your pressure ceases. If, on the
other hand, they find that with the aid of the
Democratic party of the northern States they
can afford to exclude the negro from the basis
of representation and yet retain political su-
premacy, your pressure is equally lost.
But another objection occurs. By attempt-
ing to cover up and conceal our real object, we
may lose forever that which we have in view.
Yon cannot put a proposition before the people
that will deceive them. Tf, by this amendment,
you intend to secure negro suffrage, the peo-
ple will understand your purpose, and if they
are opposed to the ends you aim at. however
disguised, they will defeat you. The people
are just as intelligent as we are. If, on the other
hand, they desire negro suffrage, they cannot
fail to see that this proposition is a sham and a
delusion, and they may vote it down becausc
of its inefficiency.
This amendment implies that impartial suf-
frage may be a curse to the white race. It is
therefore put forward in the form of an evil.
Another evil is put forth with it, and choice
between them is given. One must be taken,
but the other may be rejected. It is a choice
between bitter cups, either of which is a pen-
alty for past misdeeds. Do I state the propo-
sition unfairly? I think not.
I come now to the chief argument, indeed
the only argument, urged in favor of the com-
mittee's report. It is that the proposition
can be carried. It is without merit, but it can
succeed. A bold declaration of man's equality
cannot be carried. I state it plainly. 1 hope
I state it fairly.
The distinguished Senator from Maine inhis
speech the other day said, and I was glad to
hear him say it, that lie personally was willing,
instead of the proviso to the amendment now
pending, to attach the following:
"That all provisions in the Constitution or laws of
any State making any distinction in civil or political
rights oi piivilesres on account of race or color shall
be inoperative and void."
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator misap-
prehended me. What I said was, not that 1
was willing to attach that instead of the pro-
viso, but that something like that, which re-
peated, would suit me very much better it I
supposed it could be adopted; that I personally
would prefer a clean proposition abolishing all
distinctions; and 1 presume all the Senators
around me would.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am glad to heartlio
Senator say so. If all the Senators around hitn
prefer it, and he prefers it. why not tukeu?
Simply because it cannot be adopted. Before
1 close, I should say something further upon
this argument addressed to our fears. It is an
argument that ought not to be addressed to us
by the able Senator from Maine. That which,
is right,will succeed. It is bound to succeed'.'
It may not succeed to-day; it may not succeed
to-morrow; but'I have an abiding confidence
that justice will soon or late'triumph. Man
maybe unjust, but God is just, and as He is more
powerful than man, so His justice is borne on to
ultimate triumph against all human obstacles.
I am slow to appreciate the argument that a
proposition correct in itself can never receive
the favor of the people. I know that such fears
were entertained a short time ago when the
proposition to amend the Constitution abolish-
ing slavery was under consideration. Even the
able and sanguine Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. SmixEii,] I think, had some fears on the
subject, and introduced a bill to declare slavery
abolished. He now offers a bill, refusing yet
to believe. He thought that a constitutional
amendment could not then succeed. He wanted
the object accomplished with all his heart, but
his anxiety drove him to the selection of means
wholly ineffectual. I thought that a simple act
of Congress would always be disputed; the
courts, Federal and State, might dispute it.
But now that the amendment has been adopted,
the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. G-utitp.ie]
rises in the Senate and says, with honor to him-
self, he reeognizes it as the law of the land.
There is not a southern mail from one end of the
country to the other who does not acknowledge
the fact that the constitutional amendment is
an operative amendment,, and that slavery is
forever abolished in the United States. That
is a great thing accomplished. It gives peace,
contentment, order, satisfaction. Nobody is
now disputing it. Every department of the
Federal Government acknowledges it. The
courts cannot dispute it; the people do not dis-
pute it: the State Legislatures do not dispute
it,; the State magistrates do not dispute it: the
whole world acknowledges the fact that slavery
is abolished.
It was said that the emancipation procla-
mation would do no good, that it was a dead
letter and could not be enforced. I must con-
fess that at the time I had some doubts of the
propriety of it, and greater doubts of its effi-
ciency. Does anybody doubt its propriety
now ? Was it not sanctioned by the country ?
You remember the relentless opposition waged
against it. The discussions that sprang out of
it gave it additional strength, and finally the
people approved it as an act of justice ; and
the inspiration breathed by that proclamation
gave us ultimate success in this war. You
remember the opposition made to arming the
negroes, but finally it received the sanction of
the entire body of loyal men, and the country
gratefully acknowledges their services in sup-
pressing the rebellion.
No, Mr. President, if we have satisfied our
minds that the negroes ol' the seceded States
should now, or, in the future, have the elective
franchise, the same right exists in other States ;
and let us place a distinct proposition before
the people and defend it as honest and fearless
men. It, has been truly said that one earnest
man in the right-is always a majority. Many
objections, other than those I have named,
might be urged against this amendment pro-
posed by the reconstruction committee, but to
name them would require too much time. _ I
must apologize to the Senate tor trespassing
already so long.
I come now to the measure proposed by the
" honorable Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
j I SriixBR,] a joint resolution of Congress to
]! secure civil and political rights irrespective of
ij color. It gives me pain at any time to differ
j] with uie honorable Senator, and I especially
j! regret a difference now. His purposes I do not
!] condemn, hut the means by which he proposes
: to arrive at, them cannot receive my sanction.
I! I could not vote for his hill two years ago to
|| abolish slavery : T cannot vole for his bill to
i. secure political rights now. I desired cntanci-
