1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2559
then go to the other and say, " He would stab
you behind if he had a chance?" Would that
be to make union, reconciliation, between these
parties? And who does this thing? It is not
the Presidentwhodoesit. It is not Mr. Seward
who does it. It is not the. Army who does it.
It is not the Navy who does it. Who does do
it? I will tell you, Mr. President, it is a fac-
tion in power here, tasting the sweets of power,
enjoying its exercise, and they tell you that
these people are unfit'to come in ; and why?
Because, come in as they may, there can be
no reconciliation with them. That is disunion
again. What was said the other day in the
House which sits at the other end of this Cap-
itol? "Without some measure like a recon-
struction measure, when we come back again
those Halls will be filled with yelling rebels and
hissing copperheads." What then is to be
done ? Usurp, grasp power yourselves, remodel
the Constitution, remodel the laws, so that the
few, not the many, can hold on to power. We
may just as well come to it first as last, ; that
is exactly what it means. Are you afraid the
Democrats will get the power? If you are, that
is disunion. A man who is afraid of the other
party coming in, and who believes that that
othe# party will destroy the Government, is a
disunion man, because he believes that which
is fatal to the very foundation of the fabricf I
do not believe it, and I never did believe it.
Much as I might belong to one of the great
parties of the country, I never believed that the
other would destroy the Government if it came
into power. I believed it would not, and that
is why I was in favor of this Government. That
is the difference between us and most other
Governments. In a monarchical form of gov-
ernment the people are not trusted ; one party
will not trust the other, and they set up an
intermediate man and attempt to scaffold him
around in such a way as to prevent a collision.
We formed this Government upon the basis
that either of the great parties of the country
was safe to intrust it with.
_ You saythatif the Union is restored and yon
give the people of the South their rights they
will come in and they will join the Democrats,
and then the Democrats will have a majority
over the Republicans. Suppose it be so; I
am perfectly willing, if we save the Union. I
will execute a release of all my right for office,
not only to-day, but in all time to come, if any-
body will just insure the Union peace and
harmony. I trust everybody would. I think
there is no man so infatuated, personally and
apart from his party ties and party connections,
but would be willing to do the same thing. I
do not believe a word of it, and 1 tell you that
if the southern States were represented here
to-morrow and came back and joined them-
selves with the Democrats of the North, they
•would meet with just the same resistance pre-
cisely from them that they now meet from the
Republicans if they should attempt any further
secession; and why? Just because it is as
much the interest of one party in the North as
it is the interest of the other party to preserve
the Union, and nobody but a man who is
desirous of making mischief and desirous of
fomenting discord would ever take any other
view of it. They may have different plans and
different policies, but the great end and object
of both is to preserve the Government, and
what is more and what is better, to preset^-e
themselves and their fortunes and their fami-
lies, and to preserve a prospect for their chil-
dren.
I am a Republican; and lam a Republican
because I believe that; and I would as soon
undertake to commit personal suicide or any
other kind of suicide as to go out and preach
among my fellow-citizens that one half of them
were utterly diabolical and utterly corrupt,
and desirous of overturning the whole of this
fair fabric of liberty under which we lived so
long and so happily. What is it but a proc-
lamation of political suicide? I do not be-
lieve a word of it; and however much I might
lament the contingency of a party opposed*
to_ me getting into power, however much I
might suppose it would affect in a small way
the interests of my State or of my section,
yet I am willing to bow to the behests of
the people in that behalf. I await the ac-
tion of their constitutional majority expressed
through the constitutional forms ; and the man
who is unwilling to do that and unwilling to
trust it is a secessionist, and belongs to pre-
cisely the same school of secession as that
which flourislicdin 1880. That was secession.
Had anybody invaded the rights of secession-
ists? Had anybody trenched upon the rights of
the southern States? No; but the secession-
ists said, "Although you have elected your
President by constitutional means and through
the medium of a constitutional majority, yet
we have a rigfft to anticipate you." Anticipate
what? Anticipate what the honorable Senator
from Michigan anticipates and what evei-y man
who has no faith in the country and no faith
iu its institutions apprehends. "We antici-
pate," said they, "that your President will
not be a constitutional President; that 3-our
party will notbea constitutional party. It has
got the Abolitionists in it, and they have said
that' the Constitution is a convenant with death
and a league with hell,' and they will abolition-
ize the whole country; they will destroy sla-
very ; they will do this, that, and the other
thing;" and what then? "We will get out
before they come." That was secession. They
would not trust the Republican parly; that
was it.
Now, we are told you cannot trust the Dem-
ocratic party; you cannot trust cither of the
parties with the southern fraction of the Union
in its place in the legislative Halls of the
country. What are we going to do ? Instead
of standing upon the Constitution and the
laws, for which we made the war, and standing
there honestly, as brave men should, we have
now a scheme to make a new Constitution and
new laws. Is not this the same thing precisely
that the secessionists said in the winter ot
1861? Did they not say we must have new
constitutions, we must have new laws, we
must have the Constitution amended here, and
tho Constitution amended there ? Why ? Be-
cause they apprehended difficulties. Now, in
the process of time, in the revolutions of the
wheel of fortune, the very extreme northern
radical party find themselves in the position of
the secessionists, distrusting the Constitution,
distrusting the law, distrusting the people, ap-
prehending some difficulty; and that is to be
mended by new constitutions and new laws and
neiv guarantees. That is the word, I believe.
That is a very fashionable word now.
Mr. President, how absurd is all this. Sup-
pose that we pass these bills requiring new
guarantees and imposing new conditions. Of
course, as they do not now exist in tho Con-
stitution and in the laws, they are to be pro-
posed to the southern States for their accept-
ance, and if you make a proposal to any one
for his acceptance, in that is involved the right
that he has to refuse, if he chooses. I put it
to honorable Senators, suppose to-day you
make your proposal to South Carolina to accept
your new Constitution and your new series of
laws, and suppose she refuses. What then?
What are you going to do? Suppose the whole
eleven refuse; what then? How are you
going to make them do it? I agree, if they
will all take up guns and attempt to shoot you,
you might take up a whole parcel of guns and
shoot a great many of them, and compel them
to lay down their guns ; but you cannot make
them accept your proposition. Then, if you
cannot compel it except by war, and you can-
not compel it by war, unless they make war by
way of resistance, what are you going to do?
Just nothing. Then you have your trouble for
your pains, and y#u will enjoy the delightful
satisfaction of being backed down and backed
out by those whom you proclaim to be con-
quered people, and whom you proclaim, upon
the floor of the Senate, you hold by the point
of the bayonet.
Sir, self-respect for this Government, self-
respect for the American people, self-respect
for our institutions and laws all forbid it. We
have no terms to offer, we ought to have no
proposals to make, except this: obey the Con-
stitution and the laws. That we can compel
them to do, but you cannot compel them to
adopt new propositions and give new guar-
antees ; and I should say that we have no right
to do it, unlessthisGovernmentistobeentirely
changed in its nature, in the nature of its ma-
chinery, and in the rights which are to be con-
ferred upon it; and if it is, in God's name,
why not let us know it? If there is to be no
such thing as State rights, if this is to be a
consolidated Government, an actual de facto
Government, administering the laws and jus-
tice among the people as the State govern-
ments now administer them, why not bring in
that proposition and let us see it, let us meet
it ? If, however, it is to be such a Government
as the one we have been proud of so long, let
us preserve it; and instead of trying to patch
it and mend it and change it and pervert it for
a mere temporary political purpose, let us all
stand by it proudly and strongly, and hand it
down to our children with the same injunction
with which we received it from our fathers,
and then we shall have fulfilled our duties
and we shall have performed the functions of
American citizens.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Illinois; and the question has been ordered to
bo taken by yeas and nays.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask for the reading of
the amendment.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Sec. —. And be it further cnactcA, That no person
exorcising or performing, or undertaking to exercise
or pertorm. the duties of any o&ce which by law is
required to be filled by the advice and consent of tho
Senate, &liall betoie confirmation by the Senate re-
ceive any salary or compensation for his services,
unless such person be commissioned by the President
to fill up a vacancy which has happened by death,
resignation, or expiration of terra, during tho recess
of the Senate and since its last adjournment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 16, nays 23; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Harris,
Henderson, Howard. Howe, lane of Indiana, Mor-
rill, Nye. Pomerpy, Ramsey, Sprague, Sumner, Trum-
bull, and Wade—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cowan, Davis, Dixon,
Doolittle, Edmunds, ^essenden, Foster, Guthrio,
Johnson, Lane of Kansas, MeDougall, Morgan, 5ies-
liiith, Norton, Poland, Riddle, Sauisbury, Sherman,
Stewart. Van Winkle, Willey, and Wilson—
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Conness, Cragin, Cres-
well,Grimes, Hendricks, Kirkwood,'Williams,Wright,
and Yates—10.
So the amendment was rejected.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
It was read the third time, and passed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. NORTON. I desire to call up Senate
bill No. 263, to authorize the Winona and St.
Peter's Railroad Company to construct abridge
across the Mississippi river and to establish a
post route.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Iinove that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness. That bill will create some discussion,
and the hour is rather late, and there are some
nominations that I think ought to be confirmed
to-night.
Mr. NORTON. If the Senator from Maine
will allow me, this bill has been reported from
the committee with some amendments. It is
quite short, and I do not think it will involve
any discussion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is hardly a propef
hour to take up a railroad bill. >
Mr. NORTON. It is a short bill, and will
involve no discussion, I think.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I cannot withdraw my
motion.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in the consideration of executive
business, the doors were reopened, and the
Senate adjourned.
