1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE,
vailed to a greater or less extent; in somo of the
Slates exclusively, in others only partially*"
It was changed by constitutions and bylaws.
The common law of England to-day is and
always lias been that in all elections in which
the electors are at liberty to select their candi-
dates from an indefinite number of qualified
persons, a plurality elects, and that is precisely
the case with regard to a legislative body in
the election of a Senator of the United States.
Mr. YATES. May I ask a question?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
Mr. YATES. My honorable colleague will
perhaps say that he has answered the queslion
I am about to put, when I propound it. But
the question which I wish to ask is. whether
he knows of an instance in the history of the
Senate where a person who had not received a
majority of the votes of the Legislatufe was
declared and received as a Senator?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not.
Mr. YATES. I have not got through. The
next question is, whether in all time it would
be right to rcceivc as a Senator into this body
a man who had not received a majority of the
votes of the Legislature of the State of Illinois?
My colleague supposes a case in which there
are only forty-one members of the Legislature
present, and he says very justly, that being a
quorum, twenty-one would be a majority of the
quorum, and twenty-one could elect a Senator.
I admit it. But extend the question. Sup-
pose there were many candidates, and suppose
there were only five votes for the highest can-
didate, does my colleague pretend to say that
that man by virtue of that plurality vote would
be entitled to a seat in the Senate as elected
by the. Legislature of that State? I ask this
question in all fairness. I do not pretend to say
that we do not derive our laws from England.
I admit that. But then I do say that this Gov-
ernment is a Government of majorities. I say
that whenever the Legislature of the State of
New Jersey shall send to us a Senator who is
elected by a majority of the Legislature, I will
receive him into the Senate with open hands,
without regard to his party position. But, sir,
he must be elected by a majority of the Legis-
lature. These arc the questions which I ask
my colleague.
Air. TRUMBULL. My colleague says this
is a majority Government. Does not my col-
league know that every member of the other
House is elected by a plurality vote? Does my
colleague mean to deny that if the Legislature
in its legislative capacity adopts a plurality
rule in regard to Senators, it has a right to do
so? Will he disregard it?
Mr. YATES. No, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then the question that
he asks mo has no pertinencc to the question I
am discussing. I understand him to admit that
a man may be elected by a plurality ; and if so
the question is whether it has been done in this
instance, not put a question to know whether
if a man gets but live votes he can be elected.
Would not my colleague hold him elected if the
State of New Jersey legitimately by law had
provided that a plurality should elect and they
go into the election in pursuance of the law,
acting strictly in conformity to it, and no can-
didate gets as many as five votes but one, and he
gets them, will my colleague turn him out? Will
he turn him out because he got but five votes?
Extreme eases prove nothing. Sir, if the con-
vention in the State of Illinois, a majority act-
ing altogether, agree that a minority shall elect
in the absence of any law, I say that is a valid
election, and neither he nor I sitting as judges
with an oath upon us, can turn that man out.
Mr. YATES. I deny that in this Govern-
ment any body can decide that a minority may
elect.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then the Senator denies
what is done every day, and what has not been
denied on this floor before. That is the law
of his own State. Our State provides that a
minority may elect a member of the other
House. It is the law of Illinois. The man
who gets the most votes is elected Representa-
tive, not he who getsa majority of all theyotes,
and I believe it to be the law at this time in
every State of the Union. I am not aware
that a majority vote is required in any State.
Mr. SUMNER. That is a popular election.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly, but my col-
league is denying that a man can be elected by
a minority.
Mr. JOHNSON. It was the law in Massa-
chusetts, but they have changed it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, and now a plurality
can elect. I suppose it to be the law every-
where in reference to the other House.
Mr. YAHES. I do not deny that when there
are half a dozen candidates for Congress the
man who receives thte highest number of votes
is the member elected. I do not deny any such
proposition; but the question here is whether
a Senator has received a sufficient number of
votes in the Legislature of New Jersey to enti-
tle him to a seat in this body.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That was the point I
was discussing when my colleague interrupted
me to ask certain questions in which lie laid
down the proposition, in so many words, that
he denied that a minority could elect.
Mr. YATES. Under the circumstances of
this case.
Mr. TRUMBULL._ _ "Under the circum-
stances of this case," is another thing. My
colleague claimed it to be a majority Govern-
ment, and denied any authority to allow a mi-
nority or a plurality to elect. Now, let me read
a little clause in the Constitution of the United
States to my colleague.
Mr. YATES. I of course meant in the ab-
sence of any State law. Of course if there is
a law providing that a plurality may elect, as
there is in regard to the election of Representa-
tives, the case is different; I admit that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well then; there
was no necessity to have asked the question or
to put the inquiry to me whether, if five men
had voted for a man, I would admit him. My
colleague, it seems, would admit him, too, if
there was a law that authorized a plurality to
elect.
Mr. YATES. Does the Senator hold that
there was alaw authorizing a plurality to elect?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do hold that there was
a valid rule authorizing a plurality to elect.
That is the very question I have been trying
to discuss.
Mr. YATES. T asked the question whether
there was a law by the Legislature authorizing
a plurality of the joint bodies to elect. That
is the question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I might turn my col-
league over to my friend from Maine, who says
that a law of the Legislature cannot control it;
that it is to be controlled by the concurrent ac-
tion of the two bodies.
Mr. EESSENDEN". Oh, the Senator is never
as stupid as he sometimes appears to be.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I beg pardon; 1 meant
to bo cxact.
Mr. EESSENDEN. I contended for no such
thing. I said the action of a previous Legisla-
ture could not control the Legislature that was
to elect, but that the action of the Legislature
was necessary in order "to authorize a conven-
tion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I beg pardon. I did not
state the Senator from Maine quite correctly.
Mr. EESSENDEN. When the Senator
claims to close, and that no body must say any-
thing after him, I would thank him to keep
somewhere within the range of probability.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I assure my friend from
Maine it was entirely inadvertent in me to leave
out the word "existing" before "Legisla-
ture. '' What he means is, that that Legislature
which elects could by law regulate it. I under-
stand him now that former legislation, the law
of a former Legislature, could bo set aside and
disregarded by the concurrent action of the two
Houses. That is his position. I did not say
"present Legislature,'' but it .seems that a law
on the statute-book passed by a former Legis-
lature could be disregarded by the concurrent
action of the two bodies in their election t>f a
Senator, and their election still be good.
Mr. YATES. My colleague has not answered
my first question : that is, whether he knows of
an instance in the history of the Senate where
a person who was elected by less than a major-
ity of a Legislature had ever received a seat ia
the Senate? * -
Mr. TRUMBULL. I answered it directly
when he first asked it, and told him I did not
know of any such case.
Mr. YAl'ES. I did not hear you.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And we did not know
of any case of election in the other House by
plurality until the rule was changed which had
formerly required a majority in some States.
Mr. NYE. Where has it been changed?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It has been changed in
New Jersey. They have never had the ma-
jority rule half the time since the State existed.
It seems, Mr. President, somewhat difficult to
pass through this discussion without speaking
in a very incoherent manner when one is so
frequently interrupted. I had proceeded to
show that the common law of England did not
require a majority ; I had proceeded to show
that a majority did not mean a majority of the
whole body of electors, but meant a majority
of a divided part, a majority of a quorum, and
that there was nothing in the argument or sug-
gestion made to the Senate that a person came
here with less than a majority of all the votes.
In the absence of any rule or regulation on the
subject, the Legislature which met in New Jer-
sey in joint meeting for the election of Senator
had the right to prescribe rules for its govern-
ment, and having prescribed the plurality rule
in this case it is the act of the majority. The
rule was prescribed by the majority, and ac-
cording to the principle laid down in Cushing,
where a majority adopts this rule for the gov-
ernment of its action, the action of the body
in pursuance of the rule is the action of the
majority. It is not a delegation of power, and
here I do not quite agree with what my friend
from Maine said in regard to the delegation of
power. I hold that the Legislature cannot
delegate its power to elect a Senator.
Mr. EESSENDEN. _ I hold that the Legis-
lature cannot delegate it to any other body.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We agree, then, in ref-
erence to that point; but I think the Senator
in his remarks used the word "delegate;" it
is so in his published remarks ; but we under-
stand it alike ; it cannot delegate its powers.
Mr. EESSENDEN. Not to another body.
Mr. TRU MBULL. It is only resolving itself
into a different body to make the election; but
it is the same thing; it is the Legislature. I
quite agree that nobody but the Legislature can
elect a Senator. The two bodies acting sep-
arately and concurring may do that, or they
may get together and do it; still it is the Legis-
lature, whether the two Houses act separately
or whether they meet together in joint conven-
tion. When they get together in joint conven-
tion the adoption by the convention of the plu-
rality rule is not a delegation of the authority
to somebody else. A delegate is one who acts
for another; it is not the principal. Here the
eighty-one members are all together as princi-
pals, and they agree to make the election in a
certain way by adopting a plurality rule among
themselves. That does not delegate the power
to elect a Senator to somebody else than them-
selves. It is right there in their own control;
they agree to make the election.in that form;
a majority agree to that. Then, whenever it ia
done in that way, all acting together, not only
a majority of the convention, but every member
of both Houses acting together, it is the act of
the Legislature adopting that mode of express-
ing their will. Therefore I hold that this is a
valid election, I am sorry to have detained
the Senate so long, I submit the case so far
as I am concerned.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, when the
Senator from Illinois rose to speak I had made
up my mind to say nothing in this debate, but
topics have been introduced by him which 1
am unwilling should pass without notice.
The Senator did not disguise that the case
is without a precedent in the history of the
