1600
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
Senate. Never before has a Senator appeared
in this Chamber with the credentials of a minor-
ity. And permit me to say further, that I think
it will be found that the rule of a majority has
the consecration of history in all the proceed-
ings 9f parliamentary or electoral bodies. It
is the rule of the House of Commons in the
choice of a Speaker. The oldest electoral body
in the world is the Conclave of Cardinals; but
who has heard that a Pope was ever elected by
a minority? Let me ask your attention to this
example that you may see how the rule of the
minority has been constantly rejected, notwith-
standing every temptation, inducement, and
pressure to adopt it. There have been many
contested elections during which the Cardinals
separated from the world, each in a small apart-
ment or cell, opening on the Hall of the Palace
of the Quirinal, have been imprisoned some-
times for months, like a jury waiting for the
requisite majority. They did not undertake to
change the rule of elections and to set up the will
of a minority. There was Lainbruschini, who
shone, as Pope Benedict XIV, conspicuous as
statesman and as patron of letters, who was not
chosen until after the ineffectual efforts of
months. These instances stand as so many
pillars and I refer to them now as proper to
guide your conduct.
The question before us is of law, and nothing
else, it is not a question of .politics or of sen-
timent. except so far as these enter into the
determination of a question of law. It is a
question for the reason alone.
It lies in a nutshell. A brief text of the
Constitution, and another brief text of a local
statute are all that need be considered.
The Constitution of the United States pro-
vides as follows:
"The Seriate of the United States shall be com-
posed ot two Senators from cacli State chosen by the
XcflhlaHu <• thereof."
" The times, places, and manncrof holding elections
for Senators and Representatives shall be proscribed
in cach State by the Legislature thereof; but the
Cor,may at any time by law make or alter such
regulations, exeept as to the place of choosing Sen-
ators."
In carrying out this provision, the Legisla-
ture of New Jersey, by a statute passed April
10, and copied from a statute passed in
1790, has enacted as follows:
Senators of the United States on the part of this
State shall bo appointed by the Senate and Oeneial
Assembly of this State in joint meeting assembled.''
In pursuance of these two provisions of Con-
stitution and of statute, the Legislature of New
Jersey has undertaken to elect a Senator.
From the statement of the case, it appears,
thai, on a certain day the two Houses assem-
bled '' in joint meeting,''' that Ihev proceeded
to act on a resolution declaring that ■' the can-
didate receiving a plurality of votes of the
members present shall be declared elected;"
that this resolution was adopted by forty-one
votes out of eighty-one—eleven Senators, being
a majority of the Senate, and thirty members
of the House, being less than a majority of that
budy, voting for it; that, in pursuance of this
resolution .Mi. Stockton was declared Senator,
although he did not leceive a majority of the
votes ot cither House or of the joint meeting.
In point of fact, lie received forty votes, of
which ten were from Senators, and thirty from
members of the Assembly, while against him
were forty-one votes. And the question which
you are to decide is on the legality of this
election.
The Constitution is, of course, the original
and highest source of light 011 this question.
Looking at this we find that, in the absence of
any regulations from Congress, the manner of
choosing a Senator is referred to the State
Legislature. The Senator is to be chosen by
the Legislature, which is to prescribe, among
Other things, ike manner of holding the election.
Whatever the State can do must be derived
from this source ; nor more nor less. The
choice is to be by the Legislature, according to
a manner prescribed by the Legislature.
The Constitution of the United States does
not undertake to define a Suite Legislature or
its forms of proceedings. This is left to the
State itself. Notoriously at the time these Le-
gislatures were modeled on the colonial Legis-
latures that had preceded them, which had
been modeled on the Parliament of the mother
country. As a general rule, there were two
Chambers, an upper and lower; hut this was
not universal. In Georgia and Pennsylvania
there was for awhile only a single Chamber,
which constituted the Legislature. I mention
this to show how completely the State itself was
left to determine the conditions of its Legis-
lature. But the State speaks through its con-
stitution, which fixes these conditions. Where
the constitution is silent can the Legislature it-
self venture to speak ?
Repairing to the constitution of New Jersey,
we find that it provides that "the legislative
power shall be vested in a Senate and General
Assembly;" that these bodies shall meet and
organize separately ; and that "bills and joint
resolutions shall be read three times in each
House. No bill or joint resolution shall pass
unless there be a majority of all the members
of each House personally present and :*gree-
ing thereto." Such is the definition of a Legis-
lature, and such are the forms of legislative
proceedings prescribed by the constitution of
New Jersey.
The statute of New Jersey, to which I have
already referred as framed in 1790, was entitled
"An act to prescribe the manner of appointing
Senators of the United States and electors of
the President and Viee President of the Uni-
ted States on the part of this State." This
was in pursuance of the Constitution of the
United States. It was the execution on the
part of the State of the power with which it
was invested to prescribe the manner of elect-
ing Senators.
1 have 110 purpose of raising any question
with regard to the validity of this statute pre-
scribing the election of Senators in joint meet-
ing. Constant usage is in its favor; and yet
I lia^e no hesitation in saying that it has al-
ways seemed to mo inconsistent with a just
construction of the Constitution. Senators are
to be "chosen by the Legislature;" but the
Legislature is composed of two separate bodies,
defined by the State constitution. Senators,
therefore, should be chosen by the t«s> bodies
separately. So it has always seemed to me,
and the practice of my own State is accord-
ingly. In this opinion I am sustained by so
eminent an authority as Chancellor Kent, who,
after setting forth the usage under the Consti-
tution, proceeds to express his dissent from it
as a just construction of the Constitution. His
language is explicit:
"I should think, if the question were a new one,
that when the Constitution directed that the Sena-
tors should be chosen by the Legislature, it meant, not
the members of tho Legislature per capita, but the
Legislature in the true technical sense, being thetwo
Houses, acting in their separate capacities, with the
oidinary constitutional light of negativo on each
other's proceedings."—Kent's Commentaries, vol. 1,
p. 226.
Surely it is difficult to resist this conclusion,
esijecially when it is considered that in any
other way the smaller body is actually swamped
by the larger body. In a joint meeting the Sen-
ate loses its relative power. -But I adduce this
not for criticism, but only for illustration. Even
admitting that the received usage of choosing
Senators in joint meeting is consistent with the
Constitution, yet I insist that it must not be
extended. And this is the precise question
now before us. Contrary to all usage or pre-
cedents, and without any direct sanction in the
constitution or statutes of New Jersey, the Le-
gislature has undertaken in joint meeting, not
only to choose a Senator, but also to prescribe
the manner of choosing him. Finding that it
could not choose according to the existing
usage, it adopted the resolution declaring that
the electionshould be determined by a minor-
ity of votes instead of a majority.
Now, in this resolution two questions arise:
First, can the Legislature itself, by legislative
act, substitute a minority for a majority in the
election of Senators, and thus set aside a great
and traditional principle? And secondly, can
it do this in a "joint meeting" without any
previous legislative act?_ It is enough for the
present occasion if I insist that whatever may
be the powers of the Legislature by legislative
act, it can have no such extraordinary power
in the abnormal assembly known as a "joint
meeting." But we shall better understand the
second question if we consider the first.
To what extent can a Legislature substitute
a minority for a majority in any of its proceed-
ings? In most cases the question is controlled
by the express language of the State consti-
tution, but I put the question now independent
of any State constitution. .
In considering the powec of the Legislature
it is important to put aside any influence that
may be attributed to the unquestioned .usage
of choosing Representatives and other officers
by a plurality of votes. Because the people
may choose by a plurality, if does not follow
that a Legislature may. From time imme-
morial tho rule in the two cases has been dif-
ferent, unless we except the New .England
States, where until recently popular elections
were by a majority. But the origin of the
practice in New England seems to testify to
the rule.
It is proper for us to repair to the country
from which our institutions are derived for the
origin of the rule. Indeed, where a word is
used in the Constitution, having a previous
signification or character in the institutions of
England, we cannot err if we consider its im-
port there. I think we do this habitually. Mr.
Wirt, in his masterly argument on the impeach-
ment of Judge Peek, thus develops this idea:
"The Constitution secures trial by Jury. Where do
you get the meaning of trial by jury ? CertainJv not
from the civil or canon law, or the law of nations.
It is peculiar to the common law, and to the common
law. therefore, the Constitution itself refers you lor a
description and explanation of this high privilege,
the trial by jury, and the mode of proceeding in those
trials." ^ ^ * " The vcrit vrnri': by v.'liich
it is called into being authorizes it to look at once to
the English archetypes for its government."
Following this statement, so clearly ex-
pressed, the words "Legislature" and "hold-
ing elections," in our Constitution, which be-
longed to the political system of England, may
be explained by that system; so, at least, that
in case of doubt we shall find light in this
quarter.
Now, from the beginning, it appears that
there have been two different rules in Eng-
land with regard to election by the legislature
and elections by the people. Elections by
the legislature, like legislative acts, have been
by a majority. Elections by the people for
Parliament have been by a plurality. This
distinction will be found throughout English
history.
The House of Commons chooses its Speaker
by a majority. It may be said, also, that it
chooses the ministers of the Crown in the same
way, because the fate of a cabinet depends
upon a majority. In short, whatever it does,
unless it be the nomination of committees, is
by a majority. It is only through a majority
that it can act. The House of Commons itself
is found in a majority of its members; never in
a minority.
On the other hand, members of Parliament
are chosen by a plurality.. No reason is as-
signed for this difference; but it may be found,
perhaps, in two considerations: first, the supe-
rior convenience, amounting almost to a neces-
sity, of choosing members of Parliament in this
way; and secondly, the fact that popular bodies
were not embraced by the law of corporations,
which establishes the rule of the majority.
Hero let me adduce the authority of Mr.
Cushing, in his Parliamentary Law. I cite the
very passage cited by'lhc Senator from Illinois:
. "At the time of the first settlement and coloniza-
tion of the United States, the election of members of
Parliament in England wereconducted upon the prin-
eipleof plurality; which also prevailed in all other
electionsin whichtheeieetors wereatlibertytoselect
their candidates from an indefinite number of qual-
ified persons. Such has been, and still continues to
be, the common law of England; andsuch isthepres-
ent practice in that country in all elections."
It will be perceived that this statement is
with reference to popular elections, and not the
elections by corporate or legislative bodies. So
