2560
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
IN SENATE.
Moxday, May 14, 1866.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
The Journal of Friday last was read and
approved.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented to
the Senate a memorialof the Legislative Assem-
bly of the Territory of Montana on the subject
of a territorial library, setting forth that they
have learned from reliable information that an
appropriation was made by Congress for a ter-
ritorial library for Montana, and that the library
was purchased and put in charge of a Govern-
ment official appointed for that Territory, and
that, although that official has arrived in the
Territory and departed from ii again, the library
has not come to hand; and they therefore ask
the action of Congress in the premises. The
memorial was ordered to lie on the table, and
be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid
before the Senate a resolution of the Legisla-
tive Assembly of the Territory of Montana,
protesting against the proposed division of that
Territory; which was ordered to lie on the
table, and bo printed.
Mr. WADE presented the petition of Mrs.
Sarah E. Brewer, praying for an extra pension
■ in consequence of the loss of her husband and
two sous in the Army ; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WADE also presented a memorial of
many colored persons, praying Congress to
enact a law by which all able-bodied loyal male
citizens over eighteen and under forty-five years
of age shall be drilled and inspected in each
judicial district of the rebellious States once in
th ree months without regard to color or race, that
life, liberty, and property maybe made secure;
also, praying Congress to enact a law by which
no naturalized citizen of the United States who
has levied war against the Government shall
be permitted to occupy any position under the
United States; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. RAMSEY presented the memorial of
Commander B. M. Dove, protesting against
the action of the Naval advisory board, and
praying to be restored to his proper rank ill
the Navy; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I present a memorial
from citizens residing in and near the village
of Tabor, county of Fremont, Iowa, who rep-
resent that they have approved the decision of
Congress not to receive any persons as repre-
sentatives of the States recently in rebellion
until Congress shall declare such States outi-
titled to representation, and asking that no one
of those States be declared entitled to repre-
sentation until impartial suffrage is secured to
all its loyal citizens. I ask the reference of
this memorial to the join/, committee of lifteen
on reconstruction.
It was so referred.
Mr. SPRAGUE presented (he petition of the
Franklin Institution for Saving; of Providence,
Rhode Island, and the petition of Providence
County Savings Bank of the town of North
Providence, praying that savings banks having
no capital, and whose banking is confined to re-
ceiving deposits and loaning the same, for the
benefit ot depositors only, and which are now
subject to a duty of five per cent., may be
exempted bylaw from paying any further in-
ternal revenue tax; which were referred to the
Committee on Finance,
Mr. WADE presented a memorial of voters
and property_ holders in Alexandria city and
county, Virginia, praying that that city and
county may bo reannexed to the District of
Columbia ; which was referred to tlie Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. CONNESS presented the petition of
Martha A. Estill, administratrix or the estate
of James M. Estill, praying for the payment
of a balance claimed to be due for beef fur-
nished to the United States Indian commis-
sioner in the years 1851 and 1852, in the State
of California, to supply an expedition to the
Klamath country to settle difficulties with the
Indians; which was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
reports 01? committees.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was re-
ferred the petition of William A. Phillips, late
commanding officer of the Indian brigade, and
others, praying that bounty may be allowed to
the first, second, and third Indian regiments
under the act of July 22, 18G1, reported a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 87) to provide for the
payment of bounty to certain Indian regiments;
which was read, and passed to asecond reading.
Mr. CONNESS, from the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Pioads, to whom was
referred a joint resolution (H. R. No. 77) for
the relief of Ambrose L. Goodrich and Nathan
Cornish for carrying the United States mail
from Boise City to Idaho City, in the Territory
of Idaho, reported it with an amendment.
hill introduced.
Mr. CONNESS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. It. No. 80) to provide' for the
payment of claim of Martha A. Estill, admin-
istratrix of the estate of James M. Estill, de-
ceased; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
recommittal ov a report.
Mr. NYE. I move, by the consent of the
chairman of the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims, to recommit the report that was made
in the case of Frederick Vincent, administrator
ot James Le Caze, late of the firm of Le Caze
& Mallett, for the payment of money advanced
during the revolutionary war, to that commit-
tee.
The motion was agreed to.
courts in mississippi.
Mr. HARRIS. lam instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, to whom was referred
tho bill (S. No. 310) to change the place of
holding the courts of tho United States for the
northern district of Mississippi, to report it
back without amendment, and I ask that the
bill may be considered now.
Thpre being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill, which provides that the district courts
of the United States for the northern district
of Mississippi how required to be held at the
town of Pontotoc shall hereafter be heldatthe
town of Oxford.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to know from
the Senator from New York the reason for this
proposed change.
Mr. HARRIS. The place for holding the
courts for the northern district of Mississippi
is now Pontotoc, which is a dilapidated town,
inaccessible, with no railroads running through
it, and with no convenience for holdings court
there. It is proposed to change it to some town
on the railroad, a convenient place where the
courts can be accommodated. It is the desire
of the new district judge that this change should
be made.
The bill was passed.
reconstruction.
Mr. STEWART. I desire to offer, forjthc
purpose of amendment to the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 78) reported by the committee of lif-
teen, the proposition which I now submit. It
defines what is meant by "citizens,'' in the first
article of the proposed constitutional amend-
ment, and strikes out the third section as re-
ported by the committee. •
I also desire to offer, as a substitute for the
two bills reported by the committee, a bill em-
bodying both of those bills in one; and pro-
viding, further, that when the constitutional
amendment, as I propose to change it, shall
have been adopted by tlie requisite majority,
and any State lately in insurrection shall have
consented to the conditions named in the hill,
that State may be admitted, with an alterna-
tive offering them, as I proposed before, with
a slight limitation, amnesty for an extension
of suffrage by themselves in their State con-
stitutions . I propose, in other words, to give
them the alternative of enfranchising or dis-
franchising—of disfranchising as proposed by
the committee, or of enfranchising and receiv-
ing amnesty.
Tho PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will state that the bills and joint resolution to
which the Senator proposes to offer amend-
ments, are not now before the Senate; but
this will be regarded by the Chair as notice
that the Senator will, when these questions
come up, propose the amendments which he
has now submitted.
Mr. STEWART. I desire now simply to
have an order for their printing.
The proposed amendments were received
informally, and ordered to be printed.
soldiers' and sailors' orphans' fair.
Mr. MORRILL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a <joint
resolution (S. R. No. 88) authorizing the Sec-
reta y of War to grant the use of certain lum-
ber for the fair for tho Soldiers' and Sailors'
Orphan Home; and there being no objection,
it was read three times and passed. Jt pro-
poses to authorize the Secretary of War to
grant the use of lumber, not demanded by the
Department for immediate use, for the erec-
tion of temporary buildings in the city of Wash-
ington for the national tair for the benefit of
the Soldiers' and Sailors' Orphan Home.
LAW LHUlARy Oi' . L. PETIGRU.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, the joint resolu-
tion fS. R. No. 79) to authorize the purchase,
for the Library of Congress, of the law library
of thg late James L. Petigru, of South Caro-
lina, was read the second time and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes
to authorize the Joint Committee on the Li-
brary to contract with the heirs of the late
I James Louis Petigru for the transfer of the
law library left by him to the Library of Con-
gress ; and to appropriate tho sum of $.3,000
to carry into effect the purpose of the resolu-
tion.
Mr. 'WILSON. I should like to hear an ex-
planation of this resolution. I do not know
why this library should be bought. There may
be a good reason for it; if so, 1 should like to
hear it.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, it is a collec-
tion of books amounting to nearly sixteen hun-
dred volumes, collected by the late James L.
Petigru. of South Carolina. There is a need
for more books in the Law Library; they are
especially required for the use of the Court of
Claims, which makes very heavy drafts upon
the present Library, so that when the Supreme
Court and Congress arc both in session it is
very difficult to get books from the Law Library
to supply the demand made. There are a great
many calls upon it, and very often books re-
quired by parties in Congress are in use by
parties employed in the Supreme Court.
The possession of these books would be of
grfcat value to the Library, and thai is one rea-
son why we sought to make this purchase. The
purchase has been urged upon us by a great
many individuals for another reason. It has
been thought by a great many verv desirable
that the United States should own the library
formerly possessed by Judge Petigru. I never
had the advantage of a personal acquaintance
with Judge Petigru, but I believe it is known
to very many members of this Senate and to
the country at large that Judge Petigru was. in
his lifetime, not the one, but almost the only
one friend which fhe United States had in the
city of Charleston holding the social position
that he did. I hear it said on all bands that
through, all the difficulties which have occurred
