120
APPENDIX TO TUB CGMGBESSIGNAL GLOBE.
[February 14,
Senate.
Apportionment of Bepresentation-
-Mr. Henderson.
39th Cong. ... 1st &ess.
pation then, but look a different road to arrive
at it. I desire that no State law hereafter shall
be permitted to set up the senseless test.of color
in fixing the qualifications of voters. But I am
not now ready to take away-from-the States the
long-enjoyed right of prescribing the qualifica-
tions of electors in their own limits. Congress
is not now prepared to take and exorcise prop-
erly this jpower. Local reasons way exist, and do
often exist, for excludiug.certain persons from
the ballot. The people of each State can better
judge of these reasons than Congress or the
peoplp in other States. But the United States
is certainly interested in maintaining a repub-
lican form of government—republican both in
theory and in practice.
No State can vitally wound the true repub-
lican principle that'1 all men are created equal,"
and that when government is to be established,
its just powers must come from "the consent
of the governed," without causing injury and
bringing disease into the entire system. If
wrong be done in one of the States, it is event-
ually felt by the nation. If a State becomes
an oligarchy, the deleterious influences are not
alone confined to the limits of the State. They
cannot be so confined, because the few elect-
ors who control State policy are the same who
send Representatives to Congress. The mem-
bers of the Legislature, chosenby those electors,
select the Senators who ,sit with us here. If
the fountain be muddy, the stream is not clear.
If the electors be aristocrats, the representa-
tives will rarely be republicans. The right
of suffrage," said Mr. Madison, "is a funda-
mental article in republican constitutions."
"The regulation of it," he further said, "is at
the same time a task of peculiar delicacy.'' He
said, in another paper :
"It would be happy if a state of society could be
found or framed in which an equal voice in making
tlie laws might be allowed to every individual bound
to obey til em. But this is a theory which, like most
theories, confessedly requires limitations and modi-
fications."— Madison Papers, Appendix, vol. 3, p. 15.
We all feel the force of these simple words,
"Suffrage is a fundamental article of repub-
lican constitutions." Howtrne! But yet Mr.
Madison and the fathers were content, accord-
ing to my reading, to leave the whole subject
with the States, underthe hope that the people
thereof would not "abridge the rights secured
to them." That the States have abridged the
rights of suffrage and have violated the funda-
mental rule of republicanism, as then under-
stood in theory, we cannot doubt. An impor-
tant question, however, to be considered is,
were the theoretical views of republicanism
entertained at that day ingrafted on the Con-
stitution? I think not. They made a written
Constitution, and when they speak of repub-
lican forms of government in the instrument
itself, they mean simply a conformity with that
Constitution. Our fathers did not sanction or
approve of, slavery, but they left it existing in
what they called republican forms. The time
has now come, foreseen by Mr. Madison, (see
K o. 4:i Federalist,) when a '' minority of citizens
in somo of theStates" hasbecomea "majority
of persons," when, indeed, a majority of per-
sons is found in that " unhappy species of popu-
lation abounding in some of the States who,
during the calm of regular government, are
sunk below the level of man." Truly those
men have now "emerged into the human
character," and unless they have the suffrage,
the republican system will become diseased.
Violence and revolution must follow a denial
of suffrage to a majority of free persons in a
State, especially when that majority are the
subjects, not only of prejudice, but hatred.
But, on the other hand, as this is a practical
question, and must be dealt with in a practical
way, I am free to saythatl would notto-day open
the polls in the seceded States, were it in my
power, to theentire population, white and black.
When "'ere is a way to effect a great good
without any evil, that way should be adopted,
Good is often accomplished through blood, but
when it comes in peace, accepted by all, how
much better it is! What would be the result of
indiscriminate suffrage now in the South? The
whites for two hundred years have taken the
labor of the black without further compensa-
tion than a scanty support. Perhaps that was
all their labor \v s worth. I do not pass judg-
ment on that question now. The negro is ig-
norant and brutalized by this long period of
slavery. Perhaps the white man would be no
better u rider similar circumstances. I doubt if
he would. The negro is poor j the white man
has something left, but not much. Tlie little
he has, the negro thinks belongs or ought to
belong, in part at least, to him. The belief
may be well founded in justice. I will not pass
judgment here either. The white is offended
that his grasp has been violently loosed from his
slave, and like all angry mortals must wreak
his vengeance on somebody. He has not power
to harm the conqueror; he harms the innocent
object of the conqueror's kindness. Like other
disappointed men, he would destroy that which
he can use no logger. The feelings of the ig-
norant and degraded negro may .well be im-
agined, and I leave to the Senator froiu.Massa-
chusetts to imagine the consequences of an
open, full, and unlimited ballot ia those States
now, and especially where the nffgroes,have the
numerical majority. Perhaps their excesses,
following the ignorant,.unskilled use of power,
would set.back, for years, this great reform. I
have no time for further comment on the con-
sequences of such conduct.
It is, in my judgment, yet proper to leave
tlie qualifications of electors with the States,
but net to the extent of allowing them to in-
troduce disease and death into the bod-y-poli-
tic, by denying in their awn organizations the
elementary principles of republicanism. Mis-
souri has an interest in the Statego-vernments af
Virginia, Louisiana, and Texas, If these gov-
ernments become diseased, the whole body suf-
fers, for the States are but limbs of that body.
Our governments must be truly republican.
The present Constitution tolerates something
else. Let us amend it. The preamble of the
honorable Senator's resolution indicates that
the power to pass it is claimed, first, in the
guarantee clause, and second, in the constitu-
tional amendment abolishing slavery. It seems
admitted that the power must be derived from
these provisions of the Constitution or it does
not exist at all.
Mr. YATES. Will the Senator allow me to
interrupt him?
Mr. HENDERSON, Certainly.
Mr. YATES. I hope that I am not inter-
jecting what I have to say in a wrong place in
the Senator's speech, but I wish to ask him
a question. The constitutional amendment,
which has recently been adopted, abolishes
slavery in all the States; in other words, it
secures freedom to the freed men. It is not a
latitudinarian construction to say that it secures
full freedom to the freedman. Can full free-
dom be conferred upon the freedman without
conferring upon him all his rights, natural, civil,
and political? The second clause of the con-
stitutional amendment says that Congress shall
have power to enforce it; that is, to confer
full freedom upon the freedmen, for to abolish
slavery means to confer freedom.
_ Another point. Congress, before the adop-
tion of the amendment, could not make a citi-
zen, and a State could not make a citizen.
" We, the people of the United States," "do
ordain and establish this Constitution." The
people made the Constitution, not the Consti-
tution the people. But the Dred Scott decis-
ion declared that because a slave might be
bought and sold when the Constitution was
made, because at that time he was not recog-
nized as a member of the society, because he
had no rights which a white man was bound
to respect, therefore he was not one of the peo-
ple, not one of the sovereignty. By the con-
stitutional amendment abolishing slavery, the
freedman becomes what? He becomes one of
the sovereigns, he is emancipated into the peo-
ple of the 0nited States; and Congress having
no power before to make a citiz.cn, 'u
naturalize a foreigner, and the States having
no right whatever to make a citizen, although
they may regulate and make the rules by which
he may vote, the freedman, the moment the act
of emancipation was proclaimed, became one
of the people of the United States. " We, the
people of the United States," "do ordain and
establish this Constitution."
Well, sir, the question which I wish to pro-
pound to the Senator from Missouri, for whose
opinions I have great respect, is, wh) there is
any necessity for constitutional amendments
when we have the power under the amendment
to the Constitution already adopted now to
secure not only in South Carolina or Georgia,
but in every State of the American Union,
freedom, full freedom, civiland political eman-
cipation to every man who comes within that
provision of the Constitution.
Mr. HENDERSON. Mr. President 
Mr. YATES. I am trespassing upon the
gentleman's time.
Mr. HENDERSON. I think I understand
the Senator, and 1 only rose to ask him a ques-
tion which I think will furnish an answer to all
of his questions, for they all bear on the same
point. I ask him if there is any slavery or in-
voluntary servitude i n the State of Illinois ? Is
it not a free State?
Mr. YATES. There is not at the present
time any slavery there,, and cannot be, I believe.
Mr. HENDERSON. Was there slavery or
involuntary servitude :in that State before the
constitutional amendment abolishing slavery?
Mr. YATES. There cannot be slavery un-
der the amendment of the Constitution. It ia
impossible.
Sir. HENDERSON. There is, then, no
slavery now—and there was no slavery before
the amendment. I so understand the Senator;
he assents to the proposition. Now, how is it
that Illinois does notpermit her negroes to vote ?
She did not before, and does not now, allow
them to vote. Then Illinois is not a free State.
Mr. YATES. That is the reason that I pro-
pose by a bill which shall apply to every State,
not only to Missouri but to Illinois, to declare
that these men shall have the rights secured to
them by the amendment of the Constitution.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am left to infer, then,
that slavery exists where the ballot dot's not
exist? I will ask the Senator another question.
Are the women of Illinois free or slave?
Mr. YATES. I notice that when gentlemen
are driven to the point and to the wall upon
this question, they invariably ask, why do you
not let women vote?
_ Mr. HENDERSON. Not at all. The ques-
tion of woman suffrage is not before us. My
remark springs naturally from the Senator's
position. I have neither condemned nor ap-
proved such suffrage. The Senator savsslavery
has been abolished, and to abolish slavery is to
confer the suffrage: in other words, he assumes
that the denial of suffrage is slavery. I thought
not. The suffrage may be the best means to
preserve freedom; I think it is. But if the
person denied the suffrage, in oue of the States
is a slave, then slavery exists in all the States,
for women and minors do not vote in any one
of them, I would perpetuate the negro's free-
dom : but I would do it in such manner as to
be effectual.
Mr. YATES. I will answer that at the
proper time.
Mr. HENDERSON. [ am only discussing
a question of power. The Senator sctuis to
think I am combatting his desires. 1 am not
disputing his proposition that the negro ought
to have the suffrage, but I am speaking of the
way in which it may bo legally done and the
extent to which the ballot may be safely carried.
The Senator from Massachusetts projio?e.^ to
do by an act of Congress what I think can only
