636
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
State that oatli of loyalty, and shall count every
man who takes it? Everybody can see that
such a thing is utterly impracticable. The een -
sus-taker would fail to find many who were
really entitled to vote. Thus a portion of the
•oyal men, the voters of the State, would be
excluded from the enumeration, and thus the
representation from our State would be Still
further reduced. I contend that it would be
utterly impossible for the census-taker to ascer-
tain the exact number of those really entitled
to the right of suffrage ; and thus the injustice
of the proposition is still further aggravated.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, all 1 shall
attempt on this occasion is to place before the
House distinctly, and I hope intelligibly, the
true meaning of the proposition submitted by
the committee, noticing slightly the objections
which have been made to it.
It is true we have been informed by high
authority, at the other end of the avenue, in-
troduced through an unusual conduit, that no
amendment is necessary to the Constitution as
our fathers made it, and that it is better to let
it stand as it is. Now, sir, I think very differ-
ently, myself, for one individual. I believo
there intrusted to this Congress a high duty,
110 less important and no less fraught with the
weal or woe of future ages than was intrusted
to the august body that made the Declaration
of Independence. I believe now, if we omit to
exercise that high duty, or abuse it, we shall
be held to account by future generations of
America, and by the whole civilized world that
is in favor of freedom, and that our names will
go down to posterity with some applause, or
with black condemnation if wo do not treat
the subject thoroughly, honestly, and justly, in
reference to every human being on this con-
tinent.
Sir, our fathers made the Declaration of In-
dependence ; and that is what they intended
to be the foundation of our Government. If
they had been able to base their Constitution
on the principles of that Declaration it would
have needed 110 amendment during all time, for
every human being would have had his rights;
every human being would have been equal be-
fore the law; and 110 oppression could have
been effected except through usurpation against
the principles of that Government.
But it so happened when oar fathers came
to reduce the principles 011 which tliey (bunded
this Government into order, in shaping the or-
ganic law, an institution hot, ('mm hell appeared
among them, which has been increasing in vol-
ume and guilt ever since. It obstructed all
their movements and all their actions, and pre-
cluded them from carrying out their own prin-
ciples into the organic law of this Union. Out
l-ather than not have harmony among those
thirteen colonies, they postponed and compro-
mised. They compromised their principles for
what they deemed a greater good, believing a
short time would work a cure, and purify the
institution which they admitted to be clogged
by it.
At that day ninety bales of cotton left the
United States in one year, and now we have
millions of bales exported ; then but few slaves
comparatively existed, there being only three
millions of the whole population, and now the
black population has risen above the whole pop-
ulation of that day to four m illions. who are cither
to be treated as our fathers declared by solemn
declaration they ought to bo treated, or to be
oppressed by us as insolent tyrants, by which
we will deserve the execrations of the human
race. It has come to that. The time has come
when we can make the Constitution what our
fathers desired to make it. The time has come
when through blood every stain has been washed
out unless we choose to reestablish it.
God forbid I should so adopt the principle of
the gentleman fromXewYork, [Mr. Raymond,]
that this Constitution needs no amendment. I
■would rather not live than live and be so dis-
graced by such a sentiment. Now, when every-
thing is in our power; when the rebels have
lifted their parricidal hands against the country,
and cut themselves off from every right under
the laws of the Union, ^nd every right under
a repudiated Constitution, shall we so recall
this desire of onr fathers as to place it upon the
broad foundation of human rights, or shall we
still cut off a portion of those rights, and still
crush beneath our feet four million immortal
men? That is the question presented to us;
and yet we are told that no amendment is
necessary. Sir, let me tell the gentleman who
says this, and those who say it, for his public
information now, and for the information of
philanthropists and the friends of freedom and
of the human race, that I do not envy them the
position in which this, and only this, will put
them. Excuse me, sir, for going so far in my
remarks at this time.
Mr. RAYMOND. I rise simply to remark
that if the gentleman understood me to say no
amendments whatever were needed to the Con-
stitution, and the Constitution was better with-
out them, he misunderstood me, for I expressly
said 011 this very point of representation that
some amendment was necessary.
Mr. STEVENS. I refer not only to the
gentleman from New York, but to what I take
to be an authorized utterance of one at the
other end of the avenue. I am glad the gen-
tleman has explained it in that way.
Now, sir, since I have referred to that, I be-
lieve 1 am right, for f have no doubt that this
is the proclamation, the command of the Pres-
ident of the United States, made and put forth
by authority in advance, and at a time when
this Congress was legislating on this very ques-
tion ; made, in my judgment, in violation of the
prnilegcs of this House; made in such a way
that centuries ago, had it been made to Parlia-
ment by a British Ling, it would have cost him
his head. But, sir, we pass that by: we are
tolerant, of usurpation in this tolerant Govern-
ment of ours.
Now, sir, let me consider what is the mean-
ing of the proposition made by the committee;
how far it ought to bo affected by any modifica-
tions. It has been amended by the committee
in obedience to what is supposed to be the sense
of the House. The committee have reported
back the simple proposition that representation
shall be apportioned among the States in pro-
portion to their numbers, provided that when
the elective franchise shall be denied or abridged
in any State on account of race or color, all
persons therein of such race or color shall bo
excluded from the basis of representation.
lint some of our friends are apprehensive that
this is an implied permission to the State-) to
regulate the eleelive franchise within the States.
Now. sir, I venture to say that there is 110 good
philologist who, upon reading this proposed
amendment., will for a single moment- pretend
that it either grants a privilege or takes away
a privilege from any Stale on that subject. It
does, however, punish the abuse of that privi-
lege if it exists. Now, I hold that the States
have the right, and always have had it, to lix
the elective lranehi.se witiun their own Stale*.
And I hold thai, thisdoes not take it. from them.
Ought it to take it from them ? Ought the do-
mestic affairs of the States to bo infringed upon
by Congress so far as to regulate the restrictions
and qualiticalions of their voters? How many
States would adopt such a proposition? How
many would allow Congress to come within
their jurisdiction to fix the qualification of their
voters? Would New York? Would Pennsyl-
vania? Would the northwestern States? Iam
sure not one of them would. Therefore, if you
should take away the right which now is and
always has been exercised by the States, by fix-
ing the qualification of their electors, instead
of getting nineteen States, which is necessary
to ratify this amendment, you might possibly
get five. I venture to say you could not get
five in this Union. And that is an answer, in
the opinion of the committee, to all that has
been said on this subject. But it grants no
right. It says, however, to the State of South
Carolina and other slave States, true, we leave
where it has been loft for eighty years the right
to fix the elective franchise, but you must not
abuse it; if you do, the Constitution will im-
pose upon you a penalty, and will continue to
inflict it until you shall have corrected your
actions.
Now, any man who knows anything about tho
condition of aspiration and ambition for power
which exists in the slave States knows that one
of their chief objects is to rule this country.
It was to ruin it if they could not rule it. They
have not been able to ruin it, and now their
great ambition will be to rule it. If a State
abuses the elective franchise and takes it from
those who are the only loyal people there, the
Constitution says to such a State, you shallloso
power in the halls of the nation, and you 'shall
remain where you are, a shriveled and dried-
up nonentity instead of being the lords of cre-
ation, as you have been, so far as America is
concerned, for years past.
Now, sir, I say no more strong inducement
could ever be held out to them, 110 more severe
punishment could ever be inflicted upon them
as States. If tliey exclude the colored popula-
tion they will lose at least tliirty-five Represent-
atives in this Hall. If they adopt'it they will
have eighty-three votes. Take it away from
them and they will have only from forty-five to
forty-eight votes, all told, in this Hall; and then,
sir, let them have all the copperhead assistance
they can get, and liberty will still be triumphant.
Now, I prefer that to ail immediate declaration
that all shall be represented; for if you make
them all voters and let them into this Hall, not
cne beneficial act for the benefit pf thefreedmen
or for the benefit of the country could ever be
passed. Their eighty-three votes, with the Rep-
resentatives of the Five Points and other dark
corners, would be sufficient to overrule the
friends of progress here, and this nation would
bo in the hands of secessionists at the very next
congressional election and at the very next
presidential election. 1 do not. therefore, want
to grant them this privilege at- least for some
years. 1 want, in tho mean time, that our Chris-
tian men shall go among the freedmen and teach
them what their duties are as citizens; they
know them now much better than their masters,
and I hope their masters will take notice of what
tliey learn. I say I want our Christian men to go
among them, the philanthropists of the North,
the honest Methodists, my friends, the Hard-
shell Baptists, and all others; and then, four or
five years hence, when these freedmen shall
have been made free indeed, when they shall
have become intelligent enough, and there are
sufficient loyal men there to control the repre-
sentation from tbosi" States, 1 shall be glad to
.see them admitted here. But 1 do not. want
them to have representation—I say it plainly—-
I do not want them to have the right of suffrage
before this Congress has done the great work of
regenerating the Constitution and laws of this
country according to the principles of the Dec-
laration of Independence.
Hence 1 object to the amendment of my friend
from Ohio, [Mr. Sciirxcic.] lie says that if
we allow thee people representation in pro-
portion as they extend the suffrage we shall
encourage them to extend it to the colored race.
Well, that is the very objection. They will give
the suffrage to tlieir menials, their house ser-
vants, those they can control, and elect whom
they please to make our laws. 'That is not the
kind of increase of suffrage I want. I want all
such men cut off from it. But when they have
said to all the freedmen, to the former slaves,
" You are men and you shall be represented,"
then lot them come here. I shall not be hero
to see them, as 1 did their masters, who a few
years since drew pistols and daggers upon me
when I was making such a speech as this, yet
a free people will be here represented, and they
will take care of themselves.
But T have another objection to the amend-
ment of my friend from Ohio. His proposition
is to apportion representation according to the
male citizens of the States. Why has he putin
that word '' male?" It was never in the Con-
stitution of the United States before. Why
make a crusade against women in the Consti-
tution of the nation? [Laughter.] Is my friend
as much afraid of their riralry as the gentlemen
