1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2561
Between the State of South Carolina and the
United States Judge Petigru has uniformly
been found on the side of the United States;
that while almost everybody about him proved
disloyal, ho was uniformly found loyal; and I
have seen testimony, not open>to controversy,
that at different times during the history of the
Government, he rendered most signal services
to the United States. I have seen a letter from
a former President of the United States testify-
ing to the fact that during his Administration—
I refer to the Administration of Mr. Fillmore—
Mr. Petigru was the only man he could find, of
sufficient attainments, who would venture to
take the office of district attorney of the United
■ States in that district. _
Moved by these considerations, a great many
gentlemen have urged upon us the propriety
of putting the library collected by him on the
shelves of the Congressional Library. The
purchase is not, a very large one. It has been
reported that Judge Petigru died in impover-
ished circumstances; that he loft his widow
nearly destitute. The money to bo paid for the
Eurchase of this library would be of essential
clp to her in her old age, and I am informed
that it is really all that she has to maintain
herself during the remainder of her life, which
cannot be very much protracted. I hope, there-
fore, there will be no objection to making this
purchase.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to inquire how
much it is proposed to give for this library.
Mr. HOWE. The price is not to exceed
$5,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I was consulted with
reference to this proposition privately before
ifwas acted upon in committee, and I gave my
opinion very decidedly against it. I was not
present when it was considered in the Commit-
tee on the Library, and therefore I do not feel
boun'd by anything that was done there, be-
cause I gave no opinion in committee on the
subject. Had I been there, I should have
■opposed the measure. I admit the merits of
Mr. Petigru. He was unquestionably a good
Union man, a very distinguished man, a very
true man to the Union; a very independent
man, -who incurred risks on account _of his
Union sentiments; and so far I recognize his
merits; but, sir, my objection to this resolution
is twofold. In the first placc, because a man
remained true to his duty, whatever might be
the circumstances under which he remained
true and under which he was situated, living
in the southern States, where, to be sure, it re-
quired a groat deal of virtue, I do not think it
would bo safe to recognize the principle that
therefore, because he had happened to be an
eminent man, we are to provide for the support
of his widow or family in any way. There were
a great many people in the South who were not
in eminent positions who made as great sacri-
fices, because thoy sacrificed all they had, being
poor persons, not eminent persons, not distin-
guished persons, but having an equal degree
of public virtue, who have remained true to the
Union, and who have lost all. I do not see
the propriety, unless you mean to go through
with it and apply it to al* of picking out one
particular person, because ho happened to be
more eminent and more distinguished than the
others, and making provision for the support
of his family, he being in civil life, and render-
ing no active service, but simply remaining true
to his duty and refusing to concur in the rebel-
lion. The precedent would be a bad one. I
recognize no more merit in him than I would
in an humbler person, one of less distinction,
perhaps of none, but yet who sacrificed all he
had rather than desert the country to which,
liis allegiance was due; and I see no reason
why, if we begin this, we should not go through
with it. I regard this proposition as simply a
mode of doing indirectly what we could not
constitutionally and properly do dircctly.
In the next place, we know nothing about
this library. If it is worth $>5,000 it will soli
for that; but unquestionably it is just like other
lawyers' libraries—a library that probably cost
him $5,000, but would sell for very little. It is
39th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 161.
perfectly well known that law-books which cost
a man five dollars originally may, in the course
of time, be bought very readily at auction for
half a dollar or a dollar. It is very difficult
for many of them to be sold at all. A library
that is picked up by a lawyer in the course of
practice in a great many years is really of but
very little money value. New books have
taken the place of old ones : new editions have
taken the place of old ones ; and the older edi-
tions are really good for nothing in a money
point of view, except as waste paper, at the
end of the time when the lawyer terminates his
business. That is the case with my library. It
is not very valuable, but it cost mo some money;
it would not soli for the sixth part of what I
gave for it; and that is the case with all the libra-
ries of old lawyers. We know nothing about
the value of this library. No inquiry has been
made on the subject. That is probably the
character of it; it is the character of the library
of every lawyer who has taken the trouble to
acquire one that I ever saw. They arc of but
little money value. Thoy were of value to the
individual who owned them while he lived,
because he was accustomed to the books, and
they served him in place of others.
In the next place, this being a miscellaneous
library of that sort, picked up in that way, it
can clearly lie of no value to us. It would not
be fit to put into the Congressional Library,
and probably would not be worth the room it
would take in the Law Library. We unques-
tionably have different copies of all the books
wo own. It is not pretended that these vol-
umes are rare ones or of the best editions; and
it would only be lumbering the shelves proba-
bly with mere waste paper if wo had them.
This is, then, merely an indirect way of giv-
ing $5,000 to this widow for what is really of
no value to us, what we do not want, and should
consider of no value, perhaps, if we had ; books
that would not be purchased by us from other
persons to put into the Library, either the Law
Library or any other. I disapprove of the prin-
ciple of the thing, and I especially disapprove
of the way in which it is done. If we have
any power to do it, let us do it directly, and
give her $5,000, rather than attempt to do a
thing of this description. That it is brought
to us, and we are asked to give this money for
it, only proves that it is perfectly well known
that the works are not worth anything of any
consequence to be sold in any other way.
On these grounds I think the proposition is
a very improper one. AVe cannot begin to sap-
port the families of persons in the southern
States or elsewhere, however eminent they
may have been, who simply remained true to
their duty and died poor. Wo have 110 proof
whatever that Mr. Petigru suffered anything
or lost any property particularly on account
of the difficulties that occurred. I believe, as
he was a very old man, a very eminent man,
and a non-combatant, the general understand-
ing and agreement was that he was to be let
alone. I have not heard of any outrages^ being
practiced upon him or upon his family in any
way; and with regard to his family themselves,
his children are not all very loyal persons.
Some of them may be. One of then, at any
rate, I have good reason to believe is not so.
I dare say the widow is a very estimable wo-
man; but taking it on the whole I think the
thing is very improper, bad as a precedent,
founded on 110 principle, and the way in which
it is done is a mere sham. I do not like it in
any shape and shall vote against it.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I am sorry to
hear the Senator from Maine say that he will
■voteagainst this proposition. It is true he was
not in the committee when this matter was
considered; but the proposition received the
assent of every member of the committee who
was present, and I was in hopes it would re-
ceive his assent, though I had not an oppor-
tunity of consulting him about it. I hope the
Senator will at least reconsider his opposition,
so far as to concede that this is not a sham way
of doing anything. It is a real, actual, bona
fide way of asking the Congress of the United
States to appropriate a sum not exceeding
S5,000 to purchase these books, this library.
I do not discover any sham in that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Do you know anything
about its value?
Mr. HOWE. I never have seen the library.
I have seen a catalogue of the books. I have
seen appraisals put upon them by book men
in New York. They differ in their estimates.
They value them at from $3,000 to $5:000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Didtheyseethobooks?
Mr. IIOWE. I do not know whether they
have seen the books or not. It was supposed
by the committee that $5,000 would bo the
full value of the library. I think it, was the
disposition of the committee to pay the full
value of the library; it is my disposition. We
could get along without these books. The
Library does not ache for them. If it did, we
could get them in other quarters. I concede
all that; and I confess that my desiro was stim-
ulated to make this purchase by what ] had
known of the political relations and conduct
of the former owner of the library. I do not
propose to the Senate to make a direct appro-
priation to reward Mr. Petigru for his fidelity
to the Government under which he lived and
whose protection he enjoyed. That is not my
purpose. But if that man, who was true while
lie lived, when almost everything about him
was false to the core, left anything of value to
this Government which it is desirable to us to
own, 1 do think the fact that he was true, the
fact that the purchase of that value would be
a benefit to her whom lie may fairly bo sup-
posed to have loved better than anything else
on earth—that fact, I say, seems to 1110 not a
sham, but a real additional reason why we
should make the purchase.
The reasons why wo should make the pur-
chase are, first, that it will supply not a sham
but an actual want in the Library; second, that
it will givo us value for the money wo appro-
priate; third, that it will furnish relief to the
wife of one who while I10 lived the Govern-
ment had great reason to be grateful to. It
furnishes 110 precedent whatever that will bo
of any danger. It furnishes simply a prece-
dent in which we purchase property that we
want.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask tho Senator what
proof there is that we want it.
Mr. HOWE. Well, Mr. President, the Li-
brarian who has charge of the Congressional
Library did say to the committee that it would
bo of great convenience ; it was composed in
the main of a class of works which were very
convenient for reference in tho practice of the-
Court of Claims, and would relieve the books
now on the shelves very much of the'demands
made by those practicing in that court.
That is the evidence upon which I made the
remark that we needed it. It is not a prece-'
dent which calls upon us to vote a bounty or a
gratuity to every one who under adverse cir-
cumstances shall have been true to the Gov-
ernment of the United States. No such thing
is proposed, and I must deprecate the remark
thrown in by tho Senator from Maine that not
all tho family of the late Judge Petigru are
loyal or have been loyal to the Government.
I never have heard any imputation upon the
loyalty of his widow. It is for her benefit, and
her benefit alone, as I understand, that the
money which is proposed to be paid for this
library is to go. if his children were less faith-
ful than he, one or all of them, it is enough to
say that they are not to be benefited in any
way by this purchase, or I am greatly misin-
formed.
I must say, Mr. President, in conclusion,
that I do think it is well enough for the Gov-
ernment of the United States to show a little
gratitude for any exhibition of distinguished
'fidelity. I can myself subscribe to the truth
of what the Senator from Maine has said, that
his fidelity is no more to be^ commended that!
that of a person less distinguished in social life
than himself, less eminent in position than him- •
sclf^ and yet I am not sure that it is entirely 1
correct as he states it, I think I can Hnder- ••
