1866.;]
APPEHPIX TO THE OGSaKESSIOMAL
m
39III -Com . ,.lST ■&!&&.
Apportionment of .Representation—Mr. Hendermn.
SttAm
be done by a oofl^stitutionalainendment. That
is the di#er£n,ce now.hetween.the Senator front
Illinois and myself. I think the amendment
can be adop.tgd. Indeed, 1 feel confident of it.
;Mr-SEJS0TEE. "What amendment?
Mr. 'HENDERSON- An amendmentto
ho Constitution prevenfipg any discrimination
against the negro in theright.af suffrage because
of color.
Mr. SUMNER. It cannot.
Mr..HENDERSON. I thought, iathebright
lexicon of the Senator from Massachusetts
there was no such word as " fail."
Mr. SUMNER. 1 thought the Senator-meant
that this proposition of the reconstruction com-
mittee could be adopted. . .
Mr. HENDERSON. Oh no?Inev.er thought
that.
Mr, SUMNJER. I believe that the Senator's
proposition can be adopted, grate£u%'.a,dopted
by the country, but the other cannot. b,e.
Mr. YATES. I only put my question for
the purpose of showing thai, .under the Consti-
tution asit.aowris, uncier,the mew Constitution,
so far as the frsedmen ar.e concerned, all dis-
tinctions on account q.f color are abolished, •
and,all.that i,t requires ts appropriate legislation
to carry .into effect that ;proviaion of the Con-
stitution. It is made our duty to do it; it is
thrown into our bands by tjbie people.
Mr. HENDERSON. I was speaking of the
power, to pass this hill under the guarantee
clause, and not of the power under the consti-
tutional amendment abolishing slavery, at the
particular moment when the Senator inter-
rupted roe, for which interruption I am quite
grateful.'because I am alwaysglad to'hearhim.
X was speaking of the guarantee elause andwas
resisting the position assumed -by .the Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Summer,].in claim-
ing the power to pass his bill under tie guar-
antee clause. Now the Senator from Illinois
thinks that the constitutional amendment and
■tot the guarantee clause giv.es the power. I
understand him to say that the guarantee clause
does not give it; that is, he admits that before
the adoption of the constitutional amendment
there was no power in Congress to :compel a
State to admit its negroes to the right of suf-
frage.
'Mr. YATES. I will explain. . I thiak that
under the decisions of the Supreme Court, be-
fore the adoption of the constitutional amend-
ment, a State had the right, to exclude the col-
ored man from voting, because he was consid-
ered a slave, and not one of the sovereign
people. But uow the case is altered under the
amended Constitution; lie is one of the peo-
1 Mr. KEN DEES Oil. The decision did not
adjudge, I hope, a free negro to be a slave.
Tlie Dred Scott case did not deny thatji State
could give the franchise to a free negro. Nations,
as well as individuals, Mr. President, some-
times backslide. There may be such a thing
as a national fall from grace. Communities
sometimes retrograde. The cases of individual
reaction are numerous. We are yet doomed
to see many more. Let individuals fall back
if they see fit, but let our action hero be such
as to insure rational and steady progress. The
English Parliament and people traveled far
along the road of human progress iu their con-
tests with Charles I. They fell back, however,
and for many long years the milestone then
' planted by them was lost to their vision. The
French devolution, that most sublime convul-
sion of human passion and human aspiration,
-truck the shackles from twenty-five million
leople, who. rising from the degradation and
.nisery produced by ages of misrule and oppres-
sion, proclaimed liberty, fraternity, equality to
all men. Yet they soon fell back from their
advanced position. Their own excesses, their
divisions, and irrational measures paved the
way for a new dynasty. Louis XVI went to the
guillotine, and Napoleon came to tlie throne.
This is a most important epoch in our his-
tory. We now have seven 'Or eight million
dissatisfied, discontented, maddened whites.
They are ,to be restored to the body-politic and.
made contented. The.nation can be gen emus..
It must be.generous. . But chjpity must not be
convpx-ted into weakness- Four million ne-,
groes couaaingled. with a hostile population,
scarcely'.kno.wkig whether.theyiare* slave or free,.
uneducated, immersed in poverty, ready for any
scheme to benefit themselves, and yet.too igno-
rant,to select the'best means, they rnustbe cared
for, and .a way b,e provided to give them con-
tentment and knowledge an.d security for the
future. They demand our sympathy, but that
must be the sympathy of reasoning men,,and
not the fruitless simpering of children. If we
make mistakes now it will be many years be-
fore we .can recover. Let .none be .made. But
I may dismiss all questions affecting the -policy
of this bill, for it is enough that it js-unconsU-
tutional.
To return to the pointfrom which I digressed,
I repeat, that, for alh purposes connected with
'this bill, in. determining what is a republican
form of.government, we must look t.0 the Con-
stitution itself, w® must be controlled by facts
and not by theories. Theory is good to induce
a change of organic law, but it is not good to ■
authorize legislation in the face of that law.
Our forefathers, in fact, admitted the republic-
anism of Virginia with two hundred,andninety- ]
three thousand slaves; the republicanism of I
Maryland witth one hundred and three thousand
slaves; that of North Carolina with one hun-
dred thousand, and South Carolina with one
hundred and seven thousand. If these States
could be republican in form with so large a,
number of their people in slavery, surely the
.denial of snfeage alone could not, by any an-
alogy, taJse from them the character of repub-
licanism, I would be glad to think otherwise,
but I cannot force my mind to believe what
contradicts the history of the time.
Mr. SUMNER. Do I understand my friend
as insisting that the denial of the franchise is
consistent with a republican government? For
instance, take the State of South Carolina, which
denies the franchise to more than ,half its pop-
ulation.
" Mr, HENDERSON. In theory it is not.
Under the Constitution it was regarded as a
republican State at the time of the adoption
oi the instrument.
Mr. SUMNER. It did not deny the fran-
chise to more than half its citizens then; they
were slaves.
Mr. HENDERSON. It then'had only one
hundred and forty thousand whites, and had
one hundredand seven thousand slaves. It also
had eighteen hundred free negroes. I think it
more nearly a republican State now than then.
Practically, the question of suffrage was left to
the States—•—
Mr. SUMNER. But that is the question,
whether they were left to deny the suffrage to
any freeman on account of color.
Mr. HENDERSON. If that be the ques-
tion, then the point is against my friend, for
both South Carolina and Virginia did deny the
suffrage to the free negroes on account of color
only, at the time when the Constitution was
made, and when it was adopted. Virginia had
upward of twelve thousand free negroes thus
denied.
Mr. SUMNER. But the question is—I can-
not anticipate my friend's conclusion on that
point 
Mr. HENDERSON. My conclusion is, that
a mistake was made in recognizing a constitu-
tion as republican that permitted slavery. I
knew of no way to get rid of it except by con-
stitutional amendment. I think another mis-
take was committed in leaving each State to so
far abridge the right of suffrage as to change,
in theory, the republican form. But such is the
Constitution and you cannot change it by act
of Congress. That is my conclusion.
Mr. SUMNER. You are wrong.; it is a
question of theory, and I say that oar fathets
so held. ,
Mr. HENDERSON. Bat our fathers did
not deal with.it in the Constitution &s a question
of theory, but as a question of fact; - Whatever
nasay have been their theories, I tnean only-to
say that the text of the Constitution does not
carry fchem oat  .
Mr. SUMNER, How. the practical pews'
is, did our fathers concede to any State "the
power of -disfranchising citizens on account of
color? I utterly deny it, and I challenge, my
friend to show any authority for iL
Mr. HENDERSON. ' Why, Mr. President,
•if I have,already failed to show it, I .mast, fail
in tlie future. I have shown .that the suf&age
was left to the States, and that they did exclude
their negroes; that they held in slavery ia
Virginia almost half of their population, and
that Virginia was called a republican ! State.
Indeed, she was most prominent in making
the very provisions we are discussing. She
excluded the slaves and——
Mr. SUMNER. All! slaves. That "is an-
other thing. The question is whether you are
allowed to disfranchise freemen on account of
color, whether you are allpwed to deny them
their rights .as citizens. That I utterly deny.
The exception was with regard to slaves who
were not regarded as members of the body-pol-
itic. They were in that respect treated as mi-
nors or as women, represented by their masters;
but every freeman, no matter what his color
was, was recognized as entitled to all the priv-
ileges of citizenship. He was one of the sov-
ereigns. The proposition cannot be met, if my
friend will consult the- history of his country.
Mr. HENDERSON. It was not slaves only
that were disfranchised,- but I have shown that
free negroes were also disfranchised. But I
have no controversy with the Senator in what
we mutually aim at.
Mr. SUMNER. I know that, and I concede
to my excellent friend, of course, all that I elaina.
for myself. We are in search of the best that
can be done on this occasion. I applaud his
zeal and thank him for his courtesy.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am certainly very
much obliged to the Senator from Massachu-
setts. I feel now ten times better than I did
before. [Laughter.]
I cannot longer detain the Senate in pre-
senting objections to the exercise of legislative
power under the guarantee clause. It is suffi-
cient to control my own action, that I believe
by the letter, and even spirit of the Constitution,
the suffrage was placed exclusively under the
control of State action. I think that the error
of so placing it is as clear as the error made ia
tolerating slavery. To rid ourselves of the evil,
however, we must amend the Constitution.
Mr. SUMNER. Do I understand my friend
to say that a State might adopt a rule, for in-
stance, founded on the color of the hair, so that
all men with light hair should be excluded from
the right of suffrage ? I insist that a State is not,
under the Constitution of the United States,
authorized to make any exclusion on account
of color.
Mr. HENDERSON. Itoughtnottobe, you
mean.
Mr. SUMNER. No ; it cannot be. Color
cannot be a qualification. There may be a quali-
fication founded on age or residence or knowl-
edge or crime.
Mr. HENDERSON. You are now coming
in conflict i^th the committee of fifteen, who
declare by their resolution that the States now
have the power, and may yet exclude everybody
of a particular race or color.
Mr. SUMNER. I understand that, the com-
mittee propose to place that iu the Constitution
of the United States, and that is one reason why
I object to their report. I say that they pro-
pose to do what, our fathers never did.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts is in theory perhaps correct.
is speaking, however, of!an ideal constitution.
