is m.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
far as it goes it is explicit. But pardon me if
1 say that the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trum-
bull] has misunderstood it. Had he exam-
ined it carefully he would have seen that it had
no bearing on the present ease. Nobody ques-
tions the plurality rule in the elections of mem-
bers of Congress, although few, perhaps, have
considered how it came into existence. Mr.
Cashing, whom the Senator citcs, explains it,
and in a way to furnish 110 authority for the
substitute of a minority for a majority in a le-
gislative body. The rule prevailed in Eng-
land, and the colonies of Virginia and New
York adopted it. Prom these colonies, as they
became States, it gradually extended through-
out the country. A different rule was carried
to New England by the Puritan fathers. Even
by the popular elections that were by the rule
of the majority, as is explained by the same
learned authority:
"The charter of the colony of the Massachusetts
Bay being that oi' a trading company, and not muni-
cipal in its character, the officers of the colony were
originally chosen at general meetings of the whole
body of freemen; precisely as at the present day, the
directors of a business corporation, a bank, for ex-
ample, are chosen by Iho stockholders at a general
meeting. In the choice of assistants, who were to be
eighteen in number, at these meetings of the company,
or, as they were called, courts of election, the practice
seems to have been for the names of the candidates
to be regularly moved and seconded, and put to the
question, one by one, m the same manner with all
other motions. This was then, as it is 'how, the mode of
proceeding in England, in the election of the Speaker
of the House of Commons, and in the appointment
of committees of the House, when they are not chosen
by ballot. Probably, also, it was the n^nal mode of
proceeding in electing the officers of a private cor-
poration or company. In voting upon the names
thus proposed.it was ordered—with a view, doubtless,
to spenre the independence and impartiality of the
electors—that the freemen, instead of giving an af-
firmative or negative voice in the usual open and visi-
ble manner, should give their suffrages by ballot, and
for that purpose should 'use Indian corn and beans,
the Indian corn to manifest election, the beans con-
traiy/ The naniCf 'of the candidates being thus
moved and rotorl upon, each by itself, it followed, of
course, that no person could be elected but by an
absolute majority."
The rule, which is thus curiously explained,
continued in Massachusetts down to a recent
day. At last it yielded to the exigency of pub-
lic convenience, so that at this moment, 1 be-
lieve popular elections throughout the United
States are by the plurality rule. But 1 repeat
that this is no authority for overturning the
rule of the majority in alegislative body, having
in its favor so many reasons of law and tradi-
tion.
I have only alluded to the law of corpora-
tions ; but this law is of much weight in deter-
mining the present case. According to this
law the rule of the majority must prevail. In-
deed, an eminent jurist says that this rule is
according to the law of nature, as it is unques-
tionably according to the Roman law, and the
modern law of civilized States. But what is
a legislative body but a political corporation ?
If, therefore, I be asked, if a Legislature,
even by legislative act, may set aside the rule
of the majority in the election of Senators, I
must candidly express a doubt. The Consti-
tution confides this power to the '1 Legisla-
ture;" but the "Legislature" consistsof a ma-
jority. Ubi majorparsest, ibitoium. '"Where
the greater part is, there is all." Such is an
approved maxim of the law, and this maxii*.
has in its support, first, the law of nature ; sec-
ondly, the law of corporations; thirdly, the
parliamentary law; and fourthly, the principles
of republican government. Whoever thought
of saying, where the minority is, there is the
whole?
But we are not asl;ed now to decide the ques-
tion whether the Legislature, by legislal ive act,
may substitute the rule of a minority for the
majority. That question is not necessarily be-
fore us. In the present case there has been no
legislative act. And the question is whether
the rule of the minority may be substituted for
•the majority by the abnormal body known os the
joint meeting. On this point the conclusion is
clear. Even assumingthatthis substitution may
be made by legislative act, it does not follow
that it may be made in joint meeting.
Surely such a change is of immense gravity,
39th Coxa. 1st Bess.—No. 101.
and should be made only under all possible
solemnities and safeguards. If ever there was
occasion for the dole's and precautions pro-
vided by legislative proceedings, with three dif-
ferent readings in each separate House, it must
be when such a change is in question. Such
surely is the suggestion of reason. But the
Constitution itself, which delegates to the " Le-
gislature'1 of each State the power to prescribe
the manner of electing Senators, uses language
which is not open to evasion. This power is to be
exercised by the "Legislature," which may/) re-
scribe the manner. It is not to be exercised by
any other body than the Legislature, and the
manner is to be prescribed by the Legislature.
Now, assuming that it may be exercised in joint
meeting, it is clear that this must be in pursu-
ance of some legislative act, which shall pre-
scribe in advance the manner.
Supposing the case to be doubtful, then I
submit that all presumptions and interpreta-
tions must tend to support the rule of a ma-
jority. In other words, so important a rule,
having its foundation in the law of nature, the
law of corporations, parliamentary law, and the
principles of republican institutions, cannot be
set aside without the plainest and most positive
intendment. It cannot be done by inference
or construction. If ever there was occasion
where every doubt was 1,o be counted against
the assumption of power, it is the present. I
know very little of cards, but I remember a rule
of Hoyle, 1' If you are in doubt take the trick.''
•lust the reverse must be done in a case like the
present, involving so important a principle; if
j-911 are in doubt do not take the trick. This is
a republican Government, and surely you will
not abandon the first principle of a republican
Government without good reason. According
to received maxims ol the law, you must always
incline in favor of liberty. In the same spirit
you must always incline in favor of every prin-
ciple of a republican Government, and espe-
cially of that vital principle which establishes
the rule of the majority. Thus inclining, the
way at present is easy; and here let me quote
another authority very different from Hoyle.
Lord Bacon, in his Maxims of the Law, after
quoting a similar presumption, says:
" It is a rule drawn out of the depths of reason. It
makes an end of many questions and doubts about
construction of words; tor it the labor were only to
pick out the intention of the parties every ,j mitre
would have a several seliwe; ichefircs thii riiln cloth
C/ivf them a swat/ to take the. laio more certainly one
way."—Bacon s jSlaxihix, llcg. ■!.
And now, sir, I have only to say, in conclu-
sion, let us incline in favor of the rule of the
majority. So inclining, you will at once show
your reverence for the republican principle
and will stand on the ancient ways.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts has given us the law of Rome as to
how the cardinals elect the Pope. He has
given us the law of England as to the election
and displacement of ministers, and then the
rule of the House of Commons in the elec-
tion of their officers. He says these elections
are by majorities. He has affirmed much of
old antiquity that cannot be verified by the
text as it is recorded. But that I will not
discuss. He has admitted that popular insti-
tutions in England are controlled by pluralities.
Mr. SUMNER. Popular elections.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Popular institutions.
He has admitted that popular institutions have
been controlled by pluralities in this Republic.
He cannot dispute but that it is one of the car-
dinal laws belonging to republican institutions
and necessary for harmony. It is not demo-
cratic or republican, as you please to use the
terms. I hold them to be one and the same,
to affirm that a majority has absolute power.
Minorities have rights, but according to the
system of our Government as best organized
pluralities control. It is a law not founded
upon any abstract principle but necessary iu
the policy of a republican government.
It was within the power of the Legislature
of Sew Jersey, they having had conferred 011
them that power by the Constitution of the
United States, to make their own rule, major-
ity or plurality. They -were commissioned,
and by the Constitution of the United States
that commission cannot be withdrawn. Tliey
have exercised it in this instance. It is not
consistent with the duty of any Senator to act
in this niatter without grave consideration". I
gave to it the consideration which the Senator
from Massachusetts demands. I say that- the
Legislature of New Jersey convened, exer-
cised their franchise. Lsay that in the lower
corporations that the gentleman speaks of, it
is not the majority of the entire body but the
majority of a quorum present that controls.
That is the law that governs through all the
books. The Senator from Massachusetts
should know it. The two Houses together
convened were the Legislature of the State
according to their system of organization, and
they elected a gentleman who took his place
in this body; and when a law is violated by
partisan calculations wrong is done the nation.
I want to correct my friend from Massachu-
setts in his reference to Hoyle. Hoyle does
not say 1hat which he attributes to him. He
says, "When you are in doubt play trumps."
[Laughter.]
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
New Hampshire, [Mr. Clark,] to insert the
word "not" before the word "duly," and also
before the word "entitled," in the resolution
reported by the Committee on the Judiciary;
and on this question the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
Mr. STEWART. I desire to state that Mr.
Doolittle and Mr. V/illiams have paired off
on this question, they being o'n opposite sides.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. 1 desire to state that
I have paired off with the Senator from Michi-
gan, [Mr. Howard,] who is absent, who would,
1 suppose, vote for this amendment if he were
present. I should vote in the negative if I were
at liberty to do so.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 10, nays 21 as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Chandler, Clark, Conness,
Craerin, Creswell, Fessenden, Orimes, Ilowe, Kirk-
wood, liano of Indiana, Nye, Pomeroy, Ramsey,
Sherman, Sprague, Sumner, Wade, and Vales—19.
SAYS—Messrs. Anthony,Buckalcw.Cowan, Davis,
Foster,Guthrie, Harris,Henderson,Hendricks, John-
son, Lane of Kansas McDou'-uill, Moiiusn, Nesmitk,
Xorton, Poland, Kiddle, Sault>bury, Stewart, Trum-
bull, and "Willey—21.
ABSENT — Messrs. Dixon, Doolittle. Toot, How-
ard, Moriill, Stockton, Van Winkle, Williams, Wil-
son, and Wright.—10.
So the amendment was rejected; and the
question recurred on the following resolution:
Resolved, That John P. Stockton was duly elected,
and is end tied to his scat as a Senator from the State
of New Jersey ior the term of six years from the 4th
day of March, 18(55.
Mr. FESSENDEN called for the yeas and
nays ; and they were ordered.
tJpon the conclusion of the calling of the roll
the vote stood, as follows :
YKAS—Meb*is. Anthony, Buckalew, Cowan, Davis,
Foster, Guthne. llarrR Henderson, Hendricks,.John-
son, Lane of Kansas, MeDongall, JIoiRan. N-esmitii,
Norton, Poland, Kiddle, Saulsbury, Stewart, Trum-
bull, nndWilioy—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Chandler, Clark, Conncss,
Cra^in, Creswell, l(1essenden, Grime*, Howe, Kirk-
wood, Lane of Indiana, Kve, Pomeroy, Ramsey,
Sherman, Sprague, Sumner, Wade, Wilson, and
Y ates—20,
Mr. MORRILL, (to the Secretary.) Call my
name.
The Sr.cur.TAKY. Mr. Morrill.
Mr. MORRILL. I vote nay.
Mr." STOCKTON. Mr. President, I have a
colleague, and my colleague has telegraphed me
that he has paired off with the Senator from
Maine, [Mr. Morrill.] I telegraphed to him
yesterday morning that the Senator from Maine
did not wish any longer to be bound by liis ar-
rangement for pairing off. I received ail an-
swer this morning by telegraph from my col-
league stating that ho could not regard the
arrangement as at an end. I think it my duty
on Mr. Wright's account to state this fact to
the Senate, because when he was last in this
Chamber he told me as he left the Hall that lie
would not go home if it were, not, for the fact
that he had paired off with the Senator from.
