1602
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
Maine. Mr. President, I ask that my name be
called.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sec-
retary will call the name of the Senator from
New Jersey.
The Secretary called Mr. Stockton's name,
and he voted in the affirmative.
Mr. MORRILL. Perhaps the statement
of the honorable Senator requires that I should
say that the fact is substantially as he states.
The fact changes no result, however. Some
seven weeks ago, perhaps, when this question
was expected to be called up, Mr. Wrtoht
being here in his seat, I agreed to pair off with
Mm. This week, when the question was ex-
pected to come up, I felt embarrassed by the
arrangement, and I advised Mr. Stocictox on
Wednesday evening of that embarrassment and
desired him to notify liis colleague. This is
Friday. A sufficient time, a reasonable time
having elapsed, I think, within which the Sen-
ator's colleague might have returned, and after
the great lapse of time since the original arrange-
ment was made, and in view of the changes that
have taken place in the Senate, I felt constrained
upon the whole to vote upon the question.
Mr. NYE. It is proper for me, being a new
member here, to inquire whether upon a ques-
tion of this kind the person claiming the seat
is entitled to a vote according to the rules of
thif body.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
no rule of the Senate upon the question, and
the Chair has not the prerogative of settling
any question of the kind except, to hold that
the name of every Senator on the list may bo
called, and it is the privilege of every person
whose name is on the list to have his vote
recorded.
The result was announced—yeas 22, nays 21;
as follows:
YKAS—-Messrs. Anthony, Buckalcw, Cowan, Davis,
Foster, Guthrie, Harris, Henderson, Hendricks, John-
son, lane of Ivansai, JIoDouftnll, Morgan, Nesmith,
Norton, Poland, Kiddie, Saulsbury, Stewart, Stock-
ton, Trumbull, and Willey—22.
YiS—Me.ssrs. I!i uv.'n, Chandler, Clark, Connoss,
Oragm. (Yoswoll, Fessondon, Grimes, Howe, Kirk-
wood. Lane of Indiana, Morrill, Nve, Pomeroy, Ram-
sey, Slirrmai), Spraijuc, Sumner, Wade, Wilson, and
Ynt.^—21.
A LiSHNT—Messrs. Dixon, Doolittlc. Foot, Howard,
van Wniklc, Williams, and Wright—7.
So the resolution was agreed to.
message from tiii2 house.
_ A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPjierkox, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
the joint resolution of the Senate (S. R. No.
50) in relation lo the publication of the laws of
the United States.
The message farther announced that the
House of Representatives had passed (he fol-
lowing bills and joint resolutions, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (II. It. No. 300) to reimburse the Stale
of Pennsylvania for moneys advanced Govern-
ment for war purposes;
A bill (II. R. No. 8G3) supplementary to the
several acts relating to pensions;
A bill (II. R. No. 301) for the relief of the
estate of E. W. Eddy;
A bill (H. R. No. 420) to provide arms and
ammunition for the defense of the inhabitants
of Dakota Territory;
A hill (IT. R. No. 421) for the relief of James
0. Holland, late acting assistant paymaster
United Stales Navy;
A hill (II. II. No. 422) for the relief of Mrs.
Ann E. Smoot, widow of Capt. Joseph Smoot;
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 101) for the
relief of certain officers of the Army; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 102) for the
relief of Alexander Thompson, late United
States consul at Maranham.
adjournment to monday
On motion of Mr CRESWELL, if, was
Ordered, That when tho Senate adjourn to-day, it
be to meet on Monday next.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
•>. Friday, March 23,1866.
The House met at tweih-e o'clock nr. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
lieutenant ckotjse, and others.
Mr. SHELLABARGER, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a joint resolution ordering the
names of First Lieutenant Edward Grouse, First
Lieutenant Jesse W. Dungan, and Second Lieu-
tenant Joseph Parker to be placed and borne
upon the muster-rolls of the Army of the Uni-
ted States ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and, with the accompanying evidence,
ordered to be printed.
kansas and xeosiio valley railroad.
Mr. PRICE, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad, reported
back House bill No. 378, to aid in the construc-
tion of the Kansas and Neosho Valley railroad,
connecting the great lakes, Iowa, Missouri, and
Kansas, with Texas and the Gulf of Mexico, and
to secure to the Government the use of the same
for postal, military, and other purposes; which
was recommitted to the same committee, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was recom-
mitted; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
Tho latter motion was agreed to.
maumee bay and river.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced the followingresolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to furnish this House with such information as may
bo in his possession as to tho amount of money neces-
sary for tho improvement of tlvo harbor of Maumee
bay and Maumoc river at the city of Toledo, Ohio.
leayi5 of absence.
Mr. TAYLOR asked and obtained leave of
absence for his colleague, Mr. Ciianler, for two
weeks,
Mr. THAYER asked and obtained leave of
absence for his colleague, Mr. Bkoomall, after
to-day until Thursday next.
eastern district of new york.
Mr. ANCONA. I call for the regular order
of business.-
Mr. MORRIS. I ask the gentleman to allow
mo to put on its passage a bill relating to a ju-
dicial district of New York. Jt will only take
a few moments. It is House bill No. 134, to
regulate the term of the United States courts
in the eastern district of New York, and for
other purposes.
Mr. ANCONA. I will allow it to be reported.
The bill was reported. It provides for the
holding of six terms of the district court and
four of the circuit court, amends the act of
February 25,1865, by substituting for the word
"Suffolk" the word "Richmond," and regu-
lates tho compensation of officers of the court.
Mi\ WASHBURNE, of Illinois, (interrupt-
ing the reading.) I shall object to this bill.
nayy-yard on hudson kivjsr.
Mr. GRISWOLD, by unanimous consent,
introduced tho following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Jiemlved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs bo
instructed to inquire into the propriety of locating a
navy-yard on the Hudson river, opposite tho village
of Hastings, and to report by bill or otherwise.
e. "vv. eddy.
The House then resumed the consideration
of the bill reported on Friday last from the
Committee on Military Affairs (H. R.No. 394)
for the relief of the estate of E. W. Eddy.
The bill provides for the payment of $200,000,
being the amount of public funds in the hands
of E. W. Eddy, as paymaster, on board the
steamer Brother Jonathan, lost by the wreck
of the said steamer on the 30th of June, 1865,
off the coast of. California,
The accompanying report was road.
_ Mr. ANCONA. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
previous question will not be called until we can
amend this bill.
Mr. ANCON A. I will hear what amendment
the gentleman-has to suggest.
Mr. WASHBURNE,•of Illinois. I offer the
following proviso, which is the same substan-
tially as was adopted in the bill which the
gentleman's colleague introduced at the last
Congress:
Provided, That the final order for the allowance of
the said credit shall not be made until the whole sub-
ject connected with the said alleged loss shall bo in-
vestigated by the Paymaster Genera.!; and he shall
certify to the proper Department of the Government
that the loss of the money has heon fully proved.
. Mr. ANCONA. I see no objection to that
amendment."
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. \V ashburne, of Illinois, it was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
engrossed and rea,d a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was read the third time and passed.
Mr. ANCONA. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed, and to lay
that motion on tho table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
indian expenditures.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to :
Rpiohpd, That the Secretary of tho Interior be re-
quested to report to this House the accountof tho ex-
penditures made under his direction in conformity
with the fifth section of-tho Indian appropriation
bill, approved March 3,1865, specifying the amount
of each appropriation expended,and for what Indians
and for what objects disbursed.
arms for dakota.
Mr. SMITH, from the Committee on the
Militia, reported a bill to provide arms and
ammunition for the defense of the inhabitants
of Dakota Territory; which was read a first
and second time.
The bill authorizes and directs the Secretary
of the Treasuy to issue, upon the requisition of
the Governor of Dakota Territory, such amount
of ordnance and ordnance stores as may be
necessary to arm the inhabitants of said Terri-
tory who may organize for defense against bos'
tile Indians, not exceeding one thousand stand
of small-arms and one hundred thousand rounds
of ammunition, to be charged against the quota
due or to become due to the said Territory
under the law for arming and equipping the
militia.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. SMITH moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed ; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the 'table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
james g. holland.
Mr. DARLING, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of
James G-. Holland; which was reada first and
jfceond time.
The bill authorizes the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to credit James Gh Holland, late acting
assistant paymaster of the Navy of the United
States, with the sum of $500 in the settlement
of.the accounts of said Holland with the Fourth
Auditor of the Treasury, such credit to be given
to the said Holland for the sum of $500 in
Treasury notes of the United States lost and
destroyed without any fault or neglect on the
part of said Holland.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think
the House should demand a pretty full inves-
tigation of this matter. We are adopting a very
unsafe principle in paying for notes and bonds-
of the United States alleged to have been lost.
I recollect that during the last session of
Congress we passed a bill here, against my most
strenuous remonstrance, to reissue some bonds
that were alleged to have been lost on board
