3522
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
IN SENATE.
Monday, July 2, 1866.
Prayer bythe Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
On motion of Mr. CONNESS, and by unan-
imous consent, the reading of the Journal of
Saturday last was dispensed with.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a communication from the Secretary
of War, transmitting, in response to a resolu-
tion of the Senate of the 10th of May, a report
of the chief of Ordnance furnishing information
as to the present condition of the public works
at Harper's Fer.ry; which was ordered to lie
on the table and be printed.
ALBERT ELMORE.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid
before the Senate the following comfnunica-
tion from the Secretary of the Treasury:
Treasury Department, June 30,1866.
Sir : In response to a resolution of the honorable
Senate, passed this day, requesting this Department
to communicate to the Senate a duly certified copy
of the official oath taken by Albert Elmore, as col-
lector of customs at Mobile, Alabama, I have the
honor to inclose a copy of Mr. Elmore's official oath,
which has been taken by him in tho form required
by law.
In reference to the recital in the preamble of the
resolution that Mr. Elmore is alleged to liaye held
office under tho late confederate government, and
also to have otherwise given aid and support to the
same, so that he therefore could not honestlv and
truthfully take the oath presciibed by law, I'deem
it my duty to say that this Department was informed
before the appointment that Mr. Elmore had never
held office under the late confederate^ government,
nor given the same aid and support; that although a
resident of Alabama during the war, and at one time
a sub-officer of tho Alabama Legislature, yet that he
never took-the oath of allegiance to the confederacy,
and uniformly and always opposed to tho rebel-
lion.
All the facts in relation to Mr. Elmore within the
possession of tho Department were communicated to
tho honorable chairman of the Committee on Com-
merce prior to his confirmation.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully,
h. Mcculloch,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. L. P. S. Foster, President of the Senate.
The communication was ordered to lie on the
table and be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer the petition of Wil-
liam McDonagh, of New York, in which lie
sets jbrth that he deposited in the post office at
Williamsburg a package containing the sum
of $174 04, in mutilated currency of the United
Slates, addressed to Mr. Spinner, the Treasurer
of the United States; that that package was
never received, and he has therefore lost the
value of it, and he asks compensation from
Congress. I offer this petition with an accom-
panying paper, and ask its reference to the
Committee on Claims.
It was so referred.
Mr. HARRIS presented the petition of Dan-
iel McMahon, late a captain in tho twentieth
regiment New York State militia, praying that
he may bo allowed arrearages of pension to
■which he alleges he is rightfully entitled; which
was referred "to the Committee on Pensions.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. CLARK, from the select committee to
whom was referred the memorial of the levee
commissioners of the State of Louisiana and
of the Yazoo district of Mississippi, submitted
a report accompanied by a#bill (S. No. 405)
making appropriation for tho reconstruction
and repair of the levee of the Mississippi river,
in the States of Mississippi, Louisiana, and
Arkansas, and for the improvement of tho
river. The bill was read and passe'd to a sec-
ond reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BROWN, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 19) for the benefit of certain
volunteer troops of Missouri who served dur-
ing the war, reported it without amendment.
Mr. NESMITH, from the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia, to whom was
referred a joint resolution (S. R. No. 114) for
the relief of John A. Coan, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration and that
.it be referred to the Committee on Claims;
which was agreed to.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, from the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia, to whom
was referred a join^ resolution (H. R. No. 172)
for the relief of John M. Broome and others, the
band of twelfth Kentucky infantry, reported
it without amendment.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, to whom was referred a bill
(S. No. 387) to secure the speedy construction
of the Northern Pacific railroad and telegraph
line, and to secure to the Government the use
of the same for postal, military, and other pur-
poses, reported it with amendments.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 725) to
provide for the payment of the sixth, eighth,
and eleventh regiments of Ohio volunteer mi-
litia, of Cincinnati, Bard's company of cavalry,
and Paulsen's battery, during the time they
were in the service of the United States in
1802, to report it back withouTamendment and
recommend its passage. This is a very brief
bill to pay for services which I think ought to
have been paid for long ago, and I ask that
the bill be put on its passage at once. It will
take but a moment.
By unanimous consent the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It was
reported to the Senate without amendment,
ordered to a third reading, read the third time,
and passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HARRIS aSked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
406) for the removal of causes in certain cases
from State courts; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 407)
to amend an act entitled "An act to establish
the judicial courts of the United States," ap-
proved September 24, 1789; which was read
twice by its title and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
Mr. NYE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 118) relating to the International
Exhibition at Paris, in the empire of Prance,
during the summer of 1867, and the represen-
tation of the mining interests of this country
thereat; which was read twice hy its title and
referred to the Committee on Mines and Mining.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 119) relating .to the International
Exhibition at Paris, in the empire of France,
during the summer of 1867, and the represen-
tation of the mining interests of this country
thereat; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Mines and Mining.
MILITARY ROADS TN OREGON.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the
bill (S. No. 99) granting lands to the State of
Oregon to aid in the construction of a military
road from Albany, Oregon, to the eastern bound-
ary of said State.
The Secretary read the amendments of the
House of Representatives, as follows :
On page 1, lino nine, strike out the word " for."
, On the same page and line, after the word " sec-
tions,"strike out all down to and including the word
" ro;ul,"m lijic ten, and insert "per milo to be selected
within six miles of said road."
On page 2, in line eight, after the word " that"
where it occurs the second time, insert "when ten
miles of said road shall be completed."
• the same page, line ten, after the word " sold,"
insert conterminous to said completed portion of said
road."
(( On the same( page, line fourteen, after the word
sold, ' insert conterminous to said completed por-
tion of said road."
Mr. NESMITH. I move that the Senate
concur in the amendments of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the
bill (S. NOj,58) granting lands to the State of
Oregon to aid in the construction of a military
road from Corvallis to the Aquina bay. The
amendments were on page 1, line three, after
the word "lay," to insert "three;" in the
same line to strike out tho word "of" and in-
sert "per mile from the;" in line four, after
the word "number," to strike out all d6wn to
and including the word "road" in line five,
and to insert in lieu of the words stricken out
" and not more than six miles from ;" on page
2, line two. after the word "say," to strike out
all the words to the end of line three; in line
six to strike out "another" and insert "a;"
and in line seven, after the \rord "granted,"
to insert" conterminous to saia completed por-
tion of said road."
Mr. NESMITH. I move that the Senate
concur in those amendments.
The motion was agreed to.
HOUSE BILLS REFER RED.
The following bills and joint resolutions from
the House- of Representatives were severally
read twice by their titles, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands:
A bill (H. R. No. 187) erecting the Terri-
tory of Montana into a separate surveying dis-
trict, and for other purposes;
A bill (II. R. No. 255) to authorize a de-
parture from the established mode of survey-
ing in certain cases;
A bill (H. R. No. 746) for the organization
of land districts in the Territories of Arizona,
Idaho, Utah, and Montana;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 180) extend-
ing the time for the completion of the Agricult-
ural College of the State of Iowa; and
_A joint resolution (H. R. No. 181) to enable
discharged soldiers to change the location of
their homestead selection in certain cases.
LAND TITLES IN BENICIA.
Mr. CONNESS. I move to take up House
bill No. 557, which was under consideration
on Saturday.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 557) to
quiet the title to certain lands within the cor-
porate limits of the city of Benicia, the pend-
ing question being on the amendment reported
by the Committee on Public Lands, to add, as
an additional section, the following:
Sec. 2. Ancl be it further enacted. That all the right
and title of the United States to the land within tho
corporate limits of tho town of Santa Cruz, in the
State of California, as defined in the act of the Legis-
lature of that State incorporating said town, be, and
the same are hereby, relinquished and granted to the
corporate authorities of said town and their success-
ors, in trust for and with authority to convey to tho
bona Me occupants of said land: Provided, That this
grant shall not extend to any reservation of theUni-
ted States, nor prejudice any valid adverse right or
claim, jf such exist, to said land or any part thereof,
nor preclude a Judicial examination and adjustment
thereof.
Mr. CONNESS. There was an error in that
section as reported by the committee, and I
move to amend the amendment by striking o^it
all after the word "that" and inserting the
following:
All the right and title of the United States to the
land within the corporate limits of the town of Santa
Cruz, in the State of California, as defined in tho act
of the Legislature of that State incorporating said
town, be, and the same are hereby, relinquished and
granted to the corporate authorities of said town and
their successors, in trust for and with authority to
convey so much of said lands as are in the bona fide
occupancy of parties upon the passage of this act by
themselyes or tenants to such parties: Provided,
That this |?rant shall not extend to any reservation
of the United States, nor prejudice any valid adverse
right or claim, if such exist, to said land or any part
thereof, nor preclude a judicial examination and
adjustment thereof.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. and ordered to be engrossed, and the bill
