2562
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
stand that the temptations thrown about a man
in Judge Petigru's position, that the^ induce-
ments to him to be untrue and unfaithful to
the Government, might be stronger than those
around a person less eminent than himself; and
if so, he is to be distinguished and commended
for his fidelity in proportion to the temptations
lie had to go astray. Without entering at large
upon the merits of Judge Petigru, fori am in no
position and in no mood to attempt any eulogy
upon him, if the Senate do not feel any grat-
itude I cannot invoke any or create any. If
they do feel any disposition to be grateful for
such services as he rendered, here is an oppor-
tunity to show the gratitude of the Senate in
as cheap a way as gratitude was ever exhibited
to a man in the world. You can do it without
much cost to yourselves, and I think, under
the circumstances, you had better do it.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, and was read the
third time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the joint resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask the honorable chair-
man of the committee if there is any catalogue
of the books.
Mr. HOVE. Yes, sir. There was a cata-
logue shown to the committee.
Mr. JOHNSON. They are all old editions,
are they not?
Mr. HOWE. The editions were not given
upon the catalogue.
Mr. JOHNSON. If they are old editions,
as I am rather fearful they are, they are com-
paratively worth little or nothing. Their places
are occupied by new editions with additional
notes. No one thinks now of buying the older
editions, what may be called the classical law-
books. I would ask the honorable chairman
also to whom the money is to be paid.
Mr. HOWE. To the widow.
Mr. JOHNSON. It says "theheirs." Who
are the heirs ?
Mr. HOWE. It was intended to be made
to the widow.
Mr. JOHNSON. She certainly cannot be
entitled to the whole.
Mr. GRIMES. The resolution does not
propose to buy them.
Mr. JOHNSON. It authorizes the commit-
tee to contract with the heirs.
Mr. GRIMES. Not to purchase but to
"transfer" the library.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is noproof what-
ever in regard to it. The catalogue was sent
to New York. It is an old lawyer's law library.
The Senator from Maryland and I know very
well that they are worth very little.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have some reason to
know. I was unfortunate at one time to lose
the whole of my own, and I had to buy a library,
and I purchased Mr. Wirt's law library, more
recent than this, and I think I gave for the
whole of the library he had $3,000.
Mr. HOWE. How large a library ?
Mr. JOHNSON. Four thousand or five
thousand volumes. I know he kept his library
full up to the day of his death, was in the habit
of buying all the books, and all the editions I
got from his estate were good editions ; and I
only gave $3,000. I am satisfied it was twice
as large a library as Mr. Petigru's. Although
Mr. Petigru was one of the most eminent men
at the bar, he was so situated for the last twenty
years, I think, that he was not buying modern
books. I believe there was a law library in
Charleston where he resided, and I suppose he
used that. It is a very common thing now in
all the cities for the courts to have a library of
their own, or for the bar to have a library to
which all resort; and there are very few law-
yers who keep up with the books; and I rather
fear it will be found that that was the case with
Mr. Petigru.
No man in the Senate could be more anxious
to show respect for his name than myself. I
think the last letter he wrote he addressed «to
me, and I published it after his death in the
Intelligencer, in which he regretted what his
State had done, her determination to secede,
and spoke with all the love and devotion to the
Union that any of us could feel, and stated that
he really had hoped, as he was living when the
Constitution was adopted, that he should not
die after the Union formed by the Constitution
was at an end. As far, therefore, as personal
motive could animate any member of this Sen-
ate—and I am sure every member of the Senate
is willing to do all he can to show respect for
the memory of a man like that—I should be
influenced, but I cannot agree to buy a library
like this on the same ground on which I would
give $5,000 to the family.
Mr. HOWE. If the yeas and nays can be
withdrawn I should like to have the resolution
laid over. I see the purchase is to be made
of the heirs.
Mr. CLARK. It can be laid over without
withdrawing the call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. HOWE. Let it lie over; it will have to
be amended I see.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the further consideration of the resolution
be postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. HOWE. Perhaps the vote ordering the
resolution to be engrossed for a third reading
ought to be reconsidered.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. In order
to amend it, it would be necessary to reconsider
that vote. The Chair will put that motion to
reconsider now if the Senator makes it.
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is now
moved that the further consideration of the
joint resolution be postponed until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. SPRAGUB. I desire to submit a mo-
tion that my colleague, Senator Anthony, be
granted leave of absence for one week.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
granting the leave, but I wish to know what is
the effect of it. It seems to be a new habit
which has sprung up recently, or else an old
habit revived.
Mr. SPRAGUE. It is, as I understand, a
simple courtesy of the Senate. That is all.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection if it
has no other effect.
Mr. SPRAGUE. That is my understanding.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A messagp from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed,
without amendment, the bill (S. No. 310) to
change the place of holding the courts of the
United States for the northern district of Mis-
sissippi.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had agreed to the
amendments of the Senate to the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 66) relative to the courts and
post office of New York city, and the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No.
397) to authorize the coinage of five-cent
pieces.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills and joint resolutions;
which were thereupon signed by the President
pro tempore of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 511) imposing a duty on
live animals;
A bill (H. R. No. 567) to amend an act to
establish the grade of vice admiral in the Uni-
ted States Navy; and
* A joint resolution (H. R. No. 133) relative
to the attempted assassination of the Emperor
of Russia.
BRIDGE AT WINONA.
Mr. NORTON. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 263.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 263) to authorize the
Winona and St. Peters Railroad Company to
construct a bridge across the Mississippi river,
and to establish a post route, which had been
reported by the'Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads with amendments.
The first amendment was at the end of sec-
tion one to insert the following words:
And in ease of any litigation arising from any
obstruction or alleged obstruction to the free navi-
gation of said river, the cause may be tried before
the district court of the United States of any Stato
in which any portion of said obstruction or bridge
touches.
The amendment was agreed to. ' .
The next amendment was to strike out sec-
tion two, as follows:
Sf.C. 2. And be it further enacted, That any bridge
built under the provisions of this act shall be built
as a draw-bridge, with a pivot or other form of draw,
and with a span over the main channel of the river,
as understood at the time of the construction of the
bridge, of not less than one hundred feet in length
on each side of the central or pivot pier of the draw;
and one of the next adjoining spans shall not be Jess
than two hundred and twenty feet in length: Pro-
vided, That said pivot draw shall be constructed at
an accessible and navigable point in the river, and
the piers of said bridge shall be parallel with the
current of the river, as near as practicable: And
provided aho, That said draw shall always be opened
Eromptiy, upon reasonable signal, for the passage of
oats wJhoae construction may not at the time permit
of their passing under the permanent spans of said
bridge, except that said draw shall not be required
to be opened when engines or trains are passing over
said bridge, or when passenger trains are due; but in
no case shall unnecessary delay occur in the opening
of said draw after the passage of such engines or
trains.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That any bridge
built under the provisions of this act may, at the
option of the company building the same, be built as
a draw-bridge, with a pivot or other form of draw, or
with unbroken and continuous spans: Provided, That
if the said bridge shall be made with unbrokefi and
continuous spans, it shall not be of less elevation in
any case than fifty feet above extreme high-water
mark as understood at the point of location, to the
bottom chord of the bridge, nor shall the spans of
said bridge be less than two hundred and fifty feet in
length, and the span over the main channel of the
river shall be three hundred feet in length, and the
piers of said bridge shall be parallel with the current
of the river: And provided aho. That if any bridge
built under this act shall be constructed as a draw-
bridge, the same shall be constructed as a pivot draw-
bridge with a draw over the main channel of the river
at an accessible and navigable point, and with spans
of not less than one hundred and sixty feet in length
in the clear between piers on each side of the cen-
tral or pivot pier ot the draw, and the next adjoin-
ing spans to the draw shall not bo less than two hun-
dred and fifty feet; and said spans shall not be less
than thirty feet above low-water mark, and not less
than ten aboveestreinehigh-watcrmark, measuring
to the bottom chord of the bridge, and the piers ot
said bridge shall be parallel with the current of the
river: And provided aho. That said draw shall be
opened promptly upon reasonable signal for the pas-
sage of boats, whose construction shall not be such as
to admit of their passage under the permanent spans
of said bridge, except when trains are passing over
the same; but in no case shall unnecessary delay
occur in opening the said draws after the passage
of trains.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I should like to inquire
of the gentleman who has this bill in charge
whether the description of the draw and spans
of the bridge is the same in this amendment
as was inserted in t^e bill allowing the con-
struction of bridges at Quiucy and Hannibal.
Mr. RAMSEY. This bill was considered by
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
who had the other bridge bills in charge; and
it is similar to the one we passed a few days
since. The bill, however, is in charge of my
colleague.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The same width of
draw?
Mr. RAMSEY. Yes, sir.
_Mr. DOOLITTLE. The same height above
high-water mark?
Mr. RAMSEY. The same height and the
same span.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not know that I
have any objection to the amendment, but I
wish to ask my honorable friend from Minne-
sota to let this bill lie over till to-morrow. I
wish to have an opportunity to look into it.
It is a matter that deeply concerns the interests
of Wisconsin and some of the great thorough-
fares of that State. It may be that I shall be
