1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
123
39th Gong.... 1st Sess.
Apportionment o/ Jtepresentation—Mr. Henderson.
Senate.
dent, but the native-born African .may be. The
States, however, may in this' respect, notwith-
standing this amendment, do what the E'ederal
Constitution never did.
. My proposition is not so thorough as the sug-
gested proviso of the Senator from Maine. He
is willing to nullify all State laws making dis-
crimination between the races in political rights
and privileges. • This would give the ballot and
an equal right to hold office. The position of
the Senator is an advanced one, find merits
approbation. He prefers for himself, I take
it, the simplified proposition I offer, to the com-
mittee's measure, which is duplex and evasive.
Mr. FESKBNDEN. I would have the Sen-
ator not misapprehend me. He speaks as if I
disapproved of the action of the committee.. •
Mr. HENDERSON. That is an inference
of mine from the course of the Senator's speech
to which I listened with pleasure.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not disapprove it
in any shape or form. While I took the liberty
to state what T preferred if it. could be had, I
did not undertake to say that under the circum-
stances it would be wise to do it.-
Mr. HENDERSON. I understand the Sen-
ator. He admits the correctness of my views,
but thinks them inexpedient.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I spoke of my own par-
ticular views in relation to that matter; but a
man cannot always press his views against what
may be his sense of propriety or prospect of suc-
cess. A. legislator must legislate for something
that he can accomplish.
Mr. HENDERSON'. When I remarked that
"the Senator admits the correctness of my
views," I regarded his views, as expressed in
the proviso I have read, and my own views, as
almost identical. At least they are substan-
tially so. And I cannot be mistaken that the
distinguished Senator's speech clearly indi-
cated a preference by him for a plain, positive
statement that the suffrage should be granted,
over one permitting the States to exclude whole
races of men in defiance of every principle of
republican theory.
Mr. KIRK WOOD. Will the Senator from
Missouri allow me to ask him a question? I
want to understand him if I can. Do I under-
stand him to say that Congress by this amend-
ment confers on the States a power that they
do not now have?
Mr. HENDERSON. Certainly not, I did
not say so.
Mr. KIRK WOOD. I understood him to
argue as if it was so.
Mr. HENDERSON. I see what the Sena-
tor is aiming at, I think. He intrenches him-
self behind the provisions of the present Con-
stitution when he needs its shelter. It is good
when it answers the purpose of his argument,
but bad when it does not. He asks me if the
States cannot now exclude the negro from the
ballot. I answer, yes. But I thought we were
amending the Constitution. Iowa refuses ne-
gro suffrage, and can do so after this commit-
tee amendment shall have been adopted with-
out losing a member in Congress. No southern
State can do so. The Senator seems more
anxious to destroy the political power of cer-
tain States than to do justice to an oppressed
race, ft is true, under the Constitution as it
now is, the States may exclude the negro from
suffrage, but they may exclude him without
loss of political power in Congress. He is
willing to let the States continue to exclude
the negro because, forsooth, it is the present
Constitution. If so, why not stand by the
Constitution throughout, and still let them
retain their representation? If the existing
Constitution is good against my argument, it is
good against his.
Mr. KTRKWOOD. Thatis not the question.
Mr. HENDERSON. But that is the ques-
tion.
Mr. KTRKWOOD. Not according to my
view. T understand the Senator to argue that
we are about conferring on these States a priv-
ilege they have not had" before. I do not so
regard it- If the Senator argues that under
the Constitution .there is 110 such power now,
but that we are -granting them a power,, he is"
correct; but if they have that power, we are
simply not interfering with that provision of the
Constitution. That is all.
Mr. HENDERSON. I appreciate the Sen-
ator's position, and am glad to have his views,
but I wish to confine myself to the neighbor-
hood, at least, of my subject.
So soon as the rebellion had been put down
by military force, means ought to have been
taken to remove forever the causes that pro-
voked it. The South made the issue boldly in
the Montgomery confederation. It was not
slavery especially that induced the separation.
Slavery was but the incident. It was the infe-
riority of the black man and his unfitness for
political association with the white man that
constituted the corner-stone of the confederate
fabric. When the fabric was torn down and
scattered to the winds, the false political teach-
ings, that entered info its construction, were
abandoned by the builders. The South not
only recognized the destruction of slavery on
the downfall of the rebellion, but they were
ready to abandon all the dogmas upon which
slavery was founded. Slavery of white men,
equals, was not justified by any portion of our
people. It could only be justified as a guard-
ianship or patriarchal government over an
inferior race. If the inferiority were admitted,
slavery had its defense in some sort of reason.
But the experiences of the war attacked and
destroyed this defense, long known to the South
itself to be utterly untenable. Hence, on sub-
mitting to the national authority, they equally
yielded to the logic of events on the negro ques-
tion. Th-ey were ready to give up, in practice
anyhow, the idea of the negro's inferiority.
Mr. Calhoun, and other prominent men in the
South, always held that if the negro were made
free it was tantamount to a declaration of his
equality, and his enfranchisement must follow.
If President Johnson had said in his procla-
mation of amnesty, "Whereas the people of
the seceded States organized a rebellion and
fought for four years against the Government
of the United States in an unholy attempt to
perpetuate the slavery of an entire race, on the
false ground of the inferiority of that race; and
whereas their rebellion has been overthrown,
now I, Andrew Johnson, desiring to see slavery
and its attendant evils removed, and that jus-
tice be established throughout the land, North
and South, do proclaim that all persons taking
part in said rebellion shall be pardoned upon
the express condition that slavery and all its
pretensions shall be abolished, and that all
distinctions of race and color in civil and polit-
ical rights shall henceforth cease," would they
not have accepted it? Would they not ha,ve
been glad to accept it? No doubt about it;
and then this angry controversy, just beginning
to mold new political organizations, would have
been unknown.
Mr. CONNESS. The President tells you
that he is afraid that would bring about a war
of races.
Mr. HENDERSON. Simple justice never
made war. To show that I am not mistaken in the
expectations of the country, North and South,
on this subject, I refer first to the testimony of
Mr. Reagan, of Texas, who was the postmaster
general under the rebel government, and was
one of the most active and persistent of rebel
chiefs. His testimony is but the expression of
a then fixed public sentiment at the South.
He says, in a letter addressed to the people of
Texas, just after the fall of the confederacy :
" I have iw doubt you can adopt a plan which will
fully meet the demands of justice and fairness, aud
satisfy the northern mind and the requirements of
the Government, without endange-ring good govern-
ment and the repose of society. This can be doneby
" First, extending the privileges and protection of
the laws over nogroesas they are over the whites, and
allowing them to testify in the courts on the same
conditions; leaving their testimony subject to the
rules relating to its credibility; but not objecting to
its admissibility. And in this you will conform with
the wise current of legislation, and the tendency of
all judicial decisions in alt enlightened countries.
' And ^second, by fixing an intellectual, moral, and.
if thought necessary, a property testfor the admission
of all persons to the exercise of the elective franchise,
without reference to race or color, which would secure
its intelligent exercise." -
In enumerating the advantages of these sug-
gestions, he i
, First. It Would remove all just grounds of antag-
onism and hostility between the white and black
races. Unless this is done endless strife and bitter-
ness of feeling must characterize their relations, and,
as all history and human experience teach ns. must
sooner or later result in a war of races. We now
know from sad experience what war is between
equals and enlightened people. But of all wars a
social war of races is the most relentless and cruel,
the extermination or expulsion from the country or
enslavement of one or the other being the inevitable-
end where tbey are left to themselves, or the loss of
liberty to both races where they are both subject to
the control of a superior power, which would be our
situation. I speak, of course, of the legal rights and
statue of the two races. Their social relations are
matters of taste and choice, and hot subject to legis-
lative regulation.
"Second. This course would disarm and put an end
to inter-State sectional political agitation, on this
subject at least, which hasbeen thespecial curse of our
country for so many years, and which was the cause
of the unnumbered woes we have recently experi-
enced and still suffer; by depriving the agitators of
a subject on which to keep up such an agitation, and
of the means of producing jealousy, animosity, and
hatred between the different races. And this would
do much toward the renewal of the ancient rela-
tions of national harmony aud fraternal good will
between all parts of the country."
The President of the United States, who is
now supposed to be so utterly opposed to negro
suffrage, even as late as October last, author-
ized a publication by one Major Steams, giving
his opinion most decidedly in its favor. The
President said:
" My-position here is different from what it would
be if I were in Tennessee.
"Th ere JL should try to introduce negro suffrage grad-
ually ; first, those who had served in the Army; those
who eonld rend and write, and perhaps a property
qualification for others, say two hundred or two hun-
dred and fifty dollars."
In the early days of last October, I had a con-
versation myself with the President, in which
I expressed some fears of the loyalty of the new
organizations, and to'ok occasion to suggest the
hope that he would insist on some sort of modi-
fied negro suffrage in those States, as a means
of taking the question forever out of politics,
and further, of removing, as. far as possible,
the false sentiments that originated and gave
strength to the rebellion. The result of the
conversation was that I was authorized to give
publicity to his views, which I did in a speech
of October 21, in my State, from, which I read
an extract:
" Taking his stand-point that theStates are still in
the Union, he does not think he can consistently in-
terfere with the franchise in those States or in any
other; that is, that he can confer it upon persons not
enjoying it under the respective State constitutions,
as they existed before the rebellion; but as an indi-
vidual hedesires that the negro shall be enfranchised
and would be gratified to see the several State con-
ventions extend the franchise to all persons of color
who can read the Constitution of the United States
in English and write their names, and also to all per-
sons of color who own real estate valued at not lesa
than $250, and who pay taxes thereon."
T again repeat that these words were uttered
to me by the President of the United States in
the early days of October last, and now it is
given out that the President is opposed to
negro suffrage, not only in the States, but in
the District of Columbia, where the power of
Congress is not disputed. On the 10th of last
October, the President addressed a_ regiment of
negro soldiers, returning from service, in which
he said:
"This is your country as well as anybody else's
country. This is the country in which you expect, to
live and in which you expect to do something by your
example in civil life, as you have done m the field.
This country is founded on the principle of equality.
Again:
"It is for you to establish the great fact that you
are fit and qualified to he free."
And again :
"lie is the most exalted that is the most meritori-
ous, without regard to color."
