the congressional globe.
May 14,.
in., any way the officers of the customs. I am
not aware that it adds new officers or that it
in any \vay directly changes the compensation.
Mr. JOHNSON. Does it not abolish some?
Mr. MORRILL. I think not.
Mr. JOHNSON. I so understand its reading.
Mr. MORRILL. I believe there is no author-
ity to abolish -any officers except in a contin-
gency. The main feature of the bill is to amend
the statutes to prevent smuggling, according
to the experience of the Treasury Department,
to render them more efficient, and to add such
additional sections as have been suggested by
the exigencies of the times. These are the
chief features of the bill, and I believe all the
details will be found to fall under this general
statement. The several sections and amend-
ments thereto, having reference to the old stat-
utes, statutes which are not new, very nearly
explain themselves, so that I do not feel called
upon to make any extended explanation of the
sections in detail. I shall be glad to explain any
section to which my attention may be called.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sec-
retary will read the amendments reported by
the Committee on Commerce in their order.
The Secretary read the first amendment,
which was in section two, line five, to strike
out "an officer" and insert "a collector, naval
officer, or surveyor."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two,
line nine, to strike out the word "other1! before
"envelope."
The amendment was agreed to.
_ The next amendment was in section two,
line eighteen, to strikeout the word "impli-
cated" and insert the word " engaged."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two,
line nineteen, after the word "violation," to
strike out the remainder of the section, in the
following words:
And the Secretary of the Treasury shall have power,
fromtime to time, to appointsuch agents of the Treas-
ury Department as, in his opinion, the exigencies of
the revenue service may require, who shall be enti-
tled to such reasonable compensation as he shall pre-
scribe; and the twenty-seventh section ofthoact
entitled An aot for enrolling and licensing ships
and vessels to be employed in the coasting trade and
fisheries, and for regulating the same," approved Feb-
ruary 18, 1/93, and the sixty-eighth and seventieth
sections of the act entitled " An act to regulate the
collection of duties on imports and tonnage," ap-
aproved March 2,1799, are hereby repealed.
The amendment was agreed to.
_ The next amendment was in section three,
line ten, to strike out theword " other" before
the word "envelope."
The amendment was agreed to.
_ The next amendment was in section three,
line twenty-five, after the word "concealment,''
to insert the words "and all the equipage,
trappings, and other appurtenances of such
beast, team, or vehicle so that the clause
will read:  
And every such vehicle and beast, or either, together
with teams or other motive power used in conveying,
drawing, or propelling such vehicle, goods, wares, or
merchandise, and all other appurtenances, including
trunks, envelopes, covers, and all means of conceal-
ment, and all the eguipage, trappings, and other ap-
purtenances of such beast, team, or vehicle shall be
subject to seizure and forfeiture.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section three,
line twenty-seven, after the word "forfeiture,"
to strike out the following words :
, ?n *ike manner as is now by law, or shall he by
this act, provided in regard to such goods, wares,
or merchandise.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section four,
line eight, after the word "law," to insert
"such goods, wares, and merchandise shall be
fori cited, andso that the section will read:
. That if any person shall fraudulently or knowingly
import or bring into the United States, or assist in
so doing-, any goods, wares, or merchandise contrary
to law, or shall receive, conceal, buy, sell, or in any
manner facilitate the transportation, concealment,
or sale o 1 such goods, wares, or merchandise after
their importation, knowing the same to have been
imported contrary to law, such goods, wares, and
merchandise shall he forfeited, and he or she shall,
on conviction thereof before any court of competent
jurisdiction, be fined in any sum not. exceeding five
thousand dollars nor less than fifty dollars, or be im-
prisoned for any time not exceeding two years, or
both, at the discretion of such court.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section four,
line thirteen, aftertheword "court," to strike
out the following words:
And the guilty knowledge of the defendant, when
convicted of the fact, shall in all cases be presumed
unless he or she prove the contrary.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
And the onus probandi shall lie upon the defendant
where probable cause is shown for such prosecution,
to bo judged of by the court before whom the prose-
cution is had.
Mr..JOHNSON. It seems to me that this is
a departure from all the rules which experience
has proved to be just and righteous. The object
of the section is to prevent the illegal importa-
tion of certain articles of merchandise men-
tioned in it. I think the Senate had better look
at it, for the amendment changes the section
very materially. The section provides:
That if any person shall fraudulently or knowingly
import or bring into the United States, or assist in so
doing, any goods, wares, or merchandise, contrary to
law, or shaH receive, conceal, bay, sell, or in any
manner facilitate the transportion, concealment, or
sale of such goods, wares, or merchandise, after their
importation, knowingthe same to have been imported
contrary to law, such goods, wares, and merchandise
shall be forfeited.
As the bill originally stood, in the event of
a prosecution, it provided that "the guilty
knowledge of the defendant when convicted
of the fact"—that is to say, when convicted of
the fact of receiving, buying, or selling goods
that had been improperly imported—"shall in
all cases be presumed, unless he or she prove
the contrary." That is contrary to all ide^s
of law.
Mr. MORRILL. That is stricken out.
Mr. JOHNSON. I know that is stricken
out. The committee have stricken that out
because, in the_ judgment of the committee, it
is liable to objection; but they substitute for
it what, according to my view, makes it almost
as obnoxious as the passage they propose to
strike out. They propose to substitute for it
the following :
The onus probandi shall lio upon the defendant
where probable cause is shown for such prosecution,
to be judged of by the court before whom the prose-
cution is had.
Now, what is "probable cause" for a pros-
ecution? "What must a judge say is probable
cause? That the goods have been imported
contrary to law by somebody, and secondly,
that the man prosecuted has received or bought
or sold them. The fact of the illegal importa-
tion connected with the fact of the reception
or the buying or the selling the judge may
consider as sufficient probable cause to believe
that the man is guilty, and cast upon him the
burden of proving his innocence. I know of
no case in which a rule of evidence so harsh
as_ that has been adopted. It is a very good
thing to prevent smuggling in order to secure
as much revenue as we can: but it is paying
very dearly if we accomplish that object by
breaking down the landmarks which have here-
tofore been supposed by all the jurists of the
country necessary to protect the individual
citizen against an improper prosecution.
Now, it seems to me, it would be better to
leave the case to stand upon the rules of evi-
dence applicable to all offenses. Why is it
necessary to say in this case, more than in any
other case, that the defendant shall have thrown
upon him the burden of proving his innocence?
In all eases, if there be proof before the jury
reasonably tending to the conviction of the
offender, because reasonably establishing his
guilt of the offense, he is called upon to defend
himself. You do not want any additional stat-
ute in order to east upon the offender who may
be prosecuted the burden, in a case of that
description, of proving his innocence ; and the
object, therefore, of this provision is to place
him in a much worse situation than he is placed
in now._ Whenever the court, not the jury,
shall think that the man is guilty upon the evi-
dence which the prosecution has produced,
then a verdict is to be pronounced against him
unless he proves his innocence. The judge,
therefore, will be bound to tell the jury, "I
think—it is perfectly immaterial what you
think—that the man is guilty upon the evidence
already adduced, and you must find him
guilty"—that is the necessary result, provided
the law is carried out—"you must find him
guilty, unless he, by evidence, assures you that
he is not guilty." It seems to me, and I sub-
mit it to the honorable member from Maine,
that that is going infinitely further than in any
country that I know of it has ever been sup-
posed necessary to go where the rights of the
individual citizen are regarded at all. We
might all be placed in that situation.
Mr. MORRILL. Oh, no; it only applies
to smugglers.
Mr. JOHNSON. You might buy goods
from them without knowing it. There are a
few smugglers, perhaps, on the coast of Maine;
I think it very likely that a great deal of the
smuggling has been in that neighborhood. My
friend might be in Castine and might buy
goods that had been improperly smuggled in
Castine. Suppose he should be prosecuted.
The proof against him would be that the goods
had been smuggled in and that he had bought
them. That is a very good ground for prose-
cuting ; and the only thing to be proved is,
that he did know (in the absence of this legis-
lation) that they were smuggled ; but if you
adopt this amendment it is not necessary to
prove that. They will prove the fact of the
illegal importation and the fact of the pur-
chase, and then call upon him to prove that
he did not know that they were illegally im-
ported ; otherwise he would be subjected to
the forfeiture. I do not see the occasion for
it. I repeat, that in all cases, no matter what
the character of the offense is, if the prosecu-
tion produces evidence which, in the judgment
of reasonable men, under the direction of the
court, tends .to criminate the offender, if the
jury do their duty, unless it can be explained
away, they convict him ; but this goes a great
way beyond that. It assumes guilt from the
mere fact that the party has bought or sold
the goods illegally imported, and casts upon
him the burden of proving his innocence.
Mr. SUMNER. It seems to me that the
Senator from Maryland exaggerates the char-
acter of this proposition. No one knows better
than that very experienced lawyer, that ques-
tions of what are called the weight of evidence
or the onus probandi are ordinary questions of
law, that is, there is a certain rule of law which
determines that under certain circumstances
the onus probandi is on the one party or tlie
other. I take it that that is only what is called
common learning; you find it in all the books:
that the court must determine in advance where
the onus probandi is. Now, if I understand
it, this statute undertakes to determine in ad-
vance, in certain cases, where the onus pro~
bandi shall be. It lays down a rule in that
respect. I admit that the rule may seem to be
somewhat stringent. I admit, also, thatitmay
be a departure from the common practice. But
the question in my mind is, whether when we
are dealing with cases like those of smuggling,
we are not justified in making the rule more
stringent and in departing from what may be
the common practice. I therefore bring the
question right to that point, and I ask the
experienced Senator from Maryland whether
in dealing with smuggling, from all our expe-
rience, from our knowledge of such cases, from
the known habit of smugglers to evade all
existing laws and regulations, we are not justi-
fied in bringing, if possible, an increased strin-
gency of rule to bear upon them. I must say
I think we arc. It seems to me that is "what
tms statute precisely does, it makes the rule
more stringent against smugglers. The qncs- •
tion is whether in making it more stringent
against smuggling there is a departure from
principle. 1 have alreauy suggested that it ia
a most common practice to determine in what
cases the onus probandi ahali be one way or
the other.
