1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ml
infamous crime. The civil law cannot be super-
seded or suspended throughout the country—
not even by the President, as Commander-in-
Chief of the Army and Navy, nor by Congress.
Another of the great palladia of liberty, the
habeas corpus writ, was indeed authorized by
Congress to be suspended by the President.
But this did not change the common law in re-
gard to illegal arrests. Whoever, holding what-
ever executive position, shall order the arrest of
a citizen upon a general warrant—that is, a war-
rant not assigning the cause of arrest, and not
upon probable cause supported by oath or affir-
mation—is a trespasser; and no official char-
acter, and no imagined necessity, or expediency,
can shield him from responsibility to the party
injured.
The tendency to abuse, which ever attends the
possession of power, was the very cause why the
great personal guarantees of which I have spo-
ken were placed in the Constitution. It is true
—and I would that every citizen of the land were
duly impressed with the fact—that the charter
of our liberties is amply full and clear. But it
is in vain that this is so. if we, for whose ben-
elic it was intended, fail in the trying hour to in-
sist on its observance. The existence of these
abuses is furnishing the newest and strongest
arguments to despotism. We seem to have for-
go! ten the lessons of history—of that English
history with which our fathers were so familiar.
hen they inserted those priceless provisions
in the Constitution, they had a vivid memory of
the glorious utterance 3 of Magna Char'a. sound-
ing through centuries a voice to which every
British descendant listens writh an enchanted
ear. They had a vivid memory of those engines
of oppression which brought the head of Charles
1 lo the block. I believe, sir, that at no time
during (lie war has there been any occasion for
a resoit to instruments ofthut kind, and that the
success of the war has not been in any measure
due lo their employment.
WhaLcver advantage. for a particular purpose,
these methods may possess over the eoiistitu-
tional ones, they are against the spirit of our
people and the nature of their institutions.
It was. therefore, that the authors of our sys-
tem made patriotic sacrifices for the sake ot the
greater good of preserving American freedom
and manhood.
So great have been the changes in the work-
ing of our institutions under the late Adminis-
tration. so strong the tendencies to imperial-
ism, that 1 hey have been commented upon by
English statesmen, and regarded as conclushe
proof that our Republic has already faded awav
as a thing of the past, and thai, we arc hcncefoith
to be controlled by an absolute Government.
Xow, sir. it will be the fault and folly of our
people, if they permit the flagrant abuse of
le'/itimate powers, which characterized the last
Administration, to settle into established prac-
tice and permanent changeofCoverninent. 'i et
are the facts upon which 1 have commented
sufficient lo excite the deep concern of every
one who loves his country and desires the
perpetuity of her institutions.
I he war between sections in this country hav-
ing closed, let us hope l'oiever. it is our part
now to maintain our national traditions, and
seek the unmolested fulfillment ot our mission.
There is greater unanimity, peihaps. upon no
one subject among our people than upon that
which claimed this continent for republicanism,
free from European interposition, li needs no
prophet, to predict at no distant day voluntary
aid to 1 he Liberal cause from multitudes of dis-
banded soldiers, both Federal and confederate.
This must bring the question ot Maximilian s
empire to a speedy solution, eitner by the aban-
donment by Napoleon ot Ins support, and the
retirement Of the Austrian prince, or to a dec-
laration of war by France to maintain his po-
sition.
Mr. Jefferson was the father of our poliey
of expu'1-ion. E\er since the publication of hn
views in ibfC*. and afierward in his letter to .Mr.
Monroe, it has been the end of Englishmen to
"baffle the object.
It is an undeniable fact that during the ad-
ministration of Mr. Lincoln, in our diplomatic
intercourse with foreign Powers, the American
eagle has been made to bow his head and droop
his plumes in humiliation and shame.
"When the House of Representatives assumed
the independence to reassert the Monroe doe-
trine, was not the full expression of congres-
sional opinion upon the subject stifled in the
Senate, and an apology forthwith sent to Louis
Napoleon? Later still, when Mr. Lincoln was
renominated at Baltimore, was not the nomina-
tion accepted by him, with the exclusion of the
resolution affirming the Monroe doctrine ? \\ hat
is all this but a renunciation of the favorite pol-
icy of expansion?
But what is there in our history -which makes
the assertion of that principle less necessary
now than at any former day? The Monroe doe-
trine declared that this continent must be se-
cure for the free development of republican in-
stitutions without European interposition. This
doctrinc, so eminently reasonable and just, had
been affirmed by our most prominent statesmen,
without distinction of party, prior to 1801. Nor
was there any imperative necessity for renoun-
cing, or even waiving it; for the elements have
all the time been in existence for checkmating
the pretensions of England and France. These
were to be found in the friendship of Russia
i! and in the South American republics. Russia
has long been the terror of western Europe;
and a league of the republics of the western
continent would have leudercd French tenure
of Mexico a thing of the past.
But the administration of Mr. Lincoln con-
ceded the doctrine ; and the incipient step to-
ward crippling, and if events should favor, of
annihilating, American democracy by the estab-
lishment of absolutism in Mexico, was permit-
ted to become a Caliic success.
While =iich arc the facts in regard to the
Monroe doctrine, as presented by recent events,
I am gratified to see that the President, true to
his early teachings, has shown a determination
to maintain the national dignity and ouraneient
policy.
It was not long since urtred. with his peculiar
force and eloquence, by M. Thiers, in the French
Chambers, that it was unwise in France to favor
the erection of a great independent Power
on her own borders, lie had allusion to the
unification of Italy, but the remark has an ap-
plication of strong significance for this coun-
try in reference to Mexico and Canada, which
the Powers interested may do well lo heed.
The existence of a monarchy in Mexico on the
south and of a monarchy in Canada upon the
uoi!h. the * giidb ng ami hanipei ing oui repub-
lican eneiuies. is a resiiaiut and a danger wliicdi
cannot much longer be; tolerated.
I adheie, Mr. Speaker, to the declaration
which I lucre made here before, that the late
tenable war could have la en avoid* d. But a
Piesident had been elected upon a revolution-
ary platform ; and the radical element in the
Xorth. stimulated !)}• ;m unchristian tirade or
appeal from the pulpit, united with an unbridled
and arrogant elf merit from the South, did the
work of desolation and death : and over the .sad
stragn'le the (cars of humanity must continually
flow. Pi rliaps it is charity to say that the b'oouy
drama, ill its progress and results, finds corre-
sponding analogy in the storms of the physical
world, which, with divine mvstery, purity while
scattering destruction and death.
The meddling ot one-idea politicians with
State institutions and propeity brought on the
war ; and now that it is concluded, they con-
tinue their agitations in the same mischievous
spirit. In obedience to the teachings of the
•• higher-law' 'doctrines, they po-tponc ail con-
siderations to the realization of a legalized
equality of races. Time v.as when the highest
law which the good citizen could recognize in-
volved obedience to the paramount law of his
country. But v, ith the class of polit icians undo-
notice that notion has long been discarded as
an amicuated error.
It matters not that their principles were re-
pudiated by all statesmen of both parties in the
country. It matters not that this Government
was made by and for the white race; that the
kStates reserved the right of making their local
laws; and that the Union could not otherwise
have been formed. It matters not that, a million
of lives have been sacrificed in the effort to re-
duce their pernicious theories to practice. Still,
they falter not in the contest; still they hug lo
their bosoms the phantom of negro equality;
i still they claim for one section the right to con-
trol the, local affairs of others. They hold that
the^ white and black race are equal. This they
maintain involves and demands social equality;
that negroes should be received on an equality
in white families, should be admitted to the
same tallies at hotels,_ should be permitted to
occupy the same seats in railroad cars and the
same pews in churches; that they should be
allowed to hold offices, to sit on juries, to vote,
to be eligible to seats in the State and national
Legislatures, and to be judges, or to make and
expound laws for the government of white men.
Their children are to attend the same schools
with white children, and to sit side by side with
them. Following close upon this will, of course,
be marriages between the races, when, accord-
ing to these philanthropic theorists, the preju-
dices of caste will at length have been overcome,
and the negro, with the privilege of free mis-
cegenation accorded him, will be in the enjoy-
ment of his true status.
To future generations it will be a marvel in
the history of our times, that a party whose
tenets were such wild ravings and frightful
dreams as these should be permitted, in their
support, to uige the country into the liugestand
most destructive of civil wars, and should, when
war was inaugurated, be permitted to shape its
policy in furtherance of their peculiar ends.
For the full realization of their plans, they are
ready to sacrifice not only our priceless system
of government, but even our social superiority
itself.
We have to remember, on the other Hand,
that negro equality doo« not exist, in nature.
The African is without a history. lie lias never
shown himself capable of self-government by
the creation of a single, independent State pos-
sessing the attributes which challenge the re-
spect, of others. 'The past is silent of any negro
people wdio possessed military and civil organ-
ization, who cultivated the arts at home, or
conducted a regular commerce with their neigh-
bors. No African general has marched south
of the desert, from the waters of the Nile to the
Niger and (Senegal, to unite by conquest the
scattered territories of barbarous tribes into one
great and homogeneous kingdom. No Moses,
Solon. L\euigus, or Alfred, has left them a
code of wise and salutary laws. They have had
no builder of cities ; they have no represent-
atives in the arts, in science, or in literature;
they have been without even a monument, an
alphabet, or a hieroglyphic.
Civilization among t ho whites has, indeed,
been a thing of progress; but that progress has
been steady and sure. When Julius Ca?sar
landed in Britain he found the Britons savnges,
painted warriors. Four hundred years after,
llengist and llorsa made a lodgment upon the
i-laiid. and their Saxon followers laid the foun-
dation of English civilization. And let, it be
l'cmi inhered 1 hat this was by no means the com-
mencement of civilization. Before this. Cicero,
in the mid.-1 of an intelligence transmitted from
northern Africa to Greece, and fiom C.reece
to Rome, had electriticd the Roman Senate
with hi< cloqucuce and Cato had dignified it
with his justice. Long before this Plato had
taught hist divine philosophy, and Homer liad
published his immortal song, in that immortal
huiL-nage, too. in v,liieh St. Paul gave liis re-
ligion to the woild. The Afiicau was yet not
so far away in his Libyan home but lie might
have heard the clinking of the hammers upon
the walls of Alexandria, as they rose in areh-
itceuual beauty anil commercial grandeur at
the mouth of the Nile, or of Thebes, with her
hundred gates, higher up. He might have heard
