1866,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
of October 31, 1850; between the Department
of State and Little, Brown & Co., of Boston,
Massachusetts, for the annual publication of
the Statutes-at-Large of the United States until
otherwise ordered by Congress, provided that
the time within which the annual edition of the
Laws is to be delivered to the Department of
State be extended to seventy days after the
adjournment of each session of Congress; and
provided further, that the price shall notexcecd
the actual expenditure of Little, Brown & Co.,
for composition, press-work, binding, editing,
and transportation, all of which shall be done
at the lowest market prices, the paper to be
furnished at as low a price as is paid by the
Government for paper of the same quality, and
five per cent, commission thereon. /
Mr. LA.FLIN. This is a joint j^kftution
that requires very little explanation^"* In 1850
the Secretary of State made a contract with
Little, Brown & Co., for the publication of the
Statutes-at-Large. At that time those Statutes
made a book about one third the size they now
do, and material and labor were much cheaper
than they are at present. They are unable to
perform their contract now at the old prices,
and they have consented to renew the contract
in the manner specified in this resolution.
The joint resolution has already passed the
Senate and has been thoroughly considered by
the House committee, and inasmuch as there
is a clause in the resolution which puts it in
the power of Congress to change the contract
at any lime, I think there can be no possible
objection to the passage of the joint resolution.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading ; and it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. LAFL1N moved to reconsider .the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FOREST CULTURE.
Mr. LAWRENCK, of Ohio. I will yield the
floor now for a moment to my friend from N ew
York, [Mr. Mowus.]
Mr. MORRIS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill donating lands to the American
Forest Tree Propagation and Land Company,
for conducting experiments respecting forest-
tree culture, calculated to prevent the destruc-
tion and encourage the production of forests in
America ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Agri-
culture.
MESKAOE I'ROJI TTIT'I SEX ATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
insisted upon its amendments, disagreed to by
the'House, to the bill (T-T. R. \o. 184) entitled
"An act to authorize the sale of marine hos-
pitals and revenue cutters/' and iiad appointed
Messrs. Chaxdiler, Sherman, and Nesuitji a
committee of conference on the part of the
Senate.
The message further stated that the Senate
had insisted upon its amendments, disagreed to
by the House, to the bill (H. R. ISo. 8-1) entitled
"An act making additional appropriations, and
to supply deficiencies m the appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the fiscal year ending June 30, ISOfj, and for
other purposes:" had disagreed to the amend-
ments of the House to the other amendments
of the Senate : and had appointed Messrs. Fes-
SENI)E>', Coa.ness. and Johnson a committee
of conference on the part of the Senate.
SERGEANT-AT-ARMS.
Mr. ROLLIXS. I ask leave to report back,
from the Committee of Accounts, the follow-
ing resolution as a substitute for one referred
to that committee:
fieiolveil, That the Sergeant-at-Arms bo allowed
to employ an additional clerk in his office during the
pre^i'it scrfiioa of Congress, at a salary of $125 per
month.
Mr. ilOSS. I object.
Mr. IIOLLIN+S. Will the gentleman allow
me to explain a moment?
Mr. ROSS. I do not think we need any
more explanation.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting the remainder of the information
called for by a resolution of the House of Rep-
resentatives of the 8th instant; and the-same
was referred to the select committee on freed-
men and ordered to be printed.
PAYMENT FOR SLAVES.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I now call up
the motion to reconsider the vote by which the
House on the loth instant recommitted to the
Committee on the Judiciary the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 43) proposing an amendment
to the Constitution of the United Stares.
The joint resolution proposes the following
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States:
Article —.
Sec. 1. Neither Congress nor any State shall ever
authorize, provide for, or make payment to any per-
son oi persons on account of the emancipation of any
ylavc or slaves in the United States,or as compensa-
tion therefor.
Sec. 2. Andbc it further enacted* That Congress shall
have power to enforce this article by appropriate le-
gislation,and the judicial power of the United State?
shall extend to all cases arising under this article and
the laws made in pursuance thereof.
The question was upon the motion to recon-
sider.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Hardikg, of
Kentucky, and Mr. Lawrexce, of Ohio; were
appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes -4-1, noes 4S.
So the motion to reconsider was not agreed to.
message from tub senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forxey,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed bills of the following titles, in which the
concurrence of the House was requested:
A bill (S. No. 107) entitled "An act to
provide for a term of the district court for the
district of Minnesota to be held at the city of
Winona, in said district:"
A bill (S. No. 210) entitled "An act for the
relief of Wellington & Dorsev and
A bill (S. No. 145) enlitlod "An act for the
grant of lands to the State of Kansas to aid in
the consumption of the Northern Kansas rail-
road and telegraph."
IT^VYLYASIA "WAK CLAIM.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be
suspended, and iliat the House now resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole for the pur-
pose of considering the special order.
The motion was agreed to: and the House
accordingly resolved itself into tlio Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
WasiicubxE; of Illinois, in the chair,) and
resumed the eon:;ldorotion of House bill No.
oOO, to reimburse the State of Pennsylvania
for moneys advanced Government for war pur-
poses.
The pendimr question was upon the following
amendment moved by Mr. Hale:
Strike out the words "advanced at the request of
the Government for the payment of troops m the
service of the United ft fates under an express pi orai&e
of payment," and insert the words " ex Denoted for the
payment oi troops in the service of the United States."
Mr. STEVENS. I think that improves the
bill; i do not object to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next question was upon the following
amendment proposed by Mr. Blaise;
Strike out all of the enacting clause, and insert in
lien thereof the following:
That there shall be leimbui^cd by the United St .ties
to each of the Slntes that furnished troops to the
Union Army, and also to the several Territories mid
the District of Columbia, a sum enual to tifty-five
doihirofor each man duly cnU-ied into the miliary
or naval service of the United States during tlm late
war, the tolal number being reduced to a uniform
standard of llirec years* service, n --ncly:
To the Shite of M.'ine, for fiicy->ix tit on'.and five
hundred and ninety-five man. ^Ur.-,72 \
To the State of New Hampshire, tor tlmtv thousand
ei^ht hundred and twenty-seven men, ^1,005,48.5.
To the State of Vermont, for twenty-aiine thousand
and fifty-two men, $l,597,St50.
To the State of Massachusetts, for one hundred"and
twenty-three thousand eight hundred and forty-four
men, $0,811,420.
To the State of{Rhode Island, for seventeen thou-
sand eight hundred and seventy-eight men, $98&T29d„
To the State of Connecticut, for ftfty.thousand five
hundred and fourteen men, $2,778,270.
To the State of New York, for three hundred*and
eighty-one thousand six hundred and ninety-sixmen,
$20,99.3,1280.
To the State of New Jersey, for fifty-five thousand
seven hundred and eighty-five men, |3,068,17§.
To the State of Pennsylvania, for two hundred and
sixty-seven thousand five hundred and fifty-eight
men, $U,715,G9u.
To the State of Delaware, for ten thousand three
hundred and three men, $388,605.
To the State of Maryland, ior forty thousand six
hundred andnincty-two men, $2,238,080.
To the State of West Virginia, for twenty-seven
thousand six hundred andiifty-throe men,$1,520,915.
To the State of Ohio, for two hundred and thirty-
seven thousand nine hundred and seventy-six men,
$13,088,630.
To the State of Indiana, for one hundred and fifty-
two thousand two hundred and eighty-three men,
$8,375,565.
To the State of Illinois, for two hundred and
twelve thousand six hundred and ninety-four mou,
$11,098,170.
To the State of Michigan, for eighty thousand eight
hundred and sixty-five men, $4,447,575.
To the State of Wisconsin, lor seventy-eight thou-
sand nine hundred and eighty-five men, $4,3-14,175.
To the State of Minnesota, for nineteen thousand
six hundred and frcventy-fivc men, 61,082,125.
To the Sta£e of Iowa, for sixty-eicht thousand one
hundred and eighty-two men, $3,751),010.
To the State of Missouri, ior eighty-six thousand
one hundred and ninety-two men, $4,740,56').
To the State of Kentucky, for seventy thousand
three hundred amHorty-eight men, >?3,809,140.
To the State of Kansas, for eighteen thousand six
hundred and fifty-four*men, SI,025970.
To the State of Tennessee, for twelve thousandand
seventy-seven men, ^664,235.
To the State of California, for seven thousand four
hundred and fifty-one men, 8409,805.
To the State of Nevada, ior two hundred and six-
teen men, 611,880.
To the vStntoof Oregon, for five hundred and eighty-
one men, $31,955.
To the District of Columbia, for eleven thousand
five hundred and six men, S032.S30.
To the Territory of Washington, for eight hundred
and ninety-five men, ^19.225.
To the Ten itory of IS cbraska, for three hundred and
eighty men, fr'20,900.
To the Territory of Colorado, for one thousand
seven hundred and Mxtv-two men, £98,910.
To the Territory of Dakota, for one hundred and
eighty-one men, $9,955.
To the Territory of New Mexico, for one thousand
and eleven men, $55,005.
Sec. 2. A ltd be it,further enacted, That the^amounts
to be thus reimbuiied shall be in re&iFtered bonds of
the United States oi not Ion? than £1,0U0 cach, bear-
ing interest at the rate ot iivr per cent, per annum,
payable semi-annually in In win! money, and redeem-
able at thepleasiirooi the United Suites after twenty
years from date. Said bonds bh-iU be dated July 1,
lb0<>, and ini crest thereafter shall bo payable on the
L-'t day of January and l^t day of July each year;
said interest to be payable and said bonds to be re-
deemable out of moneys to be hereafter appropriated
by Conere^.
Sec. os And be it further enacted, That e?eh bond
issued in pursuance of this act shall have plainly
piinted or engraved thereon the words following,
namely: " The bonds of which this is one arc issued
to the State of in full leimbnrdcmcnt for ex-
penses incurred by said State in the war for the
Union. Said bonds arc not negotiable until after
the 1st day of July, A. D., 1800, and then only upon
the indoi >cment wf the (Jove:nor of the State. And
said bomU arc accepted bv said States in full pay-
ment of all claim!* f« r expenses ineuircd or losses
sustained in the war toi the Union, either by the
State or by any municipal corporation within the
State.
Sr.c. •!. And be it further enacted, That the bonds
authorized by this act shall not be delivered to any
State until the Legislature thereof has formally con-
sented to accept Tbcm on theterins contained m the
third section, and upon s>uch consent being properly
certified to the Secretary oi the Treasury by the Gov-
ernor of anv State, the Secretary shall, on the Gov-
ernor's receipt theiefor, i^uc to such Statcits proper
amount of bond- as provided in the fir.rt ssfcetion^of
this act. But rho condition contained in the third
section shinl not be construed to exclude any demand
or claim from a Stsuc or municipaleorporauon which
can be aud:ted find paid under Jinylawin force at
rho time of ibe approval of this act.
Sec. 5. Avjihr-d further enacted, That tho Secretary
of Siate tonvaid to the Governor of caeo StntQ
a certified copy of thi^ .ictwithin t!;irty_days from ihe
dote of approval; and the Secretary yi the Treasury
is hereby charged with executing the provisions of
this act.
Mi-. STEVENS. I hope the gentleman from
Maine TMr. Blaine] will withdraw that amend-
ment.
Mr. BLAINE. My colleague upon the com-
mittee h:i\mg in charge the war deljtK of ■ '.o
loyal States, as well as many other Rentlercm
on this floor who feel friendly to the bill which
I moved aa an amendment to the pending prop*
