1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3525
leavenworth city railroad."
Mr. WILSON. I now move to take up
House bill No. 448. It is of some importance
to act early upon it.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as iu Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. II. No. 448) to authorize
the construction of a railroad through certain
land of the United States in Kansas. Itauthor-
izes the Leavenworth City Railroad Company
to construct a horse railway, with one or two
tracks, through the military reservation from
Fort Leavenworth to the city of Leavenworth,
Kansas, and take for the accommodation of
the road or its business a strip of land over the
reservation not exceeding twenty feet in width ;
but the location of the railroad through the
reservation is to be on and along the west
side of the wagon road leading from the city to
the fort, and the company are to erect their
own bridges and crossings, and not be per-
mitted to use those of the wagon road; and
whenever this strip of land shall cease to be
used for the purposes of the railroad company
or the accommodation of its business it is to
revert to the United States.
The Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia reported an amendment, to add at the
end of the bill the following:
' That this privilege shall be allowed as long as the
Secretary of War shall, in his discretion, determine,
and no longer.
The amendment was agreed to.
Tht  bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendment be
engrossed and the bill read a third time. The
bill was read the third time and passed.
etiian r\y clark and samuel ward claric.
Mr. HARRIS. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
402.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 402) to confirm the title of Ethan Ray
Clark and Samuel Ward Clark to certain lands
in the State of Florida, claimed under a grant
from the Spanish Government, was read the
second time and considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It proposes to confirm the title
of Samuel Ward Clark and Ethan Ray Clark
to a tract of land live miles square, on Black
'creek, south of the St. Mary's river, iu the
State of Florida, and bouuded upon one side
by the St. Mary's river, and upon the other
side by vacant lands, being the same lands to
which an exclusive right to take the timber was
granted by the Spanish Government to John
Underwood, and upon which he erected a saw-
mill in 1S05, and which was kept up and con-
tinued for many years; but nothing contained
;'ra, this act is to operate to the prejudice of any
claim which may be set up to the land by
reason of any previous sale; nor is this act in
any way to prejudice any claimant under John
Underwood, or any person deriving title or
claim thereto under him, his heirs or assigns,
or of any person or persons who may be enti-
tled to preemption rights under any existing
laws of the United States.
The bill was reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
•third reading, read the third time, and passed.
james pool.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
311.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 311) for the relief of James Pool, was read
the second time and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It directs the Secretary of
the Interior to pay to James Pool the sum of
$1,287 10; hut $487 50 of this amount is to
be paid out of any annuities or moneys paya-
ble to the Senecas and Shawnee Indians, if
there be any, and if none, then the whole sum
is to be paid out of the Treasur}' ol the United-
States. , .
Mr. GRIMES. I call for the reading of the
report.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will state that there is
no report accompanying the bill at this time;
but there are three reports on file made by the
Committee on Claims at different times in favor
of this bill. The bill has passed the Senate
two or three times. I have in my hand a re-
port made from the Committee on Claims by
the honorable Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,]
and also another report made in reference to
this claim by the honorable Senator from Kan-
sas, not now in his seat, [Mr. Pomeroy.] I
will read the last report made upon this claim:
"It appears that the petitioner was employed by
the United States, under the provisions of sundry
treaties, as blacksmith for the Delaware, Shawnee,
and Seneca ti i bes of Indians, from August, 18:23, until
November, 1838. During that period tiio various In-
dian agents often employed Mi -Tool in various capa-
cities, such as transporting the moneys to he. paid to
the Indians, procuring supplies, Are., and oftentimes
he advanced his own money in such purposes, which
was in every instance refunded except one. llo alleges
that on the 29tli of April, 1831, at the request of Gov-
ernor Stokes, as Commissioner of Indian Affairs, (a
copy of whose letter to that eiTcct is auuexed to tho
petition, and issworn to,) ho purchased for the tt-c of
the Seneca and Shawnee Indians four hundred and
eighty-seven and a halt bushels of seed corn, for
winch lie paid out of his private funds one dollar per
buslicl, making >4ST 51), which sum lie asks to have
reimbursed. To sustain this the petitioner produces
the copy of Gr^\ ernor Stokes's Older for the purchase
of the corn, sworn to as a copy; tho receipt of .Tolm
Brown, of whom he bought the corn, lor the money,
and attested by George T. llcrron, Indian interpreter,
and the certificate ot iivc of tho chiefs and ileadnien
of the nation, that the corn was received by them, and
duly attested by W. J. Morrow, their agent.
" It is further stated that between the years 1S33 a.nd
3838 he was employed by contract as blacksmith for
the Seneca tribe of Indians alone; that the mixed
tribe ol Senecas and Shawnecs were also entitled to
a smith but had none; that one agent attended to
both, and that agent (Vaisbon) verbally oideredlinn
to put up a shop among the Senecas and Shawnecs,
and proeurc hands and i nil it, that he did so, and that
lie was paid tor the service except lor one year, lie
supposed lie was being paid on his contiact lor tho
Senecas, but upon examination ot the vouchers at
the Department he found that ho had been paid for
all his work tor ttie mixed tribe, and that there was
one year of service tor the Senecas that lie had not
been paid for, and si ill remains unpaid, lie now
asks Congress to order the payment of tho $800 duo
to him on that contract."
There is another part of the report which
refers to another item of the claim which has
not been embraced in this bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
mussaiih from tii1i 1iocsh.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives. by Mr. Lloyd, Chief Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
the following bills, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (II. R. No. 31 j) for the relief of die
inhabitants of towns and villages in the Ter-
ritories of New Mexico and Arizona ; and
A bill (II. R. No. 747) to consolidate the land
oflices in the several States therein named.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed a bill
(S. No. 12-3) granting aid in the construction
of a railroad and telegraph line from the town
of Folsom to the town of Placerville, in the
State of California, with amendments, in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had agreed to the
report of the committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
joint resolution (II. R. No. 52) to provide for
the expenses attending the exhibition of the
products of industry of the United States at
the Exposition at Paris in 1867.
leauljc island.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to take up
House bill No. 452, which is the bill authoriz-
ing the Navy Department to accept from the
city of Philadelphia League Island for the pur-
poses of a navy-yard. The bill was reported
from the Committee on Naval Affairs a couple
of weeks since.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The title
of the bill will be read at the desk.
The Secretary. "A bill to authorize the
Secretary of the Navy to accept League Island,
in the Delaware river, for naval purposes, and
to dispense with and dispose of the site of the
existing yard at Philadelphia."
Mr. HENDRICKS. Upou astfggestion that
has b/?en made to me, I will move to postpone
tho further consideration of this bill until to-
morrow.
Mr. GRIMES. It is not up yet.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Let it be taken up and
postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. CLARK. That will leave it just where
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will it?
Mr. CLARK. 0ust exactly.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I withdraw the
motion.
territorial governments.
Mr. WADE. I move to take up House bill
No. 508.
The motion was agreed to ; antMhe Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration* of the bill (II. R. No. 508) tp
amend the organic acts of the Territories of
! Nebraska, Colorado, Dakota, Montana, Wash-
ington, Idaho, Arizona, Utah, and New Mex-
' ico, the pending question being on the motion
of Mr. Buckallw, to strike out section [nine]
three in the following woids;
Skc. [9] 3. And be it further enartctl, That within
the Territories aforesaid there shall bo no denial of
the elective franchise to citizens of the United States
because of race or color, and all persons shall be equal
before the law. And all acts or paits of act.s, either
of Congress or of tho Legislative Assemblies of tho
Territories aforesaid inconsistent with tho provisions
ot this act are hereby declared null and void.
Mr. WADE. I said all I desired to say on
this question when the bill was up before. This
is the section that gives to the people of the
Territories universal franchise without distinc-
tion of race or color. I hope it will not be
stricken out. Every Senator has his mind made
up ; I do not wish to argue it. Nothing could
be added now to the question by way of argu-
ment.
Mr. SAULSB (TRY. I have but a few words
to say upon tho question now before the Sen-
ate. As 1 understand, the molioti is to strike
out that section of tho bill which provides for
universal suffrage in all the Territories named
in the bill. Ill other words, that section is a
proposition to give to all persons, without dis-
tinction of race or color, within the Territo-
; ries of the United States, the right of suffrage.
It is a proposition to admit to the exercise of
! this groat right, a right the proper exercise of
which is so essential to the preservation of a
pure republican government, the negro race.
What has occurred, Mr. President, in the
history t)f this country or in the history of that
race, since the organization of the Territories
named ill the bill, that now demands that they
be admitted to the right of suffrage in these
Territories? Does any great public necessity
exist in any of those Territories that the com-
paratively few negroes who inhabit them shall
be admitted to the right of suffrage? lias any
public grievance been experienced in those.
Territories, has any ^reat public calamity over-
taken the people of those Territories, that it
becomes essential to their welfare and essen-
tial to the welfare of the white race that the
negroes there shall now be admitted |o par-
ticipate in the government of those Territo-
ries? If so it is due to the Senate, it is due
to the country, that the evils experienced from
withholding this right of suffrage from the negro
race should be made known to the Senate and
the country.
I know, sir, that the attempt has been made
to justify such an enactment as this, upon the
"round that a faithful observance of the prin-
ciples of the Declaration of Independence re-
quires that all persons, negroes included, shall
be admitted to a participation in the Govern-
ment, to a voice in the management of public
affairs. That assertion has been so often met
and so successfully mot that it, is not necessary
now for me to enter into any elaborate discus-
sion to prove what was meant by the declara-
tion "that, all men are created equal." Is it
possible that the American people can at this
day be induced to believe that George Wasli-
