2566
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
if adopted, will cause the section to read and
the onus probandi in cases of seizure shall lie
upon the claimant where probable cause is
shown for such prosecution," &e.
The act of 1799, which may be called the
constitutional basis of all our revenue and
importation laws, provides, in the seventy-first
section, the following rule of evidence in causes
of this nature:
" In actions, suits, or informations to be brought
where any seizure may be made pursuant to this act,
if the property be claimed by any person, in every
such ease the onus probandi shall lie upon such claim-
ant."
And in a succeeding part of the section:
" But the onus probandi shall lie on the claimant
only where probable cause is shown for such prose-
cution to be adjudged of by the court before whom
the prosecution is had."
It is well known by everybody who has had
any experience in the prosecution or defense
of these seizure causes that the most which
the Government, in ninety-nine cases in a hun-
dred, can do is to prove the unlawful importa-
tion presumptively; that is, to prove the fact
that the particular goods in question have been
introduced into the United States without the
payment of duty; and then, pursuant to the
act of 1799, it is the duty of the court to call
upon the defendant to show a reasonable ground
of excuse or exculpation against the prima
facie presumption which the illegal importa-
tion without the payment of duty ought justly
to raise.
It has been found in practice—and in my
knowledge within the short period of my ac-
quaintance with legal affairs, it has been prac-
ticed constantly—that a clause of the descrip-
tion which I now name has not been only
useful but indispensable to the. Government,
without being in the least degree prejudicial
and injurious to any just claimant who has not
really and truly intended to evade the laws
providing the revenue. Therefore it appears
to me that if we adopt the amendment which
I have suggested, and leave it on the basis of
the act of 1799, we shall put the law in a posi-
tion where nobody can reasonably find fault
with it.
Mr. JOHNSON. With due deference to my
friend from Maine and my friend from Ver-
mont, I think they misapprehend the act of
1799 altogether, if they suppose that the prin-
ciple contained in that act in the section re-
ferred to justifies such a provision as is the one
now before the Senate. The act of 1799 in the
section referred to, which is, I suppose, the only
one in the law supposed to bear at all on the
subject before the Senate, provides for' two
classes of cases. The first is, that if any officer
seizing goods is sued he may give the act in
evidence to show the authority under which he
was acting. Where he is sued or molested for
anything that he does by virtue of the act, in
defense of such suit the provision is that he
may give in evitj^nce under the general issue
this act and the special matter that he may be
able to submit. In order to protect the officer
against improper suits by persons who may find
fault with what the officer is doing, it gives to
the officer, who becomes the defendant in such
suits of course, in the event that the plaintiff
fails, double costs; and then it provides—
"And in actions, suits, or informations to bebrought,
where any seizure shall be made pursuant to this act,
if the property bo claimed by any person, in every
such case the onus probandi shall lie upon such
claimant."
What is that? The officer seizes goods and
he is sued in an action of replevin or any pos-
sessory action, or he is sued in an action of
trover; and then the law provides, as it has a
clear right to provide—such was the law be-
fore—that in such a case as that, the claimant
being plaintiff is to make out his own ease.
He is to prove that the goods were his, and he
is to prove that they were not improperly im-
ported. The officer, being authorized expressly
by the terms of the act to rely upon the act and
upon special matter in his defense, is in posses-
sion of the goods, and he is sued by the alleged
owner to recover the goods or in damages;
and in such case as that the statute declares
that the party sueing, the alleged claimant,
shall make out his case'. There is no doubt
about that, and the latter part of the section
to which my friend from Maine adverted is
intended merely as an explanation of that part
which I have just read. It says this:
'* But the onun probandi shall lie on the claimant
only where probable cause is shown for such prose-
cution."
That is for the benefit of the claimant. If
the claimant sues and the defendant does not
show probable cause, he is not compelled to
prove anything; butif the defendant doesshow
that there was probable cause for the seizure,
then the onus probandi is cast upon the claim-
ant. But that is not this case. Here is a
prosecution against a person for a penalty.
He may be confined and imprisoned under the
provisions of this act. Now, what says the
statute? Prove all that the Government need
prove; prove the importation; prove the buy-
ing or the selling; prove the possession by the
defendant who is prosecuted of the goods
proved to have been imported; and then he is
guilty—not a matter to be left to the jury, but
so far the whole matter is with the court. If
the court is satisfied that the case as it stands
upon the evidence offered on the part of the
prosecution presents a probable cause of guilt,
then it is made the duty of the court to tell the
jury "the case now stands in that situation
that there must be a verdict of guilty unless
the defendant satisfies you of his innocence."
I say that that is contrary to anything to be
found in the books, as far as my recollection
goes.
The honorable member from Massachusetts
said very properly that the term "probable
cause" is not so familiar to common-law law-
yers as to those familiar with the Roman law.
He seemed to suppose that that phrase was not
known to the common law. In that I think he
is mistaken. Those words are in our statutes;
they are familiar in cases of prize and in all
eases of admiralty.
Mr. SUMNER. Under the Roman law.
Mr. JOHNSON. If a party seizes a vessel
during war, or seizes her under the revenue
acts, and he is sued by the alleged owner, who
proves to be the real owner, he escapes per-
sonal responsibility by proving to the satisfac-
tion of the judge that he had probable cause
for the seizure; and the certificate of that prob-
able cause is a defense in any action which may
be brought forward by the owner of the goods
to recover damages sustained by him in conse-
quence of the seizure. That is for the protec-
tion of the officers of the Government, and is a
wise provision. They would be very unwilling
to capture vessels as prizes of war, or to seize
them for an alleged violation of the revenue
acts if they were to be responsible on the con-
tingency that it should turn that the vessel
was not prize of war or if there was no ground
for the seizure. But that is not this case, nor
anything like it. Under the desire to pre-
vent smuggling—an object that we all have at
heart—it is proposed by this bill, as I think, to
change all the rules of evidence. The honor-
able member says that the judge is in the habit
frequently of stating in the trial of cases before
him upon whom is the burden of proof cast.
That is true; but does he say that to the jury in
a criminal case? Has he any right in a crim-
inal case to tell the jury, "In my opinion the
man is guilty?" In a civil case, if the judge
thinks, upon the evidence, that the case as it
Stands in point of law casts upon the defend-
ant the burden of proving his defense, or that
it stands in such a situation that it casts on the
plaintiff the burden, changes the onus, he tells
the jury so; but that is a question of law which
may be carried up to the courts above, and his
mistake corrected if he happens to make a
mistake. This, however, cannot be carried
up; there is no review of this; the judgment
of the judge below is conclusive in the sense
that it cannot be reviewed, and it is conclusive
upon the action of the jury. If I understand
this section, it is put there for the very purpose
of being conclusive. It is to tell the jury vir-
tually, "The man is guilty unless he satisfies
you that he is innocent."
Mr. EDMUNDS. With all respect, sir, I
cannot help thinking that my friend from Mary-
land is the person who misapprehends the scope
of this clause of the seventy-first section of the
act of 1799 rather than myself. The language •
which operates upon this subject is " actions,
suits, or informations."' The term "informa-
tions," as used in this act against property
where any seizure is made pursuant to the act,
is a technical term perfectly well known to the
law and to lawyers. It is what is in the admi-
ralty practice, in the cases of seizure in rem,
called a libel of information; but in the more
condensed language of the statute it is simply
termed an information. When goods are seized
by a customs officer for a breach of the revenue
laws an information is filed against them; and
if any party fails to come forward and claim
the goods they are condemned without any
hearing at all upon the mere seizure. If any
person comes forward', according to the rules
of the court, and makes oath that he is the
owner of the goods, he is then entitled to enter
his claim; and the term "claimant" is a tech-
nical term perfectly well understood by every-
body who practices in those courts as indicating,
not the plaintiff in an action at common law,
not the defendant in an action of trover or tres-
pass, but the party in a court of admiralty who,,
in a proceeding in rem, comes upon the record
as making a formal claim to the property.
My conclusion, therefore, is that these pro-
visions of the act of 1799 respecting the onus
probandi in cases of seizure being upon the
claimant, are provisions which by the very let-
ter as well as the spirit of the act apply to pros-
ecutions against the property itself where a
claimant, technically and legally known as such,
appears in court and claims the property. In
those cases, if I correctly understand the act
of 1799, probable cause having been made out
on the part of the prosecution, the onus pro-
bandi is then turned over to the claimant who
asks that, the property may be delivered to him,
to explain the circumstances under which he
introduced it.
Now, what is "probable cause?" It is very
difficult to define the distinction between the
meaning of the term "probable cause"and the
meaning of the term " prima facie evidence."
It would puzzle anybody except a Philadelphia
lawyer to make any sensible and satisfactory
distinction between these two terms. Then in
a case of property—I leave aside, for a moment,
entirely that part of it which relates to con-
demnation and fine as to the person—is it too
hard to say to a claimant who comes into court
and asks that property may be delivered up to
him, prima facie evidence having been brought
forward on the part of the Government that the
property is justly subject to forfeiture, "You
shall not be entitled to receive it out of court
again until you bring forward some proof to
meet this prima facie or probable evidence
which has been adduced against you?" In my
judgment it certainly is not.
Then the question is whether this bill which
we have under consideration goes beyond the
act of 1799 : and I may say, indeed, before I
come to that, that my experience on the border
in the practice in the circuit and district courts
of the United States, presided over by Judge
Smalley and Judge Nelson, has been precisely
in accordance with the construction which I
put upon the act of 1799. When I began, not
many years ago, in those courts, I was quite as
restive with my common-law education about
this notion of the onus probandi being upon
the party whoso goods were seized as anybody
could be ; I did not like it; my clients did not
like it, for I generally appeared for the claim- •
ants, not being district attorney; but the inva-
riable practice in that district (and I have no
doubt in the southern district of New York,
where very large numbers of these cases occur)
has been, as a matter of course, without debate,
