542
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
January 31,
of the pyramids, those vast structures which
have excited the wonder of the centuries which
have rolled over them since their erection by
the Ptolemies. Butthe negro is to this day, in
Africa, a savage and a cannibal.
It is impossible that two distinct races should
exist harmoniously in the same country, on the
same footing of equality by the law. The re-
sult must be a disgusting and deteriorating ad-
mixture of races, such as is presented in the
Spanish States of America by the crossing of
the Castilian with the Aztec and the negro.
The prejudice of color is one of those facts
implanted by Providence for wise purposes.
Among others it is doubtless for the purpose of
preserving a race homogeneous, which is the
source of its true strength and permanent im-
provement. Physiologists instruct us that a
race may be improved by the union of valuable
qualities among the same race or others of sim-
ilar characteristics, but not by the indiscrimi-
nate amalgamation of superior with greatly in-
feriorraces. Itisthehomogeneousraces which
have controlled the world. The Jew, though
without a country and everywhere the object of
prejudice, yet maintains his physical and men-
tal excellence even to the present day; and it
is because he intermarries chiefly with his own
race. The Anglo-Saxon, the dominant and most
advanced in civilization upon the globe, owes
its superiority to its homogeneity or alliance with
others of kindred excellence.
We have, then, to insist upon it that this
Government was made for the white race. It
is our mission to maintain it. Negro suffrage
and equality are incompatible with that mis-
sion. We must make our own laws and shape
our own destiny. Negro suffrage will, in its
tendency, force down the Anglo-Saxon to the
negro level, and result inevitably in amalga-
mation and deterioration of our race. The
proud spirit of our people will revolt at such
certain degradation, while American women,
the models of beauty and superiority, will in-
dignantly execrate the men who advise and
dictate the policy.
The pictures of negro suffering in the South,
as a consequence of the disorganization of so-
ciety, are calculated to touch the hearts of all
not utterly callous to human affliction. These
cannot be fairly charged upon the former mas-
ters of the blacks, bccause the latter are mostly
as destitute, save in the naked proprietorship
of the soil, as their former slaves. The con-
dition of the southern negro is indeed such as
strongly to appeal to our sympathies. What,
with deep concern we may inquire, is to be-
come of him? It is certain that no scheme of
philanthropy can bo considered successful, or
even justifiable, that, under pretense of better-
ing the condition of a race, removes the same
from a competence to a state of destitution and
death.
It requires no great prescience to predict
what, as a result of the destruction of the labor
system of the South, must be the fate of the
negro. This is already foreshadowed in cer-
tain facts gathered from the stalisties of north-
ern cities. It thus appears that, with every
advantage of procuring a livelihood possessed
by the white inhabitants of New York and Bos-
ton, and with laws which, in the sense of his
Eeculiar friends, eminently favor him, his num-
ers have not increased in those localities, but
show a remarkable diminution. It is also a
fact equally well established, that the mortality
among this people in the South during the war
has been beyond example, even in those dis-
tricts from which slavery has been expelled by
the advance of our armies. Thus it is demon-
strated that when left to their own control the
colored population lack the qualities requisite
to a_ provision for their own subsistence and the
raising of families. The history of San Do-
mingo and Jamaica, after their emancipation,
teaches a fruitful yet melancholy lesson of this
truth. Ihus the doom of the negro is written
with that of the American Indian, in rapid and
sure extinction ; and when the future historian
shall inquire into the cause of his decay, and
shall find it in the misguided efforts of his
friends, he will ask the significant question,
whether it would not have been true benevo-
lence to permit him to continue to live under a
gradual emancipation than not to live at all.
The southern people as a result of the war
have lost their property in slaves. Their rights
as political communities are, however, in other
respects unimpaired. They are entitled to con-
tinue State governments—have the exclusive
right to determine what classes of their popu-
lation shall be entitled to vote, and their Rep-
resentatives have the same right as others to
seats upon this floor. Their admission as such
cannot rightfully be denied them.
Mr. Lincoln, in April, 18G1, and afterward
in February, 1^33, speaking through Mr. Sew-
ard, the present as well as the then Secretary
of State, to the Government of France and to
the world, declared:
"That there is noteven a pretextfor thecomplaint
that the disaffected States are to be conquered by the
United States if the revolution fail, for the rights of the
States and the condition of every human being in them
will remain subject to exactly the same laws and forms
of administration, whether the revolution shall suc-
ceedorfail. In the one case the States would be fede-
rally connected with the new contcderacy, in the other
they would as now bo members of the United States;
but their constitutions and laws, customs, habits, and
institutions in cither will remain the same." * *
* * "That the Congress of the United States
furnishes a constitutional forum for debates between
the alienated parties. Senators and Representatives
from the loyal portion of the people are there already,
fully empowered to confer, and seats also are vacant
and inviting Senators and Representatives of tile
discontented party who may be constitutionally sent
there from the States involved in the insurrection.''
President Johnson in his message maintains
without reserve that—
" The amendment to the Constitution being adopted,
it would remain for the States whose powers have
been so long in abeyance to resume their places in the
two branches of the national Legislature, and thereby
complcto the work of restoration."
The Democracy stand by the President, in
his effort to "complete the work of restora-
tion," and congratulate the country that there
is a firm, strong hand upon the helm, and a clear
eye which looks out upon the darkness, and
which no order of any caucus can turn from the
polar star that guides his course.
We have subdued the rebel armies which
were the first obstacle to the restoration of the
Union. But the work is not done. It is nat-
ural that disaffection should exist to some ex-
tent in the southern mind to the Government
of the victors. Unless by timely clemency and
the liberal pardon of offenders with a general
amnesty at an caily day this feeling can be eradi-
cated, the Union will be but nominal, and can
only be maintained by standing armies and gar-
risoned towns. That apparatus, the privation
of personal liberty and the rights of full citizen-
ship, which are so offensive to freemen, and
which have distinguished Russia, Austria, and
Venice, will have to be maintained, and if main-
tained for any great length of time will pass by
easy transition into imperialism and over the
whole land.
Mr. Speaker, Tliavc but a word to add con-
cerning the relation of the General Government
to the States, and of the States to one another.
1 have listened with respect and attention to
the principles of international law as they have
been discussed with rare ability by the distin-
guished gentlemen on the other side of the
House, but I think they have failed to prove
out of Grotius and Vattel and Puffendorf that
America has no laws, no Constitution, and no
Union among her great sisterhood of States.
We must not forget that we are considering a
question purely of internal administration, which
must be settled solely by the municipal laws of
our own country, and not by the laws of na-
tions. The question before us is, what are
the rights and obligations of our own citizens
toward their own Government in time of peace?
and not, what are the relative duties of two
foreign countries in time of open and flagrant
war? The law of nations takes no cognizance
of that which is done in time of peace by a
single Government with its own people.
It is true that where a people divide, and the
parties become hostile to one another and take
up arms and thus make a civil war, the common
humanity of the world will insist that the con-
test between them, as long as it continues to be
a military contest, shall be carried on according
to the rules and principles which apply to sepa-
rate belligerent nations.
I maintain that when the rebellion was sup-
pressed the law resumed its authority. The
law was suspended during the rebellion because
it could not be executed; bn t, it was n ot repealed,
destroyed, or abolished. If the sovereign whose
power has been opposed by an insurgent force
is an absolute despot, he may wreak his venge-
ance at will, as Russia did upon Poland and
Austria upon Hungary. If he is a limited
monarch, he must govern after a rebellion as
he did before, according to the laws of the
realm. If the armed opposition was made
against a constitutional republic, it is absurd
to say that the officers or legislators of the
Government have acquired from the rebellion
a power which the constitution did not give
them. It is equally absurd to say that the
laws were abolished by the very war which was
waged for their preservation. We must remem-
ber that this Government has not been revolu-
tionized by the southern rebellion, and I deny
that it has added one particle to the power of
any man who holds office under the United
States.
I believe most devoutly in the Constitution
framed by the fathers of the Republic, and in
that Union which was the result of the Consti-
tution. I have no faith in any other mode of
bringing the States together. We must still
look to that Constitution and the laws for a
justification of all we do, and every citizen may
still plead that he owes no obedience to mere
arbitrary power bccause there is no arbitrary
power in existence.
I happen to represent a region of country
which was once in rebellion against the II lited.
States. The insurrection was put down by
superior military force. In those days, under
the lead of Washington and Hamilton, the mon-
strous doctrine, that as a conquered people they
and their children had no rights under the Con-
stitution was never thought of. They submit-
ted to the law and the law protected them.
The people of the South have submitted to
the authority and Government of the United
States. What is that Government ? The Con-
stitution and laws. But our radical friends say
their submission was made to the will of the
dominant party in this House and the Senate.
Did secession destroy the Union ? Certainly
not, for secession was a nullity. Did the war
which we carried on to enforce the laws destroy
the obligation of the laws? A secessionist
might say so, but in the eyes of a Union man
there can be nothing more absurd or disloyal.
Where, then, is the authoritj7 to govern without
law? It, will not be pretended that there is a
divine right. We must come back, then, to the
fundamental law, which is the true source of all
power, and the true standard of duty for all the
people who are under our jurisdiction.
The committee on reconstruction has pro-
posed an amendment to the Constitution exclud-
ing from the basis of representation all persons
denied the franchise on account of race or color.
This proposition strikes at the Constitution in it 
most vital particular, and has many advocates
without much consideration. The whole ques-
tion of representation was settled by our fathers
with great difficulty, after a most careful and
matured deliberation. It is unwise to disturb
it. The policy of amendment once introduced
will not stop with curtailing the representation
of the southern Stales. Under the Constitu-
tion all legislative powers consist of a Senate
and House of Representatives, the legislative
powers of the Senate being equal to that of the
House. In addition to this the Senate is a part
of the treaty-making and appointing power. If
it is intended thatrepresentation shall be based
upon numbers, then we must remodel that part
of the Constitution which gives to New England
and seteral of the new States a voice so largely
