1606
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
osition, have expressed a desire that the one
shall cot be embarrassed by connecting it with
the other. -I therefore withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move that the com-
mittee rise and report this bill, with the amend-
ment to it, to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Washburne, of
Illinois, reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, having had
undor consideration the bill (H. R. No. 300)
to reimburse the State of Pennsylvania for
moneys advanced Government for war pur-
poses, had directed him to report the same to
the House with an amendment, and recommend
its passage.
Mr. STEVENS. I now call the previous
question on the bill and amendment.
Mr. SPALDING. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] withdraw his call
for the previous question for a moment?*
Mr. STEVENS. I will give the gentleman
an opportunity to say what he desires to say
out of my time after the main question shall
be ordered.
Mr. HALE. Will the gentlematvfrona Penn-
sylvania permit me to make a single sugges-
tion?
-Mr. STEVENS. Certainly.
Mr. HALE. I understood the gentleman to
promise us the other day that he would furnish
the House with certain documentary evidence.
I desire to inquire whether the gentleman pro-
poses to furnish that evidence. It seems to
me that it ought to be furnished.
Mr. STEVENS. I have it in my hand, and
■will present it.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not propose, Mr.
Speaker, to discuss the bill to any extent my-
self, but will yield to several other gentlemen.
I simply wish to make a remark in reference to
a point which was drawn into the discussion
the other day. The question was then raised
whether the New York and New Jersey troops,
called out at the sama time as these Pennsyl-
vania troops, had been paid. 1 have made
inquiry at the office of the Adjutant General,
who addressed the following note to the Assist-
ant Adjutant General :
General VtsoEN'r:
Havo tho troops of New York and New Jersey
wllioh were called out during the invasion been paid?
E. D. T.
March 22, tSOG.
To this the Assistant Adjutant General made
the following reply:
They havo, long since. Respectfully.
T. M. V.. A. A. G.
Mr. EARNSWORTII. Will the gentleman
from Pennsylvania yield to me for a moment?
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir.
Mr. FAUNS WORTH. I have understood
from what has been stated by the friends of
this bill, the gentleman from Pennsylvania and
others, and from my recollection of the discus-"
sion upon the question last year, that these
troops were mustered into the service of the
United States.
Mr. STEVENS. They were sworn in, as it
is called, under the telegram of the Secretary
of War, which was read the other day. Tech-
nically speaking, they were not mustered in,
although they were sworn in. They took part
in the Battle of Gettysburg, and were also
engaged at Hagerstown and Falling Waters.
There was no time for mustering in.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Were muster-rolls
made out?
Mr. STEVENS. Company pay-rolls, which
the Secretary of War stated were all that were
necessary, were made out.
Mr. TAYLOR. If the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will allow me, I desire to ask him why
those Pennsylvania troops were not mustered
into the United States service.
Mr. STEVENS. They were called out at
the moment of the invasion. There was no
limS £0 muster them in.
Mr. TAYLOR. I desire to inquire whether
those Pennsylvania troops did. m)t positively
refuse to be mustered into the United States
service.
Mr. STEVENS. Not one did so. There
was some' such report, but there was no truth
in it. The Government',did not require that
thev should be mustered in. The Secretary of
War sent the following dispatch to Governor
Parker, of New Jersey :
Washington, June 28,1803.
His Excellency Governor Parker:
General Coucli is authorized to receive any troops
that may bo offered to servo under his command,
whether sworn into the United States service or not.
Please send any militia or other force at your disposal.
E. M. STANTON,
Secretary of mtr,
Subsequently, the Secretary of War sent the
following communication to the Committee of
Ways and Means of this House:
War Department,
Washington City, January 4,1864,
Sir : The Department has this day received returns
of the amounts required for the payment of the mili-
tia called out for the defense of the State of Pennsyl-
vania on the 26th of June, 1863, against the invasion
by the rebel forces under command of ^General Lee.
There being no appropriation out of which thesepay-
ments could be mado at the time they were required,
patriotic citizens of Philadelphia advanced the
money, and it is proper that they should be reim-
bursed without delay. I would respectfully recom-
mend, therefore, that an immediate appropriation for
that purpose be made. A copy of a letter of the Sec-
ond Auditor of tho Treasury is herewith communi-
cated. showing tho amount of claims audited by him
to be $671,476 43 up to date. ItissupposedthatS700,000
will cover the wholo amount of these claims.
1 have tho honor to be, very respectfully, yours,
EDWIN it. STANTON,
Secretary of War.
Hon. Tiuddecs Stevens,
Chairman Committee Ways and Means.
The following is the communication of the
Second Auditor of the Treasury Department,
addressed to the Secretary of War:
Treasury Department,
Second Auditor's Office, January 4,1864.
Sir: Respecting the claim of the State of Pennsyl-
vania. amounting to $671,476 43, for payments made to
tho militia called out under the proclamation of tho
Governor of that State, dated Juno 26,1863, I have
tho honor to state that, tho rolls and vouchersfor said
payments havo been administratively examined in
this oflico and found in tho main correct. Errors and
discrepancies amounting to say £2,900 havo been dis-
covered, consisting principally of cases where the in-
ternal rcvenuo tax is not deducted, orwhen deducted
not accounted for.
X am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
E. B. FRENCH,
Second Auditor.
lion. E. M. Stanton, Secretary of War.
Mr. TAYLOR. Will the gentleman permit
mc to ask him how long these troops were in
service?
Mr. STEVENS. I cannot state precisely.
Mr. TAYLOR. About how long?
Mr. STEVENS. Between two and three
months.
Mr. TAYLOR. I have been told by some
persons who ought to know that these troops
absolutely refused to be mustered in after the
emergency passed away.
Mr. STEVENS. There is no truth in that.
My colleague here [Mr. Broomall] was one of
the captains of those troops ; and my colleague
from the first district [Mr. Randall] was also
in service at the same time. Both these gen-
tlemen can speak further in reference to the
point which the gentleman suggests.
Mr. TAYLOR. I have been informed that
these troops refused to be mustered in, claim-
ing that they were State troops. They refused,
I understand, because they did not wish to be
subject to the disposal of the Federal Govern-
ment, lest they might be taken beyond the
limits of their State. Is there any truth in
that?
Mr. STEVENS. My two colleagues can
state the facts, because they were in that army.
I yield to my colleague from the seventh dis-
trict, [Mr. Broomatx.]
Mr. BROOMALL. Mr. Speaker, I happen
to know all about that matter, and can state all
about the charge that some of these troops re-
fused to he mustered into the service of the
United States. The fact is that troops were
wanted badly at that time; tho danger was very
imminent. It was understood that mere troop's
could be had by permitting them to be mustered
into the service of the United States, or of the
State, as they might elect. It was distinctly put
to each one of the companies whether it would
be mustered into the service of the United States
or the service of the State; the statement being
made at the same time that they would all be
put under the command of the same officers,
rationed in the same way, equipped in the same
way, paid in the same way, and in all respects
treated in the same way. The result showed
that more men could be' obtained by giving
them their election. Some companies were
mustered into the State service, and some were
mustered into the United States service. The
company I had the honor to command was
sworn into the United States service. No one
supposed there would be any difference in the
payment or the treatment of the troops. It
was supposed they would be all under the same
officers and treated alike. The object was to
get the most men in the emergency.
Mr. TAYLOR. You say you were sw.orn
into the T§ ited States service. Were you mus-
tered into the United States service?
Mr. BROOMALL. My company was mus-
tered into the United States service. ■
Mr. TAYLOR. Did you get your pay?
Mr. BROOMALL. My company was paid.
The difference between the State service and
the United States service did not show itself
until the time to pay came.
Mr. TAYLOR. This is for those who would
not he mustered into the United States service.
Mr. BROOMALL. I do not know there
were any who refused to be mustered into the
United States service. They had their choice.
Mr. TAYLOR. Were all those who were
mustered into the United States service paid?
Mr. BROOMALL. Idonotknow. Ithinkso.
Mr. TAYLOR. I will state that I learn at
the War Department all who were mustered
into the United States service have been paid.
Mr. MYERS. If I am allowed I will have
read the form of the oath that was taken.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask that it be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Harris-burg, April 26', 18S4.
Hon. Leonard Myers, House of Representatives :
Thefollowingistheformof oath of musterofPenn-
sylvania troops in June, 1863:
"You and each of you do solemnly swear that you
will bear true faith and allegiance to the United
States of America, and to the State of Pennsylvania;
that you will serve them honestly and faithfully
against all their enemies or opposers whatsoever, and
observe and obey the orders of the Governor of Penn-
sylvania and the orders of the officers appointed over
you according to law. So help you God."
SAMUEL B. THOMAS, .
Lieutenant Colonel, and A. B.C. to Governor Curtin.
Mr. BROOMALL. That is the form of the
oath which was administered to those men. I
will say another word. Those who were sworn
into the State service were under the same
commanders as those mustered into the United
States service; they marched together to Get-
tysburg, marched out of the State into Mary-
land together, and were treated in all respects
alike. The arrangement was made for the
convenience of the War Department, and it
was never supposed that that Department would
not in good faith pay those whom it had under-
taken to pay.
The year before I was also called to com-
mand a company in the State service, yet the
officers of the United States paid us just as
they did the soldiers sworn into the service of
the United States. Hence Pennsylvania and
these soldiers had the right to understand the
Government would pay them if sworn into
either service, when they paid them when
sworn into neither. #
Mr. MORRILL. This claim is an old ac-
quaintance. It was first introduced from the
Committee of Ways and Means last year, and
the point of order was made that it was not in
accordance with existing law. It was brought
before the House again and defeated.
I do not know but I am in favor of the bill,
but I would prefer it should be first committed
to the Committee on Military Affairs. It seems
to ma bills of this character should undergo tte
