3526
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
ington, a slaveholder, James Madison, a slave-
holder, and most of the framers of the Dec-
laration of 'Independence, slaveholders, ever
meant to say by that Declaration that the negro
race were to be admitted to participation in
the affairs of Government; and that, they con-
templated by that Declaration that they would
be understood as saying that the negro race
were equal to themselves? The proposition
that those founders of the Government meant
such a thing as that is derogatory to their high
characters; for if they meant by that Decla-
ration so to be understood, how is the fact that
those great men lived and died slaveholders
to be reconciled with such an opinion upon
their part? Sir, they only meant to say that
the people of every distinct political commu-
nity had a right to govern themselves and were
not to he controlled by another distinct and
independent community; and such is the inter-
pretation which, until these modern days when
a light has sprung up in the East wliich attempts
now to irradiate the whole land, made its
appearance.
But, sir, I will not discuss that feature of
this question, because the bare statement of
the proposition itself is sufficient to show that
the founders of this Government never meant
to be understood that the negro race was equal
to the white race, or should bo admitted to a par-
ticipation in the affairs of this Government. If
they meant it, why did tliey not set the example
of nogrosuffrage? Why did they notbestow upon
every negro in the land a voice in the Govern-
ment and a right to participate in the manage-
ment of public affairs? They did no such thing.
Sir, the founders of this Government meant to
establish a white man's Government, and they
lived up to their meaning; and while they lived,
and while the generation of great statesmen
lived who succeeded them, no man in the Halls
of Congress was ever heard to make such a
proposition as this. Did not the necessity ex-
ist in those days why the negroes of the coun-
try should be admitted to share in the right of
suffrage? We heard no complaint in those
days on account of the withholding of such a
right from the negro race. Do you believe
that if the negroes in the days of the founders
of the Government and of the generation of
great men who succeedcd them had been ad-
mitted to the exercise of this right this Govern-
' ment would have been more wisely adminis-
tered than it was? Do you believe that the
great principles of constitutional and civil lib-
erty would have been more (irmly established,
more deeply rooted, or more fondly cherished
than they were?
If no necessity existed in those days for the
bestowment of this privilege or right upon that
race, I ask you, sir, what necessity has arisen
since, what necessity of a public character exists
now why it should be conferred upon that race?
Has it come to this, that the noble race to
which we belong has become so degenerate, has
so lapsed, so fallen from its high character and
its high estate, that it is now necessary to supply
its weaknesses and defects by admitting to par-
ticipation in the affairs of Government that
formerly servile race? Has the intellect of
the white man so degenerated?or has his heart
become so corrupt that the superioi enlight-
enment and the higher morality of the negro
are necessary to save our institutions or to bet-
ter our condition? Sir, what greater evidence
has that race given in these times of a fitness
for participation in public affairs than it gave in
the days when your Constitution was founded?
Have they ever made any great discovery in
art, science, literature, or learning of any de-
scription that it now becomes necessary" to
invoke their superior wisdom to direct and
guide the councils of the American people?
Sir, there are but comparatively few negroes,
I suppose, in those Territories, but the princi-
ple is the same. The American Senate is asked
to recognize a right in the negroes to partici-
pate in the elective franchise in those Territo-
ries, and then the question is to be asked, if
they have such a right there, how ean you with-
hold it in the southern States *where they are
so much more numerous? You are asked to
adopt the principle in reference to afew negroes
scattered here and there over the Territories;
and then the plea of estoppel is to be put at
you, "You have recognized the principle, you
have recognized the right;" and having recog-
nized the' principle and having recognized the
right in that race in those Territories, to be
consistent you must recognize the principle,
and the right wherever the negro exists within
the boundaries of the United States. I attrib-
ute no personal motives to any man, but I say
that is to be the legal, logical argument with
which you are to be met when the proposition
shall come up to establish it, throughout the
southern States, where millions of the race
exist. If you recognize the principle here as
contemplated by this bill, to be consistent with
yourselves and to be logical in your own rea-
soning you must say that they ought to be
clothed with this franchise wherever the race
exists!
Now, Mr. President, in most of the northern
States represented here by gentlemen of the
Republican party, this very right is withheld
from the negro race. You have not set the
example to the American people of allow-
ing this race to vote in a majority of your
own States; and yet you attempt to say that
in the Territories of the United States they
shall have this right. Where is the consistency
of it? In the State of New York they have a
qualified negro suffrage ; if a negro happens to
be worth $250, he is allowed to vote. Even
in the State which the present occupant of the
chair so ably and faithfully represents on this
floor, [Mr. Barkis in the chair,] popular sen-
timent will not tolerate universal negro suf-
frage. Go home to your constituents, X say to
gentlemen from the northern States, adopt the
system of universal negro suffrage among your-
selves, and then you may consistently (if you
have the power) attempt to force it upon the
distant Territories of this country; but until
you do that you arc not consistent with your-
selves.
Mr. President, it was said the other day by
the honorable Senator who has charge of this
bill that it might as well be known now as at
any other time by the people of those Territo-
ries that unless this privilege "was accorded to
the negro race they could not expect admis-
sion into this Union. Sir, the honorable Sen-
ator was speaking for the present, speaking, I
suppose, in reference to what he knew to be the
sentiments and the opinions of a majority of
this body at the present time. But neither he
nor any other Senator has a right to speak
for any future Senate' of the United States.
The time may come, the time may be near at
hand, and the indications of the times are that
the day is not far off when the complexion of
both Houses of the American Congress may
be changed. May God hasten the auspicious
day, not on account of any desire to get rid of
sucli very polite, honorable, and learned gen-
tlemen as compose the present majority, but
because the public necessities and the public
interests require it.
Mr. President, let me ask gentlemen who
favor this proposition one question. Suppose
that when you entered .upon the prosecution
of the late civil war you had proclaimed, as
the party just come into power, that your ob-
ject was the abolition of slavery in the United
States, could you have succeeded? No, sir,
not even upon that issue. You were too wise
as Senators and Representatives, you were too
wise as representative men of your party to
proclaim in the commencement of the late civil
struggle that you wore even prosecuting the war
for the liberation of the slave from bondage ;
but you declared that your object was to pre-
serve the Union with all the rights and insti-
tutions of the Slates unimpaired, and that when
this was done the war ought to Cease.
Well, sir, you went on step by step. A pa-
triotic people, aroused by an attack upon the
American flag, at the summons of the Presi-
dent of the United States flocked to the national
standard, as they supposed, to preserve the
union, of the States with $11 their rights and
privileges and dignities unimpaired. The war
went on for years before a word was ever
uttered in these Halls suggesting that even the
abolition of slavery was the object of this war.
It was not until Mr. Seward had rung his
"little bell"—a member of your party, gentle-
men, not of ours; you may talk about him as
much as you please, but the Democratic party
has no such captains. He rung that "little
bell" too often even to be a lieutenant in the
great conquering army which is to drive you
out of power. It was not until your "divine
Stanton" exercised his great military power
to take possession of the polls in Democratic
States and to keep Democrats away from the
polls; not until the voice of the American peo-
ple was hushed by the clangor of arms; not
while there was an open foe, but when all was
silence and quietness within the boundaries of
your power, that you dared proclaim even that
the abolition of slavery was your object in the
prosecution of the war. When the people were
surrounded by military power, a power which
unarmed men could not resist, it was then for
the first time we heard an intimation that the
object of the struggle was not the preservation
of the union of these States, with all the rights
and dignities of the States unimpaired, but the
abolition of slavery. Then, I say, for the first
time that voice like the whispering of the
serpent,
" Squat, like a toad, close at the ear of Eve,"
was heard. Sir, had you announced that .as
jour object in the commencement of the strag-
gle, not half of the volunteers that rushed to
arms would have flocked to your standard even
to support the American flag when assailed.
But, sir, suppose you had then gone further,
and had avowed that your object was not only
the liberation of the slave from bondage but to
confer upon him equal civil rights, and not
merely equal civil rights but the right to go
side by side with the white citizen to the polls,
and to cast his ballot at the very same poll;
your call would have been scouted; by the great
mass of the American people, and you would
not have had an army large enough to meet a
single regiment of soldiers.
The American people in the enthusiasm of
the moment, relying upon your promise and
your declaration of the objects of the war, never
dreamed that you meant to go further and con1
fer the right of voting upon this race. You did
not avow it yourselves. If it had been charged
upon you then, the denial would have been
heard from one end of the country to the other.
And yet now, sir, with the representatives of
eleven States of this Union not in these Halls,
denied seats upou this floor and in the other
House of Congress, you having an accidental
majorityin this body—because in my judgm^St
you do not represent a majority of the Ameri-
can people, even in the non-seceded States, not
to take into consideration the seceded States—
undertake to incorporate into the legislation of
this country principles which the founders of
the Government neverasserted, which you your-
selves never asserted until, perhaps, you think
it becomes necessary to the perpetuation of
political power in yourselves. Mr. President,
is it possible that gentlemen of the majority
upon this floor are more familiar with the negrtf
race, their capacity, their fitness for participa-
tion in civil government, than those of us who
have lived among them all our lives, who have
been familiar with them? -Where did vou get
your education, where did you go to scliool to
get superior wisdom upon this subject? What
were your text-books? You had no personal
knowledge, because you jvere not in the midst
of the race. You might have seen one here
and one there, not enough to makG mile-stones
along your public roads, mere curiosities which
when seen by the children attracted their atten-
tion and caused their wonder. If such were
your opportunities and your only opportunities
by way of observation of judging of the capaci-
ties of this race, you must have acquired your
superior wisdom from some other source. What
