1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
543
disproportionate to their population. The six
New England States, withapopulationlessthan
New York, and but little greater than Pennsyl-
vania, have twelve Senators, while each of the
latter have but two. With this disproportion-
ate power New England has shaped the policy
of the Government to her own advantage, in
the navigation laws, in the fisheries, and in
the protective policy. The great agricultural
interests of the country, and especially of those
States situate in the valley of the Mississippi
and around the Gulf of Mexico, have been
tolled by her for more than fifty years. The
instincts of empire stimulated by the example
of amendment will arouse this interest to cir-
cumscribe a power so full of exaction and pro-
hibition. Such reform would readily commend
itself to the judgment as well as the passions
of men, and soon become an element of party
warfare. Be careful, then, how you lay the
hand of innovation on this part of the Consti-
tution.
The idea of a certain class of politicians, of
confiscating the lands of the South and parcel-
ing them out among negroes and adventurers,
has for its object the extermination of the pres-
ent generation of southern whites, and snows
the barbarous animus of that most impractica-
ble party. They would adopt thai same policy
of irritation which was attempted by Elizabeth
and James in Ireland, and which has been
fruitful only of heart-burning and discontent to
the present hour.
It is not the policy of the Government to
keep it pressed upon the minds of the South
that they are subject to a galling yoke. Neither
is it right. The people of the South when they
have once given in their adhesion to the Gov-
ernment are as much freemen, as much en-
titled to protection in the rights of self-govern-
ment, as any portion of the North. There is
a broad distinction between power and right,
and while the Government possesses the power
she should exercise it in subordination to those
great principles of democracy and republican-
ism which constitute the basis of onr system.
It is a plain violation of these to force upon the
South any modification of her social condition,
any political status not sanctioned by her peo-
ple through their law-making assemblies.
Such a policy may drive a people to despair,
may prepare the fuel for lighting anew the
flames of insurrection; but will never generate
love for the Government which thus seeks to
oppress them. True statesmanship will not
attempt to succeed by such means. A strict
regard for justice, abatement of extreme pre-
tensions; a steady effort to show the South that
the war was not waged out of hatred to her peo-
ple, but only for the preservation of the na-
tional territory unfractured; a careful regard
for her interests in common with those of the
other States, these, I believe, are the only
means which will ever succeed in obliterating
the silent but corroding memories of errors,
wrongs, and sufferings; of effacing the deep
scars of civil bloodshed and warming the es-
tranged hearts ofour countrymen toward a com-
mon Government once more. The expressed
desire of the South, if conquered, to belong to
a strong Government, and her readiness to re-
sent the imagined injury inflicted upon her by
the neutrality of the European Powers, should
he wisely taken advantage of to revive and rivet
the Union feeling.
We ask indemnity from England for the rav-
ages of anglo-rebel cruisers. We protest against
the establishment of a monarchy on the ruins of
the Mexican republic, and we are anxious to
preserve the national faith and lessen the evils
of a redundant currency. A cordial reunion of
the States will do more to settle our foreign
complications than "an army with banners/'
It would stimulate a revival of our industrial
pursuits and divert into new channels a portion
of our paper issues. It would encourage a
speedy and active cultivation of the lands of the
South", add largely to the public revenue, and
increase the basis of security for the payment
of the public debt. Who can hesitate to^cobp-
erate for such a purpose—to restore the Union,
to reunite a people, to reestablish an empire of
free Commonwealths, and make it irresistible
and imperishable? And yet the caucus of the
dominant party originated the joint resolution
and the committee of fifteen, to which is com-
mitted without debate whatever relates imme-
diately or remotely to the restoration of the
Union. A policy thus struck out in advance
of the message has forestalled the action of
Congress and virtually notified the President
thatthe "information of the state of the Union"
which the Constitution requires him to give is
immaterial and disregarded. It presumed the
States in which insurrection lately prevailed to
be no States, and, as a consequence, that all his
acts looking to their restoration were simple
usurpations.
In the rise and progress of this war we have
seen a frightful display of the wild and reckless
passions ofour nature, manifesting itself in pro-
scription, confiscation, and an utter disregard
of the rights of person and property, of free-
dom of speech and publication, and of trial by
jury. If we look back to the instructive records
of that Commonwealth which was the greatest
which preceded our own, we find that when
once a faction which dominated resorted to pro-
scription and the gratification of malignant
passion this was the natural excuse for the
opposite faction, on succeeding to power, of
retaliating the same abuses. Sylla was the
leader in this sanguinary policy. Then it was
freely resorted to by Mariusand by Cinna. Even
Cicero, with all his high-toned principles, de-
scended to this abuse in the punishment, with-
out law, of the Catilinian conspirators. A
reaction was the natural consequence. The in-
fliction of punishment contrary to law excited
a sympathy with the vicious, and Cicero him-
self was soon a sufferer by the same code. The
event proved the wisdom of Julius Cassar, who
in the Senate counseled moderation as at all
times the true policy. It does not detract from
the value of Cesar's counsel that he was him-
self assassinated in turn—for corruption had
become too general and deep seated to admit of
any but a forcible remedy—and that through
such a horrible highway of blood the republic
became merged in the empire. May we not
ask, do these extra-constitutional and unlawful
acts upon the part of our rulers mark the steps
of a like progress on our part toward the repose
of absolutism?
Would it not be far better in this condition
of things to repeal this sweeping and revolu-
tionary confiscation law? For, what is the end
and object of that act? If it is a punishment,
then I am fortified by the opinion of Montes-
quieu, that all such punishments are unwise.
The following is the language which he uses in
his Spirit of Laws:
"As soon as a republic has compassed the destruc-
tion of those who wanted to subvert it, there should
be an end of examples, punishments, and even of
rewards.
"Great punishments, and consequently great
changes, cannot take place without investing: some
citizcns with too great a power. It is therefore more
advisable in this case to cxeeed in lenity than in se-
verity; to banish but few rather than many; and to
leave them their estates rather than to make a great
number of confiscations. Under pretense of reveng-
ing the republic's cause, the avengers would establish
tyranny. The business is not to destroy the rebel, but
the rebellion. They ought to return as quick as pos-
sible into the usual track of government, in which
every one is protected by the laws, and no one op-
pressed."
We must remember that in the struggle
through which we have passed a million of our
people have been slain, and among others the
Washingtons, Marshall?. and Monroes; and that
Virginia has been desolated and dismembered.
It was this same Virginia that, in the struggle
of 1776, marched to the relief of Massachusetts.
In that eventful conflict she was to Massachu-
setts as the shield of Achilles to the Greeks.
She furnished the author of the Declaration
and the leader of the continental army which
carried the Revolution to success, and after-
ward the statesmen who laid the foundation
of the Government.
The Republican party has accomplished its
mission, which was the abolition of slavery.
For the rest there is no longer any bond of
union among its members. The numerous
propositions to amend the Constitution are mifc
the signals of distress, while the despairing cry
is heard from every portal. The Democracy
have no changes to make. Their principles
are identical with the prosperity of the country,
and are as perpetual as the Government itself.
They have only to adhere to those principles;
in the breadth and vigor with which they were
thus announced in Mr. Jefferson's inaugural:
" Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever
state or persuasion, religious or political; pcaco,
commerce, ami honesty friendship with all nations,
entangling alliances with none; the support of the
State governments in all their rights, as the most
competent administrators of our domestic concerns,
and the surest bulwarks against anti-republican tend-
encies; the preservation of the General Government
in its whole constitutional vigor, as the sheet-anchor
of our peace !)t home and safety abroad; a jealous
care of the rights of election by the people, a mild
and safe corrective of abuses which are lopped by the
sword of revolution, when pcaceable remedies are
unprovided; absolute acquiescence in the decisions
of the majority, the vital principle of republics, from
which is no appeal but to force, the vital principle
and immediate parent of despotism; a well-disci-
plined militia, our best reliance in peace, and for the
first moments of war, till regulars may relieve them;
the supremacy of the civil over the military author-
ity; economy in the public expense, that labor may-
be lightly burdened; the honest payment of our debts,
and sacred preservation of the public faith; encour-
agement of agriculture, and of commerce as its hand-
maid; the diffusion of information, and arraignment
of all abuses at the bar ot the public reason; freedom
of religion, freedom of the press, and freedom of per-
son, under the protection of the habeas corpus; and
trial by juries impartially selected."
These, Mr. Speaker, are the immutable prin-
ciples of eternal justice, and must be recog-
nized as the governing law of our race. The
disorganization of society induced by the late
struggle, and the demoralizing spirit of plun-
der which is abroad in the land, may for a time
retard their adoption, but their full and general
recognition cannot long be delayed. In the
language of Henry Clay, "truth is inevitable
and public justice certain."
In restoring to order the scattered parts of
a Government and people returning to peace
after a terrible civil war, the principles of jus-
tice must be preserved. With a just sense of
right, and with comprehensive view, we must
not only forget the past, but we must, by an
equal distribution of the benefits as well as the
burdens of Government, make it the interest
of all sections to uphold and defend it. Such
interest is the great regulating principle, the
true bond of Union ; the cohesive power that
holds Governments together, and makes a na-
tion truly great and prosperous. For a time the
southern States may be denied the privileges
of a reunion, and of a representation on this
floor; the writ of habeas corpus may be sus-
pended; arbitrary arrests may be renewed ; mil-
itary commissions continued ; and the cry of an
unbridled fanaticism beard over the voice of
struggling justice ; but so certainly as the waters
find their level, or the magnet points to the
pole, will that spirit of liberty and independence
which the Almighty blew into our nostrils with
the breath of life conduct our principles to final
triumph.
Mr. TAYLOR. Mr. Speaker, I desire to urge
a few objections to the bill now before us, which
I deem pertinent, and which I think should have
some influence in the final action of this House.
It is a measure intended to affect specially and
beneficially a large number of our people, and
will, in its operations, concern and affect imme-
diately and remotely the whole community.
Before proceeding further, I will here state that
my remarks will be upon the bill as it came from
the Senate. A few amendments have been re-
ported by the committee which do not materi-
ally change any of its features, or involve any
principle in it, but have reference mainly to
detail.
In opposing this bill, I want it distinctly un-
derstood that it is not because I think the Gen-
eral Government should not. and ought not, to
render a certain amount of aid and assistance
to the unfortunate class which the friends of
this bill propose to render. It is because, to my
mind, the object attempted to be reached is
sought for in a most extravagant and loose way,
and because I think the same result can be at-
