1866.} .
A-PFEHDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
m
39th Cong. ...1st Sess.
Representation of Southern States—Mr. Sherman.
Senate,
internal revenue and collectors of customs in
the various ports. Then he provides:
" Ninth. That to carry into effect the guarantee of
the Federal Constitution of a republican form of gov-
ernment, and afford the advantage and security of
domestic laws, as well as to complete the reestablish-
mentof the authority of thelaws of theUnited States,
"and thefull and complete restoration of peace within
the limits aforesaid, Francis h. Peirpoint* Governor
of the State of Virginia, will beaided by the Federal
Government, so far as may be necessary, m the law-
ful measures which he may take for the extension
and administration of the State government through-
out the geographical limits of said State.
That was the first element of his plan of re-
construction. The next was the amnesty proc-
lamation, issued on the 29th of May following.
In this proclamation he recites the previous
proclamation of President Lincoln, and then
goes oil:
"To the end, therefore, that the authority of the
Government of the United States maybe restored,
and that peace, order, and freedom may be estab-
lished, I, Andrew Johnson, President of the United
State*, do proclaim and declare that I hereby grant
tu all persons who have directly or indirectly par-
ticipated in theexistingrebellion, except ashereinafter
excepted, amnesty and pardon, with restoration of all
rights ot property, except oe to slaves, and except in
cases wlicie leffal proceedings, under the laws of the
United States providing for the confiscation of prop-
e ty of peisons engaged in rebellion, have been in-
stituted," &c.
And then in the oath of aniriesty he provides
that any person claiming the benefit of the
amnesty should swear that he will "abide by
and faithfully support all laws and proclama-
tions which have been made during the exist-
ing rebellion with reference to the emancipa-
tion of slaves." Then he goes on and excepts
from the operation of this amnesty some four-
teen classes of persons, more than quadrupling
the exceptions of the previous proclamation of
Mr. Lincoln ; so that if there was any depart-
ure in this connection from the policy adopted
by Mr. Lincoln, it was a departure against the
rebels, and especially against those wealthy
rebels who gave life and soul and power to the
rebellion.
CONDITIONS IMPOSED BY HIM.
These were the agencies and organs under
which the plan of reconstruction was to go on.
Now I ask you, what conditions were imposed
on these people ? First, the adoption of the
constitutional amendment. He was not willing
to leave the matter to their amnesty oath or to
the proclamation of President Lincoln, but he
demanded of them the incorporation in their
State constitutions of a prohibition of slavery,
and the adoption by their Legislatures of the
constitutional amendment so as to secure beyo"nd
peradventure the abolition of slavery forever
and ever throughout the United States. This
he required in every order issued to the South,
and demanded itas a first and preliminary con-
dition to any efforttoward reconstruction. Next,
he demanded a repudiation of the rebel debt,
and a guarantee put into the constitutions of the
respective States that they never would under
any circumstances pay any portion of the rebel
debt. Next, he secured the enforcement of the
test oath so that every officer in the southern
States under the act of Congress was compelled
to take that oath ; or if he could not find officers
there to do it, he sent officers from the northern
Stales to do it, so that this law, the most objec-
tionable of any to the southern people was en-
forced in all instances at the South. It is true
he appointed some provisional governors who
could not take the test oath ; but, why? Because
it was held that these provisional governors
were not officers under the law. They were not
officers whose commission was provided for by
law : they were simply executive agents for the
time being to carry into execution the plan of
reconstiuction ; and he felt that if he could use
any of these people in the southern States for
the purpose of performing this temporary duty
he had a right to do it. It was not prohibited
by any law. The test oath only applied to offi-
cers of the United States who were provided for
by law.
Next, he enforced in e.very case full and
ample protection to the freedmen of the south-
ern States. As I said before, ho case was ever
brought to his knowledge, so far as I can gather,
in which he did not do full and substantial jus-
tice. ' '
Mr. MORRILL. Allow rife "to ask the Sen-
ator a questioh. Boes he mean to say that-the
President required it as a condition of resto-
ration that they should give protection to the
freedmen of the South?
Mr. SHERMAN. I am merely speaking of
what the President did, and I say that so far
as I know he exercised and enforced every
power of the Government to protect the freed-
men of the southern States without exception.
As a matter of course he did not requireit as
a condition to be insertedin their constitutions.
PARDONS.
Now, what are the objections to this policy?
The first objection, that I have heard made
most commonly, and which I have made my-
self, is, that the President was too liberal in
exercising the pardoning power. But when
we remember the fact that there were more
"than five times as many included in his excep-
tions as were included in the exceptions to the
proclamation of Mr. Lincoln, and that the num-
ber of pardons in comparison with the whole
number of persons excepted is substantially
insignificant, and that we cannot know all the
circumstances which surrounded every particu-
lar case of pardon, it is hardly fair for us to
arraign the President of the United States. We
can limit his power to pardon in these cases.
The President of the United States has no
power to pardon under the Constitution of the
United States in cases like this. That power
is derived from the amnesty law which we
passed at an early period of the war. The
constitutional power to pardon given to him by
that instrument extends only to cases where
there had been a legal accusation by indictment
or affidavit, or to cases where a man had been
tried and convicted of a crime. That is the
kind of pardon contemplated by the Constitu-
tion, but the authority which we gave him by
law to extend pardon and amnesty to the rebels
is as broad as the insurrection itself. _ We con-
ferred upon the President of the United States
the unlimited power of amnesty, and he has
exercised that power only to a very moderate
degree.
SUFFRAGE WITHOUT DISTINCTION OP COLOB.
But the principal objection that has been
made to his policy is that he did not extend his
invitation to all the loyal men of the southern
States, including the colored as well as the
white people. If I were now required to state
the leading objection made to the policy of the
President in this particular, I should use the
language of an eminent statesman, and say that
when the President found before him an open
field, with 110 law of Congress to impede him,
with the power to dictate a policy in the South,
to impose conditions on it, he ought to have
addressed his proclamation to every loyal man
above the age of twenty-one years. That would
be the plan of the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. SUMNER. Every loyal man.
Mr. SHERMAN. I mean every loyal man
of sound mind. Now. let us look at that ques-
tion. In every one of the eleven secededStates,
before the rebellion, the negro was excluded
from the right of voting by their laws. It is
true the Senator from Massachusetts would say
these are all swept away. Admit that, but in
a majority of the northern States to this hour
there is a denial of the right of suffrage to the
colored population. In Ohio,_ Pennsylvania,
and New York that right is limited, and these
three States contain one third of the people of
the United States. In a large majority of the
States, including the most populous, negro suf-
frage is prohibited. And yet you ask President
Johnson, by a simple mandatory^ proclamation
or military order, to confer the franchise on a
class of people who are not only prohibited
from voting in the eleven southern States, but
in a majority of the northern States, and indeed
I think in all the States except six.
Further, it cannot be denied that the- preju-
dice of the Army of the United States, who
were called upon to .enforce this proclamation
within these States, was against negro suf-
frage. Whether that prejudice is wise or un-
wise,^blinded or aided by the light of reason, J
shall not say. I -never myself could see any
reason why, because a man was black, he
should not vote; and yet, in qiaking laws, as
the President was then doing, for the govern-
ment of the community, you must regard the
prejudices, not only of the people,among whom
the laws are to be executed, but the prejudices
of the Army and the people who are to execute
those laws, and no man can doubt but what at
that time there was a strong and powerful pre-
judice in the Army and among all classes of
citizens against extending the right of suffrage
to negroes, especially down in the far South,
where the great body of the slaves were in
abject ignorance.
But that is not all, Mr. President. The
President of the United States was of the
opinion that he had no power to extend the
elective franchise to them, and therefore, in
judging of his plan of reconstruction, we must
give liim at least a reasonable credit for hon-
esty of purpose. In his message he tells you
that this was the difficult subject which met him
in the way, and he gives you frankly the rea-
sons which induced him to exclude the colored
population from the right to vote. He says:
"The relations of the General Government toward
the four million inhabitants whom the war has called
into freedom have engaged my most serious consid-
eration. On the propriety of attempting to make the
freedmen electors by the proclamationof the Exec-
utive, I took for my counsel the Constitution itself,
the interpretations of that instrument by its authnrs
and their contemporaries, and recent legislation by
Congress. When, at the first movement toward
independence, the Congress of the United States in-
structed the several States to institute governments
of their own. they left each State to decide for itself
the conditions for the enjoyment of the elective
franchise."
After some further discussion he goes on to
say: . _ ■
"So fixed was this reservation of power in the hab-
its of the people, and so unquestioned has been the
interpretation Oi the Constitution, that during the
civil war the late President never harbored the pur-
pose, certainly never avowed the purpose, of disre-
garding it; and in the acts of Congress during that
period, nothing can be found which, durrng the con-
tinuance of hostilities, much less after^heir close,
would have sanctioned any departure by the Execu-
tive from a policy whieh has so uniformly obtained.
" Moreover, a concession of the elective franchise
to the freedmen by act of tile President of the United
States must have been extended to all colored men,
wherever found, and so must have established a
change of suffrage in thenorthern, middle, and west-
ern States not less than in tho southern and south-
western. Such an act would have created a new class
of voters, and would have been an assumption ot
power by the President which nothing m the Con-
stitution or laws of the United States would hav€>
warranted."
And that is not all. We complain here that
the President has not exercised his power to
extend to freedmen the right of suffrage when
Congress never has done it. We have absolute
authority over this District, and until this ses-
sion the proposition was not seriously mooted
to extend the suffrage to the dblored population.
Here, better than any where else in the Union,
they are fitted and entitled to suffrage, and yet
we never, in our legislative power for this Dis-
trict, where we have absolute power, complied
with that condition which has been asked of the
President of the UnitedStales. It is complained
that he did not extend the franchise to four mil-
lions in the southern States who are admitted to
be ignorant, having been slaves for life, who
are not prepared for liberty in its broadest ana
fullest sense, who have yet to be educated for
the enjoymentofalltherightsoffreemen, when
we ourselves never have been willing to this
moment to confer tlie elective franchise npon
the intelligent colored population ot this Dis-
So I think we have never conferred the right
