m
[February 26,
•SBfA-iB.
Mepresentation of 'Smithetif. States—Sir. Sherman.
39th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
to vote upon negroes in' the* Territories. My
colleague will' knew'w-het&er we- have or not.
We never have. Mere we have- Territories
wli«i#we have the powfer -to mold the incipient
form, and-ideas, and where our power is abso-
lute, and-yet ©pngress hiter never preserved as
A eondJfidn tos their organization as Territories
awl to their admission as States the right of
negroes' to-vefe.
And this: is- riot all. In «he only plan ©Wt-
gfese haB ever proposed for the reconstruction
of the' southern-Spates', the Watte and Davis-bill
to which I have referred so-often-, Congress did
not and; woul® not make negro suffrage a- part
of' theii< plan. The effort was made to do so,
and it w-as abandoned. By Utai bill- the- sttf-
fi®ge was- conferred only wpoiVWHiiE rhale loyal
citizens. And- ia- tlie pfew* adopted- by Site Presi-
dent he adopted ia this respect the very same
conditions- for suffrage prescribed- by ©ongress.
Now. have we,- as candid and honosabte men-,
the righitV complain of tlie- President beetfitse
he declined #0 extend'Suffrage to this nwst igno-
rant freed population when we have refosed or
neglected: to extend itto-themor t-o the negroes
of this District and to the colored men who may
go into the Territories-?' No, sir; whatever may
be ob opinion- of the theory or righd of every
man to- vote—and; I d'o not' dispute or contest
with honorable' Senators upon that po t—I say
with the President, that to-ask of him to extend
to foniv millions of these peo'pte^he- right of suf-
frage whew we hawe not the courage to e ten«l
it to- those -within enw control, when our States,
represented -by us- here on- this floor have re1-
fused to.-do- it, is. to maie-of him; aaii unreason -
able demand, in-which-the people of the United
States will not sustain. Congress.
What then was dbne bytli® President? He
fixed the- qualifications ef voters by several
proclamations addressed' to (Efferent States*
Here is: the- qualifieatias fiased. in his. pracla*
mation in regard' to North GaroKna-. He-directs
the provisional governor ta convene '' a. con-
vention composed, of delegates to h& chosen by
that portion of the people of said Statcwho are
loyal- to- the United Sfettes, and no' others." He
confined it to the loyal population, and then
went on:
" Provided, Ih t iij, any election that may be hare-
after held for choosing delegates to> amy State con-
vention, as afopesaidvno person shail he qualified; mi
an elector or shall he-eligible as a mmner of suoli
convention unless ho sh.iliha.ve previously tai;ea and
subscribed ft) the oath of amnesty, as set to nth ia the
President's proolasmtion of Mas 29, 1865,- ami: is a
voter- qualified as prescribed by the constitution and
laws of the State of Sorth.Carolina, in fonee imme-
diately before the 20 th dag* of MivV.. A. ]}, 1861,, th«
date of the so-eafle&otiEUnaiBceoEseeessioBi"
Therefore he confined the right to vote to,
loyal people-who-had; taften the oath prescribed
by him, an oath which required them to re^
nouoce all altegiance- to the rebel authorities
and ta obey- and- abidie by and- support all laws
and proclamations abolishing slavery, and no
others; are allowed: to vote under this procla-
mation r and-then.he adds :
" And none shall be a-Itmved to vote who eoul'd not
vote under the law as. it sfiaod before the rebellion
commenced."
My honorable friend; from Massachusetts, I
know-,. would have* desteed. that that, last clause
was omitted; perhaps many others around me
would have preferred it; but I have already said
sufficient upon that point. He confined- the
right of voting- to the loyal men who were enti-
tled to vote underthe laws of that State before
the rebellion, and he denied his right in the
absence of law to confer, upon the negro pop-
ulation of North- Carolina the suffrage, espe-
cially when Congress: and the people of the
southern. States aedthe people of the northern-
States have, never yet shown their disposition to
extend the-right of franchise within their own
limits. I say, whatever I may think about it
as a question of ethics, or as to the right, nat-
ural or artificial, political or ci-vil, of the negro
to vote, yet to demand of the President of the
UnitedSlates, under these circumstances,.more
than he actually did; it seems to we is making
an unreasonable demand.
the president and the freed psoplfll
That he had no unkind feelings to the negroes
of th<? aoiiithern.Statesiis'shows bjs man? things.
J naive- here a life-whiehisimiwle ap mainly of
extracts from' his speeches and I could- read
you- esprftsgiotifsiover and over again of kindli-
ness and friendship during the last summer to
this- negco- population- It is true, sou cannot
expect Andjpw Jsluisoay whose whole life has
beuu a. struggle,, who-was-boi'8 in- a slave State,
v>ito rt,-;ii'(al iu a slave Ste£te,-who owned
slaves,- you- cannot u'.vptx*;. him- whom you h-a/Vt.-
eleeted.presideo# of the United' States-to- forget
and renounce all the prejudices of a lifetime.
You cannot expect him to stand on the high and
lofty pedestal of men who have contemplated
this snibjeet at a distance and-now proclaim laws
that are- right vfithin the light of their reason.
You must take tlra- man- with all the circum-
stances that surround' himand- I say, taking
him-in that light, he-has shown, in hig various
speeches before he- sent his message here, a
feindl'y feeffng to-the negro population of the
southern- States. I would- refer to- one or two
ef those simply to' show the general-tendency
of Ms feelings. On tSk-e- TOtli of- October lagt
he- mad'-e a- speeehto- some-colored regiments
who eaited to- pay tliefr respects-to-him at the
Executive Mansion', in which lie said to them :
'"You' have been, engaged' in the effort to sustain
your country in-the-psta;, but tJi^-future-is-more ifn--
port-ant toSou-thaBtheperiod-m-whiTCh youbavajust
been engaged. . One groa-t question has' been- settled
in this Oovernffient, and that is the question of sla-
very. 'i'he institution of slavery made- war against
the United'Slatya, and-the United States has lifted
its strong arm is vindication.of the Government; and.
of free government, and on lifting that arm and ap-
pealing to the Grbd; of battfes, it has been decided that
the institution of slavery nrast so-down."
Then, he follows with kind expressions, hop-
ing for: their; welfare and' future prosperity.
A.g-amyi.-n his convertation witll Mr. Stearns, of
MasBacfausBttsy. asm aatlietftu; report of which
was given under the, sa etion of the President:
"You could' notf have breaeliedt-lie subject of equal
sufitage at the North seven years-a^o-j. and'-We- must
remember that the changes at the South have been
more rapid, and, that they have been obliged, to ae-
eept more unpalatable truth than the North has.
We m-ust gjve them- time to digest a part: for- we can-
not expect such large affairs will bo comprehended
and' digested' at once. W e must ffive them time to
understand thcirnew position.
"X have nothing:- tn eoneeaJ in. these spatters, and
have no'desire orwilli'ngness to take indirect courses
to-oblain; wiiatwe waafc
" Our (Juvei-.u-inont is agrandand loftystructme-; in
searohing; for i'ts foundation we find it rests on the
broad- basisefpopular ri^ts. The electivefranchise
is-notai lia-vilral i,-'u;iH„Uut a l?ulit i('.;ii riL'ht. X am op-
posed to giving the States too much ijower, and also
to a great consolidation of power in the central Gov-
ernment.
" If I interfered with the vote in- the rebel States,
to dictate that the negroes shall vote, I might do the
same thing for my own purposes in Pennsj-Ivania.
Our only safety lies- in- allowing each State to control
the right of voting by its own laws,, and! we have tlie
power to control the rebel States if they gq wrong.
If they rebel, we have-the Army and can control them
by it, and i'f-neeessaryby legislation-also; If the Gen-
eral Government controls the right to vote in the
States, it may establish such rules as will restrict the
vote to a small number of persons and thus create a
central- despotism.
"My position- here is different from what it would
be if I was in Tennessee. There I should try to intro-
duce negi-o suffrage graduallyfirst,, those-who had
served in- the Army, those who could- read and' write,
and- perhaps a property qualification, for others, say
t«o hundred or tiro hundred and fifty dollars.
it will'not do to let the negroes have universal
sum-age now-, it would breed' a war of races."
Such were the opinions of Andrew Johnson
espressed-frhen, in which he showed that he was
willing to meet the question of suffrage to the
negro population, but he desired to do it grad-
ually, and not, as he conceived, by a usurpation
of power on his part. It is also shown by the
evidence introduced the other day by the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois, that the Freed-
men's Bureau, right under the eye of Andrew-
Johnson, in Nashville, Tennessee, where he
knew all that was going- on, had organized vast
systems for the education of southern negroes.
All the plans of ©enera! Howard-for the edu-
cation of the freedmen of the South, under
which seventy thousand negroes are now being
educated by tlie national <3 overnment; all these
platfs, so far as we know, have met the sanction
sad approval of Andrew Johnson. It seems
60: me, therefore, he has evinced no undue
ually- to- extend to them the right of suffrage.
In the mean time,, as he tells us in the late veto
message, he strongly desires to proteet them in
the enjoyment of all their natural rights. Now,
I say agai,n, to require impossibilities of the
President of the United States, to make any
undue demands or exactions of him, will not,
in my judgment, be wise.
president's speech on twenty-second frbrtuby.
I conclude, therefore, this branch of what I
have to say by this general observation: that up
to and' including the recent veto-message of the
President of the United States there had been
no act of Andrew Johnson which in my judg-
ment was inconsistent with the high obligations
he owed to the great Union party of the United
States. I would to God that I could end here;
but some things that have transpired since, my
duty to myself and my State—a duty from which
I shall not shrink whether it meets the enmity
of friends or opponents—compel me now to
f>ea& upon some matters inconnection with the
resident of the United States which I deeply
regret. And-first of all and most prominent, as
being that which how stands in the jsublic eye,
I do most deeply regret his speech oi the 22d of
February. I think there is no true friend of
Andrew Johnson who would not be willing to
wipe out that speech from the pages of history.
It is impossible to conceive a more humiliating
spectacle than the President of the United States
invoking the wild, passions of a mob around
him. with the utterance of such sentiments as
he uttered on thai d"ay. Whether he be Presi-
dent or priest, I care not; I must express my
deep and hearty regret and condemnation- of
some passages- of that speech. The honorable
Senator from Maine tie other day read one
paragraph in which he arraigns Congress for
organizing a central despotism. No charge
could be more unfounded. We, in pursuance
•of a time-honored custom in Congress ofgather-
ing through our committees the information that
is necessary to enable us to act upon the great
questions brought before us, chose to appoint
ajoint committee. I suppose the President has
tajien offense at the fact that this committee
was organized on the day before his message
was sent in, under circumstances, as he thought,
of beat, and I have.110 doubt that much of what
was said' By the President of the United States
is hut the exhibition of temper and passion
against what he regarded as unjust insults and
accusations, but nevertheless no true friend of
his will justify him in this arraignment of Con-
gress.
I must confess tha-t I have not seen anything
iff the conduct of the committee of fifteen in
their reports to the two Houses of Congress to
justify it. _ Individual members of that com-
mittee or individual members of Congress and
citizens of the United States may have criticised
with undue severity some of the acts of the Pres-
ident; but every man who holds such a position
must expect manly criticism. The people will
not stop to choose terms in speaking of those in
power. He must expect that 11 is a part of
the penalty of his greatness. He must not
therefore return accusation with accusation. I
therefore say that the accusation made by the
President of the 0 nited States against the action
of Congress thus far has been unjust and un-
founded. I speak with no feeling on this sub-
ject. The other dtty I objected to the discussion
being commenced for fear that irritable remarks
might be thrown back from Congress to tins
x resident. I do not desire to see it done, but
I say to you now as the result of my deliberate
reflection—and 1 know every true fi-iumi of lite
"resident will say I"am right *111 thin—1 must
