3528
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
Mr. President, having made these remarks,
much more extended than I anticipated when
I arose, for when I came into the Chamber to-
day I did not know.that the subject would be
brought up for consideration, I will detain the
Senate no longer. .
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I was
struck with some of the remarks made by the
Senator from Delaware, and particularly by
his statement that if the northern people had
known that slavery would be abolished aa thfe
result of the war, they would not have engaged
in the war, would not have enlisted in our
armies. I should like to ask the Senator from
Delaware whether he "believes that if Jeff.
Davis & Company had known that they would
be whipped, they would have engaged in this
rebellion.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I will answer the gen-
tleman with pleasure. He is just as familiar
with the opinions and sentiments of Jeff. Davis
as I am. and I have no doubt he is just as inti-
mately acquainted with him. I served awhile
with Mr. Davis, onthis floor, but I never 'was
so intimate with him as to know his opinions
upon any subject. He may be one of those
"heroes, who, belfeving himself right, would
have vindicated what he believed to be the
right, though he saw that defeat was inevita-
ble, as the honorable Senator, although he
might get the worst in a public struggle, if
he thought himself insulted might still go
into the conflict.' .
Mr. STEWAIIT. I believe that the people
of the loyal States who have succeeded in abol-
ishing slavery are quite as well satisfied with
the result of the issue as those who fought to
maintain it, who fought to build if up as the
controlling and ruling institution of the country.
I think that with the past the Union party have
as good reason to bo satisfied with themselves,
and the results of their policy, as the Demo-
cratic party. I think that the Union party is
quite as well satisfied with itself for having
fought to defend the Union, to save the Union,
to preserve the Union, as the Democratic lead-
ers can be with the fact that they destroyed
this Government and declared that there was
no power under the Constitution to save the
country. If you talk about satisfaction with
past records let them be compared. As to the
present policy, the Senator appears to be very
much alarmed for fear the Union party will
not be satisfied with it, and he has attempted
here now, as on various other occasions, to
prove that negro suffrage is wrong because
men are not equal. That is the only argument
that I hear against it. If that be true all suf-
frage is wrong, because no two men are equal.
There is a difference between men; there is
every gradation, from the highest to the lowest,
in all communities. Equality has nothing to
do with the right of suffrage. We do not mean
that men must be equal physically, that they
must be equal intellectually, that they must bo
equal morally. We do not expect that; we do
■ not say any such thing; but we do say that all
men are equally entitled to the pursuit of hap-
piness and to the protection of the law, and
that the weak need the protection of the law
more than the strong; and we do say that now
that the negro in the South is manumitted, and
that cannot be helped, (although the Demo-
cratic part}' would reverse the verdict if they
could, and reenslavehim,)hemust be protected, _
and if you do not allow him to protect himself
with the ballot you must protect him with the
sword. The race is emancipated and must be
governed. It must either have self-govern-
ment or despotic government. I think it is
better for the whites and blacks that all now
shall have a chance to govern themselves. The
time for governing the blacks as slaves has
passed. The "divine right" of slavery is re-
pudiated by the sword. This same appeal to
. the Bible for the divine right to govern other
men is the old song of kings. It is divine to
make men unequal; it is divine to control and
fovern them, provided you lot me govern them.
ifit toe be king, and then it is divinely right.
You be slave and I be king, and then it is a
divine right.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Allow me to put a
question to the Senator.
Mr. STEWART. Certainly.
Mr. SAULSBURY. The Senator refers to
the Bible. • I did riot. I ask him what these
words in the Bible, " ncrnbad naubadam
mean.
' Mr: STEWART. Is that in the Bible ?
Mr. SAULSBURY. It is in the Bible.
Mr. STEWART. That is rather a settler.
[Laughter.] I do not believe the Senator knows
much more about that than I do, but if he does,
I should like him to translate it, and then I
may give bim the meaning of it. The Senator
says he did not appeal to the Bible. I thought
he said that it was the teaching of that good
Book that there was a difference in man. Why,
sir, that is the same good Book to which every
king and every despot has appealed. That,
however, is not the interpretation that Chris-
tian nations are now putting upon it. It is not
in accordance with the spirit of the age, not
in accordance with justice or humanity.
The simple question before the Senate is,
whether the colored men who emigrate to the
Territories shall have the right to exercise the
elective franchise for their own protection ? I
have resided in Territories and in new coun-
tries, and I know that the poor and the weak
there can be better protected if they have a
vote. It will be for their advantage; it will
be much more secure. To give them a vote .
will do nobody' any harm, but will do good to
themselves. Others will treat them more re-
spectfully and more kindly. That has been
the result in all cases with the weak. I can
point out other classes besides the negro who
would have a very difficult time to live in the
.Territories, or live anywhere in new commu-
nities, if you took the ballot from them—other
classes that are courted and favored now, that
none will speak ill of, because they have votes.
On account of race or religion or for other
reasons, there are prejudices against some
which can only be wiped away by the power
of the ballot. If the Senator from Delaware
is not too solicitous for the success of the
Union party, I hope he will let us try this ex-
periment, as we tried the experiment of eman-
cipation, and I do not believe when it is over
we shall be any more sorry for it than he.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, the
honorable Senator has been so kind as to ap-
peal to me. Allow me to say that he reminds
me very much of all young converts. Sir, did
you ever attend a Methodist meeting, espe-
cially a Methodist class meeting? I speak in
r.o disparagement of the Methodists, because
I believe them to be among the best people on
earth; but in a class meeting you find that
after the old grey-headed fathers and mothers
have told their experience some of the young
converts get up and begin to tell what great
things have been done for them; and the. old
fathers and mothers in Israel look upon the
young converts very approvingly. They obey
the scriptural injunction, "He shall gather the
lambs with his arm and carry them in his
bosom." Now, the old political members of
the Republican party, I have no doubt, have
been very much amused at our young convert
from the Breckinridge Democracy. If I un-
derstand his political record aright—I do not
say it offensively, but I say it as a matter of
history—the Democratic party with which he
finds so much fault to-day was to him a glo-
rious, magnificent, patriotic party even when
its standard was borne aloft by John C. Breck-
inridge. And yet the honorable Senator rises
here to-day as though he were one of the fath-
ers in your political Israel, and he descants
upon the errors, the folly, and the want of pa-
triotism of the Democrats. A stranger might
have supposed that he was one of the fathers
in the Republican camp. I think the honor-
able Senator is growing in political grace very
fast, and he reminds me very much of the ex-
perience of the man that I once heard of, given
in class meeting, and I have no doubt that
after a^iile he will become equal to some of
your older men in the Republican party who
can say now what that member of the church
said, and he is trying to get people to see the
same thing. He said that when he was first
converted and joined the church he could not
do any little thing that was wrong that con-
science did not prick him for it, but now,
thank his God! he had so grown in grace that
he could do anything whatever and conscience
never troubled him at all about it. [Laughter.]
T think the Senator has arrived almost to that
state of perfection.
Mr. STEWART. As the Senator from Dela-
ware has been kind enough to pay a little atten-
tion to me, I simjjly rise to say to that Senator
that I Tiad patriotism enough when the Demo-*
cratic party -attempted to destroy the Govern-
ment to repudiate it. There was then a great
revival in the country. There were a great
many convinced of the fact that Buchanan &
Co. were surrendering to the enemy; that Jeff.
Davis & Co. were attempting to destroy this
Government; and there was a revival of pa-
triotism throughout the icountry. It was only
those who loved treason more than liberty, sla-
very more than freedom, that failed to feel any
of that inspiration of truth and justice and love
of union that brought forth this great Union
party, that inspired it from ocean to ocean, that
spoke into existence the loyal hosts of the coun-
try that sustained the flag. Of course I felt
more indignant, and I had a right to feel more
indignant, than an old Whig, because the party
to which I belonged, and which I trusted, and
which I thought was really Democratic, through
its leaders attempted to strike down this Gov-
ernment. Democrats, of course, have a double
reason to complain of it. Our leaders notonly
betrayed the country, but betrayed us. Those
who did not get political religion then, so as
to be opposed to Jeff. Davis & Co., are past
redemption. I fear they have committed the
unpardonable sin. They are sunk so low that
the political hand of resurrection will never
reinstate "the glorious Democratic party" of
which the Senator talks. It must go down
among the things that were, as a monument
of the sins of a conspiracy to destroy this Gov-
ernment. The Democratic party is linked with
treason and with corruption, and it must go
down. The man who still glories in it and its
leaders, who still extols slavery, who still feels
happy over those things, I say never can be
converted. He is joined to his idols. Let him
remain.
Mr. SAULSBURY. One word in reply to
the honorable Senator. When does the honor-
able Senator say that this great revival took
place? He said it was when the Democratic
hosts 
Mr. STEWAIJT. When treason struck at
the flag of the country the Union party was
formed, and that Union party will last until
that treason is blotted out, until traitors are
odious, and until every man in this broad land,
black or white, is allowed to enjoy the _ privi-
leges of a free man. That is the mission of
the party, which we are going to carry out, and
which false Democracy can never overthrow.
Mr. SAULSBURY. The young convert
will get happy after awhile in class meeting,
[Laughter.] Now, Mr. President, when did
the honorable Senator say,-in the remarks he
made when he was up before, that this great,
revival took place? He said that hundreds of
thousands of patriotic men throughout the
country believed that Buchanan & Co. were
leagued with Jeff. Davis for the destruction ot
the country; and yet, sir, notwithstanding
that, the honorable gentleman, with all his
patriotism, did not rush with his patriotic hosts
to the rescue, against the combined forces of
Buchanan and: Davis, but cast his vote for John
C. Breckinridge for President of the United
States at a subsequent period to that, although
he was Vice President on the same ticket with
Mr. Buchanan, and although I presume the
honorable Senator supposed their views were
