1866.
'THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
fi
portant particulars the provisions of the bill reported
by the committee, I should prefer that it would not
become a law. It will be, in my opinion, a national
calamity if Congress shall fait to grant additional
powers to the Secretary; font will be very difficult
if not impossible to fund the interest-bearing notes
under exi;,ting laws; but I do not desire that the com-
mittee or myself should become in any way responsi-
ble for a law which is likely to fail in accomplishing
its object.
I regard it a matter of the greatest importance that
the power of the Secretary should not be strictly
defined. If, for example, the Secretary should be
prohibited from selling bonds below par, it would bo
easy, as the market in the process of funding must be
liberally supplied, for the enemies of the Government
to form successful combinations for kecpingthe bonds
at such a price as would prevent the negotiation
of them. On the other hand? if the authority of the
Secretaiy in this lCfcpeet isnot limited, no such com-
binations would be likely to be formed. In my opin-
ion, the best way of keeping the bonds at a premium
will he to leave the Secretary unrestrained in the sale
of them. Against an undefined power it will be diffi-
cult to form successful combinations. A limitation
of the authority of the Secretary in this rcspect will
be very likely (o prevent funding. I do not, therefore,
favor such a limitation, and should regret to have the
committee responsible for it.
In regard to theothcr important featurcof the bill
—the authority to withdraw United States notes—I
have merely to remark, that I can conceive it to bo
ofvast importance to the business of tho country, the
welfare of the people, and the credit of the nation,
that such a financial policy shall be adopted by this
Congress as will prepare the way for a return to
specie payments. When this can be brought about,
will depend upon the condition of national industry
and the trade relations between the United States
and foreign nations. It is not desirable that specio
payments should be restored until that restoration
can be made permanent by increased industry and
a proper adjustment of the trade with Europe. The
tendencies now arc all iu the right direction, and if
they shall bo assisted by judicious legislation, I shall
be hoiteful that the curicney of the country may be
brought up to the specio standard without a large
reduction of it.
The apprehension which exist^th at if power is given
to the Secretary to retire United States notes, the cir-
culation of the country will be ruinously contracted,
is without any substantial foundation. If norelianco
can ho placed upon the discretion ami carefulness of
the Secretary, the very condition of the finances of
the couiury will prevent such a reduction of the cur-
rency as will make either a tight money market or
depress business. Authority to rcduce the currency
will go very far to prevent the necessity for arcduction.
The battle will he more than half fought when the
Government shall adopt a healthy financial policy.
I am, very truly, your obedient servant,
H. MCCULLOCH,
S'ecr^taru of the Treasury.
Hon. Justin* S. Morrill. Chairman Committee of Ways
and Men as, IJoufc of Representatives.
Mr. MORRILL. The amendments have been
agreed upon and reported by the Committee of
Ways and Means in a spirit of compromise; not
to allow, as was reported in the original bill,
unlimited powor on the part of the Secretary
of the Treasury, and on the other hand not
trammeling him so that he could not retire a
Single dollar of legal tenders, nor emi look
toward a time, however remote, of ultimate
specie payments. I hope and believe it will
prove acceptable to this side of the House, and
I also hope it will not be a reproach to the bill
nor to gentlemen on the other side of the House
if they forego party and give it their support. I
think it will be a compliment to the American
Congress if we can consider financial questions
regardless of party.
Mr. BINGHAM. Does tins authorize the
Secretary to negotiate these bonds abroad?
Mr. MORRILL. It leaves the bill as it was
in that respect.
The amendments reported by the Committee
of Ways and Means were read, as follows:
On pago 2 of the bill, after the word "debt" in line
two, insert these words:
Provided, That of United States notes not more
than $10,000,000 may be retired and canccled within
six months from the passage of this act, and there-
after not more than $4,000,000 in any one month.
Atthe end of the bill add the following as an addi-
tional ^eciioii:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the Secre-
tary of the Treasury shall report to Congress at the
commencement of the next session the amount of
exchange made, or money borrowed under this act,
and of whom, and on what terms, aud also the
amount and character of indebtedness retired under
this act and the act to which this is an amendment,
with o, detailed statement of the expense of making
such loans and exchanges.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is on the
first amendment reported by the Committee of
Yv'ays and Means.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to ask the chair-
man of the Committee of "Ways and Means a
question in regard to this matter. I desire to
know how many dollars this bill authorizes the
Secretary*to retire, and whether, in the retire-
ment of money, he is limited to greenbacks or
legal tenders alone, or whether it includes all
the currency of the United States.
Mr. MORRILL. It is limited-to the legal
tenders, commonly called "greenbacks."
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will it not have the effect
to limit him in the retirement of interest-bear-
ing notes, as now authorized?
Mr. MORRILL. Not at all.
Mr. EGGLESTON". He has a right to do
that by law.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I understand tljis to be
a limitation upon the Secretary.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I do not know
whether I understand the effect of this bill or
not, and I rise more for the purpose of making
an inquiry than of saying anything on the sub-
ject.
If I understand this proposition now, it is
that the Secretary of the Treasury shall be
authorized to fund $180,000,000 of the com-
pound-interest notes within the coming year,
and that in addition to that he shall have au-
thority to fund $34,000,000 of United States
notes, legal tenders, making in all a reduction
of $214,000,000 in the currency of this coun-
try within one year, *all of which is a legal
tender in the payment of debts.
Now, eir, I hold in my hand an extract from
the New York Tribune of March 10, from an
article which was devoted to the discussion of
this subject, and in favor of the bill; and here
is the effect which the advocates of this measure
claim will follow from it. This, mark you., is
the effect of this bill as stated by its friends.
The Clerk read, as follows:
#" AVhat is it that people mean who talk of resump-
tion 'crushing the business of the country?' Will
corn refuse to grow, or fanners to plant it? When
grown, will it not make pork and heel'? Andwillnot
those who produce more than they consume of cither
be willing to exchange their surplus 1'or iron, cloth,
groceries, or whatever cho they need? If they will
and do. why will there not be business?
" But let us grant thatresumption, accompanied or
preceded by contiaetion, would cause a temporary
and very considerable diminution of trade and man-
ufacture—'what of it? Suppose we should shut down
the gates of half our mills, close some of our stores,
and send a million or so of workers from the forges,
furnaces, factories, and stores of the East to help our
farmers grovvan extra, crop and open a hundred thou-
sand new farms in the great. Wot. Would not this
insure a great'and healthy trade next winter and
thereafter? Would not our farmers want fabrics anil
metals next fall; and would not our skilled workmen
be called back to the factories and furnaces to pro-
duce them? Might it not be well to let the fanners
get a crop ahead, so as to place the trade between efty
and country on the healthy foundation of pay down,
und then keep it there for evermore?
'"But the people, whoso industry would thus be
temporarily deranged, their usual employment cut
off, their comforts diminished, and their profit swiped
out, would vote us down next fall.'
"Our answer to this is, the people'are not fools.
They have stood by us in darker hours and under
more trying circumstance5: than an carne«f. fearless
attempt to return to specie payments would now pro-
duce. They have shown themselves woithv of trust;
wo shall show oursclvcsunwnrthy of their confidence
if we fail 1 o trust them fully. Let us tell them frankly,
'Wo arc trying to return to a currcney based on
specie, whereof each dollar shall be worth ten silver
dimes everywhere. To effect this we must all sub-
mit to temporary inconvenience and apparent loss.
The laborer must accept lower money wages: but
they will buy him as much food, shelter, and cloth-
ing as those he gives up. So the farmer must sell his
grain and meat for fewer dollars; but these will buy
as much, in the average, as his piosent receipts now
do. The manufacturer may have to hold on a few
months; but be will hire his labor and buy his mate-
rials cheaper thereatter, and be ableto eompetc fairly
with foreign rivals who arc now crowding him out of
our markets So let us all take hold and make the
very best of the matter, assured that the evils 6f im-
mediate resumption aro preferable to the perils of
indefinite suspension.'
"As to the talk of waiting to return gradually and
naturally to spccie payments, it is exactly like the
sot's resolve, that he would stop drinking after he
got sober. 11 e must stop in order to get sober,
"' Cut what doyou say for people over oars m debt?'
"Only this, that they have had warning enough
and time enough."
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. These are the
effects which I suppose are to follow if wo
adopt the proposition now before the House.
It is saidv that the laborer must accept less
wages, but that the amount which he will re-
ceive will buy him as many products. That
article, it seems to me, Overlooks the fact iha#
if the laboTsr shall receive less wtiges for his
labor and the farmer less pay for his products?
the amount-which shall be so received will not
pay &s much taxes as if the laborer received
the same compensation for his labor and the
farmer the same pay for his products ias now.
And yet I suppose we are to pay within'the next
year gome five hundred million dollars in taxes
in various forms, and the wages of the laborers
of the country and the price of the products of
the great West are to be reduced, when there
is to be no reduction in the amount of thfe na-
tional indebtedness or in the amount of the
national taxes.
Now, I hope that this measure will not be
agreed to by the House. I hold that the
reasons which are presented by the friends
of the measure themselves are such as niusfc
convince every gentleman here that we ought
not to pass it.
I hold in my hand a letter which I have
received from a distinguished gentleman in
New York, and I will ask the Clerk to read an
extract from it.
T^e Clerk read, as follows:
" Wencedno artificial means to break down prices,
they will come down this summer fast enough."
41 If you will keep an accurate account of the gold
received monthly from California, and the gold sent
to Europe, you will find that for several months past
there* has been less sent to Europe than we have re-
ceived from California. Xlence, the supply being
greater than the demand, gold,is accumulating here,
and is consequently slowly falling- here. If there
shall continue the same increase here until Septem-
ber or October, the par of gold will bo reached.
"Gold has nothing whatever to do with tho cur-
rency."
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I am not in
favor of an indefinite suspension of specie pay-
ments, but arcduction of the legal-tender Uni-
ted States notes is'not necessary to resumption.
The question we have to decide is, what is the
true policy of the country, not what is the
policy of any ofiicer or individual. It is time
we should ask only whether we are supporting
tho policy of the people and their interests.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
tho pending amendment.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I would
inquire if it is now in order for mo to move a
suhstitule for the bill?
Tho CHAIRMAN. There are two amend-
ments reported from the Committee of Ways
and Means now pending.
.Mr. STEVENS. Is it in order to move a.
substitute for the entire bill?
The CHAIRMAN. It is in order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. After the
original bill is perfected.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Then I
will give notice that at the proper time I will
move a substitute for the whole bill.
Mr. LYNCH. T propose to amend the amend-
ment reported by the Committee of Ways and
Means by adding the words:
And no United States notes shall be retired and
canceled until all the interest-bearing Treasury
notes now outstanding are funded.
The CHAIRMAN. To what portion of the
amendment of the committee does the gentle-
man propose to add that?
Mr. LYNCH. I will move to insert it at the
end of the amendment reported by the com-
mittee.
Mr. Chairman, I understand the Secretary of
the Treasury docs not propose, if we confer upon
him the authority, to retire any of the United
States legal-tender notes until All the compomitl-
interest notes are funded; and that he proposes
to retire of these not over one hundred million
a year. At this rate it would take nearty two
years to fund all the compound-interest notes.
Now, I ask gentlemen, why anticipate beyond
that time ? Why not wait and see the result of
retiring one hundred and eighty million of the
currency? and then, if we think it desirable,
to continue the experiment, if we find the
country can stand up under it, grant additional
power upon the Secretary of the Treasury.
The people have aright to know what the finan-
