046
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
very great injustice to the class named, besides
denying to them - what I conceive to be an
obvious right.
The Navy Department, some time in July,
1865, in reference to the gunboat service on our
western rivers, directed that officers should be
allowed one month's leave for each year of ser-
vice, and it was the expectation of the pilots
engaged in that service that they would be
treated as officers, and receive the benefit of
the same leave. But the law was otherwise con-
strued by the Secretary of the Navy, and I do
not now question the legal propriety of that
decision. The pilots, however, appeal to the
G overnment to be placed upon as favorable a
footing in that one respect as other officers in
the same service.'
The kind of service rendered by them was
fully as onerous, important, and responsible as
that performed by any officers of subordinate
ranks in the western naval service. Their ca-
pacity to render that service with efficiency and
safety to the Government was the result of long
years of patient labor and observation. It was
not acquired in a day, and in the conduct of the
vast commerce of the western rivers, piloting
is justly esteemed a calling of great importance
and respectability. It will surely not be pre-
tended that they were subjected to any less dan-
ger in the discharge of their important duties
than the officers of th e boats they were piloting.
They were exposed, in a greater degree, than
any officer of the boats to the deadly aim of
the rebel sharpshooters who infested the banks
of the x-ivcrs they were piloting. They were
liable at almost any moment to become the
victims of unseen enemies. Their positions
denied them the ability or right to guard their
own safety, and compelled them to be mindful
only of the security of their vessels against the
dangers of the rivers, and often under circum-
stances demanding yie very highest degree of
self-possession and braveiy.
They received for their services $2oO per
month, and rations worth thirty cents per day.
It cost tliem but little if any less than one dol-
lar per day to live. In tlie merchant service,
I am informed by several pilots of the highest
credibility, they could at the same time have
gotten from $,">00 to $750 per month, with
boarding. These facts alone sullicietftly explain
any reluctance that any of them may have man-
ifested to leaving the merchant service for the
naval service. But n large majority of them
entered the latter service voluntarily, and con-
tinued in it until the close of the war. They
will certainly loam with surprise, "that so Jar
from having been injuriously aifected by the
war, their businoss was generally increased, and
in many instances they have been materially
benefited."
But I should not have felt disposed to ask any
further attention to this subject now if it wore
not made my duty to do so by the reflection
which is contained in the report of the commit-
tee against the loyalty and patriotism of the
pilots. I respectfully but earnestly protest that
the remarks of the committee do them great
wrong in these particulars. If they have any
foundation in fact to sustain them, they must
rest upon the merest individual instances, and
certainly do not justify reflections affecting so
injuriously a whole class. So for as I know the
pilots to be benefited by the desired legislation
m this case, not one of them resides in a State
lately in rebellion. And as to the pilots as a
class, I esteem it alike a pleasure and a duty to
assure the House, upon my general knowledge
oUhcir character, derivedf'roma longlesidenee
near the falls of the Ohio river, that there can-
not be found in the country any class of men
mote unequivocally loyal, patriotic, and gallant
in their fidelity to our country and Government.
As a fitting and somewhat authoritative answer
to these reflections of the honorable committee,
I astc attention to the opinion of ltear Admiral
X)avid U. I orter, as I read it from the report of
that officer to the Secretary of the Navy, under
date of April 14, 1804, at page 522 of Message
and Documents, .Navy Department, 1804-05:
"There is a ©lass of men who have during t&wyajp
shown a good deal of bravery and patriotism, and
who have seldom met with any notice from those
whose duty it is to report such matters. I speak of
the pilots on the western waters. Without any hope
of future reward, through fame or in a pecuniary
way, they enter into the business of piloting the trans-
ports through dangers that would make a faint-
hearted man quail. Occupying themostexposed po-
sitions, a fair mark for a sharpshooter, they are con-
tinually fired at, and often hit, without so'much as
a mention being made of their gallantry. On this
expedition they have been much exposed, and have
shown great gallantry in managing thoir vesselswhile
under fire in this, to them, unknown river. I beg leave
to pay this small tribute to their bravery and zeal,
and I must say, as a class, I never knew a braver set
of men."
This report was written upon tlie flag-ship
Cricket, Mississippi squadron, off Grand Ecore,
Louisiana.
I now move the reference to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
No objection being made, leave was granted,
and the report was taken from the tabic, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
contested seat.
Mr. BROOKS. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. I ask that the papers now in possession
of the Clerk relating to the contested case of
Dodge vs. Brooks be ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER. The committee has power
to order them printed. They will be taken from
the files of the Clerk and referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections.
CU53IKNT BEEVES.
Mr. NICHOLSON, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Mr solved, That the Secretary of ho, and is
hereby, instructed to communicate to this} Louse any
information in Ins possession relative to the seizure
of a ecrtain pieco of land on tho iJetawaro river, near
Delaware City, Newcastle county, in tlie State of Del-
awaie, tho property ot Clement llcevcs, and thocree-
tion thereon of iortiiicafcions; whether the sunui is*
still held, and whether t.ho said Clement It.eeve- has
received any and what compensation for such scinuie
and occupation.
HOLDING AN EVENING SESSION1.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the House ordered an evening
session to be held to-night.
The SPEAKER. The Chair may be permit-
ted to say that such a reconsideration could
hardly bo regarded as keeping good faith In the
llouMi, and to (hose members who have lull the
Ilall with tho express understanding that there
will be an evening session. The Chair is in-
formed that there are several gentlemen who
desire to speak to-nighi.
Mr. WILLIAMS. My understanding is dif-
ferent from that expressed by the Chair, and
therefore it was that I submitted the motion to
reconsider.
Mr. IIUBBELL, of Ohio. As tho Chair lias
remarked that it would hardly bo keeping good
faith toward members for the House now to re-
consider the order for an evening session, 1 de-
sire to make, a suggestion on the question ofgood
faith. The House orders an evening session ;
vet when the evening conies there is nobody
here but tho pages and a few gentlemen, gener-
ally those who desire to speak. Xow.l would
like to ask the Chair if that is keeping good faith
on the part of members toward those who may
have consented to occupy tho evening rather
than tho day time for their own speaking.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Hcbbkll] obtained the tloor on Saturday
last, but declined to speak then. The Chair has
positive information that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kkli.ijy,] and the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Stillwkll,] desire to
speak this evening. And tho Chair will, at the
risk of the censure of the House, decide that
tho House having by unanimous consent ordered
that there shall bo an evening session, for de-
bate only upon the President's annual message,
when the House shall be ready to adjourn this
afternoon it must be with the view of having a
session to-night at half past seven o'clock.
Mr. BROOKS. It is of'high importance that
members of the House should be educated to
the point of remaining here until the close of
the day's session. We passed a law here the
other day when only six members were present.
And I think the best way is to educate members
up to their duty of remaining here, and thereby
keeping good faith to the House and the coun-
try.
Mr. ELIOT. Is there a quorum now pres-
ent?
The SPEAKER. There is not. And the
Chair would hold that the motion to reconsider
would fail from the want of a quorum.
Mr. HUBBELL, of Ohio. The Chair ob-
served a moment ago that the gentleman from
Ohio—myself—obtained the floor on Saturday
last, but declined to speak at that time. I did
obtain the floor, but it was late in the day's ses-
sion ; and at the request of members I gave
way to a motion to adjourn. It was not that I
declined to speak, for I was willing to go on; but
I yielded the floor at the request of others. It
was no fault of mine that I did not speak then.
I am willing to yield the floor to-night to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Denison.]
The SPEAKER. That gentleman is not now
present. The Chair was informed by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kblley] that
he would certainly be here this evening and be
ready to speak. The Chair only desires to carry
out tho order of the House.
The motion to reconsider the order of the
House for an evening session was not pressed to
a vote.
TAX ON JIAILJtOAD COUPONS.
Mr. KERR, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following preamble and resolution; which
were read, considered, aud agreed to:
Whereas the internal revenue law, as it is now con-
strued, requires all railroad companies to pay to tho
Oov eminent a revenue tux of five per cent, on all cou-
pons due from said companies to the holders of their
bonds, whether the companies are able to pay tho
bonds themselves or not; and whereas it is manifestly
unjust 1o require tlie payment of such tax when tho
companies are unable to pay the coupons themselves:
Therctoro,
Rrxulvrd, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be instructed to consider tho propriety of so changing
the law as to mstko such tax payable only when tho
coupons themselves arc paid by such companies to tho
holders of the same, and to report by bill or otherwise.
w. «. raymond and others.
Mr. W1NDOM, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the relief of \V. Gr. Raymond,
and the lieirs of J. I). Turner, deceased; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of Claims.
And then, on motion of Mr. POMEROT, (at
four o'clock and twenty-five minutes p. m.,)
the House took a recess until seven and a half
o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION".
The House reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m., (Mr. (riuNXELL occupying the
chair as Speaker pro tempore,) and resumed as
in Committee of the Whole oil the state of the
Union the consideration of tho President's
annual message.
AMENDING THE CONSTITUTION.
Mr. DENISON. Mr. Chairman, I voted a
few days since against a proposition to amend
the Constitution of the United States in such
manner as to prevent any State from levying
taxes to pay debts contracted in carrying on the
rebellion : and as my vote was different from that
of all the Democrats of my own State, and most
ol' tho Democrats of the House, I have desired
this opportunity to explain, not the vote, but
the reasons for the vote, as a mark of respect
for the opinions of my colleagues and the three-
hundred and fifty thousand Democratic voters
in my own State, whose interests and opinions
we arepiesumed, iu some manner, to repre-
sent ; and as I intend to give the same v ote upon
some twenty-five or thirty similar propositions
now pending before Congress, I shall explain
my views of the power to amend the Federal
Constitution more fully on that account. And
yet I am not unmindful of the fact that one who
proposes at this day to discuss the power to
amend the Constitution must appear like one
repeating a tale twice told. And I further
stats that I do not speak for any side of this
