130
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 26,
Senate:
Representation of Southern States■—-Mr. Sherman.
39th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
intefests of peace and in the interests of Union, the
admission of every State to.its share in publie legis-
lation, when, however insubordinate, insurgent, or
rebel lions its'peoplB mayhave been, itpresents itself
not only in an attitude of loyalty and harmony, but
in the persons of representatives whose loyalty can-
not be questioned under any existing constitutional
or legal.test," - > .
Define loyalty in your own terms ; show that
yon have at least a generous appreciation of
the ppsition df these,men ; prescribe what yon
call a loyal man, if you choose; and then when
these loyal men send here loyal men 'who can
be tested by your oath or by, any other' mode
or manner you choose to prescribe, let them
come, in the name of God and humanity, and
share our councils as they have shared our
hearts ; and I believe it is the irritation occa-
sioned .by this delay that has caused much of
the excitement in the mind of the President.
Yon may' say that the President's idea of
loyalty is not yours, and you may differ upon
that. Why do ybu not define youridea of loy-
alty, and send it to him, arid if it meets his
approval, well ? If not, then he makes an issue
with Congress, and then you can fight it out;
but until then you cannot.
VETO MESSAGE.
Now, Mr. President, I come to the veto mes-
sage. It is well known that I not only voted
for the freedmen's bill, but I voted for it against
the President's veto. I would'vote for it over
and over again. I considered it carefully; I find
nothing in it but what I can approve ; and I
am surprised that any one who is willing to
support the present Freedmen's Bureau is not
willing to vote for this modification of it; but I
do not wish to discuss at any length its merits.
The honorable Senator from Illinois, in an elab-
orate and very able speech, has exhausted the
whole subject. I am willing to let the veto of
the President, with the answer of the Senator
from Illinois, go to the people of the country,
and upon that i am willing to defend my vote
at any time and at all times. But what then?
The President of the United States has consti-
tutionalpowers and rights; he has the sameduty
imposed upon him to vote for or against that
bill that rests upon any of us.
The Constitution declares that every bill shall
be submitted i'or his approval or disapproval.
If he does not approve it he sends it back, and
it is nothing more nor less thana vote by him of
"no" against the passage of that bill. He sends
it back with his reasons. Suppose those rea-
sons are not sufficient. That is a question that
he must judge as well as you. He alleges that
this bill is unnecessary, and I must confess that
a recent construction put upon the bill through
General Howard very much takes away from
the immediate necessity for its passage. I sup-
posed myself that the original Freedmen's Bu-
reau bill expired by its own limitation in May,
1866, because I supposed that the President
considered the rebellion as over in May last.
He certainly did as to Tennessee. I supposed
that the year of the duration of that-bill after
the war would commence, say some time in
May. 18G5, and therefore there was immediate
necessity to supply some temporary actby which
the freedmen in the southern States should be
protected. It seems that in that we mistook
the construction of the President, and I have
here before me the order recently issued by
General Howard, in which he says that—
" The President has assured the Commissioner that
ho resi.rdo the present law as continuing the exist-
en<-e ot the oiu-eau at least a year from tliis time,"
That is, as no proclamation lias been issued
fixing the termination of the rebellion, until
one year after that proclamation the present
Freedmen's Bareau continues. If so, we have
all the benefi; of that system under the care
of the most excellent manager of it now for
one year for the protection of the freedmen.
There are but very few powers conferred in the
second bill that are uot included in the first.
There are three sections of the second bill that
I think ought to be passed in the form of a law.
One provides for the poor negroes on the plan-
tations set apart by General Sherman for them.
It - did seem to me that it was but reasonable
and right for us to secure to them a military
possession for a short period of time. They
came into possession of that property lawfully
urtfler military rule;- they wer^ placed upon it
when-it was abandoned by its owners, and when
its owners vtee fighting this Government. Their
title was legal, their possession was legal; and
I say there was nothing but a reasonable con-
dition that you shoiild'not turn them out with-
out at least two years' preparation. I could
see no objection to that. It is true the expense
of a Freedmen's Bureau may be large; but how
can we help that? We have ourselves, in pur-
suance of our policy, emancipated the slaves;
and whether it costs much or little, we are bound
to ease their way from a condition of servitude
to a condition of assured freedom. I tell you
the people of Ohio do not care as to that.
Whatever is necessary to be expended for this
great purpose they are willing to pay their
share. While they are reasonably economical
in all questions, yet when it comes to the ques-
tion of taking care of a race of people whom
we ourselves have emancipated, they are will-
ing to bear their share of the burden.
The sixth section of the bill, I must confess,
seemed to me rather arbitrary; I refer to the
power given to the President to buy lands at
pleasure and without limit. I was disposed to
vote to strike that' out; but as the whole sys-
tem was a temporary one, I did not'believe the
power would be abused by General Howard,
and I trusted the President. I was willing to
vote for it with that clause in; but that is neither
here nor there. He had the right to veto it.
What he says about taxation without represen-
tation I look upon very much like a stump
speech that had no pertinency to the veto. That
we have the power to legislate for the southern
States is admitted by the President himself.
In all the proclamations to which I have re-
ferred he by terms extends the Treasury laws
over the southern States. He has admitted
over and over again our power to legislate for
these States by approving and indorsing and
ratifying laws we have sent to him; and there-
fore all he said about taxation I look upon
merely as one of those make-weights in an
argument that with the people would not have
any material influence. If he meant by that
part of his veto message simply to say that as
a general principle of American constitutional
law every people who arc affected by laws
passed by Congress should be represented, I
say that is right; but there are exceptions to
that as there are to every other rule. We
legislate for the people of this District and they
do not vote and cannot have the right to vote.
We will not even let them be heard here.
Wc legislate for the Territories and do not give
them the right to vote. We legislate for for-
eigners, who are not represented here, except
indirectly, and who have no political power.
We legislate for the women and children of our
country, who have no vote. We legislate for
a great many people who do not vote. They
are all inferentially represented, but not di-
rectly represented by members of their own
choice. Therefore I regard this part of the
veto message simply surplusage not to be con-
sidered ; but whether it is considered or not I
am willing to stand by that bill; and let me
say, sir, that if any President of the United
States, I do not care whether it is Andrew
Johnson or his successor, shall fail or neglect
to protect from lawless violence the men who
have been freed by this Government in the oper-
ations of war, that man will be cursed forever
and forever. Our obligation to protect them
is even more sacred than to protect the white
people. ' My Democratic friends may think
that is a very strong expression, but the reason
is this: the white people can take care of them-
selves ; they have been trained for generations
as freemen; they will defend and maintain
their rights; you cannot hold them in slavery.
All the powers of hell could not keep in sla-
very the American people who have once tasted
the sweets of freedom.
* But it is different with the freed people of
the southern States. They are very poor, help-
less, dependent upon our bounty and our pro-
tection, and are there in the presence of their
masters who hate them because they have lost
their services. We dare not trust their protec-
tion to the white people of ihe southern States,
because weknow the instinctive prejudices that
govern and control in the southern States. I
believe, and I will take the President at his
word when ho tells me, that his earnest desire
is to protect them in all their rights. In the
very veto message in which ho sends back the
measure we sent him, he tells us in most une-
quivocal terms—
" I share with Congress the strongest desire to se-
cure to the freedmen thefull enjoyment of theirfree-
dom and property, and their entireindependence and
equality in making contracts for their labor."
Then he goes on and states his objections to
the bill. While he stands by. that declaration,
while he protects the freed people of the south-
ern States, I will not quarrel with him'about
the means. Let him fail to do that, and I will
denounce him as freely and as bitterly as any
Senator on this floor.
"WHAT THE XFSIOS I'AETY DEMANDS OP THE PRESIDENT.
Mr. President, I feel that I have already
detained' the Senate too long, but there are
some other observations which I shall take this
occasion to make so that I may not hereafter
feel called upon to trouble the Senate on these
various questions of reconstruction. In my
judgment, the Union party of the United States,
whose representatives we are, demand both of
the President and of Congress grave and im-
portant duties. I do not think either of us
can avoid the fair performance of these duties
by any excuse or equivocation. What they
demand of the President, who accepted the
nomination of the Union party, and who is the
agent and representative of the Union party,
and who is bound in honor to carry out its
principles, is a faithful observance of the prin-
ciples upon which he was elected. I look upon
the common declaration either of a President
or a member of Congress that he is the repre-
sentative of the whole people, and is not under
any obligation to the men who elected him, as
as false in honor and false in principle. The
President, it is true, is President of the United
States, but he is the chosen representative of
the Union party of the United States, and he
is under obligations to that party which he can-
not in honor depart from. Now, sir, a debt of
honor is even of higher obligation than a debt
which can be enforced in a court of law, sim-
ply because it rests upon honor alone. No
debt can be of higher honor than that which
thfe representative owe3 to the constituents who
elected him. I think therefore that v. e have a
right to expect that the President of the Uni-
ted States shall fulfill his promise upon which
he was elected, that he would do all he could
to make treason odious and to punish traitors.
There is a growing feeling in the public mind
that he is forgetting this cardinal principle of
his early proclaimed policy. We have a right
to expect that in the various departments and
agencies of this Government he phall exercise
the power intrusted to him through those men
who aided and contributed to his election. lie
is hound as a principle of honor to select
as the agents ot the Oovernment those who
shared with him the political feeling that gave
rise to his election. Theyaro numerous enough
to fonri the foundation of any Administration.
And if fie seeks fellowship, counsel, aid, or
association from or with those who either took
up arms in the recent contest, or who, regard-
ing the war a failure, would have pH^.ssvt'ly
yielded to rebels, he commits that otVen-e from
which no man occupying his high position can
or will recover, lolerance of opinion within
