2570
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
The next amendment was in section thirty-
three, l^ne seventeen, after the word "when"
to insert the word "any" and to strikeout the
letter "s" in the word ''officers*," in line
nineteen to strike out the word "make" and
insert the words "furnish information to the
collector leading to ain line twenty to strike
outthefinal "s" in the word "seizures," and
also to strike out the word "they" and insert
"he 5" and after the word "distribution" in
line twenty-one to insert the words "with such
collector, naval officer, or surveyor;" so that
the proviso will read:
Provided, That when any officer of the customs,
other than the collector, naval officer, or surveyor,
shall furnish information to the collector leading to
a seizure, he shall be entitled to an equal share of the
distribution with such collector, naval officer, or sur-
veyor.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert at the
end of section thirty-four the words "or steam-
boat inspector."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
thirty-fifth section, in the following words:
Sec. 35. And be it further enactcd, That in all cases
in -which the fees and emoluments received by any
collector or other principal officer of the customs are,
in the opinion of the Secretary of the Treasury, in-
sufficient to afford a reasonable compensation for the
services of such officer, after payment out of the same
of reasonable incidental expenses of the office, the
said Secretary may direct that so much of the said
incidental expenses as shall seem to him to be just,
shall bo paid out of the appropriation for paying the
expenses of collecting the revenue; and the said
Secretary shall have the same power in regard to
incidental expenses -which have heretofore been in-
curred, and which have not been settled and paid
into the Treasury; and all fees paid into the Treasury
by custom officers shall be placed to the credit of the
fund for defraying expenses of collectingthe revenue
from customs.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section thirty-
seven, lirte one, to insert the word "any" be-
fore the word "person," and in line two to
strike out the word " whatever j" so that the
section will read:
Sec. 37. And be it further enacted, That if any person
shall, directly or indirectly, at any rime make or offer
to make to any officer of the revenue, or to any other
person or persons authorized by this act to make
searches or seizures, any gratuity or present of money,
or other thing of value, or give or offer any bribe or
reward, of whatever nature, with intent to influence
or induce such officer or other person or persons to
do any act in violation of his or her or their official
duty, or to refrain from doing anything which, under
the law, it is ot shall bo his or her or their duty to
do, every person so offending shall be liable to indict-
ment, as for a high crime and misdemeanor, in any
court of the United States having jurisdiction for the
trial of ^ crimes and misdemeanors, and shall, upon
conviction thereof, be fined not exceeding three
times the amount so offered, promised, or given, and
imprisoned in a penitentiary not exceeding three
years.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section forty,
line three, after the word "bushels" to strike
out the words, "may, at the discretion of the
collector," and to insert the word "shall;" and
in line four, after the word "measuring" to
strike out the words 4' in which case'' and in-
sert the word "and;" so that the section will
read:
Sec. 40. Aud lie it farther enacted, That for the pur-
pose of estimating the duties on importations of
grain, the number of bushels shall be ascertained by
weight instead of measuring; and sixty pounds of
wheat, fifty-six pounds of corn, fifty-six pounds of
rye, forty-eight pounds of barley, thirty-two pounds
of oats, sixty pounds of peas, and forty-two pounds
of buckwheat, avoirdupois weight, shall respectively
be estimated as a bushel.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section forty-
one, line eight, to strike out the word "the"
and insert the word "any" before the word
"district," and after the word "judge" to in-
sert the words, "of the United States;" so that
the section will read:
Sec. 41. And be it farther enacted, That in order to
facilitate the execution of the provisions of the sev-
enth section of the act entitled "An act to prevent
and punish frauds upon tho revenue, to provide for
the more ecrtain and speedy collection of claims in
favor of the United States, and for other purposes,"
approved March 3, 1863, relative to the seizure of
"invoices, books, and papers;" any district judge of
the United States may hereafter issuo his warrantor
warrants and direct the same to any collector or col-
lectors of the customs in whose respective districts
any such invoices, books, or papers may be thought
to be.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
forty-second section, as follows:
Sec. 42. And be it further enacted, That section
eleven of the act of March 3,1863, last above men-
tioned, be, and the same is hereby, amended so as
to read as follows, to wit: that there shall be taxed
and paid to district attorneys two per cent, upon all
moneys collected or realized in any suit or proceed-
ing conducted by them respectively, in which the
United States are a party, excepting eases of prize of
war. The act in relation to costs, approved l! ebru-
ary 26,1853, shall not apply to such allowances; and
the said section eleven is hereby repealed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section forty-
three, line eight, to strike out the word "re-
moved" and to insert "subjectto be removed,"
and in line nine to insert the word "to" before
the word "forfeit;" so that the section will
read: *
Sec. 43. And be it further enacted, That if any col-
lector of the customs, or other officer or agent, shall
neglect or refuse to comply with the provisions of the
first section of the act entitled "An act requiring all
moneys receivable from customs and from all other
sources to be paid immediately into the Treasury,
without abatement or reduction, and for other pur-
poses," approved March 3,1849, ho shall be subject
to be removed from office and to forfeit to the United
States any share or part of tho moneys withheld to
which ho might otherwise be entitled.
Mr. JOHNSON. I should like to know from
the Senator having the bill in charge why the
neglect or refusal to comply with the act re-
ferred to in this section should not lead to a
removal at once instead of leaving it dependent
on the Secretary whether he will remove or not
where an officer has clearly violated his duty.
Mr. MORRILL. We leave that to be judged
of by the Secretary.
Mr. JOHNSON. I know you do. It is a
very-important provision as the law stands.
The United States heretofore have lost an im-
mense deal of money by moneys being retained
by officers to meet possible suits against them.
It is not necessary to mention names, but they
have lost an immense deal of money in that
way. In order to guard against that, a law was
passed several years ago making it the duty of
the officer, although threatened with suit, where
moneys are paid under protest for duties alleged
to be improperly exacted, to pay the money
over to the Treasury at once. And if the suits
terminated against him, then the Government
paid it.
Mr. MORRILL. Suppose he had a good
excuse.
Mr. JOHNSON. What excuse can he have
for not paying the money over? The provision
in this soction is that "if any collector of the
customs, or other officer or agent, shall neglect
or refuse to comply with the first section of the
act"—-that is the act that makes it an impera-
tive duty upon them, a duty found necessary by
the losses which the Government sustained, to
pay the money over at once—"ho shall be re-
moved from his office." I cannot imagine what
possible excuse there can be for not paying the
money over, and if there be no excuse it is to
be of itself conclusive as to his removal. In-
stead of that, if this amendment should be
adopted, it is left discretionary with the Sec-
retary to remove or not to remove.
Mr. MORRILL. He is liable to removal,
of course, without any provision of law. He
is entirely within the power of the President
or the Secretary of the Treasury unless we
should succeed in limiting the power of ap-
pointment or removal, which seems somewhat
unlikely at present. The provision is but a
qualified provision. He is always within the
power of the Secretary. It is made imperative in
the bill as introduced that he shall be removed
upon the happening of a certain contingency,
which can never be made absolutely certain.
The very title of the act referred to shows that
there is to be a discretion—"An act requiring
all moneys receivable from customs and from
all other sources to be paid immediately into
the Treasury, without abatement or reduction,
and for other purposes," approved March 3,
18-19. The idea-of the committee was that an
officer might be acting very honestly and very
properly, and believe that he had paid over
everything that he had in his hands, and it
might turn out upon a settlement that l.e had
money in his hands which he ought to have
paid over. .We supposed that instead of making
the removal upon any assumed contingency ab-
solute, the interests of the Government would
certainly be protected if the Legislature fixed
that as one of the causes which should subject
an officer to removal. That is the only rea-
son for the committee's adoption of this phrase.
Mr. JOHNSON. There is another objec-
tion to it. There ought to be, besides the lia-
bility to removal, some mode by which he could
be compelled by a proceeding to pay over the
money he had withheld.
Mr. MORRILL. That may be done under
his bond.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is very doubtful whether
this amendment would not change the meaning
of the bond. If we adopt the amendment the
committee propose, in case a collector or other
officer, who has received money for the Gov-
ernment, does not pay it over, he may not be
removed unless the authorities think proper
to remove him, and may not forfeit anything.
It makes, therefore, the liability to forfeiture
to the United States depend upon the discre-
tion of the superior officer. I think that is
contrary to what has been the practice all along.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was, in section forty-
five, line seven, after the word '' shall'' to insert
the words "upon conviction thereof before the
district court of his district;" so that the sec-
tion will read:
Sec. 45. And be it further enacted. That if any col-
lector of tho customs, supervising or local inspector
of steamboats, or other officer, shall neglect or refuse
to make any of the returns or reports which he is
required to make at stated times by any act of Con-
gress or regulation of tho Treasury Department, other
than his accounts, within the time prescribed by such
a.ct or regulation, he shall, upon conviction thereof
before the district court of his district, forfeit and
pay, for tho use of the United States, any sum not
less than $100 nor more than SI,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section forty-
six, line four, after the word "five" to strike
out the following words:
And all of the third section, excepting the second
and last provisos thereof, of the act entitled "An act
to provide for tho support of the Military Academy
of the United States for the year 1838, and for other
purposes," approved July 7,1838.
So that the section will read:
Sec. 46. And be it further enacted. That the act en-
titled "An act for the more effectual recovery of debts
due from individuals to the United States," approved
March3,1795; and the act entitled "An act to extend
for a longer period the several acts now in force for
the relief of insolvent debtors of the United States,"
approved May 27,1840,&c., be, and the same are hereby
repealed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section forty-
six, line twenty-seven, after the word "nine,"
to strike out the following words:
And the fifth section of the act entitled"An act
making appropriations for the civil and diplomatic
expenses of the Government for the year 1841,"
approval March 3,1841.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out section
forty-seven, in the following words:
Sec. 47. And be it further enacted, That this act may
be cited by the name of " the customs protective act
of 1866."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It has occurred to me
that there is a serious difference in the provis-
ions which the second and third sections of
this bill make in respect to the forfeitures
which shall be applied to water cralt and land
craft. By the second section the custom officers
are authorized to stop and examine vessels;
and by the term "vessels" is meant every
description of machine by which transporta-
tion by water is to be effected; but it does not
provide, in case any contraband goods are
found on board, that there shall be any for-
