1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
' House, nor any party of men, not even for my
own district, unless sny constituents choose to
adopt what I say; so that no one is accountable
for such views as 1 may utter excepting jpyself.
The proposition against which I voted was
introduced in this House, and under the pres-
sure of the previous question passed without
debate, without consideration, and with very
extraordinary and indecent haste, considering
the great power which it proposes to transfer
from the States to the Federal Government and
the Federal courts. Under this amendment the
Federal Government would have the power and
the right to inquire into the constitutionality of
a tax levied to repair a township bridge; to
stand between the State and its tax-payer, and
superintend the collecting and disbursing of all
taxes in a State lest the debts paid may have
been contracted in carrying on the rebellion;
for a tax levied and collected for a lawful pur-
pose might be diverted after it had reached the
treasury and it would then be a most inter-
esting employment for the Supreme Court to
compel tlie State to refund to the citizens the
taxes improperly collected or improperly paid
out.
The only good which I can see in this very
great change in the organic law of this nation,
is that the Supreme Court would not be idle
for the want of business, and its judges would
not have time to travel about the country mak-
ing speeches to the negroes, and in that way
electioneeiing for the office of President. The
provision will be found to be impracticable and
worthless.
Nor would I desire that the Federal Govern-
ment or any State government should assume
to pay, or levy taxes upon the citizen to pay,
debts contracted in carrying on the rebellion.
God knows we have debts enough of our own to
pay. Nor do I know of but one class of men
who intend that the Federal Government shall
assume and pay the debts of tlie confederate or
rebel States, and that embraces 'the extreme
abolitionists, or that class of men who claim
that, such States were alien enemies, and are
now conquered provinces, for they well know
that, as such, the conqueror takes the provinces
with their burdens upon tliem; that if they are
successful in thus holding, they must, according
to the law of nations, pay their debts. And they
must further know, that in pursuance of this
well-settled principle of international law, Great
Britain is even now gathering up her accounts
to make a demand upon our Government for
the payment of the debts of the confederacy,
and if the theory of the Radicals be true, she
will make you pay them. But I am not willing
to pay their debts, nor in favor of so treating
them as to make the Federal Government in
any manner liable for them. Nor is it neces-
sary to alter the Constitution to meet this end,
a remedy already being provided in the Su-
preme Court for the express purpose, and
which would most assuredly decide against the
payment of any such debt.
But, sir, Iftave other reasons for my vote,
and to my mind higher considerations than can
arise from taxes or debts in any form. It will
be observed that the proposed amendment is
to give the Federal Government the power and
the right to dictate to sovereign States the debts
which they shall not pay. This is a very extraor-
dinary power to place in the Federal Constitu-
tion, to compel States to repudiate debts, a course
which States, like individuals, are sufficiently
prone to follow without the excuse which you
propose to furnish. And this may be the wrong
time to set the example of repudiation, until we
see our own vast debt provided for. More than
two thirds of this House appear to have no doubt
of the policy or the power to make so great a
change in the organic law of this nation. I
deny 1 he policy, and very much doubt the power,
even though you hang upon your proposal the
odious words "rebel debt.'' By looking at oar j
files it will be seen that you have one proposi- :
tion to grant the right of suffrage 1o certain
negro soldiers who served in the war, another
to grant certain' lands in pursuance of some j
military order of one General Hunter, another I
that no State shall make any distinction in the
civil rights of persons residing therein on ac-
count oi color or descent, and another provid-
ing for colored persons sitting as jurors, and I
believe some twenty or thirty others.
There is one peculiarity which runs through
all of these proposed amendments, and that is,
to add to the powers delegated to the Federal
Government, and to that extent take from the
reserved rights of the States.
These propositions have come upon us with
such rapidity and profusion as to indicate that
Congress had no other business to require its
attention ; and that the people had become so
weary of "the best Government ever devised
by the wisdom of man'' that they had selected
and sent here the most ultra men in the land (o
destroy it by usurpations of power under the
guise of constitutional amendments.
In my judgment, it is a matter of grave re-
sponsibility to make vita! changes in the organic
law of a nation, and should not be done except
upon the most urgent necessity, and upon points
wherein we have the undoubted right, and at a
time when the public mind is in condition for
serious deliberation. Surely not when one
third of the States are unrepresented in Con-
gress.
It becomes us, as w£ regard the oath which
we have taken, to look well at the charter under
which we claim these powers, to see if we have
tlie right to make these changes lest we place
acts upon the record of this nation wliifch are
evidence of our presumption, as well as our
imbecility, wickedncfs, and folly.
1 n ordei to understand v. hat powers are placed
under the control of two thirds of Congress and
three fourths of the States, it is important to lo.ok
at the condition of the States and the people
before the adoption of the. Constitution of 17S9,
as well as the Constitution itself.
In looking at that period in our history as a
people, the first important paper that we iind
is the Declaration of Independence, standing
comparatively alone, rnd marking the birth of
a great nation. In that instrument we find
three distinct propositions. The lirst is. "that
all men are created equal:" but tliev did not
state that as the reason for their independence,
or they would have enunciated the fact, and
claimed by virtue thereof the right to be free;
nor did they regard tins abstract proposition
as the basis of government, excepting so far as
it applied to themselves and the white people
whom they represented, for they then had two
distinct races of men in t heir midst who were not
then, nor have they since, been permitted to
realize the greai tiutli '* thalal! men are created
equal.'1 Neither tlie Indian nortiie negro have
been peunitted to participate 111 the ail'airs of
this Government up to this hour, 'flic negro
was enslaved and th^Indian lias been moved
from land to land, and we appear to have kept
him as an excuse for squandering millions of
money, which we generally place in the hands
of a well-organized band of thieves, who stand
between the Treasury Department and the In-
dian ; and that is a most fortunate tribe which
receives one tenth of the money appropriated.
And yet we continually hear repeated "AH men
are created equal."
The country is now filled with fatter-day saints,
who claim that it has especial rclerence to tlie
negro, and are willing to sacrifice their own Gov-
ernment and the liberties ol their own children
to make it true. And yet it would be fair to
presume that the great m.-n who made our sys-
tem of government underst ood tlie great truths
which they uttered and the provisions of the
Constitution which they had established, and
were able to apply them to the ruling of the
people.
The second proposition in that instrument is
that all just Governments are founded upon the
consent of the governed; and based upon this
second proposition, the colonies no longer con-
? en ting to be governed by Great Britain because
certain of iheir chartered right? as Englishmen
had been violated and disregarded, the auJiors
of the Declaration proclaim their third propo-
sition, "that these colonies are, and of right-
ought to be, free and independent States."
And to maintain this conclusion they enter into
Articles of Confederation, put their men and
means in. a common fund, fight the battles of
the Revolution, obtain their independence, and
repudiate their debts.
The Confederation was merely an agreement,
between sovereign Powers, and provided, in so
many words, that each State should maintain
its sovereignty in all respects wherein the power
had not been delegated to the Confederation.
The independence thus acquired left each State
not only free and independent of Great Britain,
but of each other, and, as such, they had aright to
declare war, make peace, contract alliances with
any other or foreign Power and do any and all
things which sovereign Powers may do. And
it was the representatives of these Powers that
made the Constitution, and they stated in the
beginning of their labors tho objects at which
they aimed. They represented sovereign Pow-
ers, and they intended to relinquish enough of
tho powers they represented to accomplish the
objects of the Federal Union, and no more. They
left us a very peculiar system of government, and
if sovereignty means that power over which
there is no superior, whose decrees when made
are final, then our whole system of government
is made up of local sovereignties, each absolute
within its own local jurisdiction, and acting as
so many checks against the flowing of power
into a centralized despotism.
Yfhen the people of a township, a county, or
State, have determined by ballot the choice of
officers to execute the laws of each municipal
corporation, they ha\e exercised one of the at-
trib utes of sovereignty.
The Slates furnish tho courts to protect the
citizen in his rights of person and of property,
tho descent, of e,-tales, and regulate all of the
domestic relations of the citizen under the Gov-
ernment. Kach State i - as entirely independent
of every other State a tit'it were a foreign Power-,
and just as independent of the Federal Govern-
ment, within the leserved powers and in all re-
spects wherein the powers have not been dele-
gated iti the Constitution. And the Federal
Government is as completely a consolidated
Government and as perfect a Union, within the
delegated powers, as it would he if there were
no State governments in existence; and each is
as completely master of their respective powers
as they would be if the other did not exist.
11 is to tlie Constitution alone that we must
look to ascertain what powers were delegated
and what reserved, and the condition of the
reserved rights, whether reseived absolutely
to the States, or whether the reserved rights
were to be taken away by the will of any other
power than the people of the State for whose
benefit the reservation was made.
A iiy person may invest a portion of his estate
in the stock of a bank, and thus place that much
of his earnings under the control of the majority
of the stockholders or directors of sueh bank,
but they do not thereby get any right to control
that portion of his estate which he retains ; that
part of his property still belongs to him, and is
under his control as much as if he had no in-
terest in the bank, and he cannot be made to
part with it except with his own free will. So
it was competent for the States when thev cre-
ated this governmental organization called tho
United States, by the Constitution, to delegate
therein certain powers and the right to do cer-
tain things, and thus place the powers delegated
under tlie control of the Federal majorities, and
reserve certain other powers to be controlled by
the people of each State, and for the exercise
and control of which they were not to be answer
able to any other power.
If the States did thus absolutely and uncon-
ditionally reserve these powers, then they can-
not be taken away by two thirds of this 1 louse
and throe fourths of the States any more than
the majority of tlie stockholders of a bank, in
which I might have stock, could take my horse
or my farm for the use of the corporation, be-
cause the States never placed these reserved
powers in the common fund of powers^ to be
controlled Uy Federal majorities. Their con-
