1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
plead for action in the right direction by this
Government.
But, after all, the great interest to be pro-
tected, cherished, and encouraged, is labor.
We cannot produce wealth without labor; and
the only way for Government to protect and
give to labor its highest reward is to prevent
as much as possible fluctuations in the cur-
rency, and protect home industry against for-
eign competition. With almost any kind of
financial management, if we could induce our
people to forego the consumption of useless
foreign fabrics, we should soon have our cur-
rency sound, and instead of a fictitious we
should have a real prosperity unexampled in
the history of the world. It is the professed,
and I hope it may be the real mission of our
Government, to protect, elevate, and improve
the masses. We see the lobbies of Congress
filled by the advocates of a policy adverse to
any contraction of the currency. They are
those, mostly, whose personal interest, will be
greatly injured, they think, by a contraction of
the currency, and undoubtedly they are right.
Every large importer, and every heavy man-
ufacturer must suffer, temporarily at least, tre-
mendously by any policy we may adopt looking
to contraction and consequent fall in prices.
But whore you injure one such—and generally
they are the ones that can afford to be injured,
for they have reaped immense gains from infla-
tion—you benefit toiling thousands. I am an
importer and manufacturer, and am subjected,
as they are, to heavy losses, by contraction and
fall of gold, but wc must find our consolation
in the fact that what is our loss is the country's
gain.
Such are my opinions, which I submit with
some distrust, I confess, for this subject of
finance is so abstruse and difficult to compre-
hend that there are but few persons whose
opinions possess much value with me upon this
subject. Although a matter which has engaged
my earnest thought and attention for a quarter
of a century, and with a practical experience
in the management of financial affairs not very
limited, yet when I find those who have given
the subjcct more thought and attention than I
have, with a longer and larger experience, and
in whose judgment I have great confidence,
differing from me, I cannot but feel great diffi-
dence in thus expressing my convictions.
Mr. LYNCH. 1 withd raw my amendment.
Mr. KELLEY. I renew it, as follows:
But no United States notes shall be retired and can-
celed until all the interest-bearing Treasury notes
now outstanding are landed.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kei.ley]
yield to me to ask my colleague [Mr. Alley]
a question ?
Mr. KELLEY. I will, if it does not come
out of my time.
The CHAIRMAN. It will come out of the
gentleman's time, except by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. KELLEY. Then I must decline to yield,
as my time is limited by the rule.
Mr. Chairman, I voted in the earlier days of
this session for the resolution of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Alley,] and I de-
sire to say that I voted for it because I was
then under the delusion that he is still under,
that contraction of the currency was the way
to resumption of specie payment. But we are
to-day on the high road to resumption, and
will, if matters are let alone, soon resume.
Gentlemen tell us that the currency is re-
dundant; and the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Garfield] told us the other day that the bal-
ance of trade was in our favor and the expor-
tation of gold diminishing, so that the volume
of currency was expanding and becoming more
redundant: yet we all know, that with this ex-
pansion of the currency, prices are daily depre-
ciating ; the price of commodities, the price of
labor, the price of gold, is steadily depreci-
ating, showing that ne have not sufficient cur-
rency to pre\ent the too rapid depreciation of
prices. Our currency is not expanded, and
ws are en ths successful foad to an sarly re-
sumption of specie payments without a crisis.
I would let well enough alone.
Bnt it is proposed to alarm the business men
of the country and to paralyze the business of
the country, by announcing that the present
Secretary of the Treasury, and whoever may
be his successor, shall hold the business of the
country in his hand, control the currency by
his will, and put all great enterprises at his
mercy. I have confidence in the integrity of
the present Secretary of the Treasury; but I
do not know who may be his successor in the
event of his death or resignation. But had I
the supremest confidence in him that man can
have in man, I would not vote to invest him
with the power to expand or contract the cur-
rency and so influence the business of the coun-
try, to quicken or retard it when an4 as he
pleases.
Again, this bill proposes to empower him to
do the absurd thing of taking up the non-inter-
est-bearing debt of the Government by bor-
rowing money at six per cent, for that purpose.
It will, close your factories, stop your forges
and your furnaces, and paralyze the business
of the country, to contract your currency by
borrowing money at six per cent, to retire it,
or in other words to pay a debt that is carrying
no interest, but which on the contrary is pay-
ing interest to the Government; for every dollar
note destroyed or lost is a dollar of gain to the
country. But it is not only proposed to bor-
row money at six per cent, to redeem a non-
interest-bearing loan, but there is no limitation
upon the price at which the Secretary of the
Treasury may sell the bonds of the Govern-
ment for that purpose. He may, if he sees fit,
sell them below par, and thus bring down the
value of all Government securities. Gentlemen
say the Secretary will not do this; but a less
worthy successor may do it, whatever may be the
integrity and ability of the present incumbent.
Sir, this bill ia full of peril to the country.
Its tendency will be to retard the resumption
of specie"payment by producing uncertainty
and alarm. It may bring our laboring people
to idleness, reduce the value of farm products,
and close our mines and factories. In that
event many of our laboring people who are now
liberal consumers of foreign and domestic
goods, will bo turned into paupers, and all of
them be made close economists, as people
always become when they cannot see a pros-
pect of daily labor and wages before them.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to ask my colleague [Mr. Aixby] if his resolu-
tion was anything more, or purported to be
anything more, than an expression of opinion
on the part of this House, that at the earliest
suitable opportunity, when the country was in
a proper condition for it, specie payments should
bo resumed? Was it anything more than that?
Mr. ALLEY. I will state all that it con-
tained. The gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Lyxch] offered an amendment the practical
effect of which I have stated to be to prevent
any contraction of the currency at all.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. My col-
league will pardon me for interrupting him.
My inquiry was in reference to the resolution he
introduced in the early part of this session.
Mr. ALLEY. I was going on to say that
that resolution merely contemplated the pledg-
ing the Congress of the United States to coop-
erative action with the Secretary of the Treas-
ury in the views he had expressed in his annual
report to Congress. That 1 think was the lan-
guage of the resolution: that so far as it could
be done without disaster to the business inter-
ests of the country, the policy of Congress should
be in favor of an early resumption of specie
payments.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. It referred
to a resumption of specie payment?
Mr. ALLEY. It did.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. At the
earliest period practicable ?
Mr. ALLEY. Yes, sir, without doing vio- i
lence to the business interests of the country.
Mr. GARFIFLD. And suggested a contrac-
tion of the currency as a means.
$fr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I wish to
ask my_ colleague if he intends to convey the
impression to thfs House and to the country
that any member who is opposed to withdraw-
ing all the greenback circulation, which cost the
country nothing for interest, and substituting -
for it bonds bearing interest payable in gold,
is therefore opposed to the resumption of specie
payments at the earliest period possible with-
out derangement of the industry and business
of the country ; and if he wishes the contrac-
tion of the currency to be conducted so rapidly
as to break down all industrial pursuits, and
thus benefit large capitalists at the expense of
the great body of the people?
Mr. ALLEY. I understand the practical
effect of the amendment of my colleague will
be to prevent the resumption of specie pay-
ment, will be to prevent contraction ; and be-
lieving', as I most firmly do, that resumption
cannot be effected except by contraction to some
extent, I am opposed to the amendment of my
colleague.
What my colleague's purpose is I do not pre-
sume to say. I know heretofore he and I have
gone together on these financial questions, and
there has been no man in whose opinion I have
had more confidence in the main than in his.
I am glad to bear testimony to my confidence
in his judgment on these matters. But 1 think
in this particular, so far as this amendment goes,
he is greatly" mistaken. For some reason 1 can-
not divine, I find he has changed his views, and
I can no longer follow his lead on this bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The time of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper] has
expired.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Has all
my time been consumed by the gentleman's
answer?
The CHAIRMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to get the
views of the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Alley] in relation to this fact, whether
the laws of trade are not now carrying us a lit-
tle faster toward the resumption of specie pay-
ment than is satisfactory to the Secretary him-
self ; whether he is not of opinion that gold is
falling too fast; and whether he would not be
glad if it would go up?
Mr. ALLEY. Perhaps that all may be.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Is not that so?
Mr. ALLEY. I am not here to shield any-
body. ' I express my honest convictions. No
man will be more glad than I will be to receive
information from any quarter, and I will an-
swer the question 
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the pending amendment.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Can I
have the floor to move an amendment? All
mv time was taken up by my colleague.
The CHAIRMAN. Amendment is not now
in order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved that
the committee rise, to dispense with the night
session.
The motion was disagreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Kelley's
amendment, and it was disagreed to.
Mr. SLOAN. I move the following amend-
ment:
Provided, Thatallbondsorothorobligations issUed
under this act, or the acts to which this is amendatory,
shall be payable in the lawful money of the United
States.
Mr. Chairman, I offer that amendment for
the purpose of calling the attention of the com-
mittee to what seems to me to be a very great de-
fect in this bill in allowing the Secretary to send
our bonds abroad. The chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means has asserted that it
will be ruinous, and even the Secretary of the
Treasury himself says that if our bonds go
abroad largely our debt will become an oppres-
sion and a curse, and ruinous to the industry
of the country; yet, as far as I have observed,
neither the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, nor the Secretary of the Treasury,
nor any other gentleman, has proposed any
remedy for this great and crying evil. Our
