1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3531
strueted, one by the celebrated builder, Mr.
Webb, at New Fork, and another by Steers.
They are to cost $1,000,000 each. It is in-
tended to put four such ships on the line, but
at the end of the war it was found impossible
to collect material for such a character of ships,
of seasoned condition and quality, and there-
fore only two of the ships have been contracted
for: the other two are to follow those. In the
mean time the company have prepared for ser-
vice vessels exceeding three thousand tons in
burden from the newest vessels in possession
of the company. The steamships Colorado
and Golden Gate, recently plying between Sim
Francisco and Panama, are being taken into
dock—one of them now—double planked and
fitted for the new service throughout; so that
they may be able to begin the service as required
by the contract, on the 1st day of January, 1867.-
Upon making this application for release
from stopping at the Sandwich Islands, vari-
ous gentlemen of this country, particularly
residents at Boston, in Massachusetts, have
felt, considering the interests that they have,
in that country, that it would not bo entirely
just to American interests at the Sandwich
islands to grant this release. They have pre-
sented the case to many persons, and among
others, to myself. I wish to say here that the
whole question involved was very carefully
considered by the committee before wc under-
took this measure. The question of the main-
tenance of American interests, political, com-
mercial, and social, at the Sandwich Islands,
I concede freely to be one of great consequence.
No person, perhaps, feels a greater interest in
it than I do. The people ot no State in the
Union can feel a greater interest in it than the
people I in part represent here—the people of
California. Wo are in close and almost imme-
diate neighborhood with the Sandwich Islands.
Our trade is large with the Sandwich Islands.
But, sir, the maintenance of American influ-
ence at the Sandwich Islands does not in any
manner depend upon forcing this company or
continuing to require them to make the stop-
page required in the contract at those islands.
On the contrary, the maintenance of that influ-
ence is already, by. other steps taken, fully
assured.
Until within the past year there was in the
whole Pacific ocean, to take care of American
commercial interests, including the Sandwich
Islands, from the north to the south, but five
vessels-of-war, and those, in the main, of the
most indifferent class; two of them being sail-
ing sloops-of-war. Within a year, and since
the release of our blockading squadrons, that
entire matter has been changed, and the Pa-
cific squadron to-day is one of the largest squad-
rons belonging to the Government. It em-
braces one of our first-class double-turreted
monitors, another single-turreted monitor, the
steamship Vandcrbilt, and like ships of the
highest capacity for war uses. In addition to
that, by a special order, in compliance with a
request made by the State Department, I will
say here, at my own instance, four months ago,
the Secretary of the Navy has designated one
of our men-of-war to be stationed permanently
hereafter at the Sandwich Islands, and the offi-
cer to take command of that ship is now on
his way to the Pacific. Thus, sir, so far as the
maintenance of American political power and
influence at the Sandwich Islands is concerned,
the matter is assured beyond peradventure.
The only question remaining is the impor-
tance of immediate steam communication be-
tween San Francisco and Honolulu. I have
already said that no people feel perhaps so
great an interest in that question as the people
of California; but we also feel that it is vital
to us,, as it is to the entire commercial inter-
ests of the whole country, that nothing shall
be done to mar the prospects of the mighty
project of intercommunication and commer-
cial control by Americans in the East Indies,
which has been so well begun.
Now, sir, shall we not release this company
from stopping at the Sandwich Islands'? _ It
we do not, the round trip from San Francisco
to China will be lengthened from eight to ten
days; and thus we shall lose in the great inter-
national race in which we are now engaged with
the other commercial nations of the world. In
addition to that, if we shall refuse to release
them, there is another difficulty in the case,
and I will state it briefly. It was found to be
necessary for the complete success of this great
commercial enterprise to build vessel's of the
class that I have described. They cannot, as
was subsequently found, enter 'the harbor of
Honolulu. They cannot go over the bar before
that town. I have been, asked, in reply, why
did they build such ships? As I have said,
the project and the schcme that we have under-
taken required the establishment of just such
a line as they have begun, and the fact that
they have begun upon the scale that they have
is the very highest compliment to the gentle-
men engaged in it. The four ships that they
are to build, in place of costing, as they might
have cost, half a million dollars cach, are to
cost §4,000,000. But it' wc should refuse to
release them from stopping at the Sandwich
Islands, they would now, at this time, be com-
pelled to turn the two great ships that they
have built off from that trade, and to order the
building of two of a less capacity. This I do
not state as a fact to be questioned, but as a
fact that will certainly follow. The service to
China must be performed as required by the
act, in vessels of not less than three thousand
tons burden, but they will not be to any con-
siderable amount in excess of that tonnage.
To reduce, then, the capacity of the great ships
that are to do this work, that is to revolution-
ize this mighty trade, that is to give America
preeminence in the ne.w markets of the world,
or, if you please, the old markets of the world,
but new markets to us, would, it seems to me,
be a very narrow policy.
I regret very much that the gentlemen to
whom I have referred have seen fit to persist
in their opposition to this measure. I have
allowed it to remain herefrom day to day since
the committee have reported it, expecting that
they would see that the true interest of the
Sandwich Islands consists in developing the
great empire of trade that the East India ocean
furnishes to us; that commercial communica-
tion with them, rapid steam communication,
would follow as a matter of course; and that
they should not urge this incidental matter of
interest in the way of so great and mighty a
project.
When the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads took this subject up for consider-
ation it was referred to the Postmaster Gen-
eral for his views on the subject. Those views
have been presented. They are before us in
an elaborate report from the committee. - I
will not take up the time and attention of the
Senate by reading from it; but it is shown, as
stated by the Postmaster General, that when
he recommended, in his annual report of 18G4,
that a subsidy begranted to a company to carry
the mails between San Francisco and China,
the question of stoppiugatthe Sandwich Islands
never entered into his consideration ; that his
idea was to patronize American steamships by
authorizing them to carry the mails, and thus
secure a new empire .of trade for his country.
Therefore, that being the great object for which
the line was established, should you release
them from stopping at the Sandwich Islands,
you do not thereby cheapen their service ; but,
on the contrary, wc should not refuse, in my
judgment, the passage of this act and the
release asked for.
The question of the voyages between San
Francisco and China; the question of the ocean,
its currents; the winds to be encountered, and
the passages to be taken, were comparatively
unknown by us. Further and most thorough
examination into those questions and consider-
ations which are of the first importance have
been made, and the result is spread before
Senators in the report of the Post Office Com-
mittee of this body. It shows clearly that to
make this line what we should all wish it to be,
a great success, the most rapid passages must i
be made; and this rapidity should be secured
from the start of the line. Nothing should
occur from the beginning to destroy the pres-
tige of its success. Indeed, if we release tbem
from this stoppage ffom the very first trips that
the ships shall make they will beat the time that
is now made on the other route from China to
London. The shortest time now between Lon-
don and Hong Kong by the European routes is
fifty-five days; that is, by way of Gibraltar and
Suez; by way of Marseilles it is forty-seven
days. But by this means we shall make the
connection between China and New York in
forty-three or forty-four days, and perhaps in
forty-one days.
1 do not wish, unless it should become neces-
sary, and there shall be further discussion on
the subject, to occupy the time of the Senate
longer. I wish to say simply, in conclusion of
the remarks that I submit now, that no com-
mercial project of equal magnitude with this
has ever yet been undertaken by the Govern-
ment of the Uepublie; and I hope that nothing
will be refused to this company who have en-
gaged in its performance upon so grand and
magnificent a scale. As to the question of se-
curing communication between the Sandwich
Islands and California, as I have said, that will
follow as a matter of course; and should we be
compelled to grant a small subsidy in addition
for the performance of that service thereafter,
the money ot' the Treasury can be engaged in
no better office than that.
Gentlemen have suggested, in conversation
with me, that the subsidy now provided for this
company should be reduced if they are to be
released from stopping at the Sandwich Islands;
but it will be remembered that that cannot be
done with any propriety. Releasing the com-
pany from stopping at the Sandwich Islands is
simply to make their trips more rapid, to make
speed an object: so that the highest rate of
speed will then be attempted ; the most costly
ships will then be put upon the lino. The com-
pany never would have made a bid for the ser-
vice at less than the amount stipulated by the
act of Congress. The fact that they were the
only bidders shows that clearly and conclu-
sively, and the magnitude upon which and ex-
perience with which they have entered upon
this gieat service conclusively shows that they
are prepared in the most liberal mannerto meet
the exigencies of the case. I hope, therefore,
that there will be 110 opposition to the passage
of this resolution.
Mr. GRIMliS. 1 rise to oppose the passage
of this resolution ; and 1 will say to the Sen-
ator from California that I am impelled to do
it, in a measure, by the remonstrances of the
very officer of whom he has spoken, who has
been ordered to command the Lackawanna, to
be stationed at the Sandwich Island's, in con-
junction with various other naval officers sta-
tioned or who expect to be stationed in the
Pacific ocean.
A year ago and upward we passed a bill
authorizing the subsidizing of a line of steam-
ers between Sau Francisco and the Sandwich
Islands, Japan, and China. The Postmaster
General issued his proposals. One greatcom-
pany, as the Senator has told us—an immense
company, a company that has thus far been
able to frown down'all opposition, the great
Pacific Mail Steamship line, a company of
immense wealth—made its bids for this con-
tract. Other parties, doubtless, who were
aware that the Pacific Mail Steamship Com-
pany was about to bid, declined to enter into
competition with them. The result was that
this great company succeeded in securing the
, contract. And now, without having built a
i single ship, without having put a single vessel
j upon the line, without having done anything
! except to contract, as we have been told by
I the Senator, for two large ships, they come
. before us and ask us to release them from a
j part of their contract; to release them from
j that part of it which, I undertake to say, is of
l most importance to the commercial interests
! of the United States; to release them from
that part of it in which I feel infinitely more
