3532
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
. deeply interested than in any other part of it—
that part of it which compels them to touch at
Honolulu, to keep our continent in close con-
nection with the American interests at the
Sandwich Islands, and thus be able to restore
in some degree the American influence which,
during the last eight or ten years, has been
greatfy supplanted by the British influence
there.
What are the arguments that are urged in
favor of this proposition? First, that these
large steamships are not able to enter the har-
bor of Honolulu. Was there a seaman con-
nected with the Pacific Mail Steamship Com-
pany that did not know that they could not do
it in the first instance? Does not the Senator
from California know that half the whalers
from New Bedford—vessels with a tonnage of
from nine hundred to a thousand tons—lie out-
side the bar and transfer their oil and bone
from the islands by lighters to the ships ? If
the Senator does not know it, as he shakes his
head at that suggestion, I can produce gentle-
men wljo have lived for years in the Sandwich
Islands, doubtless now within the sound of my
voice ; I can bring him the charts and the rec-
ords from the Navy Department that will con-
vince hitn of that fact. There is not a very,
great depth of water over the bar at Honolulu,
and all large vessels lie outside of the bar.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator state
the dcj?th'r
Mr. GRIMES. I do not remember the pre-
cise depth. Will the Senator state it?
Mr. CONNESS. Fifteen feet.
- Mr. GRIMES. Fifteen feet is not a very
great depth of water. We regard twenty-three
feet as an ordinary depth of water for a large
vessel to come in. Fifteen feet is a little less
than the depth of water across the bar at
Charleston, South Carolina, where we had a
great deal of difficulty in getting large vessels
across. We can carry in seventeen feet, as
the Senator from Mew Hampshire [Mr. Clakk]
reminds me, at Charleston ; and that we con-
sider a very shallow harbor. Is it possible
that the men who control the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company did not know what was
the depth of water across the bar at Honolulu
when they undertook to make this contract?
Why, sir, as I said before, one half of all the
whalers from Massachusetts and Connecticut
that frequent the northern Pacific ocean are in
the habit of lying outside the bar and having
the whalebone and oil that have been accumu-
lated in Honolulu transferred to tbem by light-
ers ; and it can well be done there, for the
climate is so mild and the sea is so exceed-
ingly pacific, that it is not once iii two or three
years, I am told by naval officers, that there
is u very heavy storm there.
The other reason assigned for the passage
of this resolution is, that a great saving of
time will be made if they are allowed to go to
and from the China seas without toHching at
Honolulu. I do not get my information from
any agent of the Pacific (Mail Steamship Com-
Eany ; but I am told by the naval officers who
ave been stationed there, and among them is
Captain Reynolds, of the Lackawanna, from
whom 1 have a letter to-day, that in the pas-
sage from San Francisco to Japan and China,
no vessel ever goes without passing in sight of
the harbor of Honolulu. The Senator from
California shakes his head. I suppose he does
not doubt but what I am so told by Captain
Reynolds.
' Mr. CONNESS. Not at all.
Mr. GRIMES. He has lived there five or
six years. On the way back from the China
seas to this country the currents and the wind
take them considerably to the north of the
Sandwich Islands, and, in some conditions of
weather, it would require probably from three
to four days longer to make the homeward
passage if they were compelled to touch at
Honolulu than if they did not touch there ;
but on the outward bound passage there would
be,no detention required, except just so long
as they chose to lie at the bar to connect with
the tug that might come down from the harbor.
The Senator, I think, told us that at the time
this company bid upon this contract last year
they, were not very well informed as to the cur-
rents and channels and winds in the Pacific
ocean. I do not think that is very creditable,
either to the company or to the knowledge of
seamanship and navigation that is possessed
by the people of this country. I think that
the currents and the prevailing winds across
the Pacific are tolerably well understood among
nautical men; If the Pacific Mail Steamship
Company did not know all about them at the
time they made their bid it was their own fault,
for they had the means of informing them-
selves. Nearly the whole distance across there
has been surveyed, and surveyed by our own
officers, by Commodore Ringgold and Captain
John Rodgers, and the dangers have been
pointed out upon the maps, and we know ex-
actly the courses of the currents and the pre-
vailing winds at particular seasons of the year.
If this Pacific Mail Steamship Company, at
the time they made their bid to carry this mail
for a -specific sum, did not know these things,
whose fault was it? It was not ours.
The Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads have appended to their report a letter
of the Postmaster General; and it will be ob-
served that great stress has been laid by the
Senator from California, in his argument, upon
the idea that it is necessary to release the Pa-
cific Mail Steamship Company from this part
of their contract because we want to have a
line that will make a quicker passage than the
British line is able to make across the Isthmus
of Suez to the East Indies, and if the Pacific
railroad was completed we would be able to
make a quicker passage.
Mr. CONNESS. We will be able to make
it without that.
Mr. GRIMES. Let us see what the Post-
master General says:
"In determining the question when the company's
steamers shall be relieved, if at all, from calling at
the Sandwich Islands on their voyages in either di-
lection, it should be borne in mind that, until the
completion of the Pacific railroad, the general in-
terests of commerce will not be materially advanced
by permitting the steamers to take the direct route
either way, as, prior to that time, the line between
China and Europe, via San Francisco and New York,
will not be an equal competition, in point of expedi-
tion, with the existing lines between JSurope and
China via Suez."
Now, what becomes of all that branch of
the argument? The Postmaster General tells
us that until the faeific railroad is completed
the interests of commerce are not going to be
materially advanced or affected in any way by
releasing the Pacific Mail Steamship Company
from their obligation to touch at Honolulu,
eUjher one way or the other.
Mr. CONNESS._ Will the Senator permit
me to say a word right there?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONNESS. The Postmaster General,
on the point the Senator is now making, is
considering the question of whether the short-
est voyage could be made now from Hong
Kong by this line to London or by the Isth-
mus of Suez, not whether the shortest passage
could be made from Hong Kong to New York.
If we release this line from the consumption
and waste of eight or ten days of time, we shall
at once, by the line from San Francisco, beat
the London time a great many days, and we
shall by that means get the teas that we now
receive from London by our own line, and in
a shorter time.
Mr. GRIMES. I can only tell what the
Postmaster General meant by what be said.
This is a paragraph that is entirely discon-
nected with any other branch of this subject.
The preceding paragraph is in these words:
"I have been furnished by the Department of State
with a summary of arrivals and departures of Amer-
ican vessels at the port of Honolulu during 1865, also
of inward and outward bound cargoes for the same
year, which is appended hereto, and from which it
will be seen that we have a profitable trade with the
Sandwich Islands, susceptible of increase by means
of direct steamship communication."
They propose to take off that direct steam-
ship communication.
" In determining the question when the company's
steamers shall be relieved, if at all, from eatling at
the Sandwich Islands on their voyages in either di-
rection, it should be borne in mind that, until the
completion of the Pacific railroad, the general intcr-
ests.of commerce will not be materially advanced by
permitting the steamers to take the direct route either
way, as, pric^r to that time, the lino between China
and Europe, via San Francisco and New York, will
not be an equal competition, in point of expedition,
with the existing- lines between Europe and China,
via Suez."
Now, Mr. President, will it not be well to
let this thingrest and let these contractors ful-
fill the terms of their contract for a little while
until we shall be a little nearer to completing
the Pacific railroad than we are at present?
One word, sir, as to the general American
interests at* the Sandwich Islands. I suppose
I am not as well qualified to speak upon that
"subject as some other gentlemen are ; but it has
so happened within the last three or four years
that I have every day almost been brought in
contact with persons who have been stationed
more or less of their time at the Sandwich Isl-
lands, and I can only give such information to
the members of this-body, in a sort of second-
hand way, as I have been able to receive from
them; and they are mostly officers of the naval
profession. A very large proportion of the
property in the Sandwich Islands is owned by
citizens of the United States, and, until within
the last eight or ten years, American interests
have been vastly in the preponderance there.
A few years ago the present King overturned
the Government, overturned the constitution,
and established a new Government, and this
new Government has been in the interests of
Great Britain.' He is childless. The next in
authority under him was the Princess Victoria,
of whose death we were notified a few days ago.
Next in authority, or whom the British author-
ities will seek to place on the throne, but who
is not really the heir apparent or entitled to
the throne, is the Dowager Queen Emma, now
in the custody of Great Britain.
Mr. SUMNER. Traveling in Europe.
Mr. GRIMES. In the custody of Great Brit-
ain, traveling in Europe. Now, the question
is whether or not, just at this particular junc-
ture, we ought to relax any of our efforts to
keep up a close and immediate communica-
tion between this continent and the Sandwich
Islands. I say there are political interests of
the highest consideration that should restrain
us at all hazards, no matter what it may cost,
from allowing a single tie to be severed that
can possibly bind us to the Sandwich Islands.
As 1 said at the outset, about the only thing
that was in connection with the whole bill when
it passed originally, that gave me any sort of
consideration for it, was the fact that these
steamships would be compelled to touch at
Honolulu, and by bringing us in immediate
contact and connection with our friends there,
it would serve to maintain them in their posi-
tion, and in some manner overthrow the Brit-
ish inte est that is so much antagonized to us.
As I said, I have spoken in this matter more
at the instance of persons whose employment
require! them to be in the Pacific ocean, and
spoken in a sort of second-hand way, so far as
the facts that I have been able to state are con-
cerned, because I know nothing of the country
myself. I have never been in the Pacific; but
I know that with one universal accord the whole
naval profession is in favor of keeping up the
closest possible connection with the Sandwich
Islands, and that every one of them with whom
I have spoken has urged me to prevent, if pos-
sible, the passage of this bill.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator told us at the
close of his remarks that the only possible con-
sideration which permitted him to look with
any favor upon the establishment of this line in
1865 was the stoppage at the Sandwich Inlands.
Then the argument that the Senator has made
was certainly to have been expected. The fact
that all the nations of the world that have been
from time to time enabled to control the^trade
of the East Indies have enriched themselves in
proportion to that control, had escaped the
honorable Senator's attention; and the attempt
in modern times to grasp that and control ,it
