182
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 2$,
Senate.
Representation of Southern States—Mr. Sherman.
39fh Cong.... 1st Sess.
will not acquiesce in that demand. They will
not waste their energies and their money in
enforcing so impossible a proposition. There-
fore, without going into its merits, I say it is
simply proposing that which we cannot adopt.
I beg Senators not to let the protection that
is due to the negrcies of the southern States
depend upon the narrow foundation of a con-
gressional enactment. Suppose you were to
pass the law proposed by the Senator from
Massachusetts, how longwould it remain on the
statute-book, in the mutations of parties in this
country, where nothing is more unstable than
party power, especially where no great princi-
ples are immediately at stake? How long
would it be before a dominant majority in Con-
gress would repeal your law, and then you would
have wasted all your power to change the basis
of representation and to protect the freedmen
of the southern States ? What I desire now is
to secure a just and fair basis of representation
so that the South may have a reasonable share
of political power, no more, no less. Then
after their representatives have been tried
by the tests of loyalty that you may prescribe
—let them be reasonable, moderate, kind, for-
bearing—then I hope to see these States come
backinto their old places in the Union, shorn of
their treason, shorn of their power; equal with
us, no better, no worse; white men and white
women and white children, on the same foot-
ing, side by side, acting in harmony "with each
other in adopting legislation for the good of our
great country.
let us be moderate.
Such is my view of the subject, and although
I shall probably take no part in the debate upon
it, but will vote for almost any basis of repre-
sentation that changes the present one, I do
say it is the duty of Congress to adopt some
mode by which the basis of representation may
be put upon a safe foundation. Sir, the peo-
ple of the United States now demand of us wis-
dom and moderation. This is not the time for
extreme counsels. It is not th(?5me to attempt
great reforms and works. We have just gone
through a terrible war, with an overwhelming
debt staring us in the face. We have to tax
our people to a greater extent than they have
ever been taxed before. We have complicated
political relations growing out of the condition
of the southern States. Do the best we can,
we shall have trouble and contention and strife.
We know that lawlessness and crime are spread-
ing with giant footsteps all over the southern
States. We know that the race that we have
redeemed from bondage is now held in fierce
terror all over the South. We know that we
owe them protection, and we are bound to pro-
tect ourselves against undue power of traitors
ill the southern States. We have to guard our
councils against the machinations of traitors
here and elsewhere.
I say now is no time to quarrel with the Chief
Magistrate of the United States, unless we are
compelled to do so by his base betrayal of the
obligations he imposed upon himself when he
became our candidate. It is a time for moder-
ation and for wisdom. _ Sir, I would not plead
for it; but 1 believe it is absolutely necessary,
not only for our existence as a party, but for our
existence as a nation. I fear the storm. I fear
straggles and contentions in these eleven States,
unless there is some mode by which the local
power of those States may be put in loyal hands,
and by which their voices may be heard here
in council and in command, in deliberation and
debate as of old. They will come back here
shorn of their undue political power, humbled
in their pride, with a consciousness that one
man bred under free institutions is as good at
least as a man bred under slave institutions. I
want to sec the loyal people in the South, if they
are few, trusted ; if they are many, give thern
power. Prescribe your conditions; but let
them come back into the Union upon such
terms as you may prescribe. Open the door
for them. ' I hope to see some great spectacle
of punishment, some grand tribunal erected to
try, not merely Jefferson Davis, but-in his per-
son to try-the rebellion, to condemn it before
the civilized world; the sentence to be recorded
in the pages of history, not as the sentence of
death merely against '1 an old man broken with
the storms of State," but as the ignominious
sentence of a free people against the worst re-
bellion ever inflicted on mankind. Bnt that
over, I do hope that without more bloodshed,
of which we have had enough, we may see 'har-
mony restored in this great Union of ours; that
all these States and all these territories may
be here in council for the common good, and
that at as speedy a moment as is consistent
with the public safety.
ohio a5d indiasa.
Before I conclude, allow me to read two sets
of resolutions framed since we have been en-
gaged in this debate, and which receive my
hearty approval: one passed by the Union party
of the State of Indiana, and the other reported
to the Union members of the Legislature of
Ohio, and which, 1 believe, will receiye their
sanction. The Indiana Union convention
passed the following resolutions:
" Resolved, That itis thoprovinee of the legislative
branch of the Government to determine the question
of reconstruction, and in the exercisfe of that power
Congress should have in view the loyalty of the peo-
ple of those States, and their devotion to the Consti-
tution and obedience to the laws. Until the people
of these States prove themselvesloyalto the Govern-
ment they should notbe restored to the rights enjoyed
before the rebellion.
"Resolved. That no man who voluntarily partici-
pated in the rebellion ought to be admitted to a seat
in Congress, and under the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States the power to determine the qualifications
requisite of electors rests with the States respect-
ively.
"Resolved, That the Union of these St ates lias not
and cannot be dissolved except by successful revolu-
tion." ^
I now present and read kindred resolutions
reported to the Unipn members of the Ohio
Legislature recently by a committee of their
own number:
"Resolved, That the President, Andrew Johnson, in
demanding of the revolted States the repeal of their
ordinances of secession, the repudiation of their rebel
war debts, and the adoption of the amendment of the
Constitution abolishingslavcry before he would with-
draw the military control of the provisional govern-
ments, wisely inaugurated the necessary measures of
reconstruction, that can only be completed by Con-
gress and the States by the adoption of a farther con-
stitutional amendment apportioning representation
in Congress among the States according to the num-
bers of those classes thereof who, by the laws of such
States, have a voice in such representation; and that
while the safety of the nation and justice to all its
parts require that these States should be admitted
only with such representation, we deemit inexpedient
and unnecessary to press upon them other conditions
to a full restoration to their place and rights in the
union.
"Resolved, That we deem it th e duty of Congress to
provide by just and prudent but effective legislation
for the protection of the freedmen.
" Resolved, That we respectfully and earnestly urge
upon Congress and the President to waive extreme
opinions, and that in the discharge of the greattrust
confided to them by the nation they harmoniously
provide for us the ways of future concoid and the
moderate but effectual measures of a lasting recon-
struction."
I will also read from a private letter which I
have received from a distinguished citizen of my
State, expressing an opinion in which I heartily
concur:
" Our party is now in the hour of its trial, and it
needs to gam strength by prudence rather than prod-
igally wasted by the very extravagance of rashness
We can never maintain ourselves against the Presi-
dent or anybody else upon a policy of indefinite and
unconditional exclusion of the southern States es-
tablishing a Hungary or Poland in the midst of the
Kepublie. We. must rather, in my judgment, offer
immediate admission to the rebel States upon terms
clear, distinct, and announced, and show to ourpeonle
that it is not revenge but safety that we want."
resumfi.
I have thus, Mr. President, endeavored to
show that to this hour no act has been done by
the President inconsistent with his obligations
t0 the great Union party that elected him.
Differences lutveariseiij but they have arisen
upon new questions, not within the contempla-
tion of either the Union party or the Union
Eeople when the President was nominated. I
ave also shown that he has acted in pursuance
of a policy adopted by Mr. Lincoln, and ap-
proved by the people, and that no event has
yet transpired that will preclude him from a
hearty cooperation with the great mass of the
Union party in securing to the country the ob-
ject for which we conducted successfully a great
war. That events have transpired, that utter-
ances have been made tending in that direction,
no one will deny. The surest evidence is in the
joy of the worst enemies of the country over
our divisions.
I find in a recent paper this significant para-
graph :
Democratic Demonstration at Dayton.
Dayton, Ohio, February 20.
The Democracy of Dayton had a jollification over
President Johnson's veto of the Freedmen's Bureau
bill this afternoon, firing one hundred guns. Mr.
Vallandigham made a brief speech, saying the De-
mocracy did not elect President Johnson, but it is
now their duty to stand by him. He announced a
mass meeting in future for exultation. A flag floats
from Mr. Vallandigham's window.
Mr. CRESWELL. May I ask what kind of
a flag?
Mr. SHERMAN. I cfo not know; a good
flag in bad hands, I suppose.
Sir, I can imagine no calamity more disgrace-
ful than for lis by our divisions to surrender, to
men who to their country were enemies in war,
any or all of the powers of this Government.
He who Contributes in any way to this result
deserves the execrations of his countrymen.
This may be done by thrusting upon "the Presi-
dent new issues on which the well-known prin-
ciples of his life do notagree with the judgment
of Ms political associates. It may be done by
irritating controversies of a personal character.
It may be done by the President turning his
back upon those who trusted him with liigh
power, and thus linking his name with one of
the most disgraceful in American history, that
of John Tyler. I feel an abiding confidence
that Andrew Johnson will not and cannot do
this; and, sir, who will deny that the overbear-
ing and intolerant will of Henry Clay contrib-
uted very much to the defection of John Tyler?
But the division of the Whig party was an event
utterly insignificant in comparison with the evil
results of a division in the Union party. Where
will be the four million slaves whom by your
policy you have emancipated ? What would be
their miserable fate if now surrendered to the
custody of the rebels of the South ? Will you,
by your demand of universal suffrage, destroy
the power of the Union party to protect them
in their dearly purchased liberty ? Will you, by
new issues upon which you know you have not
the voice of the people, jeopard these rights
which you can by the aid of the Union party
secure to these freedmen? We know that the
President cannot, will not, and never agreed to,
unite with us upon the issues of universal suf-
frage and dead States. No such dogmas were
contemplated, when, for his heroic services in
the cause of the Union, we placed him side by
?inf Wlt^ ^r" Lincoln as our standard-bearer.
Why, then, present these issues? Why decide
upon them? Why not complete the work so
gloriously done by our soldiers by securing
union and liberty to all men without distinc-
tion of color, leaving to the States, as before,
the question of suffrage.
Sir, the curse of (xod, the maledictions of
rmlhons of our people, and the tears and blood
oi new-made freemen will, in my judgment,
rest upon those who now for any cause destroy
the unity of the great party that has led us
through the wilderness of war. We want now
peace and repose. We must now look to our
public credit.^ V\ c have duties to perform to
the business interests of the country in which
we need the assistance of the President. We
have every motive for harmony with him and
with each other, and for a generous and ruanly
