54S
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
January 31,
dition was the same as- to these reserved powers
after the adoption of the Constitution as before.
The people of each State constituted a sot- i
ereigaty before the adoption of that inslru- j
ment. Thoy were equally sovereign over the j
reserved rights after its adoption, and they can- j
not be taken away, except by the will of caeh
State, unless there he something in the Consti-
tution to authorize it; for a State, like an indi-
vidual, cannot be bound further than it agrees to
bind itself. Have the States parted with their
absolute control over these reserved rights by
agreeing to the power to amend the Federal
donstitution? if so, then these powers were
not reserved absolutely, but only retained until
the'Federal majorities as represented by two
thirds of Congress and three fourths of the
States may choose to transfer them, against the
will of the people of a State, or it may be one
fourth of the States, from the respective States
to the Federal Government. This point ought
to be settled by the Constitution, and T think
it is. We find therein two provisions bearing
directly upon the power of amendment. The
first is the fifth article, and is in these words:
" The Congress, whenever t wo thirds of both Houses
shall deem it necessary, shall propose amendments 1 o
this Constitution, or, on the application of the Legis-
latures of two thirds of tho several States, shtill call a
convention forproposingamendments, which in either
case, shall bo valid to all intents and purposes, as part
of this Constitution, when ratified by the Legislatures
of three fourths of the several States, or by conven-
tions in three fourths thereof, as the one or the other
mode of ratification may be proposed by the Congress :
Provided, That no amendment which may be made
prior to the year 1803 shall in any manner affect the
first and fourth clauses in the ninth sect ion of thctirst
article; and that 110 State, without its consent, shall
be deprived of its equalsulfra^'e in the Senate."
And the other is the tenth amendment, and
in the following words:
"The powers not delegated to the United States by
the Constitution, nor pioliibited by it to the States,
are reserved to tho States respectively, or to the peo-
ple."
The tenth amendment fixes the type of lim-
itation upon the organic law, and make.t the
Federal Government one of delegated and not
original powers. We are not. therefore, to
take any power by inference. The power to
be exercised must bo clearly expressed in the
Constitution, or wo cannot take it. We have
in the fifth article of the Constitution the right
to amend, for such is the word used, but not to
make anew. It .would not be an amendment
to abolish this Constitution and adopf the old
Articles of Confederaiiou. ortheunwrilleu con-
stitution of England, or the laws and customs
of France or Hussia.
An amendment must, therefore, bo of some-
thing germane to the instrument; it must be of
something which we already have in the Consti-
tution or it is not an amendment., but the making
of anew Constitution, and would only be binding
upon such States as agree lo be bound by it.
and could not become a part of the Const il ut ion
until every State should adopt Ihe simc. If one
State should refuse its consent, it would not,
by virtue of our Constitution, be binding upon
any, because while that in.sf rument provided that
when it should be ratified by nine State-, it
should be binding upon the nine, it made 110
provision either for making a new Constitution,
nor for its own destruction.
This view would limit the amendatory power
of the Constitution to the scope of the delegated
powers from the States lo the Federal Govern-
ment, and prohibit the taking of any powers not
delegated: and that the men who made the Con-
stitution so understood it is shown by the instru-
ment itself. Tho iirst exception to the to a
power of amendment, in tho fifih article, refers
delegated power.—the right to control foreign
commerce. The second exception to the exer-
cise of the power refers to the manner of vot-
ing by States or 0 method of doing business
under the Constitution, and net a delegated
power. As germane to the general po\\< r lo
regulate foreign commerce, ;la aine'idiuout
could have b.'en made prohibiting the slave
trade before 18t)8, and for this reason a partic-
ular litiiiuuion upon the amendatory power of
the Constitution was necessary to" guard it.
As Su incident to 'the legislative power vested
in a Congress of the United States in providing
methods to do business under the Constitution,
it would be competent to change the Constitu-
tion by amendmentin such manner as to deprive
a State of its equal vote in tho Senate, and to
prevent this the second particular limitation is
found in the proviso.
From this it appears that the framers of the
Constitution regarded the amendatory power '
as applicable to'its delegated powers or grants
and its methods of doing business, and for that
reason made these exceptions to the exercise
of the power. These exceptions furnish the
rule for the exercise of the power of amend-
ment. Under this rule you may so modify the
Constitution by amendment in its delegated
powers and methods of doing business as to |
give it upon its own principles a more complete I
effect. I
This construction would give sufficient scope j
and influence to the power of amendment in i
the fifth article. It can act upon any and all j
of the delegated powers. Two thirds of Con- j
gress and three foarths of the States may so j
change the Constitution as to make the justices j
of tho Supreme Court elective. They might t
make tho office of President to continue for ten
01- twenty years. Under the power to coin money
and rc/ulate the value thereof, you might so
amend the Constitution as lo get power to make
a '-greenback'' a legal tender for the payment
of debts; and so 011 through all of the dele-
gated powers. But it is claimed as a fair rule of
construction, that denying the power to amend
in two particulars admits the power in all other
respects: and this is the correct rule, and the
men who made the Constitution so undeistood
it. and to avoid the opeiation of this lule. and
that there should he 110 implied ov constructive
powers in the Constitution, tlicv adopted the
tenth amendment, declaratory of its meaning,
namely, that " the powers not delegated lo the
I*nited Stales are reserved to the Stales re-
spectively or the people."
The tenth amendment was in lieu of the arti-
cle in th" Confederation providing for the sov-
ereignty of the States, and was placed there for
the express purpose of keeping the reserved
rights of the States from the control of the Fed-
eral majorities. And this restriction upon the
authority or scope of Ihc Constitution includes
its amendatory power, as well as all other pow-
ers and grants it contains.
Unless the scope of amendment is limited, it
is difficult lo see the use of the exceptions in
the proviso, or in what manner the restriction
attaches to the power of amendment in Ihe fifth
article. The amendatory power of the fifth
article in ihe Constitution is as much within the
geneial restiiclion of the tenth amendment at-
taching to all the other delegated powers con-
tained 111 the organic law as it is v. ithin the two
special limitations contained in tile proviso ;
otherwise the power of amendment could be
resorted to in defiance of the two special limit- '
ations, and they could he taken from file Con- J
sumtion by amendment. To assume this eon- ;
elusion would not do justice to the patriotism ;
or wisdom of the great men who made and 1
adopted the Constitution for tho welfare of this j
people. I
This construction affords abundant room and ,
scope for the amendatory power of the fifth j
article to act upon and modify any and all of 1
] die delegated powers, and gives a clear and 1
! distinct ofliee lo be filled by the tenth amend-
! ment. Each provision is consistent with tho ]
! other, and the Constitution consistent with
' itself'. For a period of more than seventy years
■ 110 other use was ever attempted to be made ;
of this power of amendment. The first ten
! amendments to the CoiiMituiion were only
^ declaratory of its meaning and in limitation
1 of It3 pov, cr. and stand as a bill of rights for
I the citizen or a perpetual protect against any
j cncroaehmcnt upon the reserved rights of the
' States or the people of the States. j
! The eleventh ani'mduK nt was proposed in
! ITii-l, and is a limitation upon the judicial power ,
! of The L' nited States. The twelfth amendment, :
I in 1803, was a change in th« mode of electing
the Vice President, preserving the system of
Electors as provided in the Constitution. It
would be competent for two thirds of Congress
and three fourths of the States to abolish the
Electors and provide for a direct vote of the
people for the office of President and Vice Pres-
ident by amendment; forit would be within the
amendatory power of the fifth article, as it only
relates to the delegated powers or a method
of proceeding as provided in the Constitution.
No attempt has ever been made to make a dif-
ferent use of this power of amendment until this
war uprooted and overturned tho foundations of
all law, and substituted the wicked passions of
angry men in their stead.
If the opposite view of this power be correct,
then there is no limit to the "power of amend
ment excepting the discretion of two thirds of
Congress and three fourths of the States, and it
renders the tenth amendment of the Constitu-
tion without force or meaning. This provision
speaks ofdelegated powers. What are delegated
powers ? 1 employ an agent to buy me a farm ;
lie acts under delegated power. Tho original
power is with me. and he must act according to
his power or he acts without autlioi lty. This pro-
vision also speaks of reserved rights. What 1
a reserved right taken away without the consent
of the party for whose benefit the reservation was
made 1 Was ever such a right ealleda reserved
right? A person may sell his farm and reserve
the minerals under the same with the power to
remove tliem, or he niav sell the minei als and
reserve the farm. Upon this simple principle,
which 110 one ever doubted, depends the title to
millions of property in my county alone. Yt hat
would 1 lie owners of those rich coal mines think
of reserved rights if told that they could be taken
from them v. ithout their consent ? And vet you
ignore their title by the construction which you
adopt to take reserved powers from the States
to the federal Government. Your construction
would enable you so to amend the Constitution
as to strike from the fifth article ihe words t,\o
thirds and three fourths, and substitute the word
majority; making our Constitution a more ba-
rometer to measure the ups and downs of party,
and worthless. The same power which v.ill
enable you to control the gathering of taxes in
a State would enable you to remove from the
Constitution the injunction that you shall guar-
anty to each State a republican form of gov-
ernment, and then abolish the Legislature and
the local or State courts, and then the State
itself. Then the American Congress becomes
what the British Parliament always has.been,
omnipotent, and the Constitution becomes an
instrument of original and 110 longer dele-
gated powers. Some of tho majority in this
House appear to talk as if there were rights re-
served to ihe States, but they do not stale what
theyaro nor where the rights of the Stales cease
and those of the Federal Government betcin.
Let them make the point where the Constitution
has. Those not delegated are reserved. It
cannot, be that a solemn provifion of the Con-
stitution, like the tenth araendmcift, was placed
there for no purpose.
No, sir, it was by this that tho framers of the
Constitution intended to seal tip the resened
rights of the States, as a miser does his wealth,
beyond the reach of profane hands. It lifts
flic Constitution above the filth of party poli-
tics and beyond the reach of party malice, and
makes it truly national; for nothing less than
the whole nation can change it in its powers.
Like the heavens, which are over all, and send
upon all the bright sunshine and showers, and
•• wiih the early and later rains v fill the earth
with rich bounties and blessings for all. and
yet is beyond the reach of all, so does this
place Ihe Constitution around and over all,
protecting all, and furnishing prosperity and
happiness and liberty for all, and yet is beyond
the reach of any le.ss than all. These amend-
ments speak of the right? of trial. Ihe qualifica-
tions of jurors, the rijjit of suffrage. It ' ie-'e
rights are not sacred, and sacredly reserved fo
the Siates, then we have none that are. '1 hese
are the richest jewels of ibis people, any oneof
which is of more value than all the gems that
