1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2573
move a vote of censure upon the member from
New York, [Mr. ClIANLER.]
Mr. CHANLER. I would like to offer a
resolution censuring the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Schenck;] but I suppose, as liis party
is in the majority, it would be a useless pro-
ceeding.
Mr. Speaker, I have another resolution which
I desire to offer.
Tlie SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
gentleman from New York offering another
resolution? ,
Several Members objected.
tax on notes of state banks.
Mr. DAVIS. I offer the following resolu-
tion, on which i demand the previous question:
Resolved, That tho Comrnitteeon Banking and Cur-
rency be directed to inquire into the expediency of
repealing in whole or in part the tax imposed by law
on tho circulating notes of State banks after July 1,
1866; and that said committee have leave to report
at any time by bill or otherwise.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I object to that part
of the resolution which proposes that the com-
mittee shall have leave to report at any time.
The SPEAKER. It will require unanimous
consent for the adoption of that.
Mr. DAYIS. I modify the resolution by
striking out the words "at any time."
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
On agreeing to the resolution, there were—
ayes 35, noes 30 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. ELDRIDGE called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 45, nays 03, not voting
75; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Barker, Bergen, Bundy, Chanler,
Conklmg, Darling, Davis, Dawson, Dofrees, Denison.
Eldridge, Finek, Goodyear, Grider, Aaron Harding,
Hart, Holmes, Asahel w. Hubbard, Demas llubbard,
James II. Hubbell, Kerr, Kuykendall, Laflin, George
V. Lawrence, Le Blond, Marshall, Mercur, Miller,
Morrill, Niblack, Pike, Ritter, Rogers, Sclienck,
Shanklin, Sitgreaves, Stevens, Strouse, Tuber, Trim-
ble, Burt Van Horn, Henry D. Washburn, Whaley,
Stephen F. Wilson, and Windom—45.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, James M.
Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Baxter, Benjamin,
Bidwell, Bingham, Boutwell, Bromwell, Broomall,
Cobb, Cook, Dawes, Doming, Donnelly, Dumont,,
Eekley, Eggleston, Farnswortli, Garfield, Abnor C.
Harding, Hayes, Henderson, Hooper, Chester D.
Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, Ilulburd, Jenckes,
Julian, Kasson, Kelso, William Lawrence, Loan,
Longyear, Marston, Mol£ee, Moorhead, Orth, Tame,
Patterson, Perham, Plants, Price, William II. Ran-
dall,Alexander II. Itico, Rollins, Ross, Sawyer, Smith,
Spalding, Stilwell, Van Acrnam, Ward, Elihu B.
Washburne, William B. Washburn, Wclker, Wil-
liams, James F. Wilson, and Woodbridge—63.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ancona, Anderson, Delos
II. Ashley, Beaman,Blaine, Blow,Boyer, Brandegee,
Buekland, Header W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cof-
froth, Culiom, Culver, Delano, Dixon, Dodge, Driggs,
Eliot, Farquhar, Ferry,Glossbrenner, Grinnell, Gris-
wold, Hale, Harris, IXigby, Hill, Hogan, Ilotehliiss,
Edwin N. Hubbell, James Humphrey, JamesM. Hum-
phrey, Ingersoll, Johnson, Jones, Kelloy, Ketcham,
Latham, Lynch, Marvin, McClurg, McCullough, Mc-
Indoe, McRuer, Morris, Moulton, Myers, Newoll,
Nicholson, Noell,O'Neill,Phelps,Pomcrov, Radford,
Samuel J. Randall, Raymond, John II. Rice, Rous-
seau, Scofield, Shellabargcr, Sloan, Starr, Taylor,
Thayer, Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas, Thorn-
ton, Trowbridge, Upson, Robert T. Van Horn, War-
ner, entworth, Winfield, and Wright—75.
So the resolution was not agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
reconsider the vote just taken; and also move
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
_Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled bills and a joint resolu-
tion of the following titles ; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 567) to amend an act
to establish the grade of vice admiral in the
United States Navy;
An act (II. R. No. 511) imposing a duty on
live animals; and
Joint resolution (H._R._No. 133) relative
tt> the attempted assassination of thei Emperor
of Russia.
ohio contested-election case.
Mr. DAWES, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, submitted a report in the case of Follett
against Delano, accompanied by the following
resolution:
lie-solved, That Hon. Columbus Delano is entitled
to the seat occupied by him in this House as a Rep-
resentative from the thirteenth district of Ohio in
the Thirty-Ninth Congress.
The report was laid upon tho table, and
ordered to be printed.
message from: the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had passed a bill and joint reso-
lution of the House of the following titles with
amendments, in which he was directed to ask
the concurrence of the House:
An act (H. R. No. 280) making appropria-
tions for the Post Office Department during the
fiscal year ending 30th of June, 1867, and for
other purposes; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 130) carrying
into effect the bill to provide for the better or-
ganization of the pay department of the Navy.
Also, that the Senate had passed a joint res-
olution and bills of the following titles, in which
ho was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House:
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 88) authorizing
the Secretary of War to grant the use of cer-
tain lumber for a fair of a Soldiers' and Sailors'
Home;
An act (S. No. 127) for the relief of Jona-
than W. Gordon, late major in the eleventh
regiment of infantry; and
An act (S. No. 310) to change the place of
holding the courts of the United States for the
northern district of Mississippi.
censure op a member.
Mr. SCHENCIC. I rise to a question of
privilege, and submit tho following resolution :
Resolved, That John W. Ciianlek, a Representa-
tive from the seventh district of the State of New
York, by presenting this day a resolution to be con-
sidered by this House in the following terms: "lle-
solvcd. That the independent, patiioHe, and con-
stitutional conrso of the President of the United
States, in seeking to protect by tho veto power the
rightsof the people of this Union against the wicked
and revolutionary aet<s_of a few malignant and mis-
chievous men. meets with the approval of this Houso
and deserves the cordial support of all loyal citizens
of the United States," has thereby attempted a gross
insult to tho Houso, and is hereby censured therefor.
Mr. Speaker, I ought perhaps to have pro-
posed a resolution of expulsion, but did not,
simply because I doubted whether the member
from New York was capable of comprehending
fully the oifensiveness of the language used in
his resolution.
I have also, it will be observed, described
his insult as being not offered to the House
but attempted, that being about as far, I think,
as he was able to go.
Mr. ROGERS. I think the other side had
better expel him as they hardly have members
enough over there.
Mr. SCIIENCK. The occurrence was so
recent there is no necessity for argument, and
I therefore demand the previous question.
Mr. FINCK. It is too late to introduce the
resolution ; it ought to have been done at tho
moment; other business has intervened.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman will
refer to the rule he will find it refers to words
spoken in debate.
Mr. CHANLER. I hope the point of order
will be withdrawn. I do not seek any technical
protection.
Mr. ROGERS. Does the resolution reflect
on any person?
Mr. SCIIENCK. If the gentleman does not
comprehend it I cannot enlighten him.
Mr. ROGERS. It names no members of
Congress.
Mr. LE BLOND. I appeal to my colleague
not to insist on the call for the previous ques-
tion ; to let the resolution be printed, and lie
over for consideration and discussion.
Mr. SCHENCK. There is no possible dis-
cussion to my mind which can make this lan-
guage clearer than it is. It is a gross attempt
at a gross insult, which onlj7 falls harmless
because of the incompetency of the member
from New York.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. CHANLER. Is the member accused
to have no hearing?
The SPEx\KER. No debate is in order,
the previous question having been seconded.
Mr. DAltLIN G. 1 hope my colleague will
be allowed to be heard.
Mr. LE BLOND. I move that tho resolu-
tion be laid upon the table; and on that I
demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. SCHENCK. I suppose it is perfectly
proper for me to make a remark.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order
after the demand for the previous question.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I do not propose any
debate.
Mr. LE BLOND. Tho gentleman has cut
off debate himself.
Tho SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
Mr. ROSS. Is it in order to refer it to tho
Committee of the Whole?.
Mr. SCHENCK. I was about to say, by
unanimous consent, that I would have no
objection to the gentleman, who is named in
the resolution, occupying any time he wishes,
but 1 want no debate.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object. '
Several Members. Oh, withdraw it..
Mr. ROGERS. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE, I withdraw it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no ob-
jection. The gentleman from New York [Mr.
Cuani.er] is entitled to speak, by tho consent
of the Houso.
.Mr. CHANLER. Mr. Speaker, what object
lies behind the resolution of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Sciienck] it is impossible for me or
this House to discern. What motive actuated
myself in presenting that resolution I alone
know ; and 1'or him to assume and to declare in
the form of a resolution that the words which
I have presented to this House constitute an
insult to the Houso ; for him to make that asser-
tion puts the charge of offering the insult upon
himself. If he feels the sting, let him suffer.
I am not called upon to retract one word, and
not one word will I retract. What I meant I
will not reveal, for the reason that the words
of that resolution are so plain and simple that
no politically honest man, who believes in the
right of free speech and of free debate, and who
respects the privileges of this House, will for
one moment consider exceptionable, or fail to
understand as having a general political mean-
ing. If I did mean to insult this House it would
be a presumption far beyond any merit that I
have ever assumed to have.
When tho veto of the President of the United
States fell upon this House like a thunderbolt
he may have insulted this House. He may be
so charged by the partisans of those who moved
to sustain the previous question, and had he
been a member of either body of Congress he
would have been expelled for expressing the
opinions contained in his veto, as he is now
threatened with assassination, as he is now
threatened with impeachment, and as he has
to meet the hostility of the whole body of men
organized as a majority on this floor. But that
I should have the good fortune, through the
mischievous malignity of any member of the
House, by a resolution of censure, to be placed
in a position of champion of the President for
sustaining the policy of the Administration as
displayed by the acts of the Executive, I
am too proud to feel for one moment regret,
although utterly unworthy of the honor. I
meant not to thrust myself into a prominence
so invidious, and into a position which I do
not deem myself called upon to take, or capable
to maintain. The responsibility ol that position
belongs to those who elected the Chiet Magis^
trate. And if, because of tho conscientious
discharge of his duty, he is assailed here by
