§50
THE CONGRESSIONAL" GLOBE.
January 31,
and fifty -millions of the people of Asia, and on
the other to two hundred and fifty millions of the
.busy people of Europe, our vast agricultural re-
sources, our unestimated mineral wealth, the
magnitude of our rivers, and the natural wealth
of the country they drain, the capacity of our
people for enterprise, their ingenuity, and their
persistence, and who withal comprehends the
laws of political economy and social science,
ani believes that a free and educated people will
give practical effect to great truths, smiles with
derision upon him who sees danger to our
country in the complicated facts suggested.
I have before me, sir, the yellowed pages of
a pamphlet, printed in London in 1677, which
contains a panacea for all our ills, the sugges-
tions of which, illustrated by the experience of
our own and other nations, will, if applied to our
resources, bring permanent peace and pros-
perity to our" country, elevate the freedman into
the prosperous and intelligent citizen, bless
the njaster spirits of the South with wealth be-
yond their past imaginings, and give them,
"the mean whites,'' as they designate their poor
neighbors, as sturdy competitors in the race of
life; will reconstruct their broken railroads and
canals, rebuild their ruined cities, towns, and
villages, and make their barren and wasted
fields to bloom and blossom as those oftho fair-
est portions of the North, of Belgium, France,
or England.
This quaint old pamphlet was written by
"Andrew Yarrinton, Gentleman," and is en-
titled, "England's Improvement by Sea and
Land. How to outdo the Dutch without Fight-
ing, to Pay Debts without Moneys, to set at
Work all the Poor of England witli the Growth
of our own Lauds.'' It disposes very effectually
of the gentleman's [Mr. Vooriiees] proposition
that free trade "is the true theory of govern-
ment."
When Andrew Yarrinton wrote, the Dutch
were disputing the supremacy of the seas with
England, and she was exporting raw matciials
and buying manufactured articles; and one ob-
ject of his pamphlet was to relieve the. English
people from the taunt of the Uutch that they
"sold their whole skins for a sixpence, and
bought back the tails for a shilling''—a com-
mercial policy which the American people, with
rare and brief exceptions, have steadily pur-
sued. To Yarrinton and Sir George Downing,
author of the Navigation Act, an American by
birth, and a member of the first graduating
class of Harvard college, England. in myjndg-
ment, owes more of her wealth and power than
to any other two men, however illusi rious their
names may be in her history. Ucl'orc they in-
fluenced her counsels Holland was mistress of
the sea. But the Navigation Act and the em-
ployment of her people on the growth of her
lands, transferred the scepter l.o England. The
purpose of Powning's bill as declared in its
preamble, was "to keep his Majesty's subjects
m the plantations in a tinner dependence," to
" increase English shipping," and to insure
"the vent of English woolens and other manu-
factures and commodities." What Yarrinton
and Downing taught their country wo can prac-
tice for the benefit of ours. And as England
Outdid the Dutch without fighting, so can we
outdo her by the arts of peace, and enforce
the Monroe doctrine against the world without
firing a gun ; and, vast as is our indebtedness,
strangers will come and cast their lot with us
and liquidate it if we so legislate as " to set at
work all the poor of" the United States "with
the growth of our own lands.'' They will bring
with them arts and industries and implements
with which we are not familiar; will open new
quarries, mines, and ore banks; will buildnew
furnaces, forges, mills, and workshops; will
revive wasted lands and open new fields, and
by creating a home market will enable the.
farmer to practice skillful and remunerative
husbandry, and will create American commerce
by enabling our merchants to supply ships with
assorted cargoes of American goods.
THE OXE WANT OP OUR COUNTRY.
Sir, the pressing want of our country is men.
We need not sigh for additional territory. Wo
need go to no foreign nation for any product of
agriculture. Abundant as are our ascertained
stores of gold, silver, coal, iron, copper, zinc,
lead, cinnabar, kaoline, petroleum, and the in-
finite number of substanaes man has utilized,
the extent of our mineral wealth is unmeasured
and unimaginefl. And our ocean-bound coasts,
the immense inland seas that bound us on the
north, the land-locked Gulf that laves our south-
ern shores, and our grand rivers, impel us to
commercial enterprise, and proclaim the one
great want of our country to be man. Labor
alone can make these unparalleled resources
available ; and when by securing to industry its
just reward we shall develop and attract hither
from other lands a supply of labor that will make
the march of our conquest over the elements
of our wealth steadily progressive, our debt,
though expressed by the numerals required to
tell it now, will shrink into comparative insig-
nificance, and the Poweis which by treachery
and disregard of international law during the
last four years would have destroyed us, will
assume relatively Lilliputian proportions.
These are not new thoughts. So long ago as
1089, Locke, in his Essay 011 Civil Government,
said:
" bet any one consider what tho difference is be-
tween an aero of land planted with tobacco orsupcar,
sown with wheat or barley, and an acre of the same
land lying in common, without any husbandry upon
it: and ho will find the improvement of labor makes
tho far creator part of the value. I think it will be
bat a very modest computation to ~-:ty that of the pi u-
. u.of tile eai th useful to the life of a man, nine
1 ii'iitti^aro the effectsot'labor. Nay,if wewill mhtiy
consider thmss as they come to our use, anil east up
the several expenses about them — what in them i '
purely owini? to nature, and what to labor—wo shall
find tnatiniuost of themninoty-nino luiiidredtiisare
wholly to be put on thoaceountof labor. Therecau-
not bo a. c1 oarer demons tint ion of any! liin'C than sev-
eral nations of tho vVmerio.ms are of this, who are
rich mlandand pooriu all theoomtorts ot life; whom
nature having furnished us rich as any other peoples
with tho materials of plenty, that is a fruitful soil,
apt, to produce in abundance what raisdit serve for
food, la.iiueut. and delight, yet for want of linnrovins
it by labor have not one hundredth part of the con-
veniences we enjoy."
But to make labor fully available it must bo
steadily employed and generously rewarded,
and to secure these results the employments of
a country must he largely diversified. A nation
whoso territory is broad and remote from dense
populations cannot, by pursuing commerce anil
agriculture alone, prosper or endure. This is
the decree of nature. Land, as well as man,
requires rest and food; and a purely agricultu-
ral and commercial nation can afford neit her of
these. The social history of the world verifies^
t his proposition. To make a nation prospei ous
remunerative employment must be accessible to
all its people; and to that end industry must be
so diversified that he who lias not the strength
for agricultural or other labor requiring muscle
may make his feeble sinews available in some
gentler employment. Agriculture and com-
merce, iilford fewstimulanlsto inventive genius;
diversified industry offers many. Childhood ill
a purely agricultural community is wasted in
idleness, as are the winter months of its robust
men, and to realize the truth of the maxim that
time is money, the varied industry of a country
should offer employment to all for all seasons
of the year, that each day may be made to earn
its own subsistence. And herein is illustrated
tho harmony of interests, for where diversity of
employment is successfully promoted, agricul-
ture finds its readiest markets and earns its rich-
est. rewards: for within accessible distance from
the city or town the farmer has a market for
those perishable productionswhich will not bear
extended transportation, but the cultivation of
which, in alternation with white or hard crops,
strengthens and enriches his land. But of this
hereafter.
WHY THE SOUTII DEMANDED FUDE TEAPi;.
Unhappily, sir, it has not been the policy of
! those who have governed our country to permit,
■ much less to encourage, such needed di\ersi-
' fication of employment and productions. I
i have before me an imperial octavo volume cm-
i bracing more than nine hundred pages, and
illustrated with the likenesses of many distin-
1 guishod southern statesmen and teachers. It
is entitled " Cotton is King, and Pro-Slavery
Arguments, comprising the Writings of Ham
mond, Harper, Christie, Stringfellow, Hodge,
Bledsoe, and Cartwright on this Important Sub-
ject, by E. N. Elliott, LL. D., President of
Planters' College, Mississippi, with an Essay
on Slavery in the Light of International Law,
by the Editor." This volume, so valuable to
the future historian, bears the imprint of Prich-
ard, Abbott & Loomis, Augusta, Georgia, 1SG0.
And the title page announces thatitwas "pub-
lished and sold exclusively by subscription."
When this work was published, the establish-
ment of the southern confederacy was, doubt-
less, a foregone conclusion in the minds of its
publishers and their patrons; and there was,
therefore, no further reason for the southern
leaders disguising the purposes they had had
in view while governing our country in the
name of the Democratic party. I refer to it
in order that these distinguished writers may,-
for themselves, declare the aims and motives
that governed them. The objects they pro-
posed to attain are thus expressed under the
head of " Economical Relations of Slavery:"
" The opposition to the protective tariff by the South
arose from two causes; the first openly avowed at tho
time, and the second clearly deducible from the policy
it pursued; the one to secure the foreign market for its
cotton, the other to obtain a bountiful supply of provis-
ionsatcheap rates." 1 * "But they could
not monopolize the market unless they could obtain
a cheap supply ot food and clothing for their negroes,
and raise their cotton at such reduced prices as to
undersell their rivals. A manufacturing population,
with its mechanical coadjutors in the midst of the pro-
vision growers, on a scale such as the protective policy
contemplated, it was conceived would create a perma-
nent market for their products and enhance the price;
whf rem if thix manvftcturing could be prevented, and
a sit-, tern of free trade, be, adopted, the South would con-
stitute, thrprincipol provision market of the country, and
the fertile lands of the, JS'orth yujtpli/ the cheap food de-
manded for i/s slaves."
Again:
MBy tho protective policy, the planters expected
to have the cost of both provisions and clothing in-
creased, and their ability to monopolize the iorugn
markets diminished in a corresponding degree. ij
then could establish free trade, it would insure the A m< >
can market to foreign- manufacturers, secure the fore inn
market* for their leading staples, repress home manu-
factvre*,Jorce a large number of the northern men into
agriculture, multiply the growth and diminish the price
of provisions, feed and clothe their slaves at lower rata,
produce their cotton for a third or fourth of former
prices, rival all other countiies m its cultivation,
monopolize the trnde in the article throughout tho
whole of Europe, and build up a commerce that would
make us the ruler of the seas.''
Again:
"The markets in the Southwest, now so important,
were then quite limited. As the protective sy.-icm,
coupled with tho contemplated internal iiupro\ e-
ments, if successfully accomplished, ivould inevdahhj
tend to enhance, the price of agricultural produfti, while
the fi cc-trade, miti-intcrnal-improvement poltcjt uould
as certainlu reduce their value, the two systems wero
long considered so antagonistic that the success of
the one must sound the knell of the other. Indeed,
go fully was Ohio impressed with Ihe necessity of pro-
moting manufactures that all capital thus employed
was for many years entirely exempt irom taxation.
44 Lfc in vain that the friends of protection ap-
pealed to the fact that the duties levied on foreign
good^ did not necessarily enhance the cost to the con-
sumer; that the competition ainontr the homen.aii-
ufu'tnrcrs and between them and foreigners had
greatly reduced the price of nearly every article prop-
erly protected; that foreign manufacturers always
had, and always would, advanco their prices accord-
ins to our dependence upon them; that domestic com-
petition was the only safety the country had against
foreign imposition; that it was necessary we should
become our own manufacturers in a fair degree to
render ourselves independent of other nations in time
of war as well as to guard against the vacillations in
foreign legislation; that tho ^outh would be vastly
the gainer by having the market, for its products at
its own doors and avoiding the cost of their transit
across the Atlantic: that, in the event of the repres-
sion, or want of proper expansion, of our manufac-
tures by the adoption of the lrce-tradc system, the
imports ot toreign goods to meet the public wants
would soon cxcecd the ability of the people to pay,
and inevitably involve tho country in bankruptcy.
Southern politicians remained inflexible and refused
to accept any policy except free trade and the utter
abandonment of tho principle of protection^ Whether
they were jealous of the greater prosperity of tho
North and desirous to cripple its energies or whether
tho? were truly fearful of bankrupting the South, wo
shall not wait to inquire."
The author doubtless felt that it would be
sacrilegious to inquire too curiously into the
motives of the minister?! uf a monarch so abso-
lute as King Cotton, but wo. who do not live
in the fear of hia majesty, may freely, and not
