3534
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
wich Islands, appgarS to me to be the shallow-
est andnarrowest policy imaginable. I hope
that the Senate of the United States will not
adopt that line of policy.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not rise to enter
into this debate, but to state my recollection
on this matter so as to See whether I am right.
I think the-proposition to subsidize a line of
steamships between San Francisco and Hong
Kong was originally brought forward by a late
Senator from California, Mr. Latham. I do
not remember whether I was in favor of it or
not, but I recollect the debate upon that meas-
ure and the circumstances connected with it.
I was not aware of the bill that was passed last
winter, which was somewhat a modification of
the original proposition to which I have al-
luded, principally with reference to the size of
the vessels, I beiieve, until this debate sprang
up to-day. I remember that in the debate to
which I have referred the effecting of a rapid
communication with the Sandwich Islands was
dwelt upon as a great part of the plan, as im-
portant to this country, as important to our cit-
izens there and to our country generally, and
especially to the Pacific coast. Was it not so?
Mr. CONNESS. It has always been taken
into the account.
•Mr. FESSENDEN. Always, largely, as a
matter of very great consequence.
Mr. CONNESS. We are very much inter-
ested in it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That was one of the
arguments urged, and urged strongly, why wc
should subsidize this line. If was not only to
secure to us communication with China, but
constant and speedy communication with the
Sandwich Islands. Now, it seems that the
contract having been made with this company,
and they having undertaken for the whole
amount of this subsidy, half a million a year,
to do these two things for the benefit of the
country, to-wit, communicate regularly with the
Sandwich Islands and also with China, a prop-
osition is mado to release them entirely from
one important part of the contract, and at the
same time pay them the whole amount of the
subsidy. That I understand to be the object
of this joint resolution. Now, sir, if these gen-
tlemen went to work in relation to this matter
as business men ordinarily do, they calculated
these two elements: one was what would be
the cost of direct communication with China,
and the other what would be the additional
cost of that communication touching at the
Sandwich Islands on the way.
Mr. CONNESS. I wish to say to the Sen-
ator from Maine that so far from it being a gain
to the company to be released from stopping at
the Sandwich Islands, the contrary will be the
effect. It will be simply a gain in the great
enterprise, and not of money to them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is the opinion of
the honorable Senator. If this is not to be a
gain to them, I ask what their objection is to
doing the two things, both of which are of im-
portance to this country. Why do they want
to be released from one?
Mr. CONNESS. I have answered, because
• the trip will be so extended as to defeat the
great enterprise according to the scale they
have measured that they think it can only be
made a success upon.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not exactly under-
stand that. .These parties have made a con-
tract; they are not the only persons to judge
of the .commercial interests of the country;
1 suppose in reality this proposition came from
this company, or those connected witlf it, in
the first place. They held out this double in-
ducement to the whole country, that we should
be accomplishing these two great objects at
one and the same time, both of very great
consequence to the country. Now they come
forward and say that they desire to make this
change, and they urge this change on account
of what they conceive to be the great commer-
cial interests of the country and the honor of
the country in making a quicker trip. I do
not see how this is going to make the trip much
shorter in point of time, as it is said that it will
do, without at the same time saving a consid-
erable expense to the company.
Mr. CONNESS. I can answer the Senator.
Released from this condition, speed becomes
an object at once, and it will be necessary for
them to maintain their steamers at such a rate
of speed as to secure that object, which in-
creases in an immense proportion the cost of
running steamships.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not see how that
has anything to do with it. What security
have we that they will increase their rate of
speed at such an additional cost? If they have
got this much further distance to go, of course
it is important to them to have an increase of
speed in order to accomplish the purpose, if
they design to accomplish it in good faith.
Then they mean to tell us, "Unless you will
let us off from so much of the contract, and
pay us the same price, we will not try to in-
crease our rate of speed in such a way as to
accomplish the great object." I do not like
that kind of argument.
Mr. CONNESS. That is not what they say.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Put into plain English,
it seems to me that is the inference to be drawn.
If they came forward and said to Congress,
" On account of the commercial interests of
the country, or on account of our desire to
make a short trip, we propose to run an' inde-
pendent line to Honolulu; we can accomplish
that object in that way; we will not disappoint
the country in the two objects which we held
out as important to be accomplished ; we will
accomplish both; but instead of obliging us
to touch at the Sandwich Islands we ask you to
allow us to establish an independent line from
California to the Sandwich Islands," that would
bo another matter; or if they proposed that
we should take from their gross price the amount
needed to pay for such an independent service
1 could perceive some reason in it; but they
propose that the Government shall surrender
one of tho great objects which were to be ac-
complished, and that at the sametime they shall
retain the full amount of moneyfor which they
stipulated to perform both services. Notwith-
standing the energy with which my honorable
friend from California has urged it, upon gen-
eral principles it really strikes me that the prop-
osition itself is a very strange one; and I must
require more of argument and illustration and
more of facts before, having made a contract
by which two things were to be accomplished
for the benefit of the country, I agree to give
up one of them and yet pay the same price that
I originally contracted to pay for both.
Mr. WILSON. I voted, Mr. President, most
cheerfully for the establishment of this line
originally to accomplish the object set forth on
the face of tlieproposition which was then pre-
sented to us. That object included the touch-
ing of these steamers at the Sandwich Islands
where in a special manner the people of my
State are interested. It sometimes happens
that a hundred sail of whaling vessels are at
the Sandwich Islands at the same time, and we
are very much interested in having a commu-
nication with those islands. Now, I am will-
ing to release these parties from the obligation
of touching at the islands by making such a
deduction from the sum agreed upon as shall
be sufficient to put on a separate monthly line
from San Francisco to the Sandwich Islands,
or to allow them to do it. For that purpose I
move to amend the joint resolution by striking
out all after the word "that," in the third line,
and inserting these words:
The Pacific Steamship Company is hereby author-
ized to establish a monthly steamship lino between
San Francisco and the Sandwich Islands, instead of
touching at Honolulu as required by law with their
steamships carrying the mails between the United
States and China.
This is a simple proposit ion, which author-
izes the company to fulfill the contract already
made, or to so change it as to allow their steam-
ships to go directly to Asia, they putting on a
separate monthly line to the Sandwich Islands,
which will accomplish the same purpose as
though -the main lme stopped there. I think
the sum given is large enough to accomplish
both objects, and I believe it to be for the inter-
ests of the whole country that both should be
accomplished. My amendment leaves it with
the company either to touch at the islands or to
put oh a separate monthly line at their will.
Mr. NYE. I hope that this substitute will
not be adopted. A few years ago Congress
gave quite a laBge subsidy to establish the
Collins line of steamers between New York
and Liverpool, a subsidy that was worthy of
the body that granted it, and not more than
worthy of the object intended to be accom-
plished. That lasted a few years. The strug-
gle for trade between other countries and our
own was great. Just at the time whe sthe
Collins line of steamers was geiting along upon
a basis where it could stand, the Government
withdrew the subsidy, and the result is to-day,"
I believe, that our own mails are carried in
British bottoms to England by the way of Liv-
erpool. In the same way in nearly all our
struggles for the mastery in commerce, we
have been beaten in consequence of what I
regard as ill-timed penuriousness. If that
subsidy had been continued a little while longer
the result would have been that the Collins
line, which was the best line of steamers this
country ever had, would have been established
upon a firm basis, and to-day we should have
at least a fair share, if not the control, of the
trade with Liverpool. The result of that pol-
icy is seen in the fact that we are now employ-
ing British ships to carry our mails to Eng-
land.
I voted for this measure at the last session
of Congress for the reason that I regarded it
as one of the most important steps in a new
effort to seize the commercial advantages that
are presented by the trade of the great Pacific.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator allow
me to make an explanation here?
Mr. NYE. Certainly.
. Mr. FESSENDEN. I find, on looking at
the act passed last year, that the contract was
very definite. It was for a monthly line of
steamships of a certain description, capable of
making twelve round trips in a year. It was
for a line from San Francisco to a port in China,
"touching at Honolulu, in the Sandwich Isl-
ands, and one or more ports in Japan, by meads
of first-class American sea-going steamships,
to be of not less than three thousand tons bur-
den each, and of sufficient number to perform
twelve round trips per annum between said
ports." That was, the contract which was
made, and now the contractors ask to be re-
lieved from an important part of the contract.
The time they were to occupy, what they were
to do, what should be the description of vessels
used, is all matter of contract.
Mr. NYE. There can be no disagreement
in regard to what the contract is, and the truth
is that they ask to be relieved from a portion
of it, and the question submitted to the Senate
now is whether they shall he so relieved.
I remarked that I regarded the provision for
the establishment of this line as a great step in
what I hope will be a successful effort on our
part to enter into the contest with other na-
tions for the commercial mastery of that great
ocean. I know that at the time one of the con-
siderations was that these steamers should
touch at Honolulu. I regard it as important
now that we should have a line of steamers to
Honolulu; but of much greater importance do
I regard it that we should have this line of
steamers established for the great prime cause
for which it was intended to be established, to
control the trade of China and Japan. We are
not to achieve that without a great struggle.
Already the British Government have a lineof
steamers running to Panama; already have mil-
lions of dollars been expended by the French
Government on a beautiful line of ships from
Panama, to contest with us for the mastery
of that trade. It is not further from Pan-
ama to China, and I think not quite so far, as
it is from San Francisco to China,'by the
usual routes of sailing. If in the contest for
that great trade we arc to lose five days on
our outward and'five days on our inward pas-
