134
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 26,
Ho. of Reps.
jBights of Citizens—Mr. Ilogefs.
39th Oong....1st Sess.
lease, sell, hold, and convey real and personal prop-
erty.
Sir, I shall deal with these grave questions in
a spirit of candor, alnd with no disrespect to the
committee of fifteen as individuals, yet I shall
not hesitate to lay bare the wicked despotism
which is the result of the making and sustain-
ing such an unauthorized body who are Sitting
as an inquisition upon the liberties of the peo-
ple. My whole ambition is to save my country
and its liberties, and may God give me wisdom
bo to act as to further the great objects of the
war, and relieve an oppressed people from the
exercise of despotic power^ I want all errors
or wrongs on the part of the southern people,
growing out o,f the war, to be at once buried
forever in the deep ocean of oblivion. Great
disasters threaten us by the hands of fanaticism.
Let us remember that civil wars usually men-
ace liberty, and often end in its overthrow and
destruction.
No sentiment of disloyalty to the great doc
trines of self-government embodied in the
Constitution has or shall ever beat or throb in
my heart. To the maintenance of those doc-
trines I have devoted the whole of my time in
this body, and to them and the safeguards of
constitutional liberty I shall devote the balance
of my life. In devotion to and love of my
country, I will yield to no .man on earth. My
only hop^for liberty is in the full restoration
of all the States, with the rights of represen-
tation in the Congress of the United States upon
no condition but to take the oath laid down
in the Constitution. In the legislation by the
States they should look to the protection, se-
curity, advancement, and improvement, phys-
ically and intellectually, of all classes, as well
the blacks as the whites. Negroes should have
the channels of education opened to them by
the States, and by the States they should be
protected in life, liberJy, and property, and by
the States should be allowed all the rights of
being witnesses, of suing and being sued, of
contracting, and doing every act or thing that
a white man is authorized by law to do. But
to give to them the right of suffrage, and hold
office, and marry whites, in my judgment is
dangerous and never ought to be extended to
them by any State. However, that is a matter
belonging solely to the sovereign will of the
States. I have faith in the people, and dark
and gloomy as the hour is, I do not despair of
free government. I plant myself upon the will
of God to work out a bright destiny for the
American people.
Let old issues, old feuds-, and old questions
be buried in the past. New and living issues
are upon us. Let itbe said of us in this period
of our country's great trial and agony that there
was a band of patriots in this Congress, who
devoted their energies and their influence, re-
gardless of party differences, to strengthen the
arm of the President in his noble purpose of
restoration, and who with honest hearts strained
every nerve to make this a more perpetual
Union, knowing in that great work no North,
East, West, or South, andrememberingthatas
Christ gave His life to save a fallen world, so
did that noble band dedicate the part of their
lives in which they were engaged as guardians
of the people's honor to the forgiveness of their
brethren in the South, and the restoration of
all the States. With all the States fully rep-
resented, our future would be much brighter
than was that of our fathers who fled from
persecution in the Old Woild, and under our
Constitution commenced this present Govern-
ment, although we have a vast debt upon our
shoulders which, with a united country and an
equalization of taxes, we can very soon pay.
Whatever is done, let it be the act of calm,
dispassionate, and enlightened reason, exer-
cised for the best interests of all, ever remem-
bering that Christian injunction of doing unto
others as we would that they should do unto us.
In my political course my conscience is clear,
and I shall not be content until the bright her-
itage of our fathers is transmitted to their
descendants unimpaired/
•I know human nature is frail. We are not'
so constituted that we can all think alike. I
have no feelings against those-who disagree
with me, and my only regret is that they can-
not look at the' situation of our country from a
stand .above and beyond party. ' I have been
treated with great respect by those who disa-
gree with me, and feel bound to believe that
they are moved by honest convictions of duty,
and in all charitableness I am willing to accord
to them the same rights I claim for myself. Let
us treat our southern brethren with kindness.
They deserve our sympathy and support, for
sorely have they been chastened. God gave
His only begotten Son to save the world. Can
we not give up our passions and prejudices to
save the Union? When you refuse representa-
tion you dissolve the Union, prostrate the Con-
stitution, and erect an imperial despotism over
nearly one third of the Union. The despot-
isms-of Europe will shout over our fail, while
the people of Ireland and all the downtrodden
masses will shed tears, mingled with blood.
Holding eleven States as conquered provinces,
and the enforcement of taxes upon them, must
alienate all the affections - of the South, and
finally end in revolution and blood. Congress
has no power to dissolve the Union. I, cannot
join with northern disunionists in 'such an
abominable act. .
I call upon the people of the South to fill up
the ranks and make a more determined effort
to get into the Union than they did to get out.
Let the angel of love blot out the memories of
the past insurrection, and hover her wings over'
a united Union..
Who gav§ the Senate the constitutional power
to pass that bill guarantying equal rights to
all, if it is necessary to amend the organic .law
in the manner proposed by this joint resolution ?
This is but another attempt to consolidate the
power of the States in the Federal Government.
It is another step to an imperial despotism. It
is but another attempt to blot out from that flag
the eleven stars that represent the States of the
South and to consolidate in the Federal Gov-
ernment, by the action of Congress, all the
powers claimed by the Czar of llussia or the
Emperor of the French. It provides that all
persons in the several States shall have equal
protection in the right of life, liberty, and prop-
erty. Now, it is claimed by gentlemen upon
the other side of the House that negroes are
citizens of the United States. Suppose that in
the State of New Jersey negroes are citizens,
as they are claimed to be by the other side of
the House, and they change their residence to
the State of South Carolina, if this amendment
be passed Congress can pass under it a .law
compelling South Carolina to grant to negroes
every right accorded to white people there;
and as white men there have the right to marry
white women, negroes, under this amendment,
would be entitled to the same right; and thus
.miscegenation and mixture of the races could
be authorized in any State, as all citizensunder
this amendment are entitled to the same privi-
leges and immunities, and the same protection
in life, liberty, and property.
Will gentlemen upon the other side dispute
my position? I defy contradiction. Why. sir,
it says that the people of each State shall have
the.privileges and immunities of citizens in the
several States. What is a privilege? What an
immunity? Will learned gentlemen deny that
the right of marriage is a contract and a privi-
lege. Its souyee is the law of nature, whence
it has flowed into the municipal laws of every
civilized country, and into the general law of
nations. (Bishop on Marriage and Divorce, sec
tion 29.) The organic law says that no person
but a natuyal-born citizen, or a citizen when it
was made, shall be eligible to the office of Pres-
ident. This amendment would make all citi-
zens eligible, negroes as well as whites. For
if negroes are citizens, they are natural born,
because they are the descendants of ancestors
for several generations back, who were bom
here as well as themselves. The negroes can-
not be citizens in a new State iu which they
may take up their residence unless they are
entitled to the privileges and immunities of the
citizens resident in that State. Mbst of the
States make a distinction in the rights of mar-
ried ^oiiien. This would authorize Congress
to repeal all such distinctions. L
Marriage is a contract as set down in all the
books from the Year-books down to the present
time. A white citizen of any State may marry
a white woman ; but if a black citizen goes into
the same State he is entitled to the same privi-
leges and immunities that white citizens have,
and therefore -under this amendment a negro
might be allowed to marry a white woman. I
will not go for an amendment of the Constitu-
tion to give a power so dangerous, so likely to
degrade the white men and women of this coun-
try, which would put it in the power of fanati-
cism in times of excitement and civil war to
allow the people of any State to mingle and mix
themselves by marriage with negroes so as to
run the pure white blood of the Anglo-Saxon
people of the country into the black blood of
the negro or the copper blood of the Indian.
Now, sir, the words "privileges and immu-
nities" in the Constitution of the United States
have been construed "by the courts of the sev-
eral'States to mean privileges and immunities in
a limited extent. It was so expressly decided
in Massachusetts by Chief Justice Parker, one
of the ablest .judges who ever sat upon the
bench in the United States. Those words, as
now contained in the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, were used in a qualified sense, and
subject to the local control, dominion, and the
sovereignty of the States. But this act of
Congress proposes to amend the Constitution
so as to take away the rights of the States with
regard to the life, liberty, and property of the
people, so as to enable and empower Congress
to pass laws compelling the abrogation of all
the statutes of the States which makes a dig-'
tinction, for instance, between a crime com-
mitted by a white man and a crime committed
by a black man, or allow white people privi-
leges, immunities, or property not allowed to
a black man.
Take the State of Kentucky, for instance.
According to her laws, if a negro commit* a
rape upon a white woman he is punished by
death. If a white man commits that offense,
the punishment is imprisonment. Now, ac-
cording to this proposed amendment, the Con-
gress of the United States is to have the right
to repeal the law of Kentucky and compel that
State to inflict the same punishment upon a
white man for rape as upon a black man.
According to the organic law of Indiana a
negro is forbidden to come there and hold prop-
erty. This amendment would abrogate and blot
out forever that law, which is valuable in the
estimation of the sovereign people of Indiana.
In the State of Pennsylvania there are laws
which make a distinction with regard to the
schooling of white children and the schooling
of black children. It is provided that certain
schools shall be designated and set apart for while
children, and certain other schools designated
and set apart for black children. Under this
am endraent, Congross would have power to com-
pel the State to provide for white children and
black children to attend the same school, upon
the principle that all the people in the several
States shall have equal protection in all the
nghfs of hfe, liberty, and property, and all the
privileges and immunities of citizens in the
several States.
The effect of this proposed amendment is to
take away the power of the States; to inter-
fere with the internal police and regulations of
the States; to centralize a consolidated power
iu this Federal Government which our fathers
never intended should be exertdsed by it. All
men who arc honest, and love their country,
