1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
551
without advantage, consider the questions pro-
pounded.
And again, in connection with the assertion
that with slave labor they could not become
manufacturers, and must therefore remain at
the mercy of the North, both as to food and
clothing, unless the European markets should
be retained, the writer says southern statesmen
saw that—
" Combinations of capitalists, ■whether engaged inman-
ufacturing wool, cotton, or iron, would draw off labor
from the cultivation of the soil, and cause larqe bodies of
the producers to become consigners, aDd that roads and
canals, connecting the Westwith the East, were effect-
ual means of bringing the agricultural and manufac-
turing classes into closer proximity, to the serious
injury of the planters."
These honest and fearless exponents of the
free trade of which the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Vooiuiees] says the President is an advo-
cate seem to have considered the chief end of
man, that is, of all American men, save slave-
holding planters, to be to produce cheap food
for slaves; and in this book, so remarkable for
its frankness, we find a quotation from a speech
made by one of them, which runs as follows:
" U'e must prevent the inerenseof manufactories, force
the surplus labor into agriculture, promote the cultiva-
tion of our vnimjjroocd weiti'i u hauls, until provisions
arc so multiplied and redueedin price that the slave can
be fed so cheaply as to enable us to grow our suffar at
three cents a pound. Then, without protective duties,
wc can rival Cuba in the production oi that staple
and drivo her from our markets."
results 01' free trade.
Bythe persistent and domineering pursuit of
these ends by the South, and the unhallowed
spirit of compromise which always controlled
thoNorfh, the manufactures of the countiy were
destroyed; and the West (for great railway
thoroughfares had not then been constructed)
having been reduced to dependence on the South
for her market, consented with Pennsylvania,
New York, and New England, to her own ruin.
It may be that having deprived herself of any
other market, her poverty and not her will con-
sented ; but the story of her seduction and ruin
_ is thus happily told'in " Cotton is King:"
" The West which had lorn? looked to the Eai-'t for
a, market had its attention now turned to the South,
the most certain and convenient market for the sale
of its products; the planters affording to the tanners
the market they had in vain sought from the manu-
facturers. In the mean time steamboat navigation
was acquiring perfection on the western rivers, the
Kiuatnatuial outlets for western produce, and became
a means of communication between the Xortnwcst
and the Southwest, aswell aswith thctradc and com-
merce of the Atlantic cities. This gave an impul.-e
to industry and enterprise west of the Alieshanics
unparalleled in the history of the country. While then
the bounds of slave labor were extending from A lr-
ginia, the Carolina..". and (reoigia, wesbvaid over Ten-
nessee, Alabama, Mississippi, ond Arkansas,the area
of free laborwas enlarging with equal rapidity in the
Northwest, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and Michigan.
Thus wil lull these provision and cotton regions wcro
the forests clo.aroi! away or the prairies broken up sim-
ultaneously by those two antagonistic forces. Oppo-
nents no longer, they were harmonized by the fusion
of their interests, the connecting link between them
beins the steamboat. Thus also was a tripartite alli-
auce formed, bg irluch the western former, the southern
planter, and the Enqlish manufacturer became united ill
a Common bond of interest, tile whole giving their sup-
port to the doctrine of free trade."
With this unnatural alliance the work seemed
to he completed, and in verification of the
theories of the northern leaders of the_ Demo-
cratic party who, like the gentleman Iroin In-
diana, [Mr. Vookhees,] took their opinions
from the southern planters, the commerce of
our country should have rapidly expanded, and
Great Britain furnished a market for all our sur-
plus grain. But what.were the results? ^ The
laboring people of the manufacturing States
were soon without employment and living upon
past earnings. The deposit lines in our savings
banks ran down; the banks of discount and de-
posit lost their specie; merchants made small
sales, or sold on long and uncertain credits; and
sagacious men saw that bankruptcy impended
overall. The ruined people ot the Nortn and
Bast were unable to pay lor the products oi the
South or West. Large numbers of them, aban-
doning the callings to which they had been
trained, and in the pursuit ol'whieli while pri * le-
in" amply for the support of their families thv.v
oould have accumulated capital and added to
the national wealth and power, became unskill-
ful farmers on mortgaged land in the distant
West. England, no longer simply mistress of
the sea, but the commercial mistress of the
world, seeking customers who could pay for
what they purchased, bought her grain from
the Baltic, from Egypt, or wherever she could
buy it cheapest or with greatest convenience;
and the western farmer, having supplied the
coarse provisions that were required as cheap
food for the slaves, and more costly food for
two hundred and fifty thousand masters, saw
his wheat rot in the field, and consumed his
com as fuel.
But what was the effect of this free-trade alli-
ance upon the interests of the planters? Did it
enlarge their markets, increase the price of
their staple, and by a golden harvest to thorn
seem to compensate for the universal ruin in
which it. had involved the people of the North?
We will see. Had cotton manufactures in this
country been fostered, the manufacturers of
England and America would have been com-
petitors in the cotton market, and, as competi-
tion among buyers ever does, would have main-
tained the price of that commodity. But the
mad pursuit of cheap food for slaves had de-
stroved competition for the planters' product.
Their policy had given England and her conti-
nental rivals a monopoly of f lie markets of the
world for cotton goods. They had made England,
to whose ports the fabrieants of Europe went for
their supply, their only customer; and she, hav-
ing animmense accumulated capital which yield-
ed but small interest, while they were needy
debtors compelled to borrow, aud often at any
rate of interest, found herself in a condition to
control the price of their commodity. Perceiv-
ing the vast relative importance of a continued
supply of cheap cotton to an immediate return
of interest on the capital involved in one year's
supply, theEnglishmerehants accumulated cot-
ton to an extent that enabled them to decline
further immediate purchases from those who
were always in debt to their factors, and whose
necessities would soon compel them to sell at
any price. And the author from, whom I have
quoted so extensively gives us, on page 72 of the
volume, the legitimate result of the i'ollv of the
chief American party to the tripartite alliance
in favor of free trade, -when ho says:
" Cotton, up to the date when this controversy!had
been fairly commenced, had been worth^in the Eng-
iish market,.an average price of from 20 7-30 to 484-10
cents per pound ; but at this period a wide-spread
and ruinous depression occurred, cotton in 18-0 having1
fallen in England as low as liy-10 to 18 9-10 cents; per
pound."
Thus had free trade. the reign of which the
Democratic party is endeavoring to restore, ac-
complished its mission in the Cnited Stales.
Commerce, manufactures, and agriculture. in-
volving the merchant, the artisan, the iarmer,
and the planter, were all prostrato^ and at the
mercy of the capitalists of Great Britain, "whose
selfishness is only equaled by that ot the class
whoso arrogance and unreasoning will had thus
subjected the entire people of our country to
their control.
effect oi'1 free trade on the foott whites of
till-: south.
Mr. Chairman, having ascertained the result
of the planters' free-trade policy upon their own
interests and those of the people of the North,
let us contemplate the condition of the masses
of the people of the cotton States. I will not
detain you by any reference to that of the slaves
and free people of color. Other occasions will
be more fitting for that. ^ But on nearly one
million square miles of territory which the plant-
ers regarded as their exclusive domain, were
some six or eight million people designated
as "poor1' or uincan whites," to whom aye
accorded all the rights of citizenship, and T w:ll
inquire whether their interests had been promo-
ted by this policy, otherwise so unmitigatedly
selfish? Let us, in contemplating their condi-
tion for a few moments, do it, not^ irom our
stund-point, but through the eyes oi southern
men.
Mr. Tarver, of Missouri, in the course of a
paper on Domestic Manufactures in the South
and West, published in 1847, says:
" The free population of the South may be divided
into two classes—the slaveholder and the non-slave-
holder. I am not aware that the relative numbers of
these two classes have ever been ascertained in any
of the States, but I am satisfied that the non-slave-
holders far outnumber the slaveholders—perhaps by
three to one. In the more southern portion of this
region, the non-slaveholders possess, generally, but
very small means, and the land which they possessis
almost universally poor, and so sterile that a scanty
subsistence is all that can be derived/rom its cultiva-
tion; and themore fertile soil, being1 in the possession
of the slaveholder, must ever remain out of the power
of those who have none.
" This state of things is a great drawback and bears
heavily upon and depresses the moral energies of the
poorer classes." * * * " The acquisition
of a respectable position in the scale of wealth appears
so difficult, that they decline the hopeless pursuit,
and many of them settle down into habits of idleness,
and become the almost passive subjects of all its con-
sequences. And I lament to say that I have observed
of late vears that an evident deterioration is taking
place in this part of the population, the younger por-
tion of it being less educated, less industrious, and m
every point of view less respectable, than their an-
cestors."
Governor Hammond, when addressing the
South Carolina Institute in 1850, spoke of this
portion of the people of the South when he
said:
" Thcv obtain a precarious subsistence by occasional
i jobs by hunting, by fishing, by plundering fields or
' folds and too often by whatisinitseffectsfarworse—^
trading with slaves, and seducing them to plunder for
their benefit.''
William Gregg, Esq., when addressing the
same Institute in 1851, said :
" From the best estimate that I have been able to
make, I put down the white people, who ought to
work, and who do not, or who are so employed as to be
wholly unproductive to the State, atonehundrcd and
twenty-five thousand." -<*.**' Bythis
ii appears that but one fifth of thepresentpoor whites
of our State would be necessary to operate one million
spindles." * * * "1 have long been
under the impression, and every day's experience has
strengthened my convictions, that the evils exist m
the wholly neglected condition of this class of persons.
Any man who is an observer of things could hardly
pn«s through our country without being struck with
the fact that all the capital, enterprise, and lntelli-
: gonce is employed in diieetiug slave laoor; and the
' consequence is that a large portion of our poor white
people arc wholly neglected, and arc suffered to while
away their existence m a state but one step m ad-
vance of the Indian of the forest."
Hon. J. IL Lumpkin, of Georgia, in a paper
on the Industrial Regeneration of the South,
published in 1852, in advocacy of manufactur-
ing establishments which had been attempted
in Georgia, and the establishment of which had
been resisted on the ground that they would
become hot-beds of crime and endanger the
safety of slavery, said:
" It i? objected that these manufacturing establishr
merits will become the hot-beds of crime." • *
** "33ut I am by no means ready to concede
that our poor, degraded, half-ted, halt-clothed, and
ignorant population—without Snbhalhschools or any
other land of instruction, mental or moral, or without
any just appreciation ot character—will be injured by
giving them employment which will bringthem unde^r
the oversight oi employers who will inspire them with,
self-respect by taking an interest in their welfare.
Down to that time free trade had certainly
done but little to bless the poor white people of
the South. Nov does it seem from recent de-
scriptions, and from our observation of them in
military prisons and hospitals, to have mate-
rially benefited them down to the present day.
J. K. G-ilmore, Esq., "Edmund Kirke," in his
discourse on the social and political character-
istics of the southern whites, before the Jersey
City Literary Association, estimated the number
known as the "mean whites" at over four mil-
lions, and described them as " herding together
in sparse communities and gleaning a sorry sub-
sistence from hunting, fishing, and poaching,
in the mountain districts of Virginia, upper
Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi, and in the sand
hills of Korth Carolina and thebarrensofTcn-
nessee, and throughout the rest of the South;
.as hovering around the borders of large plan-
tations, quartering themselves upon the 'chiv-
alry.' stealing the deer from their forests and the
hams from their smoke-houses." He said they
were tolerated by the planters for the two hun-
dred thousand votes i hey gave for slavery andtho
madtheorks of thoplanters, and added, f"ey
are lar below the slaves in morals and civiliza-
tion ; are indolent, shiftless, thieving Ivmg;
