1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1615
spector general of the Siateof New York, against the
passage of the Senate bill No.,Ill, for the reorganiza-
tion of the militia.
By Mr. BANKS: The memorial of Nathaniel
Thayer, (xeorge B. Upton, J. W. Brooks, S. T. Dana,
and others, merchants of Boston, for an increase of
duty on copper.
Also, a memorial of Phoenix Copper Company, and
other mining companies; Bay State Mining Com-
pany, and other mining companies, for an increase
of duty on copper.
By Mr. BAXTER: The petition of Ira 0. Lock-
wood, and others, of St. George, Chittenden county,
Vermont, asking additional duties on foreign wool.
By Mr. BBAMAN: The petition of M. Johnson,
and others, citizens of Michigan, praying that in-
creased duties may be imposed on copper, copper
ores, and manufactures of copper.
By Mr. D^VWES: A memorial of certain citizens
of Springfield, praying Congress to exempt deposits
in savings banks from taxation.
By Mr. DENISON: The petition of F. B. Strecter,
and 31 others, citizens of^ Montrose, Susquehanna
county, Pennsylvania, asking Congress to enact just
and equal laws lor the regulation of inter-State in-
surances of all kinds.
By Mr. DONNELLY: A memorial of the Legisla-
ture of Minnesota to reimburse soldiers for loss of
moneys taken by the rebels in the late war.
Also, a memorial of same for a mail loute from
Little Falls to Alexandria.
Also, a memorial of same for a mail route from Sauk
Center to Fort Wadsworth, in Dakota Territory.
Also, a memorial of the same for an appropriation
for the building of piers and improvements of har-
bors on Lake Supeiior.
Also, a. memorial of the same for a military post at
or near Vermillion Lake, in St. Louis county, Min-
nesota.
By Mr. ECKLEY: The petition of 500 wool-growers
of Columbiana county, Ohio, asking an additional
duty on wool.
By Mr. HALE: The petition of Sylvester Mung,
and 163 others, citizens of Essex county, New York,
lor increased protection to American wool.
Also, the petition of Philip S. Baldwin, and 71
others, citizens ot Essex county, New York, lor in-
creased protection to American wool.
By Mr. HOGAN: The petition of 371 cigar-makers
of St. Louis, Missouri, praying a modification of the
tariff on cisars.
By Mr, HOOPER, of Massachusetts : The memo-
rial of Joseph B. Eaton lor settlement of claims for
material furnished the mounted volunteers under
General Fremont in California
Bv Mr.ltriBBARD, of West Virginia: The petition
of Major James L.Simpson asking compensation for
damages to his property incurred by the action of
Fodoral troops.
By Mr. J. M. HUMPHREY: The petition of the
maltsters of Buffalo, asking that a tariff of only five
cents per bushel be imposed upon barley imported
from Canada.
Also, a petition of the manufacturers at Buffalo, for
arcductionof the revenue tax on manufactured agri-
cultuiai implements.
By Mr. MARVIN: The petition of G8 citizens of
Saratoga counry, New York, for an increase of duty
oil foreign wool.
Also, the petition of 51 citizens of Saratoga county,
.New York, for Ihe same object.
By Mr. MERCUll: The petition of 12 citizens of
Montour county, Pennsylvania, praying for such re-
vision of the tai iff laws as will pi olect domestic labor
and invite the investment of capital m home manu-
factures.
ALo, the petition of 43 citizens of Bradford county,
Pennsylvania, praying that no State lately in rebel-
lion be restored toits place and power as agoverning
partner in the Union until adequate security has first
been obtained.
By Mr. MORRIS: The petition of U. U. Gae, and
00 others, agams* tnc renewal of the reciprocity treaty.
By Mr. PlilCE: The petition of citizcns of the State
of Iowa, asking for^hc passage of a law for the regu-
lation of mter-State insurances of all kinds, and to
promote the greatest good and convenience of all
concerned in such transactions.
By Mr. SLOAN: The petition of J. B. Doe, and 61
others, citizens of Wisconsin, asking that Congress
will enact equal and justlaws legulating inter-State
insurances.
Also, the petition of Joseph H. Ainsworth, and 32
otlie.' , citizens of Wisconsin, praying that Congress
will enact equal laws for the regulation of mter-State
insurances of ali kinds.
By Mr. VAN HORN, of New York: The petition
of 181 citizcns of Wyoming ounty, New Yoik, asking
additional tarift on wool.
Also, the petition of John Hoffman Smith, of the
District of Columbia, for compensation for property
taken by United States troops during the late war.
By Mr. WARD : The petition of 321 wool-growers,
in the county of Steuben, New York, in favor of the
inoease of the duties on foreign wool.
Also, the petition of numerous-wool-growers in the
county of Alleghany, New York, in favor of an in-
crease of the duties on wool.
By Mr. WILLIAMS: The petition of Pittsburg, and
Boston, and National j\finingCompanies,forincreasc
of duties on copper and copper ore.
B> Mr. W1NDOM . A memorial of the Legislature
of the Slate of Minnesota, in relation to the estab-
lishment of a port of entry at Du Luih, in said State.
Al&o, a memorial of the Legislature of Minnesota,
for a law granting the full bounty to soldiers enlisted
for one year, who were discharged after serving ten
months or more.
Also, a memorial of the Legislature for the estab-
lishment of a weekly mail route from the town of St.
Peter to the town of New Auburn, through the towns
of Lako Prairie, Kelso, and Dryden, in the State of
Minnesota.
By Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois: The petition
of citizens of Whiteside county, Illinois, in favor of a
specific duty of fifteen cents per pound on allun washed,
and thirty conts per pound on all^yashed wools offor-
eign production imported into the United States.
By Mr. WRIGHT: A petition from HermannSehalk
and others, brewers of the city of Newark, New* Jer-
sey, in favor of the reduction of the duty on barley.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, March 24, 1866.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
bf the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
The SPEAKER. By order of the House,
the only business in order to-day is debate, as
in Committee of the Whole, upon the Presi-
dent's annual message; upon which the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Moulton] is entitled
to the floor.
personal explanation.
Mr. BROOKS. I ask consent of the House
to make a correction of the semi-official report
of our proceedings.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Moulton] is entitled to the floor,
and no other person can occupy the time of
the House without his permission during the
hour to which he is entitled.
Mr. MOULTON. I will yield the floor, if
it is not to come out of my time.
No objection was made.
Mr. BROOKS. If I recollect aright, never
before in my life have I arisen to a matter of
personal explanation, or to correct anything
which has appeared officially or semi-officially
in relation to the debates and proceedings of
the House. But in the Globe of yesterday
there is a report in some respects so erroneous
that I feel it my duty to call attention to it
briefly.
I do not refer to my own remarks, where
there is a slight error in astronomy, in regard
to Orion among the Pleiades, a matter which
is of little importance; though the reporters
are supposed to know astronomy, astrology,
and almost everything else.
But I rise more particularly to state that the
remarks of the honorable gentleman who fol-
lowed me, [Mr. Garfield,J which are reported
there as having been made to this House were
not heard by me; and as I understood them
they have been very incorrectly reported. It
is not for me to state how or where this report
is in error. It is a matter of comparatively
little importance to me, except to stand right
on the record.
Before I go further, I wish to state that in
the debate of the other day I stated that the
report of the majority of the select committee
made by Hon. Mr. Garfield, is signed only by
himself. In justice to the honorable member
I will state that by reference to the record I
find that "Mr. Garfield, from the select com-
mittee to investigate charges against the Treas-
ury Department, made the following report."
'She report was not signed; but it seems that
he had authority from the select committee to
make it.
The report of the minority was signed by
James Brooks, John T. Stuart, W. G. -Steele,
and John L. Dawson.
But the particular object for which I have
arisen, is to ask that the paper which I send to
the Clerk to be read be entered upon the Con-
gressional Globe, as a part of the record con-
nected with this debate.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Treasury Department,
Solicitor's Office, 1864.
Sir: I have the honorhcrcwith to transmitareport
made to me by Colonel L. C. Baker, together with a ]
number of affidavits affecting the conduct and char- ;
acter of S. M. Clark and l*. A. Henderson.
In accordance with yo'ir instructions I exhibited
thcbo affidavits to Mr. Clark, stating to him that I
did so by your direction, and in order that he might
have an opportunity to make such explanation or
reply as he should deem propei. Ilisieply tome was,
that as to anything alleged against him impeaching
his conduct or character as an officer of this Depart-
ment be denied it utterly; and that && to any other
matter, he scorned to make any answer.
I have fuuiher, in obodience to your order* called
before me most of the persons whose affidavits are
herewith transmitted, and made such Other inquiries
as it has been in ray power to make touching the
matter stated in the affidavit, and the result is an
entire conviction that the imost material of those
statementsare true, pai ticularly those contained in
the affidavits of Ella Jackson, Jennie Germon, and
Laura Duvall.
What action, if any, ought to be taken in view of
these facts, is of course not a question fox* me to con-
sider.
I have the honor to be, with high respect,
EDWARD JORDAN",
Solicitor of the Treasury.
Hon. S. P. Chase, Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. GARFIELD. Will the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Moulton] yield to me for a mo-
ment?
Mr. MOULTON. I will, with the under-
standing that it is not to come out of my time.
Mr. GARFIELD. I have nothing further
to say in regard to this matter beyond what I
htave already said. I am obliged to the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] for the
correction he has made in his remarks of Thurs-
day last. On that point I will only state that
my report was in the usital form or reports of
committees to this House. Reports are not
signed ; but some member of the committee is
authorized to make the report as from the com-
mittee. So far as I know, it is the almost uni-
versal custom to head a report thus: u Mr.
 submitted a report from such a commit-
tee and that is understood to be the author-
ized report of the committee. Such was the
fact in this case; I was authorized by the ma-
jority of the commitfee to make the report.
If I had not been so authorized, certainly some
one of the four members associated with me,
Mr. Henry Winter Davis, Mr. Wilson, of Iowa,
Mr. Jenclies, of Rhode Island, and Governor
Fenton, of New York, would have made the
correction at the time. No such correction
was made ; the report was made, as the record
of the committee will show, by their authority.
One word only in regard to the paper which
has just been read. That paper constituted the
chief element of the charges on which the com-
mittee proceeded to make the investigation.
As the result of their examination of those
charges, and of other charges brought before
them, the committee made the report which I
submitted. I will ask the Clerk to read, the
conclusion of that report.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" Iictolvcd, That the policy of printing public money
in the Treasury has resulted in a great saving of ex-
pense to the Government, and security againstfraud,
and the affairs x f the Printing Bureau have been
administered with marked ability and integrity.
"All of which is respectfully submitted."
Mr. GARFIELD. Then in addition there
is a report from Governor Fenton, in which he
states that he concurs in the report of the com-
mittee in every respect, except the reflection on
the New York Bank Note Company; so that
I made the report from a majority of the com-
mittee ; and there was not, so far as I have
ever heard, until the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Brooks] so stated, any dissent whatever
exccpt by the minority whose report-is on the
record.
I am entirely satisfied to leave the record as
it now stands.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. With the permis-
sion of the gentleman from Illinois. I wish to
put myself right in relation to this report, inas-
much as it seems that it was not signed by any
person. I did not concur in the conclusion of
the committee. I was not present at the ses-
sion of the committee when the report was
read. That report contains a great deal in
which, as I stated at the time to members of
the committee, I did not concur. If the report
had been presented to me for my signature I
should not have signed it. 1 do not concur in
a portion of the conclusion of the committee
as set forth in the resolution appended to the
report. As the case has been brought up in
this manner I make this statement, in-order
that I may be placed in a proper position upon
the record.
Mr. GARFIELD. I am very glad to hear
