136
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 26,
Ho. of Reps.
Rights of Citizens—Mr. Rogers.
39th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
blot from the flag of our country eleven of its
stars, and to allow none to even come in by act
of Congress, until it would ratify these abom-
inable, despotic, and accursed amendments to
the Constitution. This is wicked, pestilent,
and odious despotism. I say that the liberties
of France were no more invaded, when Napo-
leon sought to regulate the destinies of France.
The bloody acts of Nero and Caligula were not
conceived in a more determined hatred of law,
liberty, and order, than are the results of the
action of this committee. I do not believe they
intend to do wrong, but they are mad and know
not what they do. They are like John Brown,
who believed hq was -doing God's will in the
murders at Harper's Ferry. I know they would
not do an intentional wrong, but fanaticism has
made them delirious in their vengeance upon
the South. Do not inaugurate this spirit of
despotism within the portals of this Capitol
dedicated to the immortal Washington.
But of all the amendments that have been
proposed there are none so dangerous and out-
rageous as this.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I call the
gentleman to order; he is addressing the gal-
leries and not the Speaker.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. ROGERS. I have great respect for the
Chair, and if I turned my back it was not from
disrespect.
Mr. KELLEY. If the gentleman will allow
me I will show we are not either oppressed or
in any of the dangers that the French people
,jvere from Bonaparte or any other revolution-
ary character.
Mr. ROGERS. I yield.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask to read eight lines from
a book I chance to havein my hand at the time.
I will make no other speech. It is Thiers's
description of Bonaparte after his return from
Egypt.
" The general had not been above a week in Paris
when the management of affairs came almost invol-
untarily into his hands. In default of his will, which
 s yet was nothing, he was asked for Ms opinion. On
his part, ho affected, with his visual reserve, to with-
draw himself from the assiduities of which he was the
object. Thereweremanywhomherefusedtosee; he
showed himself but little, and went abroad only, as
it were, by stealth. His face had become thinner, and
his complexion darker. He wore, since his return, a
gray frock-coat, and a Turkish saber fastened to a
silken eord. To those who had been fortunate enough
to obtain a sight of it, this was an emblem that re-
minded them ofthe East, thePyramids, MountTabor,
and Aboukir. The officers of the garrison, the forty
adjutants ofthe national guard, and the staff -of the
pla-ce, desired to be presented to him. He delayed
from day to day, and seemed to lend himself with
regret to all this homage. He listened, he observed
everything, but as yet he opened his mind to none.
This was deep policy. When a man is necessary, he
need not be afraid to wait. He irritates impatience
of people; they hasten to him; and he has nothing to
do but to choose."—Thiers'1 s Hist. French Revolution,
vol. 5. pp. 4X1,412. London, X838.
Our Bonaparte does not, wait.
Mr. ROGERS. We have no Bonaparte.
We have a pure man. We have a man who
came from the humble walks of life, a man who
has never been bound down by the aristocracy,
a man who is the embodiment of civil liberty,
who believes that this Government was made
for the benefit of white men and white women.
[Applause in the galleries suppressed by the
Chair.]
In regard to this committee, I say that a more
fatal and bloody tyranny did not insult human-
ity when Louis XIV proclaimed his edicts than
through the operation of that committee is stalk-
ing forth over this country. The Emperor Ti-
berius harbored no more vengeance toward the
Roman people than do the radical portion ot
this committee toward the liberty and rights of
the people of America. When Charles I sent
his file of soldiers to the British Parliament to
arrest members of that body, he did not defile
liberty more than is proposed to be done by
these constitutional amendments in sweeping
away the civil, religious, and political rights of
the people of the States.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Will the
gentleman yield?
Mr. ROGERS. Yes, sir.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. The gen-
tleman has stated that tyranny, such as never
before hasi>een known in our country, has been
exercised hy the committee of fifteen. I desire
to ask whether he is at liberty to communicate
to this House the character of that tyranny ?
What are the doings of the commitee which he
thus characterizes?
Mr. ROGERS. I am privileged to speak no
further about it than what has already taken
place. But if the gentleman will look at the
amendments to the Constitution and the con-
current resolution declaring these eleven States
out of the Union, and requiring an act of Con-
gress to admit them; depriving by an amend-
ment a State from paying its own debt, depriv-
ing the States of representation unless they
grant unqualified suffrage to negroes, and this
present joint resolution, all reported from this
committee, and the assertion of the honorable
chairman [Thaddeus Stevens] that the com-
mittee had determined to admit the Tennessee
delegation until the President used his consti-
tutional power of veto, he will find the charac-
ter of tyranny to which I refer. It is more than
tyranny. It is treason to the Constitution', be-
cause it dissolves the Union. This concurrent
resolution has done more than all the armies
of the' South -were able to do. It drives eleven
States out of the Union, and it destroys the
representative character of our Government.
The object of the committee is to compel these
States to accept these despotic amendments
before they shall have representation. I am a
member of that committee, but it shall not seal
my mouth. I hope no southern State that ever
had independence will ever ratify such laws.
Before I will see the liberty of the people tram-
pled down through fanaticism and the Union
destroyed by radicalism, I am willing to resort
to arms as ojjf fathers did to defend our liberty
and our Union.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Will the
gentleman allow me to ask a question ?
Mr. ROGERS. Yes, sir.
Mr. RANDALL, ofPennsylvania. Thegen-
tleman has stated that he is not at liberty to
state anything in reference to the action or con-
duct of that committee, which he characterizes
as tyrannous. Now, sir, I ask the reason why
he is not at liberty to communicate that; whether
any additional secresy has been imposed upon
him by that committee in their proceedings for
the consideration of Congress.
_Mr. ROGERS. Enough has already been
said upon what the committeehave reported to
show what ithasdone. Did notthe honorable
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,]
a man for the honesty of whose opinions I have
great respect, although I disagree with him.
say the other day that because the President of
the United States, in the exercise of constitu-
tional power had seen fit to put his veto upon
an odious and despotic act of this Congress, the
committee had changed their mind upon the
question of allowing the gallant, loyal members
from the State of Tennessee to take their seats
in this Hall? Why, sir, what is despotism,
what is tyranny, what is disunion, unless such
conduct as this constitutes them, conduct that
obliterates from our flag eleven stars, repre-
senting eleven States in the American Union ?
What more could secession, rebellion, insur-
rection, invasion, and revolution do? I do
not speak in disrespect of the members of that
committee as individuals, but am condemning
their political action, which is fairly open to the
criticism of any member. I feel it my duty to
warn the people of the dangers emanating from
this star-chamber committee.
Mr. KELLEY. I desire to ask the gentle-
man a skuple question.
Mr. ROGERS. I will yield for a question.
Mr. KELLEY. "'The gentleman says that
the committee proposes to prevent the States
from paying their debts. I desire to ask him
what debts it is proposed to prohibit the pay-
ment of.
Mr. ROGERS. It: is proposed to prohibit
the States from paying the debts they con-
tracted in aid of the rebellion. I would not
have one cent of it paid by the Federal Govern-
ment, because it would have no right to do so,
and it would be an outrage to do so. My ground
is, that each State is sovereign upon the ques-
tion of its debts. There is no more sacred right
in any State than the right to say what debts it
will pay, to whom it will pay them, and when
and how it will pay them; and an amendment
to the organic law for the purpose of prevent-
ing a State paying any debt it pleases is but the
emblem of despotism and tyranny. Congress
has no power, by an amendment to the Consti-
tution or otherwise, to prevent New. Jersey from
paying any debt she pleases.
Mr. KELLEY. I beg leave to ask the gen-
tleman from New Jersey whether the State of
New Jersey contracted any debt in jsnpport of
the so-called confederacy?
Mr. ROGERS. I hope the gentleman does
not intend to insult me. If I was in a south-
ern State I should Oppose its paying the rebel
debt. ButI am talking about the power of the
Federal Government and the rightsof the States.
If a southern State sees fit to pay a-rebel debt,
it is no business of all or any of the other States,
or of the Congress or Federal Government.
Mr. KELLEY. I only ask the gentleman
because he insists that we want to prevent New
Jersey from paying her dehts.
Mr. ROGERS. I used that argument to
show that New Jersey stands in the Union the
same as South Carolina; that New York and
Pennsylvania have no more rights in the Union
than South Carolina has, and that South Caro-
lina has as much right to be represented here,
and to have her Representatives admitted, as
Pennsylvania, New York, or New Jersey has.
Mr. KELLEY. I am satisfied.
Mr. ROGERS. That is my doctrine, whether
my Democratic brethren subscribe to it or not.
Some policy ones may not; I do not know.
Three different views are entertained in this
House upon the status of the so-called confed-
erate States. One view is, that the confederate
States are in the condition of conquered prov-
inces, subject to the control of the Congress
the same as the Territories. Another view is,
that they are in the Union, and possess the right
of local and domestic legislation, but have not
absolute right to demand representation in Con-
gress without conditions and qualifications.
Another view is that they are in the Union and
States in the fullest sense of the term, and have
a positive right to representation in Congress.
To this latter view I subscribe with all my heart.
I concede that the first view of this case is
a logical one, if the premises are correct. Bat
there is nothing logical in the middle view. If
they are States in the Union for any purpose
they are entitled to all the rights of the other
States, North or South. The Constitution is
based upon the equality of the States, and there
can be no such thing as a State being in the
Union without the rights of the other States.
My ground is that when a Representative from
Virginia or Tennessee or South Carolina goes
to the Speaker s desk with all the muniments
of a regular election, having been duly elected
according to law, he is entitled to have the oath
submitted to him that is laid down in the Con-
stitution I mean the oath to support the Con-
stitution of the United States—and any other
oath put to any man is worth no more tfian the
oath put by the highwayman to the victim whose
purse he demands and whose life he attempts
to take on the highway, that he will not tell of
it. I here are only two conclusions; either this
war has broken up the Union and driven the
States out, or else it has kept the States in the
Union. If the States are in the Union, if they
are a part and parcel of the Federal Union,
what authority is there in the Constitution to
