2576
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
ant assessors are paid five dollars a day, as they
have been for some time, I believe, it will not
increase the expenses of the internal revenue
department to any large amount, but in various
portions of those States which are not yet re-
constructed, if we would obtain any revenue, it
is absolutely indispensable to allow for a small
increase of pay; and as we heard from the gen-
tleman from California [Mr. Higbt] the other
day, it always has been necessary there to have
a provision of this kind in order that we may
collect taxes there, for they pay higher rates of
wages there than we do on the Atlantic coast.
I trust the gentleiflan from Rhode Island will
be content with the amendment I propose and
will not insist on striking out the proviso. In
Missouri, I believe, there are officers now ap-
pointed in all the congressional districts, and
it may be possible, although somewhat incon-
venient, to get along in that State without this
increase of pay.
Mr. JENCKES. I should be better con-
tented if the gentleman would extend this power
over the whole United States and not restrict
it as he proposes. This proviso gives the Sec-
retary power to regulate the compensation of
these officers in thirteen States and all the
Territories. The inequalities in compensation
arising out of the inequalities in service are as
great in the States omitted as they can be in
the States enumerated ; and if the Secretary is
to have the power of fixing the salaries of these
officers in this large number of States and in
all the Territories, why not extend the power
to all the States and all the congressional dis-
tricts ?
Mr. MORRILL. If the gentleman desires
an answer, I will say to him that, of course,
we do not expect that this will be more than
a temporary provision. Congress will meet
again next December, and it is hoped that by
that time we may be able to strike out a large
part of the proviso, but until these States are
in a better condition than they now are, it
seems to me eminently proper that the proviso
should remain.
Mi-. JENCKES. This proviso is not clcar
enough. It says " the rates of compensation
thus allowed shall not exceed the rates paid to
similar officers in such States and Territories
respectively."
That does not seem to me to be a clear lim-
itation. If the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr.
Morrill,] representing the Committee of Ways
and Means, will move a distinct limitation of
these rates of compensation, that they shall
not exceed in any State a certain sum, either
per diem or of annual compensation, it might
obviate to a great extent the objection I make
to this proviso.
Mr. MORRILL. How "does the gentleman
propose to amend it?
Mr. JENCKES. I propose no amendment;
I ask the gentleman to fix a rate, either per
diem or of annual compensation. Under this
proviso, where these officers are paid an annual
compensation, the Secretary may fix it at ten
or twenty thousand dollars.
Mr. MORRILL. I shall have no objection
to the gentleman's amendment if he will offer
one to meet that difficulty.
Mr. JENCKES. I ask the gentleman who
has had this subject under consideration to
move a distinct limitation of pay, and then I
will withdraw all objection to the proviso.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I move to insert
in the proviso, after the word "California,"
the word "Nevada."
^ The CHAIRMAN. That is not in order.
There are two amendments alrea.dy pending.
The question was taken 011 Mr. Morrill's
amendment to strike out the word ''Missouri;"
and it was agreed to.
Mr. M0H1ULL. I move now to amend the
proviso by striking out the words "but the
rates of compeustion thus allowed shall not
exceed the rates paid to similar officers in such
States and Territories respectively," and to
insert in lieu thereof the words "the gum of
$(3,000 per annum."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I move to insert
the word " Nevada" after the word " Califor-
nia."
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WOODBRIDG-E. I move to amend
this paragraph by striking out the word '' four,''
and inserting in lieu thereof the word " five,"
before the words '' dollars for every day actually
employed in collecting lists," &c.; also to strike
out the words: '
And other assistant assessors, when employed out-
side of the town in which they reside, in addition^ to
the compensation now allowed by law, snail, during
such time so employed, receive one dollar per day.
That portion of the paragraph will then read :
And thereshall be allowed and paid to each assist-
ant assessor four dollars for everyday actually em-
ployed in collecting lists and making valuations, the
number of days necessary for that purpose to be cer-
tified by the assessor, and three dollars for every hun-
dred persons assessed contained in the tax list, as
completed and delivered by him to the assessor, and
twenty-five cents for each permit granted to any to-
bacco, snuff, or cigar manufacturer; and the several
assistant assessors in cities ofmorc than ten thousand
inhabitants shall beallowed.inthe settlement of their
accounts, a sum not exceeding £300 per annum for
office rent; but no account for such rent shall be
allowed or paid until it shall have been verified in
such manner as the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
shall roquire, and shall have been audited and ap-
proved by the proper officer of the Treasury Depart-
ment.
If this amendment shall be adopted, it will
give the assistant assessors, during the time in
which they are engaged in performing the
duties of their offices, the sum of five dollars a
day. The provision as it now stands is that
they shall have four dollars a day, and one
dollar additional for each day they are per-
forming duties outside of the town in which
they reside.
A great deal of complaint has been found in
my own district, in regard to the pay of assist-
ant assessors; and a great many petitions have
been presented asking Congress to increase
their compensation. It is certainly the poorest-
paid office, for the responsibility devolving upon
the person who holds it, of all the offices under
the Gov ernment. Although the provision here
proposed may be sufficient in the cities, where
the assessors are living at their homes, and
where the duties of their offices keep them
employed every day in the year, I am sure it
will be unjust in its operation upon assistant
assessors who live in the rural districts.
Now the proposition to give them a dollar a
day extra for each day they are engaged in
the duties of their office outside of the town
in which they reside does not really provide
what is just for these men. When these men,
in a county like my own, are.called upon to
go out of the town in which they reside to per-
form the duties of their office, having no rail-
road communications to accommodate them,
they are obliged to take a conveyance, either
their own or one hired. And if they hire &
conveyance, the price they will be compelled
to pay for it will be equal to at least the half of
the five dollars a day which they shall receive.
Now, I think that justice should be done to
these officers. They are very important officers
of the Government, and should be well enough
paid to prevent there being any inducement
held out to them either to do wrong or to
neglect the duties imposed upon them. If my
amendment is adopted, they will receive five
dollars a day during the time they are engaged
in the duties of their office, whether at home
or elsewhere. The addition of one dollar a
day for services 111 adjacent towns of the dis-
trict by no means meets the additional ex-
penses the officers are obliged to incur in pro-
curing conveyances.
I think my amendment is a just one, and I
hope it will meet with no opposition from my
friend, the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, [Mr. Morrill.]
Mr. DARLING. I think another amend-
ment could be made to this paragraph which
will give these assistant assessors the additional
pay which is deemed nccessary for them. It
is to strike out the word "for" before the
words " office rent" and insert the words "in
lieu of;" thus giving them the sum of $300 in
lieu of office rent, which they can account for as
office rent or for any other necessary purpose.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I think my amend-
ment is preferable.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not rise to'opposo the
amendment. It was thought by the Commi" ,-e
of Ways and Means that these officers should
receive some additional pay, and they proposed
it in the shape of an allowance for office rent.
The most of them are compelled to have an
office, and this sum of §300 would enable the
most of them to rent an office or a house suffi-
ciently capacious to accommodate their fam-
ilies and furnish an office. I agree with my
colleague [Mr. Woodbridge] that it is neces-
sary for us to have competent, vigilant men for
these offices, men of integrity. And I do not
object to the proposition in the form in which
my colleague has offered it, if the House shall
deem it more desirable than the form reported
by the committee.
The amendment of Mr. Woodbridge was
then agreed to.
Mr. COOK. I move further to amend this
paragraph by inserting after the words "and
for postage actually paid on letters and docu-
ments received or sent, and relating exclu-
sively to official business," the words, " and for
money actually paid for publishing the notices
required by this act;" so as to pay back to
these officers the money they are actually re-
quired to pay out for the publication of the
notices.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DARLING. I move to amend by strik-
ing out in line two hundred and ninety the word
"for" before the word "office," and inserting
in its place the words "in lieu of;" so that
the clause will read as follows:
And the several assistant assessors in cities of more
than ten thousand inhabitants shall be allowed, in
the settlement of their accounts, a sum not exceeding
$300 per annum in lieu of ofliee rent.
This amendment will make the amount defi-
nite; and I think it is just and proper. These
assistant assessors are very inadequately paid.
In the city of New York men of the requisite
ability can scarcely be induced to take these
places. It is the poorest kind of economy
to undertake to execute a law requiring so
much official fidelity as this law requires,
and at the same time, in consequence of offer-
ing paltry compensation, go begging for com-
petent men to accept these offices. Such a
system is calculated to iuvite into these posi-
tions a class of men who ought not to hold tlicm.
Mr. SPALDING. This amendment, as I
understand, proposes to give to the assistant
assessor $300 for office rent whether he hires
an office or uses his own dwelling.
Mr. DARLING. Yes, sir.
Mr. SPALDING. I am in favor of that.
Mr. DARLING. It is just and proper, and
there can be no reasonable objection to it. There
is necessity for such a provision, not only in
the city of New York, but in all other places
whore talent and efficiency are required in the
execution of this law, which demands so much
intelligence and fidelity on the part of the
assistant assessors. Why, sir, I think it would
be proper to give these men a salary of S2,-jOO
or §3,000 per annum. I think that the Gov-
ernment would make money by paying such
salaries, because more taxes would be collected
and fewer frauds would be committed if the
Government, would induce the acceptance of
these offices by a class of men who are now
prevented from taking them because of the
paltry compensation paid.
Why, sir, let the Government do as prudent
men everywhere do in their business—employ
the best talent for the execution of duties requir-
ing talent and fidelity, and pay liberal salaries.
The niggardly economy which' is urged by many
as the proper policy for the Government can
only defeat the very object which the Govern-
ment hus in view—the obtaining of the largest
amount of revenue. If more attention were
given to obtaining officers possessing the requi-
site qualifications, paying them salaries com-
mensurate with their abilities, our revenue law
