1866-.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
39th Cong.... 1st:
Rights.- of Citizens—Mr. Rogers,
Ho. of Reps.
impose different qualifications and obligations
upon their Representatives from those laid down
in the .Constitution of the United States?
Mr.. McKEE. I wish^tp ask the gentleman
from New Jersey if he is in favor of nullifying
a; law of the national Congress before the con-
stitutionality of that law hag been decided by
the proper tribunal? ■>
Ms. ROGERS. No,,:?ir; I am not for an-
nulling a law,of Congress. ■ I am for standing
by a law until that law is,decided illegal by the
highest court of the United States. But I have
a right, as a representative of the people, to
stand here and protest against laws that I be-
lieve to be unconstitutional, and I believe that
the oath administered here is worth no more
than the Jacobin oath of Franee or the oath of
Charles I. It is only such tyranny as that that
keeps these States out of the Union, and until
you repeal the law imposing that odious test
oath, you can never expect that the Represent-
atives of all the States oan take their seats in
this House. That oath of itself is an indirect
way of depriving the, States,of, ^presentation.
The worst , species of tyranny in the Old World
was imposeu on the people by ."virtue of odious
a,nd wicked test oaths. ..The President in his
speech says that a man who takes the oath to
sppport the Constitution must necessarily be
loyal. You have just as much right to deprive
a State of representation entirely as to eompel
it. to send such members as ean honestly take
that oath. The Constitution defines the crime
of treason, and the penalty is death. No such
penalty as this test oath is known to the law for
the commission of treason. If Congress can
add to the oath directed by the Constitution, it
can do away with it altogether. The power to
add to necessarily gives power to diminish. ■
Mr. McKEE. Will the gentleman from New
Jersey [Mr. Rogers] yield to me for a single
other question?
Mr. ROGERS. All right.
Mx-. McKEE. As the gentleman is not in
favor of nullifying laws until they are decided
by the proper tribunals to be unconstitutional,
then I would ask the gentleman how the Rep-
resentatives from South Carolina are to be got
into this House before we have such a judicial
decision ?
Mr. ROGERS. The way to get them into
the House is to repeal the law; to declare here,
in a spirit of Christian magnanimity, that these
restrictions shall be removed; that we will act
toward them like brethren, remembering that
their fathers and our fathers died on the battle-
fields of the Revolution to achieve our inde-
pendence. If the Speaker of the House be-
lieves it unconstitutional, he has the right to
swear a member in the manner provided in our
organic law. Repeal this odious, obnoxious,
and unjust legislation, and let every one of the
Representatives take their seats.
I hope that I may live to see the sun shine
upon this Capitol when its rays shall strike
down upon the Representatives of every State
of this Union. I want to see here in these seats
the Representatives of all the States. I pray
God that I may be a member of Congress when
I can go home and have the proud satisfaction
of saying to my constituents that the Union has
been restored, with the rights and equalities of
the several States unimpared, in pursuance of
the Crittenden resolution and the statesman-
like utterances of President Johnson.
I am no disunionist. But I protest against
the exercise of despotic power by any class of
men. When the rebels undertook to violate
the Constitution of the United States, and to
trample upon the Union, I protested against
(heir acts. This House knows that all the time
I voted the necessary men and money to enable
the Government to put down the rebellion, be-
cause I was unwilling to have this Union de-
stroyed merely for the purpose of satisfying the
fanatical schemes of Wendell Phillips, William
Lloyd Garrison, and other disunion traitors in
this country for the last forty years.
I say this was never, within the meaning
of public or international law, a civil war or
a war between two nations so far as its results
were concerned. It wag an insurrection and
an invasion of the States, which the people
of the States,-through the constitutional power
at the Federal head, .were bound to put down.
The soldiers who gathered around the tomb
o'f the immortal Washington, and laid down
their lives to preserve the glorious heritage be-
queathed to us by our fathers, went to quell an
insurrection and to repel an invasion and to
restore liberty to the people of the South who
were unable to protect themselves against the
powers of secession and despotism which at-
tempted to break down the safeguards of the
Union.
The Constitution of the United States says
that Congress shall have power to raise and
support armies. It .also says that it shall have
power to provide for calling forth the militia
to execute the laws of the Union, suppress
insurrections, and repel invasions. "To raise
and support armies. What does that roean %
It, means that Congress is authorized to raise
and support a general army, called the regular
Army, for protection against foreign foes, and
which was intended to be under the solo and
exclusive control of the Federal Government.
The other part of the section provides for the
very difficulty which has arisen in this coun-
try ; I mean the rebellion in the South against
the Government, of the United States. Was
it not an insurrection and an invasion of those
States ? A de facto government invaded those
States, and each one of them had an insurrec-
tion therein, and the President of the United
States called upon Congress to call out the mi-
litia ; and,did he not, in the very first procla-
mation he ever issued, say that there was an
insurrection in the South, and that he called
upon the Governors of the several States to
bring forth from the militia a sufficient num-
ber to put down, under the Constitution of the
United States, that insurrection and repel that
invasion? The armies were raised and the
war carried on in pursuance of a solemn guar-
antee that each State gave to the other, that
the United States should guaranty to every
State a republican form of government, and
protect each of them against invasion, and on
application of the Legislature, or of the Exec-
utive, (when the Legislature could not be con-
vened,) against domestic violence. This guar-
antee is found in the fourth section of the fifth
article of the Federal Constitution.
Now. sir, when we examine the legislation of
Congress we find that since the commencement
of the war that legislation has uniformly treated
the movement of the southern States in their
opposition to the laws as an insurrection. Un-
der the authority to suppress insurrection and
repel invasion, the President ofthe United States
called upon the militia of the several States to
come forward to assist in the work of quelling
the insurrection and repelling the invasion.
The first act of Congress in reference to the
rebellion declares, after certain recitals,
"Then and in such case it may and shall be lawful
for the President by proclamation todcclare that the
inhabitants of such State or States, or any section or
part thereof where such insurrection exists, are in a
state of insurrection against the United States, and
thereupon all commercial intercourse by and between
the same and the citizens thereof, and the citizens of
the rest of the United States, shall cease andbeun-
lawful, so long as such, condition ot hostility shall
continue."
The act of July, 1861, directs the President
to reduce the standing Army to twenty-five thou-
sand within one year after the end ot the ■' ex-
isting insurrection and rebellion."
Sir, there was another act of Congress passed
on the 7th of June, 1862, and amended as
late as February, 1863, which provided that the
tax commissioners in insurrectionary districts,
after bidding in for the United States lands
sold for unpaid taxes, should, in the name of
the United States, enter upon and take posses-
sion of the same, and lease the same '1 until the
said rebellion and insurrection in said State
shall be; put down, and the civil authority of-
the; United States established, and until the,,
people of said State shall elect a Legislature.
and State officers, who shall take an oath to,
support the Constitution of the United States?
to be announced by the proclamation of the.
President.'! , . !
Sir, this law is still in force, and the people-
of the insurrectionary States have elected La- •
gislatures and State officers and taken an oath
to support the Constitution of the United States.
By the act, of Jnly 22, 1861, .the President
was authorized to accept five hundred.thonsahd
volunteers for the purpose of suppressing- in-
surrection, "provided that the services-of the-
volunteers shall be for such time as the Presi-
dent may direet, not exceeding three years,:
nor less than six months, and they shall be,
disbanded at the end of the war."
Now, sir, that act says in so many words,
that these soldiers are ealled for under the-act
of July 22, 1861, for the purpose of suppress-
ing insurrection.
In Ma,reh, 1862,- to take effect March, 1863,
Congress apportioned the Representatives upon
the basis that the insurgent States were in-the.
Union,, designating the number of each. That
law is still in force. Under that law the pres--
ent House of Representatives was chosen; under
that law the present House is organized; under
that law those eleven States of the South have
right to representation.
The Constitution says:
"Representatives and direct taxes shall be appor-
tioned among the several States which may be in-
cluded within this Union according to their respective
numbers."
Under that authority, Congress, after the pas-
sage of the Collamer statute, did both—appor-
tioned both direct taxes and Representatives
among the several States, including the southern
as well as the northern and western States ot
this Union.
It was under the power to suppress an insur-
rection and repel an invasion, that millions of
men were enlisted at the North, and it was
under the provision of the Constitution which
provides that the Governors of the different
States shall, at the call of the President, furnish
militiamen that tlie insurrection was suppressed
and the invasion repelled. *
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ROGERS. I trust that the House will
consent to extend my time for half an hour.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection?
Mr. PRICE. 1 object.
Mr. ROGERS. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his objection. I have never had an
opportunity heretofore to discuss this subject,
and I am, I think, presenting it in a different
light from any in which it has been presented.
Mr. KELLEY. I trust the gentleman from
Iowa will withdraw his objection, as the gen-
tleman from New Jersey has been interrupted
so often.
Mr. PRICE. I object for the reason that I
think the gentleman from New Jersey has had
sufficient physical exorcise to-day, and I am
very certain that the House has suffered inflic-
tion enough for one time.
Mr. SCHENCK. I trust that we shall, at any
rate, allow the gentleman ten minutes longer.
Mr. ROGERS. That is not sufficient time
to enable me to say what I desire to say.
Mr. SCHENCK. There is one question
which I would like to address to the gentleman
from New Jersey. I always "listen with great
interest to his views on constitutional ques-
tions 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Cali-
fornia [Mr. High?] is entitled to the floor at
present, objection being made to exti-ndingthe
time ofthe gentleman from New Jer-ey.
Mr. KELLEY. I trust that the gentleman
from Iowa will withdraw his objection, and that
the gentleman from New Jersey will bo per-
mitted to go on.
