1618
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
tion to which the proclamation refers, however, m
favor of insurgents who may wish to vote and who
may have applied for but not received their pardons,
is not exactly approved. All applications for par-
don will be dulv considered and will be disposed of
as soon as may be practicable. It must, however, be
distinctly understood that the restoration to which
your proclamation refers will be subject to the decis-
ion of Congress.
I have the honor to be your Excellency's obedient
SOTVant' . WILLIAM II. SEWABD.
His Excellency William Marvin, Provisional Gov-
ernor of the State of Florida, Tallahassee.
Also by .order of the President the following
was sent to Governor Sharkey:
Washington, July 24,1865.
W. L. Sharkey, Provisional Governor of Mississippi:
Your telegram of the 21st has been received. The
President sees no reason to interfere with General
Slocum's proceedings. The government of the State
will be provisional only until the civil authorities
shall be restored with the approval of Congress.
Meanwhile military authority cannot be withdrawn.
WILLIAM H. SEWARD.
Here Mr. Seward distinctly lays down the
doctrine, that the question of restoration to
which the proclamation referred must be '' sub-
ject to the decision of Congress." This was
sound constitutional doctrine then; but now
we are given to understand that Mr. Seward,
as well as the President, repudiates the doc-
trine and policy which they proclaimed but a
few months ago. This same principle, that
to Congress belonged the question of restora-
tion, was asserted by the last Congress, with
but little if any opposition.
Bat the Supremo Court of the United States,
in the case of Luther vs. Borden, 7 Howard,
page 42, in a case growing out of the Dorr
rebellion in the State of iihode Island, and
involving the question under consideration,
says:
"Under this nrticlc of the Constitution it rests with
Congress to decide which government [of the I wo set
up in llhodo Island] is the established one, for ns the
United States guaranties to each State a republican
government, Congress must necessarily determine
what government is established in a State before it
can decide whethei it iMepubliesm or not. When the
Senators and Reppeseniaiives of a. State are admitted
into the couneiis of tho Union the authority of the
government under which th<>y sire appointed is recog-
nized by the proper constitutional authority. And its
decision is binding on every other department of tho
Govei anient."
Those authorities, it seems to me, ought to
end the controversy as to the right of Congress
over tho question of restoration of the rebel
States. The civil governments of the rebel
States wore totally destroyed. Their organiza-
tion as Stales in the Union 110 longer existed.
These Stales voluntarily dissolved their con-
neeiion with (lie Government; their members
loft these Halls, and they attached themselves
to another government in hostility lo our own.
This condition of tilings has been seven times
recited by the President in his proclamations
establishing provisional governments for seven
of the rebel States. I will read from tho proc-
lamation establishing provisional government
for North Carolina. 'I his language is used:
" Wheieas the rebellion which hns been waged by
a portion of the people of the United States against
tlie properly qon*Ututed authorities of the Govern-
ment thereof, in tho iikkI violent and revolting form,
hut whose organized and armed forces have now been
almost entirely overcome, lias, m its revolutionary
m'o£i'csc>, deprived the people of tho State of Kortti
Carolina of all civil government."
The language of the other proclamations is
the same.
The distinct statement is that the rebellion,
in its revolutionary progress, has deprived those
States of all civil governments.
Now, sir, under all the circumstances, and
in view of tho future peace, prosperity, and
security of the country, and 111 view of the
pledges made to the people touching the past
and present condition of tho rebel States, what
ought to be required as a condition-precedent
to the readmission of the rebel States?
In my opinion public faith and security
require—
First. That the Government shall be abso-
lutely protected from the repetition of secession
and rebellion by providing for the punishment
of treason.
Second. That the freedmen shall be secured
an absolute equality with the white man before
the law, and shall be endowedwith every po-
litical right necessary to maintain that equality.
Third. That representation in Congress shall
be founded on and in proportion to numbers
entitled to suffrage.
Fourth. That the rebel debt shall be abso-
lutely repudiated.
Fifth. That civil rights shall be guarantied
to all with the means to enforce them.
These rights and conditions should be se-
cured by proper amendments to the Constitu-
tion, and now is tho time and this Congress
the place to inaugurate these amendments, and
if now we fail to perforin our duty in -this re-
gard when we have the power, we shall justly
be held responsible by the people who sent us
here. We will be derelict in our duty to our-
selves and to the lionest expectations of the
country. The people demand security for the
future, so that the sacrifices which have been
made to secure union and liberty may not be
entirely lost.
Now, sir, who are the men that have opposed
every measure, and are now opposing every
measure that tends to equality before the law,
and the protection of the citizen in life, lib-
erty, and property? Why, sir, it is that class
of men who have sympathized with the rebel-
lion, who refused to vote a man or a dollar to
suppress the rebellion, and who proclaimed at
Chicago that the "war was a failure." And
in this Hall this week, when a measure was
before us for the protection of tho Union sol-
dier in tho rebel States for his acts under law-
ful commands against the prosecutions that
are being instituted against him by rebels, the
Democratic party voted solid against the bill.
This certainly is strong evidence of their love
for the soldier and the rights of the citizen.
We are told that in the State of Kentucky
alone there are thirty-live hundred prosecutions
pending against Union soldiers, and that in
most eases the prosecutors are lebels, and have
fought against the old flag and on the side of
Jeff. Davis; being whipped in tho field, they
appeal to the courts.
But, sir, wc are told by the Opposition and
by the South that unless we admit the southern
States at once, and without condition, the rebels
in those States will become very iudignant; that
it will produce hatred and malice toward the
North ; that the "southern heart" will be fired
anew; that Union men and the freedmen will
not be permitted to live there, and that the South
will again take up arms against the Government;
or, in other words, that the South lost nothing
by the rebellion, and that the rebels arc tho con-
querors and entitled to name the terms upon
which they consent lo come back. This was
the kind of talk that we heard at the commence-
ment of the rebellion. It was said tho Govern-
ment should conciliate the South; that it should
do nothing to irritate her ; that if the southern
heart became iired the whole North would be
overrun with the rebel armies ; that our towns
and cities would be sacked, and all our women
carried off. Well, this alarmed a good many
timid men and women, and the conciliatory pol-
icy was tried, and the "southern heart" was not
appeased, and the success of the Union arms
was almost despaired of.
A newpoliey was inaugurated ; we made war
on the rebels; and successvictory every-
where perched on our banner. The rebel ar-
mies have been dispersed and we are conquer-
ors and tho rebels the conquered party. The
Government is the party to dictate terms, and
should prescribe conditions commensui-ate with
the enlightened ideas and civilization of tho age.
The war of arms has been gloriously con-
summated. The achievements of our soldiers
have shed imperishable honor upon themselves
and the country. To them we owe a debt of
gratitude which never can be paid.
But, sir, peace has hor victories not less re-
nowned than those of war. There is another
war being waged, and between the same par-
ties and their respective supporters who strug-
gled for the ascendency on the battle-field. It
is a war of ideas. It is a contest between civ-
ilization and barbarism, freedom and slavery,
treason and loyalty. In this great moral con-
flict, involving the country's safety, prosperity,
and honor, the whole world are interested spec-
tators. The true patriot everywhere will watch
with profound interest the result of this great
moral'and intellectual struggle.
As when the rebellion was flagrant, so now
the haters of republican institutions, free gov-
ernment, and the equality of men, are un-
friendly to the loyal North, and strongly sym-
pathize with the rebels and their preposterous
and arrogant pretensions and demands.
The loyal people everywhere have a full con-
ception of the great issues involved in this
controversy. They eaijnot be deceived, and
if we here in this Hall truly reflect the senti-
ment, desires, and ideas of the loyaLpeople,
civilization, right, liberty, and equality will
triumph, and the sacrifices of the war will not
have been in vain.
But, Mr. Speaker, suppose the Union people,
we here in this Hall, yield up these great prin-
ciples of justice and right,, and the principles
of the Opposition and the rebel leaders prevail;
therebel States would be admitted with all their
disloyalty, treason, hatred of the Government,
hatred of the freedmen and Union men in the
South, and with the unrepentant rebel smart-
ing under the humiliation of defeat. What
would be the consequences? The rebel States
would have entire and exclusive control of
their State governments. Their State laws
would comport with their bitter feelings against
the Government, Union men, and the freed-
men ; they would at once be persecuted, hunted
down like dogs, their property confiscated, dis-
criminated against in every law, deprived of
suffrage and all rights, and would be extermi-
nated or compelled to leave the States.
This is 110 fancy picture. Such is the effect
of their inhuman laws to-day, and made, too,
by these reconstructed lebels. The Union men
now are being compelled to leave the rebel
States to save their property and lives.
The Freedmen's Bureau bill was intended
in part to remedy these great outrages perpe-
trated upon the Union men and freedmen.
The Democratic party here voted solidly
against it, and their President vetoed the bill.
But why such hot haste to admit the rebel
States? What is to be gained by it? It would
seem that those who urge the immediate ad-
mission of the southern States can have but
little regard for the memories of the glorious
dead who have fallen in this bloody war, or the
feelings of mothers, sisters, and widows, whose
mourning weeds are still worn as sad memorials
of their great loss, and by the hands of these
very traitors whom it is proposed to admit into
the Union.
Then what necessity is there, public or other-
wise, for the admission of these disloyal States?
For whose good? Certainly the Government
can go on without them. We can perform our
duties here without them. But it is said that
wc tax them and they are not represented. In
answer, 1 will say that we have the right to tax
them and even to confiscate their property for
their treason if we choose.
But whose fault is it that they are not repre-
sented here? Not certainly the fault of the
Government. It is the result and consequence
of their treason by which all their rights, oven
to life, were justly liable to forfeiture for their
crimes.
The Government has never released its rights
upon the rebels as subjects, though the rebels
by the laws of war have forfeited all their rights
under the Government.
Besides, the objection that the South are not
represented comes with a bad grace from the
rebels who have for years, and in the most,
cruel manner, excluded nearly half of their
own population from representation and every
other civil right, and still insist upon exclud-
ing from all equality of right, civil or political,
four millions of their own citizens. The rebels
were public enemies. By becoming enemies
they annulled and lost all their rights in the
Government, and can never regain them ex-
