2578
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
cow, fuel to nil amount not greater in value than
twenty-fire dollars: provisions to an amount not
greater than fifty dollars; household furniture kept
for use, to an amount not greater than three hundred
dollars; and books, tools, or implements of a trade
or profession toon amount not greater than one hun-
dred dollars.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by add-
ing- in line three hundred and eighty, after the
word "duties," the words "or taxes."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by strik-
ing out in lines four hundred and seventy-five
and four hundred and seventy-seven the words
" or tender thereof."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by strik-
ing out lines four hundred and seventy-eight,
four hundred and seventy-nine, four hundred
and eighty, and four hundred and eighty-one,
as follows:
Such fee for levying, and such sum for the neces-
sary and reasonable expense of removing, advertis-
ing, and keeping the goods, chattels, or effects so dis-
trained, as may be prescribed by the Commissioner
af Internal Revenue.
And inserting in lieu thereof the words " the
fee and other charges j" so that the clause will
read:
Provided, That in any case of distraint for the
payment of the duties or taxes aforesaid, the goods,
chattels, or effects so distrained shall and may be
restored to the owner or possessor, if prior to the sale
payment of the amount due shall be made to the
proper officer charged with the collection of the full
amount demanded, together with the fee and other
charges.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the words "or tender" in the four hun-
dred and eighty-second line; also, by striking
out in the four hundred and eighty-sixth line
the words '' necessary and reasonable expenses
of," and inserting in lieu thereof the words
"fee and charges for;" so that theclause will
read :
But in case of non-payment, as aforesaid, tho said
officers shall proceed to sell the said goods, chattels,
or effects at public. auction, and shall retain from the
proceeds of such salctho amount demandable for the
use of the United States, with the fee and charges for
distraint and sale, and a commission of five per
cent, thereon for his own use. rendering the over-
plus, if any there be, to the person who may be enti-
tled to receive the same.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move further to amend
by adding after the word "arms" in line four
hundred and ninety-two, the words "for per-
sonal use."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to strike out the
following in lines three hundred and fifty-eight,
three hundred and fifty-nine, and three hun-
dred and sixty:
In one newspaper printed in such county, if any
such there bo, or otherwise in some newspaper in any
adjacent county,
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
In the newspaper of largest circulation printed in
such county, if there be any, and if not, then in the
newspaper of largest circulation in tho nearest ad-
joining county.
The clause will then read:
That each of said collectors shall, within twenty
days after receiving his annual collection list from
the assessors, give nptice, by advertisement published
m each county in his collection district, in the news -
PpaJi6r 0I, 'ar§est circulation printed in such county,
lx tnere be any,and if not, then in the newspaper of
largest circulation in the nearest adjoining county.
TJ1® being put, no quorum voted.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, demanded tellers.
1 ellers were ordered; and the Chairman ap-
pomteaMessi's.AsHLEYjofOhio, and Garfield.
T he committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported ayes 51, noes 15: no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN, und^r the rule, ordered
that the roll should be called.
The roll was accordingly called; and the
following members failed to answer to their
names:
Messrs. Alley, Ancona, Anderson, Delos H- Ashley,
Banks, Beamnn, Boyer, Brandegee, Bromwell, Buck-
land, Bundy, Sidney Clarke, Coffroth, Culver, Delano,
Deming, Dixon, Dodge, Driggs, Eliot, Farnsworth,
Earquhar,Glossbrenner,Grinnell,Hale, Harris,Higby,
Hill, Edwin N. Hubbell, James Humphrey, James
M. Humphrey, Ingersoll, Johnson, Jones, Kasson,
Kelley, Kelso, Ketcham, Latham, Le Blond, Marvin,
McClurg, McCullough, Mclndoe, MeRuer, Morris,
Moulton. Myers, Newell, Nicholson, Noell, O'Neill,
Phelps, Pomeroy, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Ray-
mond, Alexander H. Rice, John H. Rice, Rogers.
Rousseau, Seofield, Shellabarger, Sloan, Smith, Starr,
Strouse, Taylor, Thayer, Francis Thomas, John L.
Thomas, Thornton, Trowbridge, Upson, Robert T.
V an Horn.W entworth, Whaley ,\Vinfield, and W right.
The committee then rose ; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Washbwrne, of
Illinois, reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had had under
consideration the special order, being bill of the
House No. 513, to amend an act entitled "An
act to provide internal revenue to support the
Government, to payinterest on the public debt,
and for other purposes," approved June 30,
1864, and acts amendatory thereof, and finding
itself without a quorum had directed the roll to
be called and the names of the absentees to be.
reported to the House.
The SPEAKER stated that a quorum having
answered to their names, the committee would
resume its session.
The committee then resumed its session,
(Mr. Washburxe, of Illinois, in the chair.)
The question recurred on the amendment
moved by Mr. Garfield.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I withdraw my
demand for tellers.
The amendment was then agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out in
lines four hundred and sixty-eight and four
hundred and sixty-nine the words, "or sup-
posed to contain."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to amend by
adding to tho paragraph, at the end of line
four hundred and ninety-seven, the following:
And the officers making the distraint shall summon
three disinterested householders of thevicinity,who
shall appraise and set apart to the owner the amount
of property herein declared to be exempt.
A certain amount of property being declared
exempt, I do not see in the bill any means of
ascertaining the amount so declared. The
owner of the property and the collector per-
haps differ as to the value of certain articles
that are exempt. It seems to me there should
be some umpire to decide the matter.
Mr. MORRILL. I see no objection to the
amendment. The whole exemption I regard
as a mere matter of form. It is not likely that
a case will ever occur where a person liable to
any national taxes will not have a greater
amount of property than is exempted.
Mr. JBNCKES. I suggest instead of the
officer making the distraint that he may call
upon the assessor of the district to make the
appointment of the appraisers.
Mr. MORRILL. That is better.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I accept the modifica-
tion.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I move to
strike out the last proviso, as follows:
Provided further, That there shall bo exempt from
distraint the school-books and apparel necessary for
a family; also arms for personal use, one cow, fuel
to an amount not greater in value than twenty-five
dollars, provisions to an amount not greater than
fifty dollars, household furniture kept for use to an
amount not greater than three hundred dollars, and
books,"tools, or implements of a trade or profession
to an amount not greater than one hundred dollars.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
Provided further, That there shall be exempt from
distraint such property as the tax-payer may select,
not exceeding live hundred dollars in value.
The object of my amendment is to give to
tho tax-payer a choice of property that he may
wish to have excepted from distraint. If he
wishes to exempt a horse or a hundred dol-
lars' worth of books or any other kind of
property, he may do so, having the right of
selection for himself.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope it will not be
adopted.
T-he question being taken, there were—ayes
13, noes 47.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, withdrew the
amendment.
Mr. CULLOM. I move to amend by adding
after the word "notification," in line three
hundred and sixty-six, the following:
And shall send a copy of such notice by mail to
each postmaster in tho county to bo posted up in his
office.
Mr. MORRILL. We have already voted
down that amendment once or twice before,
and I hope it will not be adopted now.
Mr. CULLOM. I do not understand that
this amendment has been voted down.
Mr. COOK. I desire to say that this amend-
ment was put in in relation to the notices to
he given by the assessors, and now it is simply
a question of giving notice when the taxes are
to be paid or not giving such notice. The bill
provides that notice shall be given by adver-
tisement in one newspaper and at four other
public places in the district. A large majority
of the tax-payers, under that arrangement, get
no notice at all. If this amendment should be
adopted a large majority of the tax-payers will
get notice.
I wish to call the attention of the committee
to the fact that a large part of the irritation
caused by this tax grows out of the fact that
tax-payers are compelled to pay costs through,
not having received notice. 1 trust this amend-
ment will be adopted. I insist that it is only a
question between giving notice and not giving
notice.
Mr. MORRILL. If gentlemen will read the
section a little further on they will see that the
evil they apprehend cannot possibly occur. This
refers to the general notice published in the
newspapers. But if the tax-payers neglect to
pay after that notice they receive within ten
days a personal notice. Certainly gentlemen
will not require that they shall receive two per-
sonal notices.
Mr. COOK. They have to pay the cost of
that subsequent notice.
Mr. CULLOM. I would ask the gentleman
from Vermont what particular objection hehas
to tho insertion of this clause. I suppose that
the failure of the collector to send notices to the
various postmasters would not cheat the Gov-
ernment out of any taxes at all. It is simply
a duty enjoined on collectors for the purpose
of getting the information among the people
who have taxes to pay, so that they may have
a further opportunity of being notified of the
time when their taxes are to be paid. It is a
matter of very little labor and expense, and it
will certainly, in the rural districts of the coun-
try, enable a great many men to learn that they
are called upon to pay their taxes at a particu-
lar time, when they would not, perhaps, know
it otherwise.
Mr. MORRILL. The gentleman asks what
particular objection I have to the adoption of
this amendment. It is this: that it imposes
very heavy increased duties upon the assessors,
and that it would be necessary for each assist-
ant assessor at least to provide himself with
a copy of the Post Office book containing all the
post offices in the United States, in order that
he might be enabled to send notices to the dif-
ferent post offices in his district. In my own
district, forinstance, not less than two hundred
such notices would be required, and in some
of the large districts in the West there would
be even more required. Besides, the notices
in such places would be never seen or heard of.
Mr. ALLISON. I would like to ask the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Cullom] whose
duty it would be to post up these notices which
he proposes to send to all the postmasters.
Mr. CULLOM. The postmasters can do it.
Mr. ALLISON. Suppose they do not do it.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the amendment.
_lhe question was put: and there were—ayes
25, noes 13; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Morrill
and Ccllom wore appointed.
The committee divided : and the tellers
reported—ayes forty-eight, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr._CHANLER. I would like to draw the
attention of the chairman of the Committee of
