1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2579
Ways and Moans, who has this bill in charge,
to a case of great oppression which has arisen.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman offer
an amendment?
Mr. CHANLER. Yes, sir; I have an amend-
ment to offer. I move to insert before the last
proviso in this paragraph the following:
And that the assessor of each district shall at
stated periods make a full and accurate report over
his own bi^nature, duly sworn to before a notary pub-
lic, of all articles seized and held by him as forfeited
for violations of this act by any person or persons,
that sncli report shall specify the names of the own-
ers of the articles so seized, together with the value
of the same, and the particular section or sections of
this act violated by such person or persons, whereby
the said articles were forfeited to the Government:
and such reports shall bo addressed to the chief of
the Bureau of Internal Revenue on the first ofevery
month.
The object of this amendment is simply to
authorize and require the assessor of each dis-
trict to make a report to the chief of the Bu-
reau of Internal Revenue in this city of all
articles seized by him as forfeited under the
law for violations of the internal revenue act.
Let me state a case that came under my
observation, and in reference to which I made
application for relief to the head of the bu-
reau, with whom I had a conversation, which
has led mo to offer this amendment. A liv-
ery-stable keeper in good faith hired a horse
and wagon to some persons to him unknown.
Those persons left the city of New York and
went over into the State of New Jersey. On
the other side of the river they got possession of
some boxes of cigars, not stamped or marked,
and began to peddle them. The consequence
was they were arrested by the authorities, and
the horse and wagon belonging to the citizen
of Xew York were seized and held by the
assessor. The case was brought to my notice,
and I applied to the bureau for relief. " I asked
the chief if it was optional for the assessor |
to seize, hold, and sell that horse and wagon
belonging to an innocent party, and there was
no redress. The answer of the chief of the
bureau, as I understood it, was that there was
no redress; and therefore I have offered this
amendment.
If gentlemen will give their attention, I will
state that they will find that by my amendment
the assessor is called upon to make a return
monthly to the head of the bureau of the arti-
cles seized by him, giving the value of each
article and the name of the person from whom
it has been seized ; and thereby persons whose
property has been seized can obtain ready re-
dress. if they are entitled to it, from the only
place where the law permits thorn to obtain
relief.
I hope my amendment will meet with the
approval of the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, [Mr. Morrill:] or. if it
does not, that he will at least explain that it is
not necessary under the law.
Mr. MORRILL. ] do not, perhaps, fully
understand the amendment of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Chaxler.] as I was un-
able to hear it all when it was read at the
Clerk's desk. But so far as 1 do understand
it, I am opposed to it, and hope it will not be
adopted, for I think the public notice in the
courts where cases of forfeiture are tried is
sufficient, and where certainly all the persons
who are interested would learn the cause of
such forfeiture.
Mr. CHANLER. Will the gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Morrill] allow mo to ask him
if there is any provision in the law regulating
the internal revenue to enable the "citizen,
whose property has been seized by the as-
sessor, to obtain speedy redress from the supe-
rior of that officer? As the law now stands, is ,,
not the person whose property has been seized h
completely at the mercy of the assessor? And h
is it not due to the citizen that he should ha\e !:
some means provided by which his property
can be released if he is an innocent partv?
Does the law provide any such means now?
T understand that the gentleman does not
know, and still he opposes a good, sound rem-
edy because he individually does not know
whether that is the law or not. It certainly
j cannot injure the law to put into it a provision
; requiring the assistant assessor in each district
to make a monthly report, such as I have indi-
cated, to the chief of the bureau here in Wash-
ington, by means of which the citizen can
obtain speedy relief if entitled to it.
Tha question was taken on the amendment
of Mr. Chanler, and upOn a division there
were—ayes 17, noes 35; no quorum voting.
_ Mr. MORRILL moved that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Washburse,
of Illinois, reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had had under
consideration the special order, being bill of
the House No. 513, to amend an act entitled
"An act to provide internal revenue to sup-
port the Government, to pay interest on the
public debt, and for other purposes." approved
June 30. 18G4, and acts amendatory thereof,
and had come to no conclusion thereon.
ENROLLED EILL SIGNED.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that they had
examined and found truly enrolled Senate bill
No. 310, to change the place of holding the
courts of the United States for the northern
district of Mississippi; when the Speaker signed
the same.
DIRECT TAX IN INSCItKECTIONAEY STATES.
Mr. GARFIELD, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be instructed to inquire whether any further leskda-
tkm is necessary in reference to the collection of the ;
direct tax. in the States lately in rebellion.
PURCHASE OF PUBLIC LAND-.
TOu motion of Mr. STEVENS, Senate bill j
No. :20J>. entitled "An act to enable the New
York and Montana Iron Mining and Manufac-
turing Company to purchase a certain amount
| of the public lands not now in the market,''
I was taken from the Speaker's table, read a
iirst and second time, and referred to the.Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
COMMITTEE OX TERRITORIES.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, by unanimous con-
sent, submitted a report from the Committee
on Territories in response to a resolution of
the House, adopted February 20, 1866, asking
for information as to the necessity of a clerk
for that committee. j
The report states that in the judgment of the i
committee a clerk is necessary for the trans- I
action of their business. j
The report was laid on the table, and ordered ;
to be printed. |
NAVIGATION OF ILLINOIS RIVER. j
Mr. ROSS, by unanimous consent, intro- !
dueed a bill to improve the navigation of the !
Illinois river: which was read a "iirst and sec- :
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
LEAVE OF AE&EXCE.
The SPEAKER asked leave of absence for
ten days for Messrs. Upson and Trowbridge, jj
Leave was granted. |j
MAIL COMMUNICATION WITH BE
Mr. ALLEY, by unanimous consent, sub- j.
mitted the following resolution j which was «!
read, considered, and agreed to : jj
IZcso?dcJ, That the PostmasterGcneral I>erequested j!
to report to this* House the conditions of the contract 'i
made lor the transportation of the mail? between the j!
Imfed states and Brazil, and to state whether such i;
conditions have been complied with by the company !'
contracting to perform <\\ch service, ond whether th'e I
steamships employed have been such were required 1;
by the law authorizing the service; also, to Mate .;i
whether the pepaitment has any iniormation of the
contract bavin? been assented to and oxeentcd by tnc ,
1'r.izilinn Government, and further direetinar that no '!•
amount of the subsidy bo paid unless the contract i
has bi en luliy complied with on th>* part of the com- ,,
panv and duly assented to by the Brazilian Govern- ;
ment, as required by the act authorizing the service, ,
pasciial's edition of the constitution.
. Mr. COOK, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution j which was read,
considered, and agreed to : -
Resolved, That the^ Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the expediency ot pur-
chasing from George W. Paschal, Esq., his copyright
in a limited number of his edition of the Constitution
l of the United States, with his notes of judicial and
j legislative decisions thereon, together with theeopi-
ous index thereto; and that said committee report
by bill or otherwise.
Mr. DAVIS moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at fifty minutes after three o'clock p. m.) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petition?, &c., were presented under
the rule and referred to the appropriate committees:
By !Mr. BOUTWELL; The petition of William If.
Hood, and others, of Baltimore, Maryland, and
Charles C. Bewail, and others, of MedficM, Massachu-
setts, in favor of a Bureau of Education.
By ^Ir. BROOMALL: The petition of citizens of
Delaware county, Pennsylvania, praying for such
change in the internal revenue and tariff laws as
shall enable the manufacturers of the United States
to competc with those of other countries with success.
By Mr. COOK: The petition of eiti zens of Grundy
county, Illinois, for protection for American wool.
By Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio: The petition of Jona-
than Palmer, and others, citizens of Clermont county,
Ohio, praying for a modification of the tax on com-
mon tobacco.
By Mr. DOISTXELLY: A petition signed by cit-
izens-of Alexandria, Douglas county, Minnesota, for
the establishment of a new land district in Minnesota,
with the office at Alexandria.
By Mr. EGGLESTON : The petition of Colonel H.
L. Burnett, and others, citizensof Ohio, praying for
the passage of a law to equalize bounties to soldiers
andsailors and to increase the rate of pensions.
By Mr. HART: The petition oi banks and bankers
of Rochester, New York, asking for an extension of
the time fixed by law for the taxation of ten per cent,
on the circulation of State banks.
By Mr. HIGBY: The memorial of Martha A.Estill,
asking the payment of a claim, against the Govern-
ment.
By Mr. HUBBARD, of Xovr York : The petition of
numerous citizens of the village of Norwich, in the
county of Chenango, Xcw Yosk. tor a mail route from
said village to the village of Sidney Plains, in the
countv of Delaware.
By Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania: The peti-
tion of citizens of Washington county, Pennsylvania,
for an increase of duties on foreign wool.
By Mr. PAINE: The remonstrance of Frank Ab-
bott, and others, citizensof Marquette county, Wis-
consin, against the change of the route of a certain
land-grant railroad therein named.
By Mr. PERHAM: The petition of James L. Per-
ham, for a pension.
Also, the petition of Mrs. 2saney Bills, for compen-
sation for destruction of property by order of United
State® officers.
By Mr. ROLLIXS: The petition of Stephen Thayer,
and 3d others, citizens of Xew Hampshire, praying for
an increase of duty on imported cigais.
IX SEXATE.
Tuesday. May lo. 1866.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a communication from'the Post-
master Genera!, transmitting, in compliance
wiih a resolution of the Senate of the 10th
instant, a copy of a letter from D. L. Yulce,
formerly chairman of the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to the Post Office
Department, dated January fl, 1SC0. inquiring
as to the effect of legislative action in increas-
ing the pay of mail contractors. i:c.. and a
copy of the reply of the Postmaster General
thereto: which, on motion of Mr. Ramsey,
we*; referred to the Committee on Post OtBees
and Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
KKCONsTKrCTIOX.
Mr. FESSEXDEX. Before the Senate pro-
ceed? ■« itii the regular business of the day, I
•wish to say a word in reference to the report
of the committee on reconstruction, or rather
the joint resolution which has been passed bj'
the Hoiue of Representatives, and is now upon
the table of the Senate, reported by that com-
mittee. Many inquiries have been made of
me by gentlemen as to when I pioposed to call
up tf.e~ resolution which has been passed by
the other House, for action here. I desire
now to state that I have consulted, informally,
the members of the reconstruction committee.
