1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3539
of the United States under the victorious General
Meadowas marched into said district, encamped and
remained there during the great battle of Gettysburg,
and the pursuit of the rebel army from tho State of
Pennsylvania; and whereas thosnid district was once
beioro thus invaded by General Stuart's rebel army,
and once afterward by General McCaubland's rebel I
army; that during these invasions tho personal prop-
erty of the citizens of said district was taken and
carried away, and their houses burned and other
property destroyed: Therefore,
Beit resolved. That the Committee of Claimsbe, and
is hereby, instructed to inquiro into the expediency
of appointing coinmissioneis, with such restrictions
as the committee deem proper, to ascertain what
damages tho citizens of said district have suffered, i
with a view to enforce legislation for the payment I
of tho damages sustained. [
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move that this
resolution be referred to the Committee of
Claims.
The SPEAKER. The resolution contem-
plates a reference to that committee. It pro-
vides that the committee be "instructed to
inquire into the expediency," &c.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire that the res-
olution shall be referred without instructions.
Mr. JOHNSON. I desire to state to the
House that the Legislature of Pennsylvania
has already appropriated $500,000 for the re-
lief of the people of the district referred to in
the resolution.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. A reference of
this resolution to the Committee of Claims,
without its adoption by the House, will carry
the whole subject before the committee. I do
not wish to have tho House committed to any-
thing contained in the resolution by adopting
it. I am willing that the subject shall go to
the committee for investigation. I demand
the previous question.
Mr. McKEE. I want to oppose the motion
to refer to the Committee of Claims and to
move that it be laid upon the table. That com-
mittee has already had that subject under con-
sideration, claims coming from the sixteenth
congressional district of Pennsylvania, and we
have voted uniformly against allowing claims
growing out of the ravages of war.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I do not withdraw
the demand for the previous question.
Mr. McKEE. I move that the resolution
be laid" upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
soldiers of 'ivak or 1812.
The SPEAKER stated the next business
was the following preamble and resolution, sub-
mitted by Mr. Miller June 18:
Whereas on the 22d of January last a bill entitled
"A bill to grant pensions to soldiers of the war of
1812 with Great Britain" was referred to ihe Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions, on which no report has yet
been made ; and whereas the bill providesfor giving
pensions only to those who arc in indigent circum-
stances, and as many of the^c old feoldiers arc now m
abject poverty, and inasmuch as it is duo to Hicm as
well as to tho creditof tho country that speedy action
should bo taken thereon: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions
be, and are hereby, requested to report said bill with
an athrmativo recommendation with as littlo delay
as possible.
The subject having already been acted on
the preamble and resolution weie laid upon
the table.
The morning hour expiring, the Speaker
next proceeded to call the States for resolu-
tions.
increase op salaries.
Mr. ROLLINS submitted the following res-
olution ; which was read, considered, and
agreed to :
Mesolved, That all motions and resolutions for tho
increase of pay of officers and employes of the House
be referred to the Committee ot Accounts without
debate.
female colleges.
Mr. DEMING presented joint resolutions of
the State of Connecticut, asking an appropri-
ation of public lands for the establishment of
female colleges in the several States j which
were laid upon the table and ordered to be
printed.
constitutional amendment.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker,
I rise to ask unanimous consent to record my
vote upon one of the important measures of
the session. On the loth day of June the joint
resolution proposing an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States came back to the
House with Senate amendments. The ques-
tion was taken and the House concurred in the
Senate amendments. I desire to voteuayn on
the question of concurring.
There was no* objection, and Mr. Lawrence's
vote was recorded in the affirmative.
Mr. JOHNSON, by unanimous consent, was
allowed to record his vote in the'negative, and
Mr. Benjamin to record his vote in the affirma-
tive on the same question.
reorganization 03? interior department.
Mr. KASSON, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back Senate bill No. 283, to reorganize
the clerical force of the Department of the
Interior, and for other purposes, with a sub-
stitute; which was referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union and
ordered to be printed.
FIRST REGIMENT MLCUUIAN CAVALRY.
Mr. UPSON submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
AVhereas it is represented in a recent communica-
tion lrom the Governor of the State of Michigan to
the Sccrctary ol' War, that the olheers and enlisted,
men of the first regiment .Michigan cavalry, lately
mustered out oi' the United States service in Utah*
were wrongfully held in service lor over six months,
and in their payment ou discharge only leceived
commutation ot mileage and subsistence, which gave
them each only about one hundred and fitteen dol-
lars to boar their expenses lrom Utah to their homes,
while the necessary expenses of each man were over
three hundred dollais; and that under all the cir-
cumstances attending their said detention m the ser-
vice and discharge m Uuh usafote-aKl they have been
subjected to unreasonable hardship and pecuniary
loss of over two hundred dollars each, necessarily
expended by them lor transportation that should
have been furnished by the (.lovernmcnt: Therefore,
l>e$ohc<l. That UieCommiltee on Military Atfairs
be instiuctcd to inquire into all thefacts and circum-
stances relating to the alleged detention in the ser-
vice of the olhreis and enlisted men of the said first
regiment Michigan cavalry, and relating to their
muster out and payment in Utah as aforesaid, and
to report what allowance, if any should bo made, to
be paid to said officers and men as commutation of
transportation from Utah to Michigan as aforesaid,
or what compensation tui ther should be allowed and
paid them in any other manner.
IiLLKN SANDERSON.
Mr. MORRILL obtained the the floor.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. 1 ask the gentleman to
yield to me.
Mr. MORRILL. I do yield on condition
the gentleman's proposition does not give rise
to debate.
Mr. ROUSSEA U. I ask unanimous consent
to report back House bill No. 275, for the re-
lief of Ellen Sanderson, widow of Colonel John
P. Sanderson, the provost marshal general of
Missouri.
Mr. BENJAMIN objected.
Mr. ROUSSEAU moved to suspend the rules
for the purpose indicated.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill was received and read. It author-
izes the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to
Ellen Sanderson, widow of the late Colonel
John P. Sanderson, late provost marshal gen-
eral of the department of Missouri, $30,000 as
compensation for special labor and services in
detecting and exposing organized conspiracies
in the loyal States against the Government of
the United States.
Mr. ROUSSEAU demanded the previous
question.
Mr. STEVENS asked that the report of the
committee be read.
The Clerk read as fol^ws:
The Committee on Military Affairs, to whom was
referred House bill No. 275, entitled "A bill for the
relief of Ellen Sanderson, widow of John P. Sander-
son, the provost marshal general of Mu-souvi," have
had that subject, under consideration, and have di-
rected me to return the same to the House, and rec-
ommend its passage in the following report:
Colonel JrP. Sanderson, thirteenth United States
infantry, was assigned to duty as provost marshal
department of Missouri, on the 4th of March, 1804.
Soon thereafter he obtained information from vari-
ous source? of the existence of a secret organization
in the State of Missouri, which hau been instituted
by the rebel General Price, the object being to supply
his army with tho accessary munitions ot war. Aoout
the samo time he was also informed that this secret
organization not only existed in Missouri but in
nearly all of the western States. It was called the
"Order of American Knights/'and its true object
was to so embarrass, by every possible means, tho Gov-
ernment in its attempt* to suppress the rebellion, that
they might succeed m establishing a northwestern
confederacy and thereby also secure to tho southern
States their independence. The importance of athor-
ough investigation and expovS was apparent, and,
with tho approval of the commanding general, a
number of defectives were employed by Colonel San-
derson to ferret it out.
These detectives were at first set to operate in the
city of St. Louis, and thcinformation already received
was more than confirmed by their statements. They
reported that the order had been established in nearly
every county in tho western States, and that its ob-
ject was i calls* tho formation of a northwestern con-
federacy; that the membership thereof exceeded in
number half a million men, and nearly two thirds of
whom were armed; that the order had its grand com-
mander, State commanders, and other subordinate
officers; that tho members were sworn to obey the
orders of their superior officers, no matter what the
nature of the order might bo; and that the member-
ship was dailv increasing, and arms wero being fur-
nished as rapidly as possiblo for tho use of those with-
out them.
Dcsiiint? to be still further informed and to know
whcthcrthc representationsmado by tho members in
St. Louis were correct, several dctcctives were in
May, 1801, sent by Colonel Sanderson on tours of in-
spection; onethrougliMissouri, another through Illi-
nois, and another through the States of Ohio and Indi-
ana, a sufficient numbor of tho detectives remaining
on duly in St. Louis.
Daily reports wore received from these detectives,
giving in full the result of their observations; and
though at different points from each other, their re-
ports corroborated oaeh oilier and verified tho pre-
vious representations. They reported that tho order
existed in each of thoso States. The membership in
Missouri was thirty thousand men; in Illinois one
hundred and twenty-five thousand men ; in Indiana
one hundred thousand men; in Ohio the same; in
Kentucky about twenty-five thousand men; and
about thirty thousand men in the balanec of the west-
ern States. Al'terawlnlo they reported that tho name
of the order had been changed from that of "Amer-
ican Knights" to the "Sons of Liberty;" that most
of the membeis were armed; and that unless prompt
and decisive action was taken on the partof the Gov-
ernment by exposing both the order, and ifs princi-
ples, their success in building up anorthwestern con-
federacy could not be prevented.
All the information which had been rcccived by
Colonel Sanderson relative to this order was care-
fully compiled and transmitted by him, with a report
thereon, to the commanding general a bout t he middlo
of June, 18G4. This lcpovt wasforwaided by tho latter
to President Lincoln for his notion. Inthe carlypart
of July, 1801, an abstract of that report and its accom-
panying documents was made bv Colonel Sanderson
and furnished to tho press, which, with tho expose
made at Indianapolis about the same time, completely
destroyed the effectiveness of the order. For several
weeks alter the completion of his first report, a largo
amount of additional information had accumulated,
winch was also forwarded with a report to the com-
manding general. This, together with the firstt re-
port, covered over a ream of foolscap paper, besides
embracing considerable printed matter. Knowing
that strict secrecy was essential to the success of this
investigation, he took upon himself, in addition to his
regular duties n* provost marshal general, the super-
intending' of tho investigation. Toprcventsuspicion
against his detectives, who were generally supposed
to be rebels, their reports wero made cither late at
night or very early in tho morning, so that they could
noL be seen entering tho provost marshal general s
office. Fiom tho middle of March until July there
were constantly seveial detectives on duty in St.
Louis, and it was generally midnight before their re-
ports wero made and written out by Colonel Sander-
son. Their reports were then taken by him the samo
evening for the inspection ot the commanding gen-
eral, and after a consultation for one, two, and even
three hours, and the plans for tho next day agreed
upon, ho returned to his office to rest, obtaining very
seldom over four horns'sleep. About the time that
ins first report was finished his health gradually began
to fail, and he was advised by his physician and his
a^ociate officers to accept of a proffered leave of
absence, or, if he would not do that, to give up the
night work which he was performing. He would not
accept the leave, and remained at his post, still eon-
tinuinghis evening labors, though constantly remon-
strated with for doing so.
His evenings, after the finishing of his report, were
devoted to collecting and arranging that portion oi
the testimony which could be used agamst t hoso per-
sons who had been arrested in Missouri at their trial
before a military commission. ,
By the 1st of September, 386 i, hehad collected such
testimony as was necessary, and had commenced pre-
paring the charges against these parties, when he was
taken so ill as to prevent him continuing his work,
and he was carried from his office to his residence, at
which place he had remained but one night since his
investigation of the conspiracy. What little medical
skill could then do was promptly done, yet it was
apparent to all that tho continuous night J n nor per- r
formed by him in addition to his daily duties, lrom
the beginning of March till September, had so shat-
tered his constitution that not even medicali assist-
ance could be of any avail, lie gradually becamo
weaker and weaker from that time until the middlo
of October, 1804, when his system yielded lot he heavy
burden, and he died. , .
fN'o one doubted that ho lost his life ui tau- great
effort to save his Government.
