1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
covered by the act of prohibition, which would
supply their_ places, and threw them, in great
abundance, into the Portuguese markets. The
effect upon the industry of the country was soon
felt, and the Government gave its attention to
the matter and prohibited the introduction of
these ' 'serges and druggets.'' But British cap-
italists were as determined that thoir fabrics
should clothe the people of Portugal as they
have since been that we should consume their
cotton, woolen, steel, iron, and other goods;
and what they had been unable to accomplish
by the. mere force of capital or by skillful eva-
sions of Portuguese laws, they at last achieved
by diplomacy. Portugal failing to perceive that
England eould not produce Portuguese wines,
as she cannot produce American cotton, hemp,
rice, tobacco, and grain, listened to the words
of such diplomacy as induced us to enter into the
Canadian reciprocity treaty, and subjected the
energy,ingenuity, and industry of her people and
the raw material of the country to the control
of the Government and capitalists of England ;
the inducement to this step, artfully put for-
ward by Great Britain, was that the wines of
Portugal should be admitted into Great Britain
at a duty one third less than that imposed on
wines imported from other countries. The
cffcct of this treaty on the industry of Portugal
is narrated by an English writer, who says:
"Before tlie treaty our woolen cloths, cloth serges,
and cloth d^uggetswere prohibited in Portugal. They
liad set up fabrics there for making cloth, and pro-
ceeded with very good success and wo might justly
apprehend they would have gone on to eieet other
fabrics until at last they had served themselves with
every species of woolen manufactures. The treaty
takes off all prohibitions and obliges Portugal to ad-
mit forever all ourwoolen manufactures. * Their own
fabrics by.this were pcifoctly ruined, andwecxporl ed
. £100,000 value in the single article of cloth* the very
year after the tieaty.
"The court [of Portugal] was pestered with remon-
strances from their manufacturers when the prohibi-
tion was taken off pursuant to Mr. Methuon'sti eaty.
But. the thing was parsed, the treatv w:i< rTtified, and
their looms were all ruined."—British Jlerchaatnim,
vol. o, p. 253.
Ia the spirit of the diplomacy of Methuen
was the parliamentary eloquence of Henry, now
Lord Brougham, in l<sl.">. Having described the
effect of the peaee of 1814, which bound conti-
nental Europe to the use of Bruish manufac-
tures, and produced an excessive i xportaiion of
British goods in that direction, he said :
"The pca.ce of America ha6* produced somewhat of
the same effect, though lam very far from ohcingtho
vast exports which it occasioned upon the same loot-
ing with those to the Jiuropean market the year be-
fore, both because ultimately the Americans willpay,
which the exhausted slate of the Continent lenders
very unlikely, awl because it was well worth ichd'j to
incur n loss upon the jh st>-<.poi tat ion, iiioi dcr b'J theglef
to stifle in the crxdh thos-f ri^in'j ma:\vfa<iurex yi the
United States ■icIik It th<_- 'irar ha<? forced, into uci^ence
contrary to the natural course of things."
Though I should not pause here. I cannot
abstain from asking the gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. VooiuiM.s] whether lie is ready to
pennit '* Biitish capitalists*' to glut our markets
and stifle in the cradle the rising manufactures
which the late war has called into existence? In
further proof that they will do so and throw the
workmen engaged in our furnaces, forges, fac-
tories, and workshops out of employment if wo
do not protect them, let me add that the com-
mission appointed under the provisions of the
act of 5th and Cth Victoria, chapter ninety-
nine, showed how well it understood that the
supremacy of Great Britain depends on the
maintenance at whatever cost of her manufac-
turing supremacy, when, in the report to Par-
liament in 18-54, it said:
" Ibelieve that the laboring classes generally, in the
manufacturing districts of this country, and especially
in the iron and coal districts, are very little aware of
the extent to which they are often indebted for their
being employed at all to the i/mneme losses which their
amp lovers volvntar d>j incur in bud t unvs, in ot d<- r to de-
stroy foreign comxyetition, a,id to (tain and keep posies-
a ion offoreign markets. Authentic instances are well
known ot employers having in such times carried on
their work at a lo^s amounting in tho aggregate to
three or tour hundred thousand pounds in the course
of as many years. Tftheeffoitsot those who encourage
the combinations to iestrii t tho amount of labor, and
to produeo strike, wor.' m be ^icce«sfui for anv lengt'i
of time, thee/r< ot <i,,f a■ ^'(Tio'-ii oj capr-i- eon d i>o 'oilier
he made vhu-h p'K-h/^ c v<</: oj the i-ost vidh ,, r"u>it<d-
to ovcrivhdni <o': ;'<><■■ ' n> ',■.■> Mi1 >'< j/C s <-J </r/-"t
deprefiiion, ar.dthu? to clear the way for the waoictrad^
to step in when pricce rovivc, and to carry on a great
business before foreign capital eon again accumulate
to such an extent as to be able to establish a compe-
tition in prices with any chance of success. The large
capitals of this country are the great instruments o f war-
fare against the competing capitalists of foreign countries,
and are tho most essential instruments now remain-
ing by which our manufacturing supremacy can be
maintained; the other elements—cheap labor, abun-
dance of raw materials, means of communication, and
skilled labor—being rapidly in process of being real-
ized."
FRANCE, ENGLAND, PRUSSIA, SHODDY.
Nor, sir, have other nations failed to dis-
cover that social life is not subject to chance,
or to enforce what are now termed the laws of
social science. Indeed, the more sagacious
and powerful nations have been compelled in
self-defense to do what we—grand as are the
dimensions and resources of onr country—must
do or be forever dependent and subject to ever
more frequently-recurring periods of bank-
ruptcy, private, corporate, State, and national.
Carlvle's brilliant word-painting depicts the
horrors that flowed from contempt for the value
of labor 111 France, and the historian of the
rebellion just crushed will portray those which
flowed from our disregard of the rights of the
laboring people of our country. Had Louis
XIV appreciated the value and national
power of the skilled industry of France he
would not have revoked the edict of Nantes,
upon which, says Iiume:
"Above half a million of tho most useful and indus-
trious subjects deserted France, and exported, together
with immense sums of money, those arts and manu-
factures which had chiefly tended to enrich thatcoun-
tiy." " * : "Xcar'fifty thousand refugees
passed over into England-*'
Since the days of Colbert, however, with tho
evception of a brief term during which she
adhered to the stipulations of a wreciprocity
treaty," into which Fiiigland inveigled her,
France has protected her industry by prohib-
itory acts, by bounties or concessions, and by
high protective duties. Ilcr present astute
ruler and the British (h)veminent have recently
attempted to dazzle and mislead other nations
with theories of free trade which neither was
willing to cany into operation: but the tariff
act prepared by M. Chevalier, after conference
with Mr. Cobden, who, in his desire to improve
the condition of the laboring classes of Fmgland
by securing them cheap food, was led to adopt
all the fallacies-of the school of free traders,
is peihaps the most scientifically protective
revenue law ever devised.
France permits none of licr raw material,
which is not absolutely in excess of her demand
for food or fabrics, to be exported; nor will
she admit into her ports any article that may
come in competition with her industry without
requiring" it to pay her and her people adequate
.compensation for the injury such admission
miiiiht inflict. A recent illustration of this is
before us. The free-trade papers are announ-
cing that France has determined to admit raw
whalebone free of duty. They cannot, how-
ever, tell us that she has consented to admit
foreign hops 011 the same terms ; for while in-
viting cargoes of whalebone to licr ports, she
has u'joeted the application for the free admis-
sion of hops. She w elcomes the product of the
Ameiicaii whaler, for whalebone enters into an
infinite number of her manul aci ures. She has no
domestic source from which she can derive the
article: and the duty upon it, as upon any raw
material, was a tax upon her manufacturers;
or a bounty to thoir rivals She therefore re-
mits the duty for the same reason thai «ho taxes
hops. She produces much wine, and but little
beer; and her own soil and labor furnish her
with an adequate supply of hops for all uses
within her limits. To admit them would be
to injure her agriculturists, and, perchance, tu
stimulate an appetite for a beverage that might
injure the markets for French wines.
We ship in the same vessel our wheat, and
.the bones, rags, and other refuse matter which
would, were our own industry broadly diversi-
fied. after application to many purposes of use
and pleasure, restore to the earth the elements
extracted from it by the tons of wheat which
tbey acjoaitjuny to foreign markets These
France, England, and Germany guard most 1
sedulously, and in a pamphlet now before me,
entitled "The History of the Shoddy Trade,
its Rise, Progress, and Present Position,"
published in London in 1860, I find that in
England—
" Materials regarded at one time as almost worth-
less, are converted, by the improved processes of
manual labor and machinery, into valuable elements
of textile manufactures. Tne seams or refuse of rags
are used, after lying to rot, for the purpose of manur-
ing arable land, particularly the hop grounds of Kent
and adjacent counties, and are also made into floek
partially for bedding and stuffing uses. They are,
moreover, (which seems strange indeed,) manufac-
tured into a chemical substance, namely, prussiate of
potash, a valuable agent in dyeing. Shoddy dust,
too, which is the dirt emitted from rags and shoddy
in their processes, is useful as tillage in like manner
with the waste which falls under scribbling-engines.
The later is saturated with oil, in which consists,
mainly, the fertilizing property. Waste is of more
value than dust for farming purposes, the former hav-
ing been generally about double the price of the lat-
ter; but dust has of late increased in value so as to be
well nigh equal to waste. A large quantity of these
materials is annually sent from this district (the West
Hiding of York) into Kent and other counties to till
the soil. Shoddy dtist is useful in other respectsthan
as tillage. It is now even carefully preserved in
separate colors and applied in the manufacture of
flock paper-hangings, which are the best description
of this article. Not a single thing belonging to the
rap: and shoddy system isvalucless or useless. There
are no accumulations or mountains of debris to take
up room or disfigure the landscape; all, good, bad,
and indifferent, are beneficially appropriated."
Of these valuable materials this little work
shows me that America furnishes England more
than any other nation, and that in point of
quality her woolen rags are the best, even bet-
ter than those derived from the city of London;
that so largely arc we the consumers of the cloths
manufactured in greater or less part from our
own refuse matter, that a commercial crisis in
this country affects every manufacturer in the
shoddy districts; and that the most calamitous
eras in the history of the generally thriving
towns depending on this manufacture were the
years immediately following 1837 and 1857,
when their industry was entirely suspended by
the destruction of the American market.
France, less lavish of her wealth and more
careful of the welfare of her people than we,
sedulously guards such elements of wealth and
comfort. How sedulously, will appear from the
following cxtract from the little work I-have just
quoted:
"As to rags, we have not been able to import any
from France, oft account of their havinobcenprohib-
ited as on aiticleof cxx>ort; but according to the treaty
of commerce just concluded between France and Eng-
land [that arranged between Chevalier and Cobden]
the termor has engaged to remove tho prohibition,
but reserves the privilege of imposing a heavy duty on
ra<n shipped thence to this country. The amount of
duty has not been fixed yet, we believe; but there
aio foars on our part that it will be such as to pre-
clude either paper or woolen rags being broughtover
to any material extent."
The fear expressed by the writer was well
founded. Shrewd men played at an intricate
game when that treaty was made; and while
Franee consented far enough to give a text upon
which she and England might preach free trade
to the other nations of the world, she reserved
to herself the amplest power to maintain the
most perfect defensive warfare between her in-
terests and those of aggressive England.
Prior to 18-14 England herself subjected rag-
wool, that is, shoddy-wool prepared from rags
by any other nation, to a duty of a half-penny
per pound; but when other nations refused to
sell her their rags in bulk, the prepared or rag-
wool became the nearest approach she could
obtain in adequate supply to that species of
raw material, and she abolished the duty which,
light as it was, favored thcindustry of her rivals.
°Nor is Prussia behind France and England
in this matter, for the same pamphlet tells me
that at Berlin there are a number of manufac-
tories of rag-wool, several of which have been
established by enterprising Englishmen from
the shoddy towns of Dewsbury and Batley.
"These factories," says the wii+er, "produce both
shoddy and mungo, and appear to be successful under-
takings. The principal reason why our countrymen
prosecutc this business at Ueriin and other places in
Prussia is because that (Jovrrn-uent levies a heavy ditty
on the. crpoi'tatioa of re.(ti. and p<; mits shoddy, thenian-
ufaetui ed "• U'de, i<> qo <mi fre<\ thus dffuidin;?-facilities
for on expoit trad..- in rag-wool not extended to rags.
Insignificant as tho territory of Prussia is
