1620
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
tions it is not for them, especially after failure,
to declare the time and manner and conditions
of their restoration.
It is absurd to cite the resolutions we passed
at the beginning of the war to induce these
States to reconsider their folly. When youcan
breathe life into the nostrils, pour blood into
the veins, and quicken the pulses of the hun-
dreds of thousands whom their refusal struck
dead, men may prate about promises and con-
gressional resolutions based on thoir assent,
but not till then!
At the outset of the rebellion the President
of the United States, speaking confidently for
the people, declared the Union was unbroken,
that no plainly written provision of the Consti-
tution had ever been denied, and pleaded elo-
quently with the South against its contemplated
withdrawal. Stale after State, in utter disre-
gard of all entreaties, had withdrawn its Sen-
ators and members, and still refused to return
them. The blow was struck, the war went on,
slavery still lived. The President and Congress
again and again urged a practical reaeknowl-
edgment of the national authority that the war
might cease and the South return with all their
rights. Compensated emancipation was tend-
ered them; they laughed it to scorn. Their
seats here and in the Senate Chamber remained
vacant, while, at the bidding of those who left
them", loyal blood still trickled down the mount-
ain sides and the bodies of the loyal dead en-
riched the valleys of the South. At last for-
bearance ceased to be a virtue. Under the
war power the President gave the people in re-
volt one hundred days' notice, in which time
they were permuted to renew their allegiance
without the overthrow of their institutions,
especially inviting them to choose members of
Congress in good faith and by elections in which
a majority of their voters should participate.
The piod'er fell upon dull ears and hardened
hearts, and under the same power, on January
1, 1<S<;;>, he issued the great emancipation proc-
lamation, absolutely freeing the slaves, save in
a few excepted localities. Ingrafted afterward
by constitutional amendment, it verified the
promises of the Declaration of Independence,
and all over the Union forever prohibited
property in man.
The redright arm of war at last had changed
the political privileges which the South was so
long, so constantly pressed to preserve for itself.
Slavery was to rebellion the heel of Achilles,
and there it was smitten. The usurpers had
staked their all 011 the hazard of battle. They
bowed down before false gods. Rude icono-
clasts, they broke the beautiful images of their
loyal State governments, but the stain which
marred their marble purity perished too. Noth-
ing but victory could help them now. If de-
feated the United States might carve for them
new forms of republican government, but the
delect which their blinded vision loved would
bo omitted forever. One more chance was
given them, not to restore these privileges, but
to obtain terms of peace which might have
secured them immediate representation. Abra-
ham Lincoln even left his high seat for this
purpose to meet their commissioners at Fort-
ress-Monroe. Separation or destruction was still
their motto! Then the Union armies moved
upon their?, breaking their columns, seizing
their eilies, driving them along the valleys till
they withered like a scroll, and in defeat and
dismay surrendered to the majesty—ay, sir,
I am happy to add, to the clemency of the
Union.
And now, who will be so bold as to say that
upon this surrender the rebel States could, of
their own motion and on their own terms, re-
enter the American Congress? if so, let us
look the feet in the face—no condition what-
ever could legally be imposed on them. In the
prosecution of their attempt to break up the
Government they had contracted an enormous
debt to their own followers and to their sympa-
thizers in England and elsewhere. They could
of right return and endeavor to make the nation
pay it. The war power had struck the fetters
fiom the slave, but the constitutional amend-
ment was not yet ratified by the States. They
might with propriety have refused to adopt it,
claimed their scats here, denounced the Proc-
lamation as invalid, and endeavored in Con-
gress and out of it to render it a nullity. Ah!
but gentlemen may say they did neither of these
things ; they were put upon terms in these two
matters. Yes, sir, they were ; and I thank the
President that he forced them to do right. He
forced them to do right, although they may even
yet reconsider their repudiation of the rebel
debt, until the Constitution shall forbid it. But
who could legally dictate these terms ? And
if such terms could be imposed, what can prevent
Congress, the law-making power, from deter-
mining whether other guarantees are required?
Congress, under the Constitution, has the
power to "declare war," to " suppress insur-
rections and repel invasions," yet in the view
of some gentlemen here it may not inquire
whether war or insurrection has utterly ceased!
It may "constitute tribunals," yet it 'has no
right to be informed whether such tribunals
are still closed and the course of justice im-
peded! It can regulate commerce "among
the several States," as well as with foreign
nations, but it must not see if such commerce
has been illegally restricted! It may provide
"for the general welfare of the United States,"
but when that welfare has been violently as-
sailed it dare not ask even whether the assaults
upon its integrity or those it is bound to pro-
tect still continue! "The United States shall
guaranty to every State in the Union a repub-
lican form of government;" but after four
years, during which all government recognized
by the Constitution has been overthrown, woe
be to Congress, the guarantying power, if it
attempt, to investigate whether republican gov-
ernment has been restored or now exists in
any of these States! Oh, no; Congress, with
all its great powers, is limited, they say, to that
section which makes each House "the judge
of the elections, returns, and qualifications of
its own members and when, after four years
of revolution and ruin, the member from Mis-
sissippi presents himself, Mr. Speaker, before
you, if his election has been held at the regu-
lar time, if his return bo duly signed and no
one contests it, if with or without republican
government, with or without loyal constituents,
he is willing to be sworn, you have nothing to
do but to swear him in, and we are powerless
to make further inquiry. To state the prop-
osition is to refute it.
One word more on this point: it is said that
such was Mr. Lincoln's view of the case. The
opinions of that lamented patriot, written and
spoken, are just the reverse.
I11 order to foster loyalty, in order to end the
rebellion by lifting up the hands of those who
had strayed and were repentant, rather than by
the dread wager of battle, Mr. Lincoln, on De-
cember 8, 1863, issued his amnesty proclama-
tion, promising that when one tenth of the
number who voted for President in 18G0 should
in any State reestablish a republican govern-
ment, it should be recognized as the true gov-
ernment of the State; and, not directing any
election for members of Congress, he added:
"To avoid misunderstanding," ::
" it may be proper to further say that whether mem-
bers sent to C011 ercss from any State shall bo admitted
to Beats constitutionally, rests exclusively with the
respective Houses, and not to any extent with the
Executive."
More th'an this, when the war was ended, in
his last public speech, referring to the govern-
ment he had endeavored to set up and sought
to sustain in Louisiana, he thus alluded to the
views above expressed, applying them, then
and there, to that State:
"And I also [in the proclamation] distinctly pro-
tested thottheKxeeativc claimed no right to say when
or whether members should be admitted to seats in
Congress from such States. This plan was in advance
submitted to the then Cabinet, and as distinctly
approved by every member of it."
Mr, Lincoln's views, it will thus be seen,were
precisely those now held by Congress, and the
following paragraph from the Senate judiciary
report, of February 18,18GS, accompanying the
joint resolution relating to the credentials of
members claiming seats from Louisiana, a re-
port and resolution which gave general satisfac-
tion, denotes how fully these opinions governed
the last Cougf ess :
" The persons in possession of the local authorities
of Louisiana having rebelled against the authority
of the United States, and herinhabitants having been
declared to be in a state of insurrection m pursuance
of a law passed by tho two Houses of Congress, your
committee deem it improper for this body to admit, to
seats Senators from Louisiana, till by some joint ac-
tion of both Houses tlieio shall lie some recognition
of an existing State government ac-ting in harmony
with the Government of the United States and recog-
nizing its authority."
But enough, sir, upon this point. When the
integrity of "tho Union was endangered by open
and secret foes ; when the land trembled with
the shock of hostile forces, and timid men saw
nothing but darkness in the future, the Govern-
ment was found to possess ample power under
the Constitution to preserve itself against trea-
son and rebellion. It has equal right, now the
cloud is lifted, to protect itself against their con-
sequences ; a protection which can bo enforced
only by law and afforded only by the power
which makes the law.
What, then, are the conditions on which any
rebellious State shall be restored to represen-
tation in the national councils? I answer,
That it shall conform by its constitution and
laws to the change in political relations brought
about by the war, accepting the issue in good
faith, submitting to such acts of Congress, and
ratifying, if required, such amendments to the
.national Constitution as fairly and equally em-
body the results of this great change.
Certainly there is nothing very harsh in this.
But Congress is to judge of these conditions, and
nervous people, more anxious as of old about
what they call southern rights than careful of
national security, fear it will do wrong. I do
not believe that Congress will act unjustly. I
for one, am not afraid to trust the national Rep-
resentatives. They come dircctly from the
people. They mingle with and catch their inspi-
rations from that source. The elections take
place less than a year from the time they are
first sworn in, and if they err the people will
sit in judgment on them.
The creation of this body is the very essence
of popular government. The Senate is only
one remove further from the people. And this
great republican idea, with a President coming
loo almost directly from the people, clothed
with the veto power to check hasty or impru-
dent legislation, which on careful thought two
thirds may still overrule, is to me the most
beautiful in theory as it has been the most suc-
cessful in practice which the .world ever knew.
I cannot believe, sir, that either of these
branches of the Government will willingly tres-
pass upon the privileges of the other. I have
faith that each will act honestly, and in this
crisis of the country will be no less true than
heretofore to every right of the Government
and the people.
There is not a man in this House who does
not desire the restoration of the functions of
every southern State at the earliest moment
consistent with the security of tho whole. The
Union was our watchword and battle-cry, our
pillar of cloud by day andpillar of lire by night;
our Army was known only as the Army of the
Union. The great party which, rising above
partisanship, prosecuted the war to a success-
ful close, was the party of tho Union. From the
first shot at Sumter, all over the land, prouder
than oriflamme or crescent, in every valley,
on every mountain, from every window and
house-top of the North, wherever our keels
plowed the waters or the eddying waves of bat-
tle were the reddest, the flag of the Union
floated in beauty with not a star omitted on its
field of azure. For this the conflict was ac-
cented. For this the victory was won. This
was the sacred trust we inherited, and the Union
so admirably formed, cleansed now of its only
blemish, we hope to hand down to the latest
generation.
' But several months have passed, and, terrible
to relate, the Representatives from the South are
not yet on the floors of Congress! Still more
