3540
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask the gentleman from
Kentucky to allow me tlrree minutes on this
question.
Mr. BOUSSEAU. T will yield.
Mr. JOHNSON. I desire to say that I knew
John P. Sanderson for many years. When this
proposition came before the House asking, as
it did, for an appropriation for his widow, I
was not disposed to object. But since it has
taken a course which is evidently for political
and partisan purposes, I protest against the
abuse of the courtesy of this side of the House
that has been taken advantage of here in this
debate, and I now say that which I would not
otherwise have said since the death of Colonel
Sanderson, but which I feel due to myself and
to others to say, that whatever he may have
done in Missouri, he was a man of bad charac-
ter in Pennsylvania, and I have no faith in the
batch of statements made by him. The records
at Harrisburg relative to the election of United
States Senator in 1855, show that he was there
as an outsider, a borer, and was corruptly em-
ployed by different parties for the same office,
and robbed one man of $3,000. That was his
character then, and when his statements are
lugged in here after his death tiy his friends,
apparently to accomplish a political purpose,
although I who knew him well would be willing
that his ashes should rest in peace, I will not
allow such injustice as this to be perpetrated
upon an organization throughout the country
to which I belong. I want that, sir, to go upon
the record.
Mr. STEVENS. "Will the gentleman from
Kentucky yield to me a moment?
Mr. RbUSSEAU. Yes, sir.
Mr. STEVENS. I merely wish to say that
I believe all that has been said by my colleague,
and I would move to lay the bill on the table,
but I do not wish to take advantage of the
courtesy of the gentleman.
Mr. McKEE. I would like to inquire whether
while Colonel Sanderson was provost marshal
general of the State of Missouri he did not re-
ceive his regular pay as an officer of the Army,
and whether his widow is not now allowed a
pension by law.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. I suppose he received
his pay. But I wish to say to my friend from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Johnson,] who says that
this report is made for political purposes, that
I wrote the report myself, and I got the data
from the report of Colonel Sanderson in the
case to which reference is made. But noth-
ing was further from my mind than that this
should have any political effect, and I do hope
that no man on this side of the House will
claim any affinity with the infamous order re-
ferred to. I cannot see how it is possible that
any gentleman on this or the other side should
take exception to this reference. The report
refers to the order of the Sons of Liberty, an
infamous order that I believe no man on this
floor ever thought of having any connection
with. As to the question of my colleague, [Mr.
McKee, ] I suppose Colonel Sanderson received
his regular pay, but-this is for extraordinary
services, such as were never rendered in this
country by any man before.
Mr. JOHNSON. One single word. I want
to say that I know nothing of the particular or-
ganization called the Golden Circle or the Sons
of Liberty, but I know that the Democratic
party, to which I belong, was charged, in a gen-
eral way, with being controlled by that organi-
zation ; therefore, I take it that this is a fling
at that party, after the old style, gotten up un-
der pretense of appropriating a sum of money
to a woman and a widow.
Mr. ROUSSEATJ. I sometimes vote with
the Demcratic party, and I hope no man who
has any sort of respect for that parly will take
any offense at anything said in this report.
Sir. MORRILL. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky must be aware that I did not yield for
debate, but only on the condition that the mat-
ter should give rise to no debate. I therefore
hope he will not press the passage at this time.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. STEVENS. Does not the widow get a
pension?
Mr. ROUSSEAU. I think not; I am not
certain.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to lay the bill on
the table.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. I hope the gentleman
will withdraw that motion.
Mr. STEVENS. I prefer not to do so.
Mr. HALE. On that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 58, nays 72, not voting
52 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley,Allison,Ames, Ancona, Bax-
ter, Benjamin, Boutwell, Boyer, Bromwell, Dawson,
Denison, Dixon, Dodge, Eldridge, Eliot, Finck, Gloss-
brcnner, Grider, Grinnell, Hale, Aaron Harding,
Henderson, Iligby. Hogan, Holmes, Hulburd, Hum-
phrey, Johnson, Kerr, Latham, William Lawrence,
Le Blond, McCullough, McKee, Morrill, Niblaek,
Perham, Pike, Price, Radford, Samuel J. Randall,
John H. Rice, Ritter, Rollins, Ross, Sawyer, Shank-
lin, Sitgreaves, Spalding. Stevens, Taber, Francis
Thomas, John L. Thomas, Thornton, Henry D.Wash-
burn, Wentworth, James F.Wilson, and Winfiokl—58.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Delos R. Ashley, James
M. Ashley, Baldwin, Barker, Beaman, Bidwell, Bing-
ham, Blow, Buckland, Bundy, Sidney Clarke, Cobb,
Coffroth, Conkling, Cook, Ciillom, Davis, Doming,
Dumont, Eckley, Eggleston, Farquhar, Ferry, Gar-
field, Hart, Hayes, Demas Ilubbard, John H. Hub-
bard, James R. Hubbell, Ingersoll, Julian, ICasson,
Kelley, Kelso, Kotcham, Kuykendall, Laflin, Mar-
shall, McClurg, McRuer, Mercur, Miller, Moorhead,
Morris, Moulton, Myers, Newell, O'Neill, Orth, Plants,
Poineroy. William ll.Randall, Raymond, Alexander
II. Rice, Rogers, Rousseau, Schenck, Scofield, Shella-
barger, Smith, Stilwell, Strouse, Thayer, Trowbridge,
Upson, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Wil-
liam B.Washburn, W elk or, Whaley, and Stephen F.
Wilson—72. „ , „
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Baker, Banks, Bergen,
Blaine, Bra.ndegce, Broom fill, Chanler, Reader W.
Clarke, Culver, Darling, Dawes, Defrees, Delano,
Donnelly, Driggs, Farnsworth, Goodyear, Griswold,
Abner C. Harding, Harris, Hill, Hooper, Hotchkiss,
Asahcl W. Hubbard, Chester D. Ilubbard, Edwin N.
Ilubbell, Jenckes, Jones, George V.Lawrence, Loan,
Longyear, Lynch, Mnrston, Marvin, Mclndoe, Nich-
olson, Noell, Paine, Patterson, Phelps, Sloan, Starr,
Taylor, Trimble. Van Aernam. Ward, Warner, Elihu
B. Washburne, Williams, Windom, Woodbridge, and
Wright—52.
So the motion to lay on the table was not
agreed to.
The question recurred upon the passage of
the bill, on which the yeas and nays had been
ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 57, nays 79, not voting
46; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Delos R. Ashley, James
M. Ashley, Banks, Bidwell, Bingham, Blow, Buek-
lnnd, Bundy, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Culloin,
Davis, Dawes, Demmg, Donnelly, Dumont, Eckley,
Eggleston, Garfield, Griswold, Hart, Hayes, Asahel
W. Ilubbard, Demas Ilubbard, John H. Hubbard,
Ingersoll, Julian, Kasson, Kolley, Kelso, Kuyken-
dall, Marvin, MeClurg, McRuer, Mercur, Miller,
Moorhead, Morris, Myers, Newell, O'Neill, Orth,
Paine, Plants, Pomeroy. Rousseau, Schenck, fehella-
barger, Smith, Trowbridge, Upson, Robert T. Van
Horn. Henry D. Washburn, Whaley, and Stephen
F. Wilson—-57. .
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Ancona, Baldwin,
Baxter, Beaman, Benjamin, Boutwell, Boyer, Brom-
well, Conkling, Dawson, Denison, Dixon, Dodge,
Driggs, Eldridge, Eliot, Ferry, Finck, Glossbrenner,
Grider, Grinnell, Hale, Aaron Harding, Abner C.
Harding, Henderson, Iligby, Hogan, Holmes, James
R. Hubbell. Hulbuid, Humphrey, Johnson, Kerr,
Ketcham, Laflin, Lnthiim, George V. Lawrence,
William Lawrence, Le Blond, Longyear. McCul-
lough, McKee, Morrill, Niblaek, Noell, Patterson,
Phelps, Pike, Price, Radford, Samuel .1. Randall,
Raymond, Alexander II. Rice, John H. Rice, Ritter,
Rogers, Rollins, lloss, Sawyer, Scofield, Shanklm,
Sitgreaves, Spalding, Stevens, Stilwell, Strouse, Ta-
ber, Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas, Thornton,
Trimble, William B. Washburn, Wentworth, Wil-
liams, James F. Wilson, Winfield, and Wood-
bridge—79.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley,Baker, Barker, Ber-
gen, Blaine, Brandegee, Broomall, Chanler, Reader
W. Clarke, Coffroth, Culver, Darling, Defrees, Del-
ano, Farnsivorth, Farquhar, Goodyear, Harris, Hill,
Ilooper, Hotchkiss, Chester D. Hubbard, Edwin N.
Hubbell, Jenckes, Jones, Loan, Lynch, Marshall,
Marston, Molndoe, Moulton, Nicholson, Perham,
William II. Randall, Sloan, Starr, Taylor, Thayer,
Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Ward, Warner, Elihu
B. Washburne, Welker, Windom, and Wright—-46.
So the bill was rejected.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was rejected; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SELECT JOINT COMMITTEE ON RETRENCHMENT.
Mr. HALE. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following 'preamble and resolution
for consideration at this time:
Whereas the financial condition of the United States
demands the exercise of a rigid economy in all depart- -
ments of the Government in order to sustain the credit
of the United States, and to relieve the people at the
earliest possible day from theburden of existing taxa-
tion; and whereas there is reason to believe that m
many departments of the Government civil abuses
have for along time existed and still exist, in the per-
petuation of useless offices and sinecures, in extrav-
agant salaries and allowances, and in other unneces-
sary and wasteful cxpendituies:
Resolved by the Mouse of Representative*, (the Senate
concurring,) That a joint select committee be ap-
pointed, to consist of two members of the Senate and
three members of the House, to be styed the joint
select committee on retrenchment; that said com-
mittee be instructed to inquire into the expenditures
in all the branches of the civil service of the United
States, and report whether any and what offices ought
to be abolished, whether any and what salaries or
allowances ought to be reduced, and generally how
and to what extent the expenses of the civil service
of the country may and ought to be curtailea; that
said committee be authorized to sit during the recess
of Congress, to send for persons and papers, and to
report by bill or otherwise ; and that said committee
may appoint a clerk for the term of six months and
no more.
Mr. ANCONA objected, but subsequently
withdrew his objection.
Mr. JOHNSON renewed the objection, but
subsequently withdrew it.
The resolution was then agreed to.
ASSESSING POST OFFICE CLERKS.
-Mr. KELLEY. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution for consid-
eration at this time:
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be requested
to inform the House by virtue of what order or pro-
vision of law the postmaster at Philadelphia has as-
sessed upon each of his employes a tax equal to one
and one half per cent, on the annual salary of each
of said employes, and is proceeding to collect the
same.
Mr. ROSS. I object, unless the resolution
is referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
RAILROAD TO PORTLAND, OREGON.
Mr. McRUER, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee on Public
Lands Senate bill No. 123, entitled "An act
granting lands to aid in the construction of a
railroad and telegraph line from the Central
Pacific railroad in California to Portland, in
Oregon," with an amendment in the nature
of a substitute, and moved that the bill and
amendment be ordered to be printed and be
recommitted to the committee.
The motion was agreed to.
CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. PAINE. I desire to give notice that to-
morrow, after the morning hour, I will call up
the report of the Committee of Elections upon
the contested election of Fuller vs. Dawson.
UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD, EASTERN DIVISION.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I ask unanimous
consent to introduce a bill explanatory of an
act to amend an act entitled "An act to amend
an act entitled 'An act to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad and telegraph line from the
Missouri river to the Pacific ocean, and to se-
cure to the Government the use of the same
for postal, military, and other purposes,' ap-
proved July 1, 1862," approved July 2, 1864.
Mr. STEVENS. Does the gentleman from
Iowa propose to introduce this bill for action
at the present time?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I do.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman is will-
ing to introduce the bill and allow it to lie over
and be printed, so that we may offer any amend-
ments which maybe necessary and fix any day,
I do not care how early, for its consideration,
I shall not object; otherwise I must.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I propose to intro-
duce a bill which the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Stevens] promised that he and his
