2580
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
on the part of the Senate, and we have come
to the conclusion that ive shall ask the Senate
to proceed to the consideration of that resolu-
tion on Monday next; and I beg also to express
the hope that when it is taken up we may de-
vote the entire hours of the Senate, with the
exception, of course, of the morning hour each
day, strictly to the consideration of that busi-
ness, and with the expectation, or the hope at
least, that we shall be able to dispose of it in
the course of the week.
Mr. JOHNSON. Does the Senator say that
he has consulted all the members of the com-
mittee?
'Mr. FESSENDEN. I consulted all who
were present at the time. I did not consult the
Senator from Maryland because ho was not in
his seat. I will now only repeat the hope I
before expressed, that we may take up the sub-
ject on Monday next and confine ourselves to
its consideration, with the idea that we may be
able to finish it in the course of next week.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a
memorial of the Legislative Assembly of the
Territory of Montana, praying for the establish-
ment of a branch mintin thatTerritory; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance, and
ordered to be printed.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the Territory of Montana,
praying for the alteration and extension of the
southern boundary of thatTerritory; which was
referred to the Committee on Territories, and
ordered to be printed.
He also presented an address of colored citi-
zens of Chicago, Illinois, dated April 23, 1800,
expressive of their gratitude to the Senate and
House of Representatives for the passage of the
civil rights bill recently vetoed by the President
of the United States; which was'ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. JOHNSON. I present the petition of
Mary Good, an aged lady of Baltimore, who
states that her daughter, an only child, on whom
she depended for support, was killed on or
about the 10th of August, 18G5, by a shot fired
by a sentinel intended to have been aimed at
a deserter from the military service of the
United States. She states that she was wholly
dependent on this daughter, and thinks she has
made out a case for the interposition of Con-
gress, either to vote her a small sum of money
in gross to support her, she being upward of
seventy years of ago, or to give her a pension.
I move the reference of the petition to the
Committee on Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORGAN. I present the memorial of
the Chamber of Commerce of the State of New
ifork against the proposed tax of five cents per
pound upon cotton. I ask that the memorial
be referred to the Committee on Finance, and
inasmuch as the subject is one of very con-
siderable interest at this time, and as this
memorial contains some valuable information
in relation to the importation of cotton into
Liverpool for several years from India, Egypt,
and Brazil, I move that it be printed for the
use of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COWAN presented a petition of me-
chanics and laborers in manufacturing estab-
lishments, praying for such an adjustment of
the tariff of duties on imports as will afford
ample protection to the labor and industry of
the country; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of
Hopestill Bigelow, praying to beallowed eleven
yeurs' back pay, claimed to be due him as a
pensioner of the war of 1812; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SUMNER. I also offer the petition of
H. "VV. Johnson, president of Dickinson Col-
lege, Carlisle, Pennsylvania, asking, in the
name of four million freedmen who now call
for education, that education which slavery
forbade, and in the name of a still larger num-
ber of "poor whites," who need that instruction
which slavery withheld, and finally in the name
of justice, humanity, and religion, asking that
free education be secured to all the children
of the United States. I do not know that
there is any committee of this body to which
this petition can be, with any particular propri-
ety, referred, but the Judiciary Committee is
that to which all petitions go which have no
other natural destination, and I therefore move
its reference to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. YATES presented a petition of citizens
of Illinois, praying for an increase of the duty
on'importations of foreign wool; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a memorial of women of
Illinois, praying that universal suffrage and
enfranchisement may be granted without regard
to sex ; which was referred to the joint com-
mittee on reconstruction.
Mr. NYE presented the memorial of Richard
Chenery, praying for compensation for beef
cattle furnished for the use of destitute and suf-
fering Indians in California, in the years 1851
and 1852, under contract with the then Indian
commissioner for the northern district of that
State; which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
PAPERS WTTIIDltAWN.
On motion of Mr. MORGAN, it was
Ordered, That tho Committee on Claims be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the petition
of 13. Brown, jr., and that ho have leave to withdraw
his petition and other papers.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
300) to reduce the rate of interest on the
national debt, and for funding the same, have
directed me to report it with amendments, and
if it is the pleasure of the Senate I should like,
as the honorable Senator from Maine has an-
nounced his purpose to take up the reconstruc-
tion subject next week, to have this bill set for
Thursday if there be no objection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I object to having that
fixed. I want to take up several of tho appro-
priation bills during this week, that are on the
table.
Mr. SHERMAN. Do you want the whole
week?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know that I
shall, but I should not like to have any special
order made.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I will simply give
notice that I shall endeavor to get this bill up
some day this week in order to have the action
of the Senate on it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My particular objection
is that I gave notice to the committee that I
am opposed to that bill and shall object to its
being taken up at any time so far as I am
concerned, if I can prevent it.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senate must pass
judgment on.that point.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It does not meet my
approbation in any particular, and therefore I
do not want any day fixed for it at any rate.
ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF THE NAVY.
Mr. GRIMES. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs to report a bill (S. No.
318) to authorize the appointment of an addi-
tional Assistant Secretary of the Navy.
The bill was read a first time by its title and
passed to a second reading.
Mr. GRIMES. I will venture to ask the
Senate to suspend its rules in order to proceed
to the consideration of this bill. I think there
will be no hesitation in passing it with the
explanation that I shall be able to give of the
necessity of it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will be put on its second reading now, if there
be no objection, and then the question of its
consideration will be open.
The bill was read a second time at length.
It proposes to authorize the President of the
United States, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, to appoint an additional
Assistant Secretary of the Navy, who shall per-
form the same duties and receive the same
salary as is by law allowed to the present
Assistant Secretary of the Navy. The office
thus created is to cease by limitation in six
months from the approval of this act.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. It is due to the Senate that
I should state the reasons why the Committee
on Naval Affairs have proposed that such a
bill as this should be passed at this time.
A few days ago the two Houses of Congress
united in passing a joint resolution congratu-
lating the Emperor of Russia upon his escape
from assassination. When that resolution came
from the House of Representatives to the Sen-
ate, on the suggestion of the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations [Mr. Sum-
ner] it was amended so as to authorize and
direct the President of the United States to
transmit the resolution to the Emperor. Tho
present Assistant Secretary of the Navy had
filed his resignation, to take effect from to-day,
and, as the agent of the Navy Department, was
about to visit Europe for the purpose of inspect-
ing the various navy-yards, ships-of-war, and
improvements in each, and improvements in
ordnance and naval appliances that have been
perfected by the European nations during the
last few years. I suppose it is not unknown to
the members of this body that foreign nations,
and especially the British, are in the habit of
sending naval officers here to examine with the
utmost minuteness everything of that descrip-
tion that is done by us. It is probably known
to the members of this body that there is
attached to the British legation Captain Buythe-
sea, one ofthe most competent men in the Brit-
ish navy. He is employed for no other purpose
than to make such investigations as it is pro-
posedbythe Navy Department that the present
Assistant Secretary of the Navy shall make
during the months of this summer.
When the resolution congratulating the Em-
peror of Russia was adopted by Congress, it
was suggested by the Secretary of State, and
by some other persons connected with the
Administration, that Mr. Fox should be de-
puted to carry the congratulatory resolution to
Russia; and it was also suggested to him that
he should withdraw his resignation as Assist-
ant Secretary, for the reason that it would give
more Mat and would be more acceptable to
the Russian Government if he went in his
official capacity, as second in authority in tho
Navy Department, than if he went as a private
individual.
It is for that reason that this bill has been
reported. Added to this consideration is the
fact that on account of the peculiar phraseol-
ogy of the law organizing the Navy Depart-
ment, no one, in case of the absence, from
sickness or otherwise, of the Secretary of the
Navy, can perform the duties of that Depart-
ment except the Assistant Secretary; and in
order to guard against accidents, or the possi-
bility of anything of that kind happening, it is
proposed to pass this bill. Mr. Box proposes
to start in the Miantonomoh, an iron-clad ship,
a class of improved impregnable vessels, for
which this country is indebted to him more
than to any other person in the world except
to Mr. Ericsson, now lying at Halifax and ready
to go—the best iron-clad ship, I believe, in the
world, and which, we hope, and he believes,
will safely cross the Atlantic. I believe tho
appearance of that ship in European waters
would have a greater tendency to promote
peace between the nations of Europe and this
country than all the diplomats we shall be
likely to send to Europe during the next thirty
years.
I will say, furthermore, that this can be at-
tended with no additional expense. The whole
sum that will be appropriated, should this bill
be passed into a law, will be $1,750, which will
not be so much as would be tho expense of
sending a special messenger to the Emperor
