1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1821
terrible, their claims have been referred to a
joint committee to report upon ; and perhaps
more terrible still, gentlemen here charge that
they are denied representation. I assert, sir,
that they have never been denied the right of
representation. I have said that Congress is
to judge of the condition of these people; but
it is for them to show themselves ready for rep-
resentation here. If there is delay, it is their
own fault.
♦Three months' delay! Why, sir, I have been
one of those most urgent for the reports of
the reconstruction committee. I want the
country to know that full justice will be done.
I am anxious that each State shall be found
fitted for representation ; but when I remem-
ber that the regular Election Committee, with
no evidence to take, has not yet reported upon
several of its cases, I believe the country will
not expect too much of a committcewhich has
to consider the most delicate questions over
presented to Congress, and which has already
reported several bills of an importance not to
be over-estimated.
Oh! but it is said, the committee is a joint
one and revolutionary; it ties up the Houses
to inaction. The Library Committee is a joint
one. yet I never heard of its creating a revolu-
tion, even in literature ! The Printing Com-
mittee is a joint one, but thus far has not de-
stroyed the liberties of the press! Each
subject presented is referred to some commit-
tee, and is only acted oil as it reports. Upon
this important subject the committee was made
a joint one, because it would be an anomaly to
receive members from any State in this House
when in the Senate its laws were found to cause
a delay in the reception of Senators, and vice
■versa. The Houses are acting separately and
respectively in this matter as in all others, joint
reports only enabling them to present the ques-
tion more speedily and harmoniously.
Admit cach district to representation, is the
demand. Sir, it is the State which sends Sen-
ators, and the Legislature of the State which
elects tliem. It is the State to which we must
guaranty a republican form of government. It
was by State conventions the people assembled
to reorganize, not, by districts. Wo are judg-
ing how far the work of reorganization is good.
Stale lines are not obliterated, though the false
doctrine of State rights is. The claimants from
Tennessee, by memorial to us, tell how their
State has been reorganized. They "submit
that-the said government is republican in form
as well as in spirit, and tliey ask that the tame
be recognized and its perpetuity guarantied as
the true and proper government of the State of
Tennessee;" not that they should be admitted
by districts and our duties to their State shirked.
And here let me say I hope the day is near
when this recognition and guarantee shall be
given. 'Tennessee furnished thirty thousand
gallant soldiers to the Union Anuy, several of
whom are elected to seats here. She was ex-
cepted in the proclamation of emancipation ;
but one of the first acts of her Legislature was
to ratify the "constitutional amendment," by
a unanimous vote ; and while her functions, or
those of any State fully organized before the
war ended, might be restored before a change
in the basis of representation is finally ratified
by the States, T believe she would adopt that,
too. She (a,s well as Maryland and Missouri)
excludes rebels from voting till a term of years
shall have naturalized, if not nationalized,
them. Above all, her laws—so the committee
seem to report—have accepted the issue of the
war and embodied its results.
I hope I have disposed of the question of
receiving members by districts. But if gen-
tlemen desire to be technical—and I do not—
if powers exercised with an honest purpose
are questioned because the two Houses, the
Congress, are doing what it is contended each
House should do separately, let mo add that,
from the insurrectionary States organized since
the rebellion ceased, there has not perhaps
been a single member elected to this House
constitutionally, or who could take his seat if
the Supreme Court instead of ourselves had
to determine the question. Article one, sec-
tion two of the Constitution prescribes that—
"When vacancies happen in the representation
from any State, the executive authority thereof shall
issue writs of election to fill such vacancies."
If it be alleged that the southern members
left by districts, and so may return to their
places, I answer that the Executive of the State
must issue the writs of election. If, on the other
hand, as the President well says in his several
proclamations appointing provisional govern-
ors, the rebellion "has, in its revolutionary
progress, deprived the people [of each State] of
all civil government,'' such government must
be established anew. The President directed
conventions to be chosen by the loyal people in
each such State, with authority "to present
such a republican form of State government as
will entitle the State to the guarantee of the
United States therefor." Surely it cannot be
that with the Stale laws not yet reestablished,
a convention may redistriet a State, or order
elections for members of the national Legisla-
ture.
Yet in all of these States save one there was
such haste to obtain power again they could
not wait till an Executive was elected, but the
writs were issued under the provisional govern-
ors, and the elections ordered without law by
the conventions. The North Carolina certifi-
cates are even signed by " W. W. Holden,
Provisional Governor.'' in South Carolina the
Legislature ordered the election, but there was
no Executive to sign the law, and it cannot even
be supported under their old laws, as the con- •
volition had redistricted the State. In Vir-
ginia fourteen delegates and six Senators, calling
themselves a Legislature, not only changed the
time of election for members of Congress but,
assumed the duties which, under long-settled
usage, belong only to a convention called for
the purpose, and changed their constitution.
The accusation of delay may be still better
appreciated when I state that, except from Ten-
nessee, Arkansas, and one or two from Louisi-
ana, there are very few of those sent here who
could take "the iron-clad oath" if the doors
were thrown open to them.
Is Texas denied representation? Thus far
no Governor or member of Congress has been
elected in this State, where'Generals Howard
and Gregory tell us slavery still virtually exists.
Her convention is only now in session.
What of Georgia, which sends as Senators
Alexander II. Stephens, the vice president of
the confederacy, and Herschel V. Johnson, of
the rebel senate ? Her provisional governor
telegraphed to the President, "No members
of Congress elected can take the oath." Do
we deny representation to her or has she par-
alyzed herself?
And Mississippi, which, after electing as
Governor a confederate major general, who
was pardoned to enable him to take the office,
passed laws so \iolati\e of equal liberty under
the Constitution and equal light before the law
that, the President instructed General Thomas
to disregard them ?
What of Virginia, which restored rebels to
the right of suffrage, and whose unjust vagrant
laws, founded, too, on a previous agreement
among the planters to keep down wages, Gen-
eral Terry had to set aside?
How is it, ivjth South Carolina, whose Legis-
lature, after repeated requests from the Pres-
ident to repudiate the rebel debt, took good
care to adjourn without doing so, having pro-
vided that " persons of color shall be known
as servants and those they contract with as
masters?"
And Alabama, whose Executive is Governor
Patton, the confederate cotton loan agent, and
whose aristocratic and anti-republican laws,
almost reenacting slavery, among other harsh
inflictions impose an imprisonment of three
months and a tine of $100 upon any one own-
ing fire-arms, and a tine of fifty dollars and six
months' imprisonment on any servant or la-
borer (white or black) who loiters away his
time or is stubborn or refractory?
Can Florida complain ? By an ordinance of
the convention, adopted November 4, 1,865, a
vagrant in that State shall be punished by a
fine not exceeding $500 and imprisoned for a
term not exceeding twelve months, or by being
sold for a term not exceeding twelve months,
a,t the discretion of the court; the conven-
tion, be it understood, the same week declar-
ing that "slavery hau been destroyed in this
State by the Goveramentof the United States,"
and no later vagrant act having been reported
to us.
It is with no pleasure that I cite either the
law or the facts against any of these States. I
wish both were otherwise. What I have said
has been by way of defense not attack. It will
be a proud day when, their rehabilitation com-
plete, the loyal Representatives from all of
them can meet here, beneath the shadow of
the old flag, remembering its glories, rejoicing
in its triumphs, consecrating it for the domin-
ion of a continent in the future, and still un-
folding its undying promise to the oppressed
throughout the world. When that time, I trust
not far distant, shall come, paeans of joy will be
chanted all ovet the land, and the thunder from
a thousand brazen throats, speeding over hill
and prairie and river, will be echoed far across
the sea, proclaiming in tones never again to be
mistaken, that American liberty and American
union shall go hand in hand down the pathway
of the ages. God speed the day! But while
it is a beautiful thing to be merciful, it is still
grander to do right. Disloyal practices, unjust
legislation, oppression, and wrong must not
again be the stepping-stones to power. These
local governments, in their reconstruction, must
be built on the eternal principles of right, or
crumbling upon their own citizens, they may
once more shake to their foundations the very
pillars of the temple of liberty. The loyal men
of the South, overborne during the rebellion and
almost excluded now, demand it at our hands;
common justice, a common country, cry aloud
to us to be true.
We have been merciful. Never did a nation
behave more generously. We fought for the
flag, for liberty, for law, for the Union. There
was no rancor, no vengeance, not even retri-
bution, only a holy love of country, an un-
swerving belief that our cause was just, that
we were stewards for posterity and dared not
betray our trust, that death was better than
dishonor. Our merchant marine was swept
from the seas by pirates, our prisoners were
starved, guerrillas murdered our straggler's,
arson was plotted for our cities. We met bit-
terness with dignity. We told our wrongs only
that civilization might shudder'at them. As-
cribing them all to the teachings of slavery,
we cared for the captives and still pleaded for
justice in the name of liberty. When the in-
surrection was crushed the rebels had little
right to expect, and did not expect, to partici-
pate in the national councils for years. Their
soldiers, brave in a bad cause, have no com-
plaint now. Those who fought on either side
understood this question fully. They felt the
struggle, they knewwhat.it was for, and neither
side supposed that victory meant defeat. Our
kindness did not end here. Wc saved their
cities from the torch applied by their own gen-
erals. Want stared them in the face; high and
low, every ago, sex, and condition received
supplies from the Union Army. Desolation
followed in the track of war; the rebellion had
brought enfranchisement, for white and black,
and this great Government did its mostgenerous
deed in providing a Bureau for Refugees and
Freedmen, that these suffering southern men
and women, white and black, might be sus-
tained till the right to labor and to receive the
rewards of labor should be recognized; until
confidence restored and business flowing in its
accustomed channels, should render the depart-
ment needless.
The committee on destitution and supplies,
of Alabama, reported to their Legislature that
in January of this year the Freedmen's Bureau
distributed 1.3,000 rations per day; "given
alike to whites and blacks." In Septem-
ber last the assistant commissioner at Mobile
