1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL OLOjBE.
of Russia, as the President is required to send
if he does not adopt some such plan as this.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
CIRCUIT COURT IN VIRGINIA.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 063) to regulate the time and fix the
place for holding the circuit court of the Uni-
ted States in the district of Virginia, and for
other purposes, have instructed me to report
it back with an amendment; and I ask for its
present consideration. It merely changes the
place of holding the court from Norfolk to
Richmond, and fixes the time. I presume
there will be no objection to it.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
The amendment reported by the Committee
on the Judiciary was to strike out the following
clause:
And special or adjourned terms of said court may
be held at such time and on such notice as may be
ordered and prescribed by the Chief Justice of the
Supreme Court of the United States, with the same
power and j urisdiction as at regular terms. And said
court, at any such regular, special, or adjourned
terms, shall have power to issue and enforce all writs
and process, make all orders, and do-all acts neces-
sary for the due administration of justice and the
exercise of their jurisdiction.
So as to make the bill read as follows :
Be it enacted, <&c., That the circuitcourt of the Uni-
ted States in the district of Virginia shall be held at
the city of Richmond, commencing on the first Mon-
day in May and on the fourth Monday of November,
in each year; and the said court may adjourn its ses-
sion, now authorized, from Norfolk to Richmond, and
there hold the same, and transfer to said last-named
place all records, files, process, and property pertain-
ing to said court. And all proceedings and process in
or issuing out of said court, which are or ma y be made
returnable to anyother times or places appointed for
holding said court than herein prescribed, shall be
deemed legally returnable on theday specified and at
Richmond, and not otherwise; andall suits and other
proceedings in said court which stand continued to
any time or place shall be deemed continued to the
place and time prescribed by this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendment be
engrossed and the bill read a third time. The
bill was read the third time and passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. TAN WINKLE asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
joint resolution (S. R. No. 90) to suspend
temporarily the collection of the direct tax
■within the State of West Virginia; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee' on Finance.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 319)
to apportion the issue of the national currency
to the several States and Territories and to the
District of Columbia; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Finance,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARRIS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
820) to amend an act entitled " An act for a
grant of lands to the State of Kansas, in alter-
nate sections, to aid in the construction of cer-
tain railroads and telegraphs in said State,"
approved March 3, 1 SGo ; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. NYE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 91) to refer the claim of Frederick
Vincent, administrator of Le Caze <fc Mallet,
to the Court of Claims; which was read t\v ice
by its title.
Mr. NYE. I presume there will be no
objection to the resolution, and I ask for its
present consideration. It is simply a propo-
sition to refer a Claim to the Court of Claims.
The resolution was read at length.
Mr. CONNESS. Is it not establishing an
' entirely new rule?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the
present consideration of the joint resolution
objected to?
Mr. TRUMBULL. This would be con ferring
a new jurisdiction upon the Court of Claims
by an act of Congress. I do not know that
it is objectionable, but I think it ought to
be examined in reference to the principles
involved.
Mr. NYE. Let it be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If it has already been
examined by a committee and reported I do
not desire to have it referred.
Mr. NYE. Let -this resolution go to your
committee. I did not know it was -to change
any rule. I move that it be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
ASIATIC CHOLERA.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 116) to prevent the in-
troduction of the cholera into the ports of the
United States.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the joint resolution, the pend-
ing question being on the amendment of Mr.
Sumner to the amendment reported by the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, when this
measure was before the Senate a few days since
I had stated in part my reasons for supposing
that it was not within the constitutional power
of Congress to pask it, and I have but a word
or two to add in addition.
The honorable member from Massachusetts
[Mr. Sumxer] placed the authority to pass
this measure upon the commercial power
conferred upon Congress by the Constitution.
According to his interpretation of that power,
there is hardly anything that might not be
done, not only by Congress with the assent of
the States, but by Congress in spite of the
States. I think the honorable member and
the Senate will find upon turning to the cases
to which he alluded, the passenger cases, and
more particularly to the license cases and the
case of Houston vs. Moore, reported, I think,
in 5 Wheaton, that this principle has been
over and over again proclaimed as the true
one with reference to the power of Congress
under that clause; that it does not in any man-
ner conflict with the police power of the States;
that it therefore does not conflict with any
power which the States may deem necessary
to preserve the health or the morals of their
citizens ; that it does not, consequently, con-
flict with the power which the States have ever
been supposed to possess, not as a concurrent,
but as an exclusive power, to establish quar-
antine. The passenger cases, upon which my
friend from Massachusetts perhaps in the main
relied, were cases involving the validity of an
act of the Legislature of New York, which im-
posed a tax upon every captain or olficer of a
vessel, one dollar and a half or two dollars—I
forget the exact amount—for each passenger
landed in New York : and subjected him to a
penalty unless he paid the tax; and it appro-
priated the proceeds of the tax to two pur-
poses, one of which was for a hospital, and the
other, I think, for the insane. The opinion of
the Supreme Court, as pronounced bv Mr.
Justice McLean, placed the invalidity of that
law entirely upon the ground that it afi'ected
the vessel and the rights of the master and the
passengers, not after they were landed but be
lore they were landed. It was intended to be
a license for the authority to land, and was
intended to appropriate the sum which the
party was obliged to pay in the nature of a
license for some State purpose. But the hon-
orable member will find if he will look at the
opinion of the judge to whom I allude, that
throughout he not only recognized the author-
ity of the States to establish quarantine, but
treated that authority as an exclusive one.
And oil looking at the oilier case to which the
honorable member referred, that of Gibbons
vs. Ogden, reported in 9 Wheaton, the honor-
able member will find that Chief Justice Mar-
shall, in speaking for the whole court, recog-
nized the validity of State quarantine laws,
not only as laws passed in the exercise of a
concurrent power, bat as laws valid, because
the States possessed exclusive power over the
subject.
Now, what is proposed to be done by this
act? Passing by the supposition that it will
accomplish its purpose, supposing that the
Army and the Navy can be used practically for
the purpose of preventing the malaria, if it be a
malaria, caused by the air's being infected by
the presence of the disease brought here by
persons who may be laboring under the disease,
it gives to Congress the authority to go into the
States and establish hospitals or quarantine, or
do anything else which m the judgment of the
three Secretaries, who are constituted a board
for that purpose, may be necessary to keep out
the disease, if it can be kept out, or arrest its
spread. Where is that power to terminate? If
Congress has the authority to legislate upon the
subject, if the preservation of the health of the
country is one of the objects intrusted to Con-
gress at all, it is a power not limited to the sea-
port, not limited in its exercise to the city, but
it must be coextensive with the entire country;
and if the cholera after making its appearance
in the city of New York is supposed, in the
judgment of the board, to be likely to spread
all over the State of New York, unless it shall be -
arrested by the Army and the Navy and by the
measures which they shall be reccynmended to
adopt by physicians in order to keep the disease
from spreading, they can go all over the State
and establish hospitals, establish quarantine,
so as to impede commerce strictly territorial,
strictly internal. .
In the cases adverted to ^ot a single judge
j| doubted that the internal commerce of the
; States was never submitted to regulation by
Congress under the commercial power. Indeed,
the very terms in which the power is commu-
nicated exclude the idea that it was intended
to embrace internal commerce. The power
conferred is the power to regulate commerce
between foreign nations and the United States
and commerce among the States. Marshall,
therefore, in the case alluded to'of Gibbons vs.
Ogden, admitted, as clear beyond dispute, as
a proposition never disputed anywhere during
the deliberations of the Convention or by any
judicial opinion pronounced in any case in
which the question arose, that the internal com-
merce of the States was with the States exclu-
sively. If that proposition be true, (and I am
sure m}' friend, the Senator from Massachu-
setts. will not deny it,) does it not follow that
what you propose to do is without authority pro-
vided" it conflicts with that proposition? A man
wants to go from the city of New York to Albany
with his vessel, or to travel on thg canal from
Albany to the extreme lakes. That commerce
is clearly internal; but, like foreign commerce,
it may be the means of spreading the disease;
and if Congress, under the authority to regu-
late commerce, hasa right to prevent the spread
of the disease, or the introduction of the dis-
ease, it must have an authority to prevent it from
spreading-anyivhere or from being introduced
anywhere. It may for the first time be intro-
duced into Albany or into any of the towns sit-
uated upon the canal which connects the Hud-
son with the lakes: and what 1 sa\ of New
' j York is applicable to all the other States. What
j| do you propose to do ? To let the doctors get
j I together and advise the board, which you are
.1 about to constitute by this resolution, formed
;j of the three Secretaires. The disease may be
:i introduced into Albany, or. if it makes its first
j appearance in the city of New York, it may find
its way into Albany.' They will therefore call
!; upon the Secretaries to establish a quarantine
! at Albany, and as quarantine may not answer
the purpose absolutely as the disease may find
its way into Albany in "spite of the quarantine,
and one" or more cases may be found oceiwnng
in Albany, then the way to prevent the spread
, of the disease is to do what w^ do with the
