1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3541
friends would support. I desire that the bill
may be taken up now and acted on.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not know that this is
such a bill as the gentleman states. I only
want to have an opportunity to examine it and
see what it is. I do not desire that a bill, the
effect of which we do not know, shall be passed
in this way.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania would not allow any time the other
day for the examination of his hill.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman insists on
the consideration of the bill at this time, I object
to its introduction.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move to suspend
the rules to allow mo to introduce the bill.
Mr. STEVENS. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays. I again say that I have no
objection to the introduction of the Jjill if the
gentleman will let it lie over for oijMay.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. If the hill be re-
ceived, I am willing that it should go over till
to-morrow, if we can have an agreement by
which it shall be considered as a special order.
Mr.^STEVENS. That will suit me.
The SPEAKER. If the bill be postponed
until to-morrow immediately after the reading
of the Journal, it will take precedence of the
special order for to-morrow.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. That will suit me.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the bill will be introduced, ordered to be
printed, and postponed until to-monow im-
mediately after the reading of the Journal.
There was no objection.
MESSAGE J?ItOM TIIE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate,
by Mr. Forney, its Secretary, in which it was
announced that the Senate had agreed to the
amendments of the House to Senate bills of
the following titles:
An act (S. No. 221) relating to the lar.ds
granted to the State of Minnesota to aid in
constructing railroads;
An act (S. No. 15G) making an additional
grant, of lands to the State of Minnesota in
alternate sections to aid in the construction of
a railroad in said State ;
An act (S. No. 58) granting lands to the
State of Oregon to aid in the construction of a
military road from Corvallis to the Aquina
bay; and
An act (S. No. 00) granting lands to the
State of Oregon to aid in the construction of
a military road from Albany, Oregon, to the
western boundary of said State.
It further announced that the Senate had
agreed to the reports of the committees of
conference on the joint resolution and bill of
the following titles:
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 52) to provide
for the expenses attending the exhibition of
the products of industry of the United States
at the Exposition at Paris in 1807 ; and an act
(H. II. No. 613) to continue in force and to
amend an act to establish a Bureau for the
Relief of Freedmen and Refugees, and for
other purposes.
It further announced that the Senate had
passed a joint resolution and bills of the fol-
lowing titles, in which he was directed to ask
the concurrence of the House:
Joint resolution (S. li. No. 93) for the ap-
pointment of a commission to examine and
report on certain claims of the State of Iowa;
An act (S. No. 31J for the relief of Jas. Pool;
An act (S. No. 352) granting to A. Sutro the
right of way and granting other privileges to
aid ill the construction of a draining and ex-
ploring tunnel to Comstock lode, in the State
of Nevada; and
An act (S. No. 402) to confirm the title of
Ethan Ray Clark and Samuel Ward Clark to
certain lauds in the State of Florida, claimed
under a grant from the Spanish Government.
It further announced the Senate had passed
bills of the followingtitles, the first without and
the others with amendments, in which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House:
An act (H. R. No. 725) to provide for the
payments of the sixth, eighth, and eleventh
regiments of Ohio volunteer militia of Cin-
cinnati, Bard's company of cavalry, and Paul-
sen's battery, during the time they were in the
service of the United States in 1802;
An act (H. R. No. 557) to quiet the title to
certain lands within the corporate limits of the
jfity of Benicia; and
An act (H. R. No. 448) to authorize the
construction of a railroad through certain lands
of the United States in Kansas.
TARIFF BILL.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
S Co field in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the special order, being the bill
(H. R. No. 718) to provide increased revenue
from imports, and for other purposes.
The pending question was upon the motion
of Mr. Hubbard, of Connecticut, to s.trike out
on page 21, in line two hundred and twenty-
five, the words '-'on copper ore, fifteen per
'cent, ad valorem," on which Mr. Beajian was
entitled to the floor.
Mr. BEAMAN. Mr. Chairman, when the
Committee of the Whole rose on last Saturday
I was about to refer to the importance of the
copper mines of this country, and especially
those in the Lake Superior region. I desire
now to call the attention of the committee to
some facts in reference to the importance of
this interest. It seems to me, if gentlemen
will give a little attention to the condition of
these mines and the facts in reference to them,
there will be no doubt in the minds of any that
this amendment ought not to prevail.
Now, sir, there has been invested in the cop-
per region of Lake Superior over thiity million
dollars. There is now a population of over
fifty thousand people there, sustained by this
mining interest. There arc eighteen steamers
constantly employed in carrying freight grow-
ing out of this interest. This vast amount of
capital, this great industrial interest I have
referred to, is limited simply to the Lake Su-
perior region, having no reference to the vast
interests in California and in other parts of the
country.
The gentleman from Connecticut, [Mr. Hub-
bard,] who has moved this amendment, pro-
fesses he is in favor of protection. He says if
this amendment prevails there will still be a duty
oifive per cent, ad valorem upon copper ore;
and he seems desirous of impressing on the
minds of the committee that this is sufficient
protection. If gentlemen will look into the
question they will find that instead of being
sufficient protection it is no protection at all.
This mining interest previous to the break-
ins out of the war asked for no protection and
received no protection; and it will ask no pro-
tection to-day if you will put it in the condition
in which it was before the war. The truth i?,
that instead of offering protection to this min-
ing interest it has been discriminated against.
What are the facts? It has been estimated
that every one hundred pounds of copper, under
the internal revenue fax bill, now pays §4 65.
Under the internal revenue bill lately passed,
that is reduced to S3 05 upon every hundred
pounds of copper ore'. The increased cost has
been estimated to amount to fifty per cent,
over what it was previous to the breaking out
of the war because of the increased price of
labor in consequence of the internal rc\euue
tax imposed upon everything necessary to feed
and clothe the miners.
[Iiere the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the amendment.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. I with-
draw my amendment.
Mr. PHELPS. I renew the amendment.
Up to 1861 copper ore as raw material was
imported entirely free of duty. Under the
operation of that system the business of min-
ing and smelting copper ores in the eastern
States and Calit'or^, was developed to a very
considerable extent. The ore was obtained
principally fiom the States of Vermont, Con-
necticut, New Jersey, Maryland, Virginia,
North Carolina, Tennessee, and California.
Large smelting establishments, located princi-
pally with a view to facilities for obtaining coal
and transportation, were established at various
points on the Atlantic coast. In order to show
the extent to which this smelting business had
advanced, I will refer to a very large establish-
ment located in the neighborhood of Balti-
more, employing an amount of capital of over
$1,000,000, requiring for the transportation of
its products over seventy vessels, consuming
over thirty-five thousand tons of coal per an-
num, and capable of producing of pure copper
thirty thousand pounds a day or over five thou-
sand tons per annum. Upon that work alone
our Government was very largely dependent
during the war for its supply of copper for per-
cussion caps, cannon, and vessels.
For the successful manipulation of the native
ores there is required a considerable infusion
of foreign ore, principally imported from South
America—some from Cuba, but mainly from
Chili. The process of smelting copper is a
complicated and expensive one without that
infusion ; with it the process is materially
shortened and the expense very considerably
reduced. Indeed, without the employment of
this foreign material, the native ores cannot
be advantageous^ smelted. Consequently the
recent tariff upon foreign ores which was
required as an indispensable ingredient, so far
from being a protection to domestic produc-
tion or to home industry, is in point of facta,
discouragement to both. Under tho opciation
of the five per cent, ad valorem tariff now
imposed tho works to which I have referred,
located in the neighborhood of Baltimore, hu\ o
been prosecuted to a very considerable dis-
advantage, at a loss, as 1 am informed, during
the last year, of over $250,000.
It is now proposed to triple the weight now
loading down this interest by raising the duty
on ores from five to fifteen percent. This sud-
den and enormous increase cannot but be dis-
astrous not only to the copper-smelting, but the
copper-mining interests of all the States named.
This is not protection, but virtual prohibition
on the further development of American mines
excepting those on Lake Superior. These
mines yielding native copper require no flux
of foreign carbonate ores, but are refined by
a much simpler and less expensive piocess.
The present duty of five per cent., onerous to
the general copper-smelting interest of the
country, may be tolerated as a protection to
the Michigan miners. The inordinate increase
proposed by the committee may be well calcu-
lated to swell the profits of those operating in
that paiticular section.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PHELPS. 1 withdraw the amendment.
Mr. DiilGGS. I move to amend the para-
graph in relation to copper ore by striking out
"fifteen per cent." and inserting "twenty per-
cent."
Mr. Chairman, on the 22d of Jnne last I
offered the following resolution from the Com-
mittee on Mines and Mining :
"Jicsohed, That this committee respectfully rccom-
m cud to the Committee of Ways and Means the ncees-
f-ity ivhich, in Ihcir opinion. exists tor an uierea-ed
duty on foreign copper, with a view to scouring to the
homo production tair and just protection, at lea^t
equal to that which wn« affoKled previous to tho war
of the rebellion; and that in their opinion a duty <>1
at least six cents per pound should be, imposed uprni
foreign mgot copper, and not less than three cents
per pound on the pure copper in foreign ores."
Thirty million dollars are invested in my dis-
trict in copper mining. The business supports
a population of nearly fifty thousand people.
The fifteen per cent, in the bill does not more
than counteract the effect, of the indiiect taxes
in producing the article. It is not better than
free trade would be without, internal taxation.
The duly proposed by the Committee of Ways
