APPENDIX• TO THE COSTGRESSIONALs GLOBE.
[March 3,
Ho. ob Reps.
Reconstruction—Mr. Loan.
39th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
and character. ThePresidentnearlytwomonths
ago was called upon to furnish the papers re-
lating to the reorganization of these insurrec-
tionary. States, but he has thou ght proper, doubt-
less for sufficient reasons, to withhold those
papers. Possibly those papers might satisfy
Congress * that these reconstructed States are
prepared'to take part in the government of the
country. It is understood'that the committee
-ttre proceeding to take testimony, anditis hoped
that the testimony will Soon be reported to the
country, and that it will satisfy all fairniinded
men that these States will soon be prepared
for participation in. the legislation of Congress.
The ldyal people of the United States who
have p'Oured out so much blood, and given so
much treasure for its preservation, are in favor
of fully protecting the people of the rebellious
States, white and black, loyal and disloyal, but
they have the right to demand, and they should
demand, before intrusting the legislation of the
country to the framers and,administrates of
confederate governments, and to the soldiers
who have met their sons on bloody battle-fields,
ample security for the rights of loyal men of every
race, and for the money loaued the country in
its hour of need to arm, clothe, feed, equip, and
pay the defenders of the Republic.
Sir, politicians and presses are flippantly
denouncing the Congress of the United States,
and branding nine tenths of the men who
placed the present Administration in power as
radicals. For more than thirty years there has
been a class of men in our country who have
instinctively clung to every lingering wrong
and wailed over every rotten institution as it
fell.' Have' these political Bourbons yet to
learn that for the past thirty years the patriot-
ism, freedom, justice, humanity, and the pro-
gressive development of the Republic, have
been represented by the i-adieals ? Have they
forgotten that for thirty years, on every issue
before the country, the radicals have been vin-
dicated by events and bytlie verdict of history?
Surely gentlemen who prate of their conserva-
tism cannot have forgotten the glorious facts
thatthe radicals never plotted; never betrayed
the cause of freedom ; never fired upon the flag
of their country; never murdered the country's
defenders. Have these conservative gentle-
men forgotten what the world will ever remem-
ber, that the radicals never imprisoned women
for teaching little children to read God's holy
Word; never lashed on the bare back labor-
ing white men for expressing the opinion that
it would'be better for worldngmen if slavery
did not exist; never murdered editors nor hung
ministers of the living God for questioning the
divinity of slavery; never seized and stuffed bal-
lot-boxes to overrule the will of a free people;
never reddened the midnight skies with the
sacked and burning dwellings of a harmless
race; nor never gave halls for free discussion,
nor asylums for orphan children to the flames.
Yes, sir, let it ever be remembered that during
the past generation the denounced and branded
radicals, moving in harmony with the eternal
forces of nature and Gotfr, have achieved glori-
ous victories and won enduring triumphs in all
the struggles for country, for the rights of man,
for justice, for humanity, and for Christian civ-
ilization. While timid conservatism has ever
retreated from one lost battle for old abuses
to another, radicalism has met every demand
of slavery, of injustice, and of treason with a
prompt and emphatic ''No," and moved right j,
on to assured victories—victories that history
will record and coming generations will remem-
ber. In the struggles of the present and the
future, wherever there is a wrong to be righted,
a grievance to be redressed, or a right to be
vindicated, conservative presses and conserva-
tive politicians will find that the radicals will
go into the contest with the light of past vic-
tories on their faces. :
Sir, let conservative gentlemen who are ever
boastfully vaunting their conservatism remem-
ber that the crimes against country, against lib-
erty. against justice, and against humanity that
have marked the past thirty years in America,-
were-committed is the name of conservatism.
Let conservative gentlemen remember that con-
servatives trampled down for years in Congress
the sacred right of petition and the freedom of
speech; arraigned before the bar of the House
of Representatives the illustrious Adams, and
censured the fearless Giddings; manacled col-
ored seamen on. the- decks. of Massachusetts
ships-, and expelled their .counsel, the aged Sam-
uel Hoar, from South Carolina; annexed Texas
to make slavery perpetual, and opposed the ad-
mission of free California; rejected the prohi-
bition of slavery in New Mexico and Utah, and
enacted the fugitive slave law; repealed the
prohibition of slavery in Kansas, enacted slave
codes, murdered free State settlers and framed
Lecompton constitutions ; struck down a Sen-
ator on the floor of the Senate and fired upon
the flag covering bread for the starving garrison
of Sumter; organized treason and plunged the
nation into civil war; plotted insurrection in
the secret councils of the Knights of the Golden
Circle and fired orphan asylums in the city of
New York; slaughtered the captured garrison
of Fort Pillow and sacked and burned defense-
less Lawrence ; starved Union prisoners at An-
dersonville. and assassinated.the Chief Magis-
trate of the Republic. Every crime for a gen-
eration against liberty and the rights of man
in America has been committed by men who
vaunt their conservatism and denounce the
advocates of freedom, justice and humanity as
reckless agitators and radicals. Conservatism
has come to be a word in the political vocabu-
lary of America synonymous with cowardice,
treachery, baseness, and crime. It is a word
every man in America should' blush to use as
a word descriptive of any decent political organ-
ization.
Mr. President, the House, the Senate, the
Cabinet, the President, each and all should not
now forget to remember that they were clothed
with authority by a party inspired by patriotism
and liberty, a party that proclaims as its living
faith the sublime creed of the equal rights of
man and the brotherhood of all humanity, em-
bodied in the New Testament and in the Decla-
ration of Independence. Let Representatives,
Senators, Cabinet ministers, and the President,
amid the trials and temptations of the present,
fully realize that the great Republican party,
embracing in its ranks more of moral and intel-
lectual worth than was ever embodied in any
political organization in any age or in any land,
was created by no man or set of men, that it was
brought into being by Almighty God to represent
the higher and better sentiments of Christian
America, to bearthe flag of patriotism and liber-
ty, of justice and humanity. Brought into being
in 1854 to resist the repeal of the prohibition
of slavery in Kansas and Nebraska, the further
expansion of slavery into the depths of the con-
tinent, and the longer-domination of the slave
power, it has for twelve years, in defeat and in
victory, ever been true to country, ever faithful
to its flag, ever devoted to the rights of strug-
gling humanity. No political party in any coun-
try or in any age has fought on a plain so lofty,
or achieved so much for country, republican
institutions, the cause of freedom, of justice,
and of Christian civilization. If it should perish
now in the pride of strength and of power, by
the hand of suicide, or by the follies or treach-
eries of men ithas generously trusted, it will Feave
to after times a brilliant record of honor and
of glory. The enduring interests of the regen-
erated nation, the rights of man, and the eleva-
tion of an emancipated race alike demand that
the-great Union Republican party, the out-
growth and development of advancing civili-
zation in America, shall continue to administer
the Government it preserved, and frame the
laws for the nation it saved.
Sir, I trust this resolution will pass; that the
policy of the Senate and House of Represent-
atives will be settled.
Mr. SHERMAN. I dislike to interrupt the
Senator froire Massachusetts, but I should like
to address the Senate about ten minutes on a
matter personal to the Chief Justice, if ho will
allow me that time before the vote is taken.
Mr. WILSON. I will close in a few mo-
ments. '
Mr. SHERMAN. Very -well.
Mr. WILSON. When the policy of Con-
gress shall be determined, I hope the com-
mittee will report at the earliest possible day
upon the condition of the States, and espe-
cially npon the condition of Tennessee. When
the facts are before us, I trust the Senate will
proceed to act with calmness and dignity, un-
influenced by anything that may have been
said or done elsewhere. We have indeed fallen
upon evil times, when a Senator or Represent-
ative can rise unrebulced in tliese Chambers
and tell us what the President of the United
States will or will not do.
Sir, there was a time when a Senator who
should have said what we have recently heard
on this floor would have sunk into his seat under
the withering rebuke of his associates. No
Senator or Representative has a right to tell
us what the Executive will'do. The President
acts upon his own responsibility. We are Sen-
ators. this is the Senate of the United States,
and it becomes us to maintain the rights and
the dignity of the Senate of the United States.
The people demand that their Senators and
Representatives shall enact the needed meas-
ures to restore, at the earliest possible day, the
complete practical relations of the seceded
States to the national Government and protect
the rights and liberties of all the people with-
out regard to color, race, or descent. I con-
fess, Mi-. President, that I am saddened at
the present aspects of public affairs; but I am
confident that the nation will pass through the
trials that thickcn around us. God has not
carried the country through this great struggle
to abandon it now. I have faith in the people,
faith in the eminent men, civil and military,
who have carried us triumphantly through this
great civil war. Two years ago, in a trving
hour of the country, we placed a great soldier
at the head of all our armies and lie led tho<e
armies to victory and the country to peace.
Perhaps a patriotic and liberty-loving people,
if disappointed in their aspirations and their
hopes, may again turn to that great captain and
summon him to marshal them to victors-.
Reconstruction.
SPEECH OF HON. B. F. LOAN,
OP MISSOURI,
Is the HorsE of Representatives,
March 3, I860,
On the relation of the rebel States to the Government,
and the duty of the Government in reestablishing
the Union.
Mr. LOAN said:
Mr. Speaker : The absorbing question that
demands the attention of national authority
at this time, relates to national unity. Dis-
cord and civil war have divided our unhappy
country, and threatened its destruction. Guided
by an insane ami malignant purpose, eleven
States, in violation of "all law, formally re-
nounced their allegiance to this Government
and organized for themselves separate de facto
governments, and attempted to achieve "their
| independence by war. After four years of civil
war such as no other nation cnuld "endure and
live, the rebel armies surrendered and the con-
test upon the battle-field for the dismember-
ment of the Republic has ceased for the pres-
ent.^ The rebels yielded, not because they were
willing to surrender the cause for which they
fought, not because they repented of their trea-
son. not because they desired to return to their
allegiance, but because they were exhausted
and overwhelmed by an irresutible forefc. "Ik*-
