3542
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
and Means is too low. It ought to be at least
twenty per cent. This would be no injustice
to the smelters, because the duty on the cop-
per after it is smelted mud® more than covers
the whole duty on the ore.
The manufacturers of copper cannot com-
plain, because they are protected enough to
cover the duty on the copper and the labor
they employ in addition. To strike off the duty
on ore is to rob the poor miners of the neces-
saries of life and the Government of so much
revenue, and all to swell the dividends of*the
capital invested in working up the ores.
If this policy be adopted it will depopulate
the Lake Superior district, and by destroying
one of the largest sources of supply it will in-
jure the consumers of copper, while it destroys
the producers. It can be demonstrated that
the losses "in the Lake Superior region in a
single year, owing mainly to the legislation of
Congress, have been more than all the capital
invested in smelting foreign copper ores in the
United States.
I appeal to this House to consider the thirty
millions of capital invested in mining copper
on Lake Superior, to consider the six large
smelting-worKs located in the West; three on
the lake shore, one at Detroit, one at Cleve-
land, and one at Pittsburg, all smelting do-
mestic copper. For all these and the toiling
thousands employed by them, including fifty
thousand of my own constituents, whose very
bread is involved, as against the avaricious
demands of the three establishments on the
whole Atlantic coast that smelt foreign ore.
To strike off the duty would Be an outrage. I
ask that the duties on foreign copper ores be
raised to twenty per cent, ad valorem. I ask
it as an act of simple justice to the miners and
the capital invested, and as indispensable to
continued and successful mining.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, I trust when
the subject of coal comes up here my friend
from Maryland [Mr. Phelps] will reproduce
his present argument upon raw material. The
rate fixed in the bill on copper ore was fixed
with considerable care upon information re-
ceived by the Committee of Ways and Means
from all parties. It is true that there ought
tobe some duty fixed upon copper ore, or it
might be liable to the same misfortune that
would happen in th6 case of lead ore admitted
without duty. If we should impose a high
duty on lead and then let lead ore come in
free, which does not shrink more than twenty-
five pej- cent, by smelting, our duty on lead
would be entirely nugatory. And now, if we
place a duty of four or five cents upon copper
and allow copper ore to come in free, of course
copper will be brought in in the shape of ore,
for a large amount of the cost of copper is in
the labor expended in producing the ore. Fif-
teen per cent., however, in my judgment, is all
that should be put upon copper ore. I am not
quite certain that it ought to be more than
twelve, but certainly fifteen per cent, is enough.
If the duty \vas raised to six cents a pound on
copper, then it would be quite proper to raise
the duty on copper ore to something like twenty
per cent.; but while it remains as we have it,
fifteen per cent, is just about an equal'rate. I
hope, therefore, that the amendments will not
prevail on either side, whether to increase or
diminish the rate proposed in the bill. Now,
I think all sides have been heard on this ques-
tion, and I move that the committee rise for
the purpose of closing debate on the subject
of copper.
Several Members. Oh, no, we will take the
vote now.
Mr. DRIGGS. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. If it is understood that the
vote will be taken now I withdraw my motion.
Mr. J. L. THOMAS. Mr. Chairman, I move
to amend by striking out "fifteen'' and insert-
ing five." I am not here in the interests of
any individual or any corporation, but to do the
greatest good to the whole country. I am in
favor of developing the great internal resources
of the country, whether it be manufacturing
or producing, and for that purpose to protect
by an adequate and just tariff both the manu-
facturer and the producer. But while I am in
favor of this, I am opposed to any tariff that
will protect one interest to the detriment of
another; that will discriminate in favor of the
manufacturer and against the producer, or that
will protect the manufacturing interests of
Massachusetts and give no protection to thap
manufacturing and mining interest of Mary^1
land. My colleague, [Mr. Phelps,] who has
had this special section in his charge, has al-
ready given the reasons why we desire some
protection for the copper.manufacturers of our
State.
The copper manufacture of Maryland is no
mean or insignificant interest. It employs
many hundreds of thousands of dollars in its
capital, gives work to hundreds of men, and
expends thousands of tons of coal and copper
in carrying on the business. This enterprise
was started when there was no duty on copper,
and it has grown steadily under adverse cir-
cumstances, until to-day it stands second to the
iron interests of my State in so far as manu-
facturing is concerned. The present tariff puts
a duty of five per cent, ad valorem on foreign
copper.   This was enough, and these infant
manufactories have struggled hard to meet the
high wages fhey are obliged to pay and to com-,
pete with the foreign manufacturer of copper.
If you put an additional tariff of ten per cent,
it will have the tendency not only seriously to
cripple, but it is feared to suspend the manu-
facture altogether. The consequence will be
that not one tenth the amount of native ore
now consumed will hereafter be required, and
consequently the producer of the metal will
suffer in proportion. As has already been stated,
it is absolutely necessary to use a certain per-
centage of the foreign ore in order properly to
smelt the native ore. The native ore cannot
be smelted either as successfully or as profitably
as when used in conjunction with foreign ore,
owing to the fact that the foreign ore contains
more of the oxide. Now, what wo ask for is
no discrimination against Lake Superior ore.
In this connection 1 desire to read some ex-
tracts from a printed circular signed by J. C.
Hoadley, (who appears to ]iave examined into
the matter,) showing the amount of copper used
in this country, and some valuable suggestions
in relation to the tariff on copper:
Baltimore, March 26,186S.
Sir : I avail myself of your permission to state as
concisely as possible my views of the legislation re-
quired to socure and promoto the interests of the
wholccoppcr trade, inoluding mining, smelting, man-
ufacturing. and rcworkin? in tho arts.
1. The supply of copper from tho native copper and
native ores has hitherto been less than the consump-
tion in the arts, and the deficit has been made ,iP
partly by the importation of refined copper, but
chicily by the importation of foreign copper ores.
2. The production of copper from our own minesis
now sufficient to supply the American market with
all it can absorb; but on account of the necessity of
mixing copper ores of various kinds for profitable
smelting, part of tho ores of California are exported
to England, and their placo is supplied by about an
equal quantity from Chili.
3. Tho preceding facts are shown in a moro exact
form in the subjoined statement:
Annual consumption of copper in the United States,
usually estimated at  25,000,000 tbs.
Amount of product, of the mines of the Lake Su-
perior region, twelve or fifteen million pounds,
say  12,000,000 lbs.
Product of the mines of California, in
fine copper  10,000,000
Product of Vermont, Maryland, Vir-
ginia, North Carolina, and Tennes-
see, estimated at  3,000,000
25,000,000 lbs.
Of the product of California there was exported, in
fine copper  4,000,000 lbs.
Brought to the Atlantic sea-board to be
smelted  6,000,000
Total, as before  10,000,000 lbs.
Ores imported from Chili, in fine cop-
per, about  3,600,000 lbs.
Prom Canada and Cuba, about  400,000
Total, equal to export from California, 4,000,000 lbs.
4. The price of fine copper in the markets of the
world and in the currency of commerce (gold) is im-
mediately dependent upon the price in England,
since that country is the only one in the world whero
ores are imported and smelted for a profit. Her im-
ports of copper are nearly equal to five times our:
entire consumption, and the products of her smelting!
furnaces are probably equal to one half of the pro-
duction in the round world.
5. While we were importers of refined copper, its
price in our market was almost always, and still is,
about the cost of importation from England; that is,
the price in sterling money reduced to United Statesi
currency, plus tho import duty, two and a half cents,
per pound in gold, and the cost of importation, freight,
and charges, commissions, insurance, loss of interest,
&c., amounting to one cent per pound in coin, the
whole amounting to three and a lialf cents in gold,
equal to about four and a half cents in United States'
currency at the present time.
6. When we become a copper exporting country,
the price here will fall to the English price less the
cost of exportation.to England, equal to one cent
in coin, or about one and a auarter cent in United
States currency, at present. The difference between
the import price and the export price is, therefore,
about four and a half cents in gold, equal to, say, five
and three quarter cents in currency. Asthero must
bo hope of _prpfit to turn tho scale, this difference, is
in fact, non than five cents in gold, equal to six
and a quarwfr cents in currency, and about twenty
per cent, of the current price of ingot copper.
7. The production of copper in theUnitcd Statesis
rapidly increasing; for although some of the Lake
Superior mines produce less, or run out altogether,
other mines are opened, so that that important inter-
est retains its relative rank, as the source of about
one half of our supply of .copper; and thf rapid
development of the mines of California, together
with the aggregate results of new mining enterprises
in other States, has already brought our supply up
to our consumption, and will soon carry it beyond,
unless our consumption largely increases.
8. The consumption of copper depends mainly on
price. t For so many purposes other metals, such as
sheet iron, tinned iron, galvanized iron, zinc, and
lead may be substituted where copper is preferred,
that with copper a high price means small consump-
tion.
9. Almost the whole quantity consumed, both as
sheet copper and yellow metal, in the sheathing of
ships, will be transferred from American to English
manufacturers unless the revenue laws be changed
so as to relieve those articles of all burdensom taxa-
tion, byadrawback equal to the entire enhancement
of the price of said articles by import duties and ex-
cise taxes, since ship-owners can as well sheathe their
ships-in one port as in another. This is about one
third of our whole annual consumption.
* $ £ $ *s lit
11. To compensate the mining and smelting inter-
est for this high excise tax there must of course be a
corresponding import duty on refined copper; and
such duty should be efficient to compensate them
for the whole burden of taxes on fuel, &c.
12. In view of the rapid approach of the time when
we shall have to seek a market abroad for our cop-
per, I do not regard a duty, even a heavy duty, on
copper in pigs, bars, and ingots as a real burden upon
the manufacturer and consumer. While, in my&idg-
ment, the present duty of two and a half cents per
pound in gold is aboutright, lean see no good objection
to raising it to five ccnts, if tho Lake Superior mining
interest deem it important for their protection; and
if the excise tax on their products be increased the
import duty^hould cloarly be increased in propor-
tion.
13. But in any event tho small quantity of foreign "
ores required to mix with our native ores (and no
other foreign ores can be imported) should be admit-
ted free, or with only a nominal duty.
14. If, in accordance with the views of the Lake
Superior mining interest, the import duty on refined
copper be increased, then the drawback on copper
and yellow metal sheathing should be proportion-
ately increased, since the consumers of these articles
are not amenable to import duties, and any tax on
the materials or manufacture merely drives the busi-
ness out of the country.
Begging pardon for the crudeness and diffuseness
with which these views are presented, but with an
earnest desire that the importance of the views them-
selves should be fully realized,
I remain, very respectfully, yours, &c.,
J. C. HOADLEY,
Agent of the New Bedford Copper Company.
Hon. Daniel A. Wells,
Chairman of the United States Revenue Commission.
It will be seen from this ifeat it is recom-
mended by this gentleman that the small
quantity of foreign ore required for mixing
with our native ore should be admitted free.
I believe, Mr. Chairman, the effect of this will
be not only^ to build up a great manufactur-
ing copper interest in the country, but neces-
sarily to use ten times the amount of native
copper, and thus to develop that interest. You,
cannot expect to find a market for your copper
in foreign countries, and it appears to me the.
best way to develop that interest is to foster'
and increase your copper manufactories. If
you close your manufactories less copper will
be used and less mined; and, as is shown in
the paper I have read, the use of foreign cop-
per in the smelting of our native ore is not
disadvantageous to the increased use of the
latter.
Mr. MORRILL, I move that the commit-
