1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
559
there is not a northern State that does not out-
bid tliem for emigrants and offer superior in-
ducements to the capitalist and those that are
infinitely more 'attractive to him who has but
his labor and that of his family to sell. Penn-
sylvania needs a million laborers. She can
feed and clothe and house them all should they
come to her in the current year. We want
them to gather and refine petroleum, to con-
struct and manage railroads, to conduct our in-
ternal carrying trade, to build factories, forges,
furnaces, founderies, and the towns they will
beget; to quarry slate, zinc, coal, iron, mar-
ble, and the thousand other elements of wealth
condensed within the limits of our State. Inert,
as these natural elements of wealth 4ire, they
are of no available value ; but the quickening
touch of labor will transmute them all to gold,
and energy and enterprise and capital, in the
hands of men whose earlier years were passed
in manual labor, arc holding out to industry
the richest bribes to induce it to come and help
pay our national debt and increase our coun-
try's power by enriching themselves and us.
But, sir, we offer higher inducements than
wages in dollars and cents. Our equal laws,
recognizing that the children of a State are its
jewels, put a school-house near every laboring
man's dwelling, and as a reward for his indus-
try, and to increase the power of the State, se-
cure to each child coming into it the keys of all
knowledge in the mastery of the English lan-
guage, the art of writing, and at least the ele-
mentary rules of arithmetic. And in the neigh-
borhood of every hamlet the church spire points
the way from earth to heaven. Before the al-
tar employer and workman meet as equals, and
in the same class in the Sunday-school their
children learn practical lessons of Christian
equality.
A SCGOESTtOX AXD EXAMPLE TO THE SOCTII.
These are conditions that the South cannot
yet offer to the emigrant from our fields or
those of Em ope. If she would prosper she
must Americanize her system of life, abandon
her contempt for labor, and her habits of vio-
lence and disregard of law. She must learn
to respect man as man. and stimulate his exer-
tions by quickening his intellect, expanding
and chastening his desires, and insuring liim a
just reward for whatever he shall put forth in
the way of industry or ingenuity or enterprise.
She can only create the elements of her new
and great future by developing the resources
now at her command, the chief of which she
will find to be her apt and docile laboring peo-
ple. Iier present purpose seems to be not to
do this, but to enter on a new career of op-
pression. Her dream is still of dominion over
large plantations and imbruited laborers. Let
her abandon the problem, " How can I make
my laborers work?" and occupy herself upon
the gentler one, "How can 1 induce these peo-
ple by whom I am surrounded to enrich them-
selves and me?" and she will begin to learn
how rich and powerful she is. When she shall
have accomplished thus much, when her labor-
ers are freely paid and her common schools
offer shelter and culture to the laborer's child,
she may successfully appeal to those who can
elsewhere find wages, security, and equal
chances in life to come and cast their lot with
her. She should hasten the coming of that
day. In common with us, she is burdened
by the debt of 80,000,000,000 in which she
has involved us. Let her remember that
she, too, has coal, iron, lead, copper, zinc,
silver and gold, cinnabar, tellurium, and
all the elements of manufacturing and com-
mercial power which characterize so abun-
dantly every section of our country; that she
has broad land which will not be fully worked
when every man and woman within its limits
may say with truth, "I am indeed an Ameri-
can citizen, and have, by my well-requited
voluntary labor, earned the bread my dear fam-
ily has this day eaten." And she will find
that she has added vastly to lier wealth when
the field hand shall have been transformed ink)
a skilled workman ; when he who, under the
lash, has lazily hoed cotton or corn, under the
stimulus of liberal wages, converts ore and coal
into rails, cannon, or anchors, or into any of
the thousand minor fabrics from the fish-hook
and the sail or packing needle to the heavy
and complicated lock advertised in the cata-
logue of one concern, that of Russell & Erwin,
of New Britain, in Connecticut—a State pro-
ducing so little iron as to be scarcely remem-
bered when enumerating the iron-producing
Commonwealths of the country. This con-
cern, I am informed, sold but §30,000 worth of
goods in the first year of their operations, and
$•",000,000 worth during the last year. Mean-
while it has concentrated in the village en-
livened by its works a thriving and highly-
educated population, and has converted un-
skilled laborers into mechanics and accomp-
lished mechanicians, though their hands were no
nimbler or their minds more compehensive or
versatile than those of the laborers to be found
in the devastated South, whose extermination
or expatriation seems to be within the purview
of those who assert their right to control the
policy of that section.
It is not for the rich, the comparatively few
who lia\e accumulated capital, that we demand
protection. We ask it in the name of the millions
who live by toil, whose dependence is on their
skill and ability to labor, and whose labor creates
the wealth of the country. To what fearful com-
petition they arc subjected when by withholding
protection we leave them undefended against the
assaults of British capital, is aptly set forth by
Daniel J. Morrell, Esq., in his admirable leuor
to the secretary of the A merica!] Iron and Steel
Association. He says:
" That portion of the price of a ton of imported iron
which stands for the va^es of labor, represents coarse
fond, wean ravnent, and worse lodging, politieal nullity,
enforced, iqnoraia e, serfdom itia eltajle w upation, with
aprovpeet of evnitual relief from the parish.
"That portion of the price of a ton o£ American iron
"wljic.ii fui the of hilsci, renrextnts tresli
and irllolf • <,mr food, <jnod ra'cnent, tit■ - homestead, >,,i~
hunted frmlom of /itorteaod and ehamje of oee«)>ation,
intellujetlt flHliport of all the maeh I iter!/ of munieipal,
Slate, and /ndioral1 '-or/re irtlh a piosjict of ( oi,t-
foi table old a<ie, at fei diridina i: euhetaace with blczt,'-
ineri a moil'! prosperous ehddr/ a.
"Thus it is e.isy to sec why imported iron may bo
cheap and American iron dear; for the latter, in addi-
tion to its other burdens, pays an extraordinary tax
to freedom and enlightenment, which arc assuredly
deserving of protection.''
Mr. Morrell evidently does not agree with
the magnates of the South in (heir opinion that
the way to make a State great and powerful is
to oppress and degrade its working people.
WE CAN PAY OCTl DEHTS '"WmiOrT MONEYS."
I have never been able to believe that a na-
tional debt is a national blessing. I have seen
how good might be interwoven with or educed
from evil, or how a great evil might, under cer-
tain conditions, be turned to good account; but
beyond this, I have never been able to regard
debt, individual or national, as a blessing. It
may be that, as in the inscrutable providence of
God it required nearly five years of war to ex-
tirpate the national crime of slavery, and an-
guish and grief found their way to nearly every
hearth-side in the country before we would
recognize the manhood of the race we had so
long oppressed, it was also necessaiy that we
should lie involved in a debt of unparalleled
magnitude (hat we might be compelled to avail
ourselves of the wealth that lies so freely around
us, and by opening markets for well-rewarded
industry, make our land, what in theory it has
ever been, the refuge of the oppressed of all
climes. England, if supreme selfishness be con-
sistent with sagacity, has been eminently saga-
cious in preventingus from becoming a manufac-
turing people ; for with our enterprise, our inge-
nuity, our freer institutions, the extent of our
country, the cheapness of our land', the diversity
of our resources, the grandeur of our seas, lakes,
and rivers, we should long ago have been able to
offer her best workmen such inducements as
would have brought them by millions to help
bear our burdens and fight our battles. We can
thus raise the standard of British and conti-
nental wages and protect American workmen
against ill-paid competition. This we must do
if we mean to maintain the national honor. The
fields now under culture, the houses now exist-
ing, the mines now being worked, the men we
now employ, cannot pay our debt.' To meet its
annual interest by taxing our present population
and developed resources would be to continue
an ever-enduring burden.
The principal of the debt must be paid; but
as it was contracted for posterity its extinguish-
ment should not impoverish those who sustained
the burdens of the war. I am not anxious to
reduce the total of our debt, and would, in this
respect, follow the example of England, and as
its amount has been fixed would not for the
present trouble myself about its aggregate ex-
cept to prevent its increase. My anxiety is that
the taxes it involves shall be as little oppres-
sive as possible, and be so adjusted that, while
defending our industry against foreign assault,
they may add nothing to the cost of those neces-
saries of life which we cannot produce, and for
which we must therefore look to other lands.
The raw materials entering into our manufac-
tures, which we are yet unable to produce
but on which we unwisely impose duties, I
would put into the free list with tea, coffee and
other such purely foreign essentials of life, and
would impose duties on commodities that com-
pete with American productions, so as to protect
every feeble or infant branch of industry and
quicken those that are robust. I would thus
cheapen the elements of life and enable those
whose capital is embarked in any branch of
production to offer such wages to the skilled
workmen of all lands as would steadily and
rapidly increase our numbers, and, as is always
the case in the neighborhood of growing cities
or towns of considerable extent, increase the
return for farm labor; this policy would open
new mines and quarries, build new furnaces,
forges, and factories, and rapidly increase the
taxable property and taxable inhabitants of the
country. Would the South acccpt this theory
and enter heartily upon its execution, she would
pay more than now seems her share of the debt
and feel herself blessed in the ability to do it.
Her climate is more genial than ours ; her soil
may ho restored to its original fertility; her
rivers are broad, and her harbors good; and
above all, hers is the monopoly of the fields for
rice, sugar, and cotton. Let us pursue for
twenty years the sound national policy of pro-
tection, and we will double our population and
more than quadruple our capital and reduce oar
indebtedness per capita and per acre to little
more than a nominal sum. Thus each man
can '! without moneys'' pav the 1 mlk of his por-
tion of the debt by blessing others with the
ability to bear an honorable burden.
How protection, by animating, diversifying,
and rewarding industry, will pay our debt is well
shown by the experience of the last five years.
And though we do not owe that experience to
sagacious legislation, but, as I have said, to
the incidents of the war, it should guide our
future steps. The disparity between gold and
paper has added to the duties imposed on
foreign products, and enabled our manufac-
turers to enter upon a career of prosperity such
as they have never enjoyed, save for a brief
period, under the tariffs of 1824 and 1828, and
again for four years tinder that of 1842, a pros-
perity in which the fanners are sharing abund-
antly, as is shown by the fact that they are now
out of debt, though most of their farms were
mortgaged five years ago. When the war be-
gan we could not, as I have said, make the iron
for a gun-barrel: we can now export better gun-
barrels than wo can import. Wo then made no
steel, and had to rely on foreign countries for
material for steel cannon andthose steel-pointed
shot by which only we can pierce the five-and-a-
halfinch iron-clads with which we must contend
in future warfare. Many of our regiments that
came first to the capital camo in rags, though
every garment on their backs was new, a'nd
I many of them of freshly imported cloth. But,
sir. no army in the world was ever so subsfan-
] tially clothed and armed as was .(list which
| for two days passed in review before the Presi-
i dent of the United States and the Lieutenant
