1866.] ;
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
143
39tii Cong .... 1st Sess.
Reconstruction—Mr, Loan.
H.O., GI) REPS.
feated but not conquered, subdued but not sub-
jugated," their determination to destroy this
Government,and to erect another on its ruins,
the chief corner-stone of which is to be Afri-
can, slavery, remains as fixed and steadfast as it
was when tliey embarked in rebellion in 1860-1.
The decision of war to which they first appealed
having been given against them, they seek to
.transfer the contest to the Halls of the grand
council of the Ration, into which their chosen
agents are now demanding admission, and where
it is hoped, if they can once enter, they can by
diplomacy and fraud achieve that success which
they failed to secure by force. In relation to
this matter our action should be guided by the
utmost prudence; we cannot afford to make
any blunders. In the physical conflict the dis-
asters resulting from incapacity, cowardice, or
disloyalty, could be repaired. They only in-
curred the unnecessary waste of treasure and
the loss of the lives of a greater, or less num-
ber of our patriotic fellow-citizens, who were
freely offering themselves as sacrifices upon
the altar of their country's safety. But here a
mistake would probably prove fatal. We are the
chosen few to whom lias been confided, under
God, the destiny of this great Kepublic, not
for a day, nor for a year, but for all time; and
what we do is irrevocable find earns for us an
imperishable fame, or damns us to eternal
infamy.
If wc have the intelligence and manhood to
act in the interests of universal liberty and the
inalienable rights of man, untold generations
will bless our memories for having secured them
the liberty they enjoy. But if we suffer our-
selves to yield to the seduction of apparent
peace, and in our haste to restore the rebels to
amicable relations with this Government, we
forget the rights of humanity, and ignore jus-
tice in reestablishing the Union of these States,
wc will only be remembered to be scorned and
despised as the betrayers of a sacred trust.
In the contest through which we have just
passed more than three hundred thousand of the
bravest and the best of our fellow-citizens have
willingly laid down theirlives, that the Kepublic
might live. We owe it to themselves, to their
widowed wives and orphan children, that the
fruits of the victories that cost them and us so
much should not be carelessly or recklessly
thrown away. While our;.patriot dead have
given so much to their country in the discharge
of their duties, ought we to hesitate in the dis-
charge of ours, to make any sacrifice that the
interest of the country demands? The honors
of place, the blandishments of power, the suc-
cess of this party or of that, sink into utter
insignificance in the presence of such impor-
tant duties as those are which we are now
required to perform.
The times demand the highest patriotism, the
most utter abnegation of all personal considera-
tions, the greatest intelligence, and the utmost
care. Our gallant armies have well and faith-
fully performed the part required of them, in
the contest waged against the nation's life ; it
remains for us to perform our part with equal
ability, and the same fidelity. To do this suc-
cessfully requires of us a thorough knowledge
of "the situation;" and to this end I propose
to add, to what has already been so well said,
on the condition of affairs, a few suggestions
upon some points which, in my opinion, have
not been sufficiently elaborated.
It is very desirable that we should ascertain,
if possible, the precise relation, in fact, as well
as in law, which the revolted States bear to the
Government. Ata time prior to therebellion,
they were in law, and in fact, States in this
Union, with all the rights and privileges, and
under all the obligations that pertain to any
and all the States in the Union. Afterwards,
they formally, as States, renounced their alle-
giance to this Government, surrendered all
their rights and privileges under it, and declared
themselves absolved from all obligations to it.
They then proceeded to organize independent
governments, State and confederate, and en-
tered into compacts with each other for ijiutual
defense and support, and announced their de-
termination to maintain their independence by
acts of , war. Had our Government acquiesced
in what they did, .and ' accepted the -situation "
and.' ',letthem alone/.' as they desired we should
do, the rebellion they inaugurated would have
become a successful revolution. The separation
of the rebel States .from the nation would have
been final and complete, and the confederate
government would have been as thoroughly
established as was ours when Great Britain ac-
cepted the result of the seven years' wajr of the
Revolution. Dismemberment, or war, was the
alternative that the action of the rebels offered
to the Republic. Hence it appears th.at the only
rights that the Government could assert over
.that part of the national domain, -which was in-
cluded within the rebel States and over the in-
habitants there, were just those that it could
acq uire by force of arms. The rebels had effected
a dissolution of the Union in fact, but not in law.
In this connection it becomes material to
inquire, whether a dissolution of the union of
the States would, as some contend,^ neces-
sarily destroy the Government. On this point
I am inclined to think that many are led into
serious error in supposing the phrase "the
Union" and "the Governmant" to be synony-
mous to express the national authoiity. Such is
not the case. They are very different and dis-
tinct things. The Union is subordinate to the
Government, and the Government may exist
independent of the Union. The union of
States in 1800 was not the same union of States
that existed in 1820, nor was that the union of
States that existed in 1840. During each period
new States were added, but the Government
remained tlfe same, only enlarged and increased
by its growth as the boy grows into manhood,
and yet retaining the same individuality. The
Union may be enlarged or diminished. States
may be admitted into it or taken out of it, as
by the conquest of a foreign Power, by treason
or otherwise, withoutnecessarily destroying the
Government or our existence as a nation. Con-
sequently when eleven States entered the chaos
of rebellion, withdrew theirrepresentatives from
the Halls of Congress, and inaugurated civil
war, the Union of these States was, Ue facto, as
much dissolved as it would have been if the
rebels had proved victorious in the war and we
had acknowledged their independence. Since
the revolt of these States they have held no
political relations to the Federal Government
other than those of rebellious subjects. The
Government exists without them. The Exec-
utive of the nation administers the law in the
appointed forms. The supreme judicial tri-
bunal of the nation holds its regular sessions
as prescribed by law, and the _ Legislature of
the nation holds its regular sessions and makes
laws for the Republic entirely unaided by any
representatives from tin revolted States. At
the time appointed by \aw the loyal people
elected a President and Vice President for the
nation. It having been previously declared
by law that participation on the part of the
States in rebellion in the formation of the
Electoral College was not necessary for a valid
election of those officers, and our President
to-day holds his office in consequence of an
election by a college of electors formed in pur-
suance of that law. The dissolution of the
Union effected by the rebels in 1861 continues
to this day. The political relations of those
States to the Government have not been re-
stored. and their right to representation in
these Halls is not yet recognized. But this
dissolution of the Union, however disastrous
it may prove to the traitors and rebels who
effected it. did not in the least impair the right
of the nation to exercise its authority over all
its territory and over all its subjects. The
thief who steals a horse and runs olf with him
changes de facto the possession of the horse
from the owner to the thief, but- such change
does not impair the owner's right lo pur&ue the
thief and recover possession of his property,
nor will it avail the thief when tried for thp lar-
ceny to, deny that he stole the horse, because
the theft was in violation of law and is therefore
a nullity. , - , . , ;
Notwithstandingthc rebels had effected a dis-
solution of the/IInion of the States, the vitality
and the energy-of the. Government remained,
and it was the national authority that opposed
war to rebellion, not,,as has been frequently saiij,
for the maintenance of the Union,.not. to com-
pel the revolting States to accept and enjoy the
rights and privileges of States in the Union, but
for the maintenance of national supremacy and
to preserve the integrity of the Republic. .Na-
tional safety imperatively requires us to pre-
serve our national boundaries intact. We could
not safely permit a foreign flag to float over the
peninsula of Florida nor over the mouth of the
Mississippi river—that great outlet to the mar-
kets of the world, for the inhabitants of those
great States that lie in and around fte -basjn of
that river. And therefore the natioii purchased
those provinces with,the common treasury for
the national benefit, and not for the especial
convenience and advantages of the inhabitants
thereof. So, when the rebels undertook to
divide our territory, change our boundaries,
and establish a foreign government on our bor-
ders, it was to prevent them from succceding
that induced us to make war upon them, «nd
not a desire to whip them into the Union for
their good. After four years of war success
crowned our efforts, and the flag of the Repub-
lic floats in triumph over evejy foot of terri-
tory that ever belonged to the national domain.
Organized rebel armies have all been dispersed,
and organized rebel governments have disap-
peared, it is to bo hoped, forever. It would
hardly seem possible that any question could
arise as to the authority that should control the
future political destiny of thesejebel districts;
but strange as it may appear, it is considered
by some whose opinions are -entitled to great
weight to be a debatable question whether the
subdued rebels or the lawfully constituted legis-
lative authority of the Republic that still holds
those districts in the iron grasp of military
power shall determine their relations to and
their rights under the Government. _ ,
There are those who insist that the relations 'of
the revolted States to the Federal Government
are of such a mysterious and wonderful power
that they cannot be destroyed: that the Federal
Government is powerless to change them ; that
the war they made upon the Republic had no
effect upon them ; that the ordinances of seces-
sion passed by them and the establishment of
a de facto rebel government did not in the
least impair the rights and privileges of these
States as members of the Union. In effect,
they maintain the indestructibility of a State
which has once been admitted into the Union
of States. Once a State always a State is a
favorite phrase with such persons. They do
not hesitate to tell us that a State in the Union
may have a beginning, but that it can never
have an end; that its vitality may be impaired,
but it cannot be extinguished: that its func-
tions may be suspended, but not destroyed;
that its component parts may all be annihila-
ted. yet it will still exist; that all the inhabit-
ants may be hung for treason without working
the destruction of the State; all of which I
consider to be absurdities so gross and glaring
that to attempt a refutation of them would be
to oppose argument against unresisting im-
becility.
These same persons also tell us that a State
cannot commit or incur any forfeiture; that it
is only a corporation, and as such "has nobody
to be hung or soul to be damned " for the crimes
it commits; that its powers, rights, and priv-
ileges arc sclf-cxistent and indestructible; that
they mav be held in abeyance, but they are ever
ready to be called into action by the loyal peo-
ple of the State without regard to the smallness
