1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1623'
be willing, that having failed, to adopt the
proposition ot basing representation on voters,
counting all as voters who had once exercised
the privilege, and lost it by rebellion or crime,
and waiting for each census to add that part
of the foreign population which is continually
drifting into a voting one. But_ some such al-
teration becomes a vital necessity. And why
should the South complain? Mr. Madison, in
No. 54 of the Federalist, arguing in favor of
the three-fifths clause in the Constitution, says:
" It may be replied that slaves are not included in
the estimates of Representatives of any of the fetates.
possessing them. They neither vote themselves nor
increase the votes ot their masters. Upon what prin-
ciple ought they to bo taken into the Federal esti-
mate of representation?. In rejecting them altogether
the Constitution would in this respect have lollowed
the very laws which have been appealed to as the
proper guide."
And trying, as it were, to stem the tide, lie
adds:
"Let the cn?e of the slaves be considered, as it is
in truth, a peculiar one."
Very well; it is now alleged by the South
that had the slaves been freed they would have
been counted man for man in the basis. Per-
haps thev would at that time, for in nearly
every State the free negroes then had the right
to vote. They voted for and elected a member
of Congress in Tennessee as late as 1828. They
took part in most of the State elections to the
Constitutional Convention and the conventions
to ratify the Constitution of the United States,
and this argument would act as a two-edged
sword. But be the fact as it may, ceftain it is
that in nearly every southern State the basis
of representation for the State Legislatures
omitted the important element of power which
existed federally.
The Kentucky constitution of 1799, by pro-
viso reenacted in 1850, made " qualified elect-
ors" the basis; that of Arkansas, adopted
in 1830, in force in 1861, "free white male
inhabitants.'' The Mississippi constitution ot
1817 apportions representation according to
the number of " free white male inhabitants.''
The Louisiana constitution of 1812 based rep-
resentation upon ''qualified electors," and it
was not until 1852 thai this was altered to "the
total population of each of the several parishes
of the State.'' That of Texas was based by the
constitution "on the number of free popula-
tion." The Alabama constitution, adopted in
1810, on the "number of white inhabitants;"
and Tennessee, by her constitution of: 17'j6,
revised in 1835. on "qualified voters.'
The Missouri constitution bases representa-
tion on "permanent free white inhabitants.'1
In Virginia, where the rule was reversed, the
State was racked with dissensions arising out
of the unequal representation afforded by sla-
very to the tide-water counties and those east
of the Blue Ridge. Twice were conventions
assembled, in 18-JO and again in 1850, to rem-
edy the evil ; but the slavery element was too
powerful for the yeomen of W est Vlrginia, who
received scarcely enough concessions to keep
them from separation till the rebellion came.
In the convention ot 1830, Mr. Baldwin, ex-
pressing 1 he bitterness to which the contest had
arisen, said :
" The eastern people demand, as we are told, only
security, not for their personal rights, but tor their
property, and it is granted by conecdmg representa-
tion according to Federal numbers m the benate.
Thev would sustain no pangs ot humiliation by yield-
ins 'to the basis of white population m theiiou^e ot
Delegates and would soon become reconciled to the
compromise. What do the western people demand ?
That equal representation which is to pave protection
not only to their property but to their persons, and
place them upon an equality with the other freemen
of the Commonwealth. Let the principle of I eclcral
numbers,in whateverdegvee.beintroduccdiiito both
Huu:-C5, and the hardy yeomanry of the west will
never be satisfied. The final result will be a separa-
tion of the State.''
But this was during slavery. Sincethesliackles
have fallen, however, these States persist in ex-
cluding from their basis of representation those
whom they exclude as a class from political
privileges. Tennessee, Missouri, Maryland,
do so. Louisiana was restored to the wlute
basis. In the late Alabama convention there
was a struggle to strike it out, but the mount-
ains, ever the home of liberty, triumphed over
the lowlands and retained the white basis. Even
aristocratic South Carolina has abolished her
rotten-borough system and advanced rapidly to-
ward the right. Provisional Govwnor Perry, in
his message to the South Carolina convention,
well reminded them that "twenty or thirty
voters in one of the parishes whose population
and taxation combined entitle it to only one
member in the House of Representatives have
that slavery is abolished a reformation in this
respect is imperative, and must be adopted."
Surely what the South is doing at home can-
not be far wrong when demanded here. Surely
if the reduction in number of Representatives
from tlie South bo urged as an objection, the
answer now is as perfect as in the early days
of the Republic, that the States, ( small and
large, have an equal voice in the Senate, and
that the House of Representatives derives its
power directly from the expression of the pop-
ular will.
Mr. Speaker, in 1812 Andrew Johnson in-
troduced the following resolution into the Ten-
nessee Legislature:
•' Unsolved, That the basis to be observed m laying
the State oft into congressional districts shall be the
voting population without any regard to the three
fifths of the negro population."
Last October, in conversation with George L.
Stearns, since published, he still spoke approv-
ingly of the idea. If the same Andrew John-
son, now the Chief Magistrate of a great repub-
lic, will give this or some kindred plan his
support in this trying juncture, 1 believe it will
pass Congress as an amendment to the Con-
stitution and beadopted by three fourths of the
States in a few months, and then, sir, these
insurrectionary States, having conformed to the
laws as I have stated, I for one am in favor ot
receiving from them such loyal Representatives
as they may send, and binding up every wound.
I know that rebellion is still rile in the hearts
of many of the people; that the President still
keeps the writ of habeas corpus suspended in
the South; that the military cannot yet be
removed with safetv to its citizens; that the
national airs are hissed, as was done in the
theater at Mobile lately, the newspapers calling
upon the general in command to foibid the
performance of tunes calculated to annoy their
citizens; that "no steamer below the mouth
of tlie Ohio flies our flag, no hotel in the south-
ern cities spreads it to the breeze^;" and on
the 21st of last month General Wood, com-
manding the department of Mississippi, was
forced to issue an order that "the national flag
shall be respected;" that General Grant has
suppressed newspapers m t-he South foi dis-
loyal sentiments; that the gray there continues
more fashionable than "the blue."
This and much more might be adduced to
prove that the "confederacy" is still odorous
in the nostrils of the South. But I do not
believe the southern heart can be changed in
a day; perhaps not entirely in a generation.
With liberty and equality ingrafted by law
and Constitution, accepting none who are dis-
loyal, I am willing to trust to fraternity m the
future. Distinguished men who now ask its
exercise, I know, believe that power was con-
ferred originally in the Constitution to regulate
suffrage in the States. Without denying this,
I assert that contemporaneous legislation and
uniform custom have been the other way. I
know, too, that still others claim this right
under the late amendment to the Constitu-
tion, alleging that freedom made the negro
a citizen and a part of "the people of the
several States," who, by section two, article
one, of the Constitution, arc to choose mem-
bers of the House of Representatives, ^ti-
zeuship alone does not give the rights of an
elector. The negro was a citizen before his
fetters were burst. It is true, however, that
all civil government in these States, recog-
nized by the Constitution, boing_ overturned,
revert ed to the people. The whole people,
not the disloyal part of it only, had a rignt
to be heard in its restoration. But this was not
done. The President organized these south-
ern governments, leaving this element ont,
and as education is needed to give it fitness,
I am satisfied not to demand of the South a
policy which my own State has not adopted,
asking, however, of South and North, that a
population excluded from voting shall not avail-
in any State for the purposes of representation.
Some such plan as I have proposed—and I
shall be glad to accept a better one—would
prevent future rebellion against the Govern-
ment and future wrong to the citizen. I ear-
nestly trust that Congress will soon be enabled
to declare on what terms the insurrectionary
States may have full communion with those
which remained true and loyal.
Indemnity for the past is impossible. The
dead cannot be recalled to life. But security
for the future is demanded; demanded by the
sacred dust of the martyrs for liberty; de-
manded by the laboring masses South as much,
as North; demanded by the widow and orphan,
widowed and orphaned to gratify the unholy
ambition of infamous demagogues whose trea-
sonable crimes are still unpunished; demanded
by the maimed and diseased who suffer from
the conflict; demanded by every soldier and
sailor who fought to preserve the Union won
by the Revolution, guarantied by the Constitu-
tion, and now cemented once again and forever
by patriotic blood.
That once obtained, and it need not be a
question of many months, the United States
will present a spectacle of beauty and strength
such as the world has never seen. Skilled in
the art of war by the ordeal of battle, with a
navy that has made us the astonishment of Eu-
rope, there is no fear of the future. Our com-
merce swells every sea and decks every shore.
Scicnce has wrought for us^ its choicest won-
ders. New manufactures invite, South and
North, the energy and capital of our citizens.
The land is " flowing with milk and honey."
The mountains teem with mineral wealth.
Broad, beautiful rivers, bearing rich argosies
to the ocean—our veins and arteries—are met
and crossed by bands of irdn, fresh bonds and
ligaments to unite us; shortly it is hoped to
stretch from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
The wildest day-dream of the enthusiast will
soon I'fo realized, tor labor, vindicated and re-
spected, has at once found its reward and its
home in tlie regenerated American Union.
RECONSTRUCTION ADMISSION OB TENNESSEE.
Mr. BUCKLAND. Mr. Speaker, thus far
I have been a silent listener to the able and
interesting discussions in this House upon the
important and intricate questions arising ou' -
of the present condition ot the States lately iu
rebellion against the national Government,
contenting myself with voting upon the various
propositions as thoy have been presented ac-
cording to the best lights before ine. I have
watched and waited anxiously, hoping that the
distinguished gentlemen who shape and con-
trol the legislation of this body would be able
to agree among themselves, and present for our
consideration and adoption practical measuies
for settling and removing the difficulties now
weighing heavily upon the nation and creating .
intense anxiety in the public mind forthe future
integrity of the Republic. But, sir, apparently
we arc now as far from a solution of these dif-
ficulties as we were at the close of the first weefs
in the session. We have had numerous prop-
ositions, many learned and eloquent speeches,
theories upon theories from the great intellects
of the House, and the Constitution has been
expounded and construed by the most experi-
enced statesmen and the profoundest lawyers ;
but. nnfortnnatelv. scarcely any two of these
distinguished gentlemen to whom we have a
rio-ht to look to lead us out of this slough on to
solid ground agree upon any one point, .bach
one seems to be so perfectly sure that he is
rio-ht and all who differ with him wrong that
his conscience will not allow him to swerve
from the path of duty marked out for himself.
When doctors disagree, who shall decide?
When gentlemen of so much learning and ex-
