sm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
General after having conquered the rebellion,
and which., when disbanded, was clad in tlie
product of American spindles and looms, and
armed with weapons of American materials and
construction. . .
It is said that ten years ago " a piece ot -Lake
Superior iron ore was a curiosity to most of our
practical metallurgists." In 1855 the first ore
was shipped from Marquette county. IIow
rapid the enlargement of the trade has been is
shown by the following statement .*
In 1855 there were exported „}el;to tons.
185 6  11, „
185 7  $>,184
' 1S5S  31,135
185ft  m,hi9
i860,..:::. mm
1801    ..
1862 '• II?-' ±g ..
18l>3 li . 2/5 „
1864   2OD,1~3
The production of charcoal pig iron in that
region, wc are told by Dr. Lamborn, commenced
at the Pioneer works near the Jackson mine in
1858. Those works were the pioneers o f a great
. army, and already the Collinsville, the For-
restville, the Morgan, and the Greenwood fur-
naces are in profitable operation. The pro-
duction of charcoal iron in that county has been
as follows:
In 1853 there were exported  1,027 tons.
185 9 7,SS „
186 0  5,hb0 "
186 1 7,970
186 2  R.jW
186 3 ;
1861   1.5,832
And though we produced no steel in 1860, a
table constructed from information furnisfied by
the report of the Comipissioner of Internal Kev-
cnue for the year ending Juno 30, 1861, shows
that the Government had in that year derived
$301,141 39 of internal revenue ftom the steel
made and manufactured in the United States
during that year.
Time will not permit, me to indicate the many
new branches of industry which have sprung up,
or the vast extension and improvement of those
•which, under our old free-trade system, had
found an insecure footing and were enduring a
sieldy existence. I may, however, venture on
a few remarks upon this head. California is
not a New England or an eastern State; she
has perhaps been less affected by the war than
any other Slate, unless it be Oregon ; and 1 find
that, though she raised in 18.30 but 2,378,000
pounds of wool, she raised in 1863 7,600,000,
and in iftO-1, 8,000,000 pounds. Siie is, we are
assured by her papers, realizing the advantage
ofbringing the producer and consumer together;
and though during the, last year she shipped to
New York some 7,000,000 pounds of wool, she
is showing that lier people understand the im-
pel tance of saving the double transportation
they would otherwise pay on those of their own
products they might consume—that for carrying
the raw material to the factory, and that for
bringing the fabrics back again. 1 find in one
of her papers (he following statement:
"tt u.ironxj v \\rool,l'V Mir.i.s—The Pioneer Mill,
at Black Point, California, has thiity-one loomS at
woik now,consumes annuat]yl,20ll,0i!Opound-'Ot wool,
employe iiOlaboiers, pays out'rlOO.OUO yearly in wnae-;,
use* a capita! of S j'!U,0J0, ami runs fifty-two sewing
machines. About one fourth of the wool purchased
is used in making blankets, the importation of which
has now entirely ceased, the home production having
taken entire possession of the market. Really half
the production is ttanuel, which is gradually crowding
tlie imported article out of the market. About one
third of the wool consumed at this mill is made into
tweeds anil cassimores, which is mostly made up into
clothing ia San Francisco. Broadcloth is not made
there in quantity, because of the scarcity of pure me-
rino wool. The Pioneer and Mission Mills together
consume about 2.100,00(1 pounds of woo), employ about.
450 laborers and $1,000,000 of capital, and pay out
$200,000 in wages annually."
Well done, California. Your tweeds and cas-
simeres and blankets will crowd foreign articles
not out of your own State alone, but out of the
markets of the Statesof the Pacific slope. You
will soon need machinists to construct your
sewing-machines and make the tools for those
who do such work. Land around your cities
will grow in value; and those wrho own it need
not compete with formers so distant from market
as to limit them to the production of grain alone.
Hay, potatoes, turnips, and all other roots for
the sustenance of man and beast and fruits for
the table, may engage their attention and give
them ample reward for their labor.
Oregon has also felt the quickening influence
of the times. She paid to the internal revenue
department, during 1864, taxes on the manu-
facture of $128,620 67 of wooleu cloth.
THE PEOPLE OF THE PRAIRIES SEED A PROTECTIVE
TARIFF. **
The people of the prairies, next to those of
the desolated South, are interested in the crea-
tion and maintenance of diversified industry.
While they depend on grain-growing, and that
commerce which English free trade permits
the producers of raw materials to enjoy, cities
will be founded and grow at points ou the lakes
and rivers ; but none of these even can be great
cities without manufactures. TIere and there
a concentration of railroads may also create a
first-class town or an inferior city; but tlie rest
of their wide country will bo but sparsely pop-
ulated by an agricultural community, and dot-
ted at wide distances apart by beautiful villages
such as now gratify the eye of the traveler
through the West.
The prairie States have within them tlie ele-
ments of innumerable profitable industries. The
western farmer clears his now land by girdling
and burning the 'primitive forests. The wood
is not without value, and condensed as it might
be, it would bear transportation to a market.
Constituents of mine have been for two years
engaged in erecting works which cover over fif-
teen acres of land for the production of paper
pulp from wood. "There now lie around their vast
buildings thirty-five thousand cords of wood;
and in a few days tlicy hope to put their works
in operation. For awhile tliev ran part, of tlieir
machinery and produced to their entire satis-
faction and that of the trade pulp which, inter-
mingled with five per cent, or less of that pro-
duced from cotton rags, furnished admirable
printing paper.
Now, the corn husks—ay, and the corn with
the husks—of the farmers of the West, go to
waste, or find no better use than supplying them
with fuel during the win! er. Th e following arti-
cle, clipped from the New York Evening Post of
November 25, invites them to experiment and
learn whether they act more wisely in wasting
this material than the southern planters, who
feared the establishment of American manu-
factures, did in failing to utilize their cotton
seed, which, if we may accept Do Bow's author-
ity, would have produced from £100,000,000 to
ft 120,000,000 per annum if converted into oil
and oil cake:
" At a, recent meeting of the Institute of Technol-
ogy iu Boston, Mr. Bond made a statement of results
recently attained in this country andin Europe in the
manufacture id'paper from corn husks. Experiments
upon this material have been in progress in Bohemia
Miieo 1851, but ha.vo not leached a satisfactory result
mitit within the hist two or tiliee years. In the suc-
cessful processes lately adopted thehusks wereboiled
in an alkaline mixture,after which thoie remained a
tjuantily of Jiber mixed wi.ti plutcn._ Theshiteii was
extraided by pie-sure, tonninyaiiutritioiisai tidebke
'oil cake,'anil then tlie liber was subiected to other
piocoscs in which it piodueed tlie reaf paper 'stock'
or 'pulp,' and leit a fiber which has been made into
strong and sei viccable cloth. The hm-lis yield forty
per cent, ot usetiit material; ten per cent.of fiber;
eleven per cent, fflutcn, and nineteen per cent, ot pa-
per stock. This paoer stock is equal to that made from
the best linen raits. Allowing the profit of tliirty-
eieht per cent, to the manufacturer, the different arti-
cles can be produced for six cents per pound for fiber,
one and a half cent for gluten, and four cents for pa-
per stock.''
Were this branch of manufactures well estab-
lished on the prairies, the press of the West
would give up its denunciations of the paper
makers of the country as conspirators, monop-
olists. and extortioners, and cease to publish
such paiagraphs as the following, clipped from
a recent number of the Galena (Illinois) Ga-
zette:
"We understand that many of the people of "War-
ren and other to'.rns in ftie east partof the county are
usmci corn for fuel. Wc bad a conversation with an
intelligent ^entleinan who has been bumme; it, and
who considers it mm ii cheaper than wood. Ears of
corn can be bouelit tor ten cents per bu-In-i bvmeas-
ure, and seventy bushels, worth seven doilais, will
measure a conk"
Could the people of Illinois bring themselves
to believe that they are capable of doing any
other labor than raising raw material, i hoy wonl d
bring into use cheaper fuel than corn or wood at
seven dollars a cord. Their lands are underlaid
by lead, zinc, copper, and iron; and would they
determine to bring their metals into market as
much manufactured as their skill and supply
of labor will permit, they would, by creating
a demand for fuel, compel the development of
the magnificent deposits of bituminous coal
through which the Illinois Central railroad runs.
Let them be admonished before it is too late
that the fertility of their soil, exuberant as it is,
is not "exhanstless.
But, inviting as is this branch of my subject,
I must leave it with tlfb remark that, ignorant
as we are of the extent of our mineral deposits,
we are more ignorant of the uses to which may
be applied many elements of life with which
within a limited range of purposes we are quite
familiar; and that, varied and wide as are the
expanding opportunities to achieve usefulness
and wealth, he who embarks his capital or en
terprisc in such as will yield the most golden
results will not be more benefited by the intro-
duction of new branches of manufacture than
the owners of land, wdio will find in the mar-
kets of the village and the refuse of llie factory
the means of following the methods of Eng-
lish husbandry, and succeeding the exhausting
white crop by a green one, and giving^ to the
soil each year more of the elements ol fertility
than the crop abstracts from it; and who, hav-
ing a market at their doors, will save the trans-
portation which now makes a yard of Man-
chester cloth worth many bushels of wheat in
Kansas, and a bushel of Kansas wheat worth
many yards of .the same cloth in Manchester.
Under free trade transporters, factors, and com-
mission men have absorbed what Mould have
been the joint profit of the American manufac-
turer and the grain-grower, had tlie^producer
and the consumer been side by side or in reason-
able proximity to each other.
DOMESTIC COMMERCE IS MOKE PROFITABLE THAN"
FOREIGN".
There is other commerce than that between
foreign nations. France and England lie nearer
to each other than New Jersey and Ohio, or
than Indiana and Missouri. Commerce between
New England and the Pacific slope takes place
at the end of longer voyages than that between
New and Old England. A quick market and
active capital make prosperous commence. In-
terest on borrowed capital is often a fatal para-
site, and a nimble sixpence is always better
than a sluggish shilling. Commerce is the traf-
fic in or transfer of commodities. It should
reward two capitals or industries—those of the
producer of each commodity ; and where trade
is reciprocal, and really free, each man selling
or buying because he wishes to do so, it does
reward both. It is therefore, appaient, that if
we consume Ameiican fiibi ics, an well as home-
grown food, these two profits, and a third, i two
of which now accrue to foreigners, one abso-
lutely and the other in great part,) would rem ain
in the country. These arc the profits on the pro-
duction of raw material, on its manufacture,
anil on its too often double transportation. But
trade between a country in which capital is
abundant, and the machinery of which, hav-
ing paid for itself in profits already realized, is
| cheap, as is the case in England, and a new, or
| in thoso respects poor, country, as is ours, is
| never'reciprocal; for the party with capital
and machinery fixes the terms on which it both
1 buys and sells.
| In addition to keeping both profits on our
' commerce at home and doing our own carrying,
j the diversification of our industry will insure
1 markets for all our products, end render ihe
destruction of any one of tlie leading interests
of the country by a foreign commercial Power
i an im possibility. I;ys< curing the home market
; to our industry, andgivingstcuiity to the mve; t-
; ment of capital in furnaces, forges, mills, lad-
roads. factories, foundcrie-i. and wnrk^'iopi-. we
; can steadily enlarge the tide of immijpaiiou.
I Men will flow into all parts of our country some
