2584
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
attempted to be pushed so far. I do not wish
to say any more about it.
Mr. HOWE. I am not going to argue this
question at any length. I care but very little
whether this bill pass or not. I do not think
it a very important matter whether the United
States assume the exercise of the power which
is asserted in this bill or not at the present
juncture. J think it of immense importance
that the United States should not admit that
they have not the power which is asserted here.
The newspapers say this morning that two
vessels in the harbor of New York are lying at
anchor under the' quarantine regulations of
that city with cholera 011 board. Those two
vessels are not said to be American vessels,
but I assume that they are stamped with the
national authority, sailing the seas by the na-
tional permission, bearing the national flag.
They have been brought to anchor, not in the
port to which they were destined and where
they wish to unload, but short of that; and the
question which I wish should not be lost sight
of is, where resides the authority to bring those
two national ships to anchor, to stop them on
their route short of their point of destination?
My friend from Maine says it is in the city
of New York if they are bound to New York,
or it is in the State of New York if they are
bound to a harbor in New York. This bill
asserts, I think in terms, that it is in the nation,
that by no authority short of that can they
rightfully be stopped. That we have conceded
the exercise of this power for sanitary purposes
to the different municipalities or the different
States, from the foundation of the Government,
I suspect is true. I do not know that there
has been any departure from it. The nation
has not seen fit to assume the responsibility of
taking this sanitary interest under its care, has
permitted the exercise of this power to the
several States and municipalities; but that the
Constitution leaves it to them, I do not believe,
Mr. President, at all. That the Constitution
does not give it to us, to the national authority,
I never can be made to concede. It is the
exercise of a very high prerogative, striking at
the very freedom of all our commerce, for the
power which can stop one of your vessels on
her route a hundred feet from the dock to
which she is destined and where she wants to
unload—wherever 3*ou find the power that can
do that, you find the power that can arrest
every one of the ships belonging to your com-
merce. If you say that it is in the several
States, your power to regulate commerce, for
which as much as for anything you formed
this Government, is the merest bagatelle in the
world ; it is worth nothing.
As I said before, I do not care whether we
assume the responsibility now at this juncture
or not. The Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Coir an] told us the other day, as if with au-
thoiity, that it is entirely useless, that this dis-
ease, cholera, is not coutagious, is not infec-
tious, cannot be fenced tip, and it is useless to
attempt it. I do not know how that is. I am
not a medical man. I do not know but that
medical authorities are disagreed upon it; I
believe they are. This jiroposition says nothing
more than that the several officers named shall
be a board of commissioners to take the con-
trol of this matter. If they are instructed or
shall become satisfied that this disease is not
contagious, is not infectious, is not portable,
that there is no danger to be apprehended from
it growing out of our commercial relations with
other countries, then I think we ought in the
interests of our commerce to say to the muni-
cipal authorities of New York and of every
other city, "You must not stop the national
ships on the highways, let them come to their
regular docks, and let them be discharged in
the due course of their business." We ought
to relieve them from that embarrassment. We
ought to make up our minds to one of two
things, either that this is a national enemy, to
be guarded against, to be shut out, or that'it is
not a national enemy, and therefore relieve our
commerce from all disabilities and all burdens
by reason of it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hold in my hand a
very a~ble document prepared by distinguished
physicians and surgeons who have had great
experience in regard to the cholera, from which
I shall merely read an extract or two, as I do
not wish to occupy the time of the Senate, my
desire being to get a vote. In this paper they
give a number of instances showing the char-
acter of the disease. Let me read from it:
"The ship Swanton, from Havre, arrived at New
Orleans on the 11th of December, 1848. nine days
after the New York arrived atStaten Island, with
two hundred and eighty emigrants on board. Thir-
teen passengers had died with cholera on the pas-
sage. No quarantine was instituted, and the ship
came to the wharf. The day after the arrival of the
passengers, in the city the cholera broke out and
became epidemic. 4
"The Atlanta, from Havre, arrived atNewYorkon
the 2d of November last, with alargenumber of Ger-
man emigrants: many had died of cholera on the
passage. The disease was confined exclusively to the
steerage passengers, A strict quarantine prevented
the introduction of the disease into the city.
" It will be recollected that the steamship England
put into Halifax on the 9th of last month with some
twelve hundred passengers and a crew of one hun-
dred men, with a large number of German passen-
gers who had come from places infected with cholera;
one hundred and sixty cases of the disease occurred
on board, and fifty deaths during the passage. Owing
to strict quarantine at Quebec, the disease was
checked there, and the ship is now at quarantine in
New York, tho passengers having been landed after
undergoing the usual quarantine."
* The cholera has been in New York harbor
since the 2d day of last November, six months
and a half, all the time, and it has never yet
landed. There was one case of what was called
sporadic cholera, produced by circumstances
connected with that particular case, but not a
single case of Asiatic cholera has landed. The
SenatorfromVermont [Mr. Edmunds] brought
a very important fact to the knowledge of the
Senate the other day in his remarks, and that
was that by a strict quarantine in the Italian
ports the cholera passed by the whole of Italy,
and was finally introduced into Italy across the
Alps from France, where the quarantine was
not so strict.
It is an old saying that those who know noth-
ing fear nothing. I happen to know just enough
of cholera to desire to keep it down in New
York bay if we can. I do not know that quar-
antine regulations will keep it there, but having
kept it there for six months and fourteen days
I hope they may keep it there for six months
and fourteen days longer.
The object of this measure is to establish a
uniform system of quarantine. The cholera
has been held in New York harbor by the New
York quarantine laws. There are no quaran-
tine laws in New Jersey, and it could be landed
to-morrow morning, and spread through New
Jersey, and brought into New York through
Jersey City but for the care and vigilance of
the New York quarantine officers. In Boston
there are 110 quarantine laws, and the Bosto-
nians have sent a circular asking shippers to
bring their ships to Boston because there are
no quarantine laws there, and no trammels
upon commerce. It is well known to all that it
is utterly useless to enforce a strict quarantine
in New York and leave all the adjacent ports
open. If the cholera were to land in Boston
it could be transported to New York in eight
hours. If it were to land in Jersey City it
could be transported there in thirty minutes.
The object of this measure, as I have said,
is to establish a uniform system of quarantine,
and I simply ask for a vote upon it. I believe
that if the disease has been kept in New York
haibor for six months and fourteen days with-
out landing, it may, under a rigid system of
quarantine, be kept there longer and perhaps
forever. But, sir. suppose through our non-
action, or through our injudicious action, the
cholera should land and a hundred thousand
lives be lost, I certainly should feel that there
was a weight of responsibility and of guilt rest-
ing upon me if I did not press this measure for
favorable action by the Senate. I now simply
ask that a vote may be taken and the propo-
sition adopted.
As to the question of the constitutional right
and power of this Government in the premises,
while I do not question the sincerity of my
friend from Maine and others who see a con-
stitutional obstacle to passing a railroad or a
quarantine bill, I have no such difficulties and
apprehensions as they seem to entertain. I do
not think we shall injure the Constitution if we
keep out the cholera, and I hope the Senate
will pass the resolution in the form proposed
by the Committee on Commerce.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
has received a communication from a very
eminent gentleman of the medical faculty on
this subject, which, if there be no objection,
the Chair will have read.
The Secretary read it as follows:
New Yobk, May 11, 1866.
Bear Sir: In thereported proceedings of the Sun-
ate I have noticed the recent introduction of a joint
resolution authorizing the establishment by the Sec-
retaries of War, the Navy and the Treasury, of a
uniform system of quarantine to avoid the introduc-
tion of Asiatic cholera through our ports of entry. I
respectfully ask permission to suggest a modification
of, or an addition to, the proposed measure, in order
to reach the root of the evil,and prevent the occur-
rence of the disease in question on board passenger
ships, whereby not only the necessity of subjecting
them to quarantine may be greatly diminished, but
likewise the lives of the passengers saved.
It is believed to be the unanimous opinion of those
members of the medical profession on both sides of
the Atlantic who have studied the habitudes of thia
disease that the circumstanceswhich favorite devel-
opment are peculiar and well understood, and that
to a great degree they are identical with those provo-
cative of typhus fever, (known as ship fever when
occurring at sea,) and that both these diseases are asr
clearly preventable under the rigid enforcement of
the laws of hygiene as is small-pox by vaccination.
Numerous instances might be cited to prove that
this result is attainable, but I will 'here refer to but
one fact to show how completely dependent is the
sanitary condition of emigrant passengers upon the
supervision and conduct of the ship's officer"!. By a
reporton quarantine made to the British Parliament
by Lords Carlisle and Ashby, and two of England's
most eminent sanitarians, Edwin Chadwiek and Dr.
Southwood Smith, we learn that under the system of
convict transportation to New South Wales, which
prevailed prior to 1801, the contractors were paid for
each passenger embarked on board their ships. It
being thus their interest to receive the largest possi-
ble number, the passengers were admitted without
reference to their comfort or health, and the neglect
of their sanitary necessities produced a mortality of
from thirty-three to fifty per cent. Yet we are told
there was no omission palpable to common obser-
vation, or that could bo distinctly proved as matter
of crimination to which responsibility might be
attached. The attention of the authorities being at
length aroused to thesubject.an alteration was made
in the terms of the contract, by which payment was
to be made only for those landed alive, instead of for
all those embarked.
The effect of this change was the immediate em-
ployment of competentmen and the thorough appli-
cation of suitable hygienic measures, whereby the
mortality was reduced to one and a half per cent.
The two emigrant vessels recently arrived at thi3
port, namely, the Virginia and England, presented
equally striking illustrations of the evil effects of the
neglect of sanitary measures. With their great over-
crowding and disregard of ventilation, disinfection,
and cleanliness, ship fever or cholera was the inev-
itable consequence, which no sensible person can
doubt might have been wholly avoided by the exer-
cise of proper precautions, to the saving of hundreds
of lives, as well as obviating the necessity of quaran-
tine.
To prevent, therefore, the introduction of cholera
by vessels, the vessels themselves and all their con-
tents need but to be kept under the constant super-
vision and control of sanitary law.
Further information on this grave topic with regard
to the necessities of the case and the means of relief
may be had by consulting the report of the select
committee of the Senate 011 "the sickness and mor-
tality on board emigrant ships," Thirty-Third Con-
gress, first session, No. 386, August 2, 1854.
It is greatly to be regretted that in the discussions
relating to and the enactment- of laws for the sup-
pression of epidemics by quarantine. &c., too little
attention is given to that most valuable feature of
sanitary science and practice, the preventure of dis-
ease. I would therefore respectfully suggest that in
the resolution referred to, power should be given to
enforce such regulations on all passenger vessels as
may be deemed essential to this important end.
Vcry respectfully,
JOHN II. GRISCOM.M.D.
Hon. La Fayette S. Foster,
President of the United States Senate.
P. S. I observe by this morning's paper the proba-
bility of the failure of the joint resolution. In that
event it is earnestly to be hoped that some measure
may be adopted by Government, independently of
quarantine, for the enforcement of sanitary regula-
tions on shipboard, it being demanded by science,
by humanity, and by the best interests of the coun-
try. lleeent improvements in all matters pertaining
thereto will greatly facilitate their application.
JOHN II. GRISCOM.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Massachusetts [Mi*. Svmner] to
