1966.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
258S
the amendment reported by the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. GRIMES. What is the amendment to
the amendment? I should like to hear it read.
The Secretary read the amendment to the
amendment, which was in line three of the
amendment of the committee, to strike out
the word "War" and insert "the Treasury
in line four, to strike out the words "the
Navy" and insert "War;" and in line five to
strike out the words "Treasury, whose con-
current action shall be directed by the Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy," and
insert "Navy, under the direction of the Presi-
dent of the United States;" so that the amend-
ment will read:
That it shall be tho duty of the Secretary of tho
Treasury, with the cooperation of the Secretary of
War and the Secretary of the Navy, under the
direction of the President.of the United States, to
adopt an efficient and uniform system of quaran-
tine against the introduction into this country of
the Asiatic cholera through its porta of entry when-
ever the same may be threatened by the preva-
lence of said disease in countries having direct com-
mercial intercourse with the United States.
2. That he shall also enforce the establishment of
sanitary cordons to prevent the spread of said dis-
ease from infected districts adjacent to or within the
limits of the United States.
3. That said Secretaries are hereby authorized to
use the means at their command to carry out the
foregoing provisions.
4. That it shall be the duty of the Secretary of
State to open a correspondence with the foreign
Powers whose proximity to the United States will
endanger the introduc'inn of Asiatic cholera into
this country through their ports and territory, soli-
citing their cooperation with this Government in such
efforts to prevent the introduction and spread of said
disease: Provided, That this resolution shall con-
tinue in force from its passage until the second Mon-
day in December, A. D. 1866, and no longer.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. A verbal
amendment was proposed by the Senator from
Vermont. [Mr. Edmunds,] strikingoutthe word
"he" in the twelfth line and inserting "they,"
to make the language correct, so that it will
read, "that they shall also enforce the estab-
lishment of sanitary cordons," &c. That cor-
rection will be made if there be no objection.
The question now is on the amendment as
amended.
Mr. MORRILL. On that question I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HARRIS. I move further to amend the
amendment by striking out in line three the
words "it shall be the duty of" and inserting
aftertheword "Treasury" in the same line the
words "shall be authorized in aid of the State
or municipal authorities ;" so that it will read:
That tho Secretary of the Treasury shall be author-
ized, in aid of the State or municipal authorities, with
the cooperation of the Secretary of War and the See-
rotary of tho Navy, under the direction of the Presi-
dent of the United States, to adopt an efficient and
uniform system of quarantine, &c.
It will be perceived that the object of my
amendment is, instead of authorizing directly
these Federal authorities to take this whole
matter into their hands to the exclusion of the
State authorities, to provide that they shall act
in aid of them and in cooperation with them.
It is, in effect, authorizing the General Gov-
ernment, as it was in the resolution that came
from the House of Representatives, to aid the
State and municipal authorities in enforcing
their quarantine.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will ask the Senator
if he understands his amendment to authorize
them to .act where the State or municipal au-
thorities do not act. The object of the com-
mittee's amendment is to enable them to act
where no action is taken by the State or muni-
cipal authorities. Unless the Senator's amend-
ment gives that power, it does not effect the
object contemplated in this measure. I hope
the amendment will not be adopted unless it
does give that power. The expectation is that
they will act in aid of the municipal authori-
ties, but we wish to give them the power to act
where the municipal authorities fail to act.
Mr. HARRIS. I prefer the original resolu-
tion as it came from the House of Representa-
tives, and the amendment that I have offered
substantially accomplishes the same thing. If
Senators have a preference for the proposition
reported by the Committee on Commerce, I
desire to insert this feature of the original res-
olution in the committee's amendment. My
preference would be to vote down their amend-
ment and adopt the resolution as it came from
the House.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope that will not be
done.
The amendment to the amendment was
r^icct©cl«
"The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment reported by the
Committee on Commerce, on which the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
Mr. HENDERSON. Before the vote is taken
I wish to say that in voting against this amend-
ment of the committee I do not desire to nega-
tive the power of Congress on this subject. I
have heard no complaint against State laws on
the subject of quarantine in this discussion, and
I think it altogether likely that the quarantine
regulations now established by the different
States and the different cities are much better
than would be established in the course of any
short time under this act of Congress. The
difficulty will be that, needing the quarantine
immediately, in overthrowing those very excel-
lent quarantine regulations at New York and
other points, we may, in the conflict of juris-
diction, fail to get any good quarantine regula-
tions at all. I have heard no complaint against
those regulations. Gentlemen have urged none
that amount to anything. If I understand it
properly, the regulations of New York are per-
haps superior to any regulations ever established
in this country. They are the most perfect that
can now be established; and inasmuch as we
need the benefit and advantage of an estab-
lishment of this character at present, and will
need it for the next few months, I think it |
better not to interfere with it. In case of the
passage of the amendment I am very well
assured that we shall have a'Conflict in juris-
diction. It is not necessary to bring about that
conflict if the States are doing their duty; and
is it reasonable to suppose that they will not
do their duty ? In the protection of their own
citizens against the ravages of this disease they
will necessarily have to protect the interior of
the country.
Within the last few minutes I have referred
to the legislation of Congress on this subject.
In 1790 Congress passed the following act:
".That the President of the United States be, and
he is hereby, authorized to direct the revenue officers ,,
and the officers commanding forts and revenue-cut- 1
ters to aid in the execution of quarantine, and also
in the execution of the health laws of the States,
respectively, in such manner as may to him appear
necessary."
Afterward, in 1799, a similar act was passed. j
The officers of the United States were directed ]
simply to aid the officers of the States and to j
carry out the quarantine regulations adopted |
by them. In 1832, when we were threatened !
with the cholera, Congress passed another act, ]
not assuming any jurisdiction over the subject :
at all, but carrying out the views entertained j
in 1796 and also in 1799. That act. passed |
on the 13th of July, 1832, is in the following j
words: j
"That if in the opinion of the Secretary of the :
Treasury the revenue-cutters, revenue-boats, or rev- J
enue officers, employed or authorized to be employed ;
for the purposes of tho revenue, should be sufficient
to aid in the execution of the quarantine and health I
laws of any State or the regulations made pursuant
thereto, the said Secretary may cause to be employed
such additional revenue-boats and revenue officers
as he may doom necessary for that purpose, the said
revenue-boats to he of such size and description as
he may see proper. This act to continue in force
until the IthofMareh, 1833.''
That was in 1832, when surely we were <
threatened much more imminently with the i
ravages of this disease than we now are. ;
Mr. CHANDLER. I should like to ask the ,
Senator from Missouri if the quarantine regu-
lations of 1S32 proved perfectly satisfactory to
him and efficacious in preventing the landing ;
and spread of the cholera.
Mr. HENDERSON. That was rather be- !
fore my day. I do not like to confess that I
know much abont the quarantine regulations
of that time. But, sir, I haw failed to find
any legislation of Congress on this subject ex-
cept in aid of the State laws in 1882 «nd 3838.
All the legislation of Congress from the origin
of the Government down to the present time,
so far as I have been able to find, has bees
simply in aid of State laws, and even when we
were threatened with the worst forms of dis-
ease, cholera, yellow fever, and other diseases*
Congress has never undertaken to interfere
with the State regulations. The Senator will
find no legislation assuming jurisdiction over
this subject. I do not pretend to soy that Con-
gress has not the power. In fact, like the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, I say what i am now
saying before I vote on this subject because I
shall vote against the amendment, and I desire
to say this much in order to declare that I
believe Congress has the power. I believe they
have full and entire power. The Senator from
Michigan is correct on that subject.
But if we, on account of the fact that we are
now threatened with the appearance of this
disease among ns, when the States, for the
protection of their own citizens, have adopted
the most perfect system, as I understand, of
quarantine^ undertake to assume jurisdiction
over it on the recommendation of a few phy-
sicians who perhaps—I do not pretend to say
that such is the fact—may be interested ia
putting themselves prominently forward as the
champions of some new system of quarantine,
may it not produce danger and difficulty, and,
in fact, aid in the dissemination of the disease
instead of preventing it? Under the circum-
stances I think it is better to vote down the
amendment and to adopt the joint resolution
as it came from the House. If we do any-
thing on this subject, let us assist the States.
If any reasonable complaint exists against the
quarantine regulations of the different States,
if it be probable or possible that they have
neglected to protect their own citizens, and in
consequence of this neglect the disease may
spread into the interior of the country, then,
perhaps, it may be necessary for us to adopt
some regulation to protect citizens in the in-
terior, when those upon the sea-board will not
protect themselves; but I can scarcely think
it possible. We have now State governments
in all the States. They have one in Louisiana;
they have one in South Carolina; they have
one in each of the different States: and will
they not go to work to protect themselves? I
think, under the circumstances, we had better
let the State regulations stand; and if we do
anything whatever, our officers whom we ap-
point here can make such suggestions to the
State Legislatures, perhaps, as may induce a
better system of legislation than they have.
I think it, therefore, much better to take the
original resolution that came from the House
and not to assume at present a jurisdiction
which I admit we possess, but which will bring
about a conflict and perhaps destroy any good
and perfect system of quarantine.
Mr. CHANDLER- I admit that the quar-
antine at New York has been efficacious, and
there is no intention or expectation that the
Government will interfere where the quaran-
tine is efficacious. The object of this measure
is to make it uniform; that where the States
or municipalities have failed to do their duty,
the General Government shall have the power
to step in and compel its being done. It is
absolute.
I shall vote against the House resolution as
it came to this body, because it is totally ineffi-
cient. It is utterly useless to have even a very
efficient system of quarantine in New lork
harbor if there is no quarantine at all in New
Jersey. It is absolutely useless tohavean effi-
cient quarantine in New York and fail to have
it in Norfolk, because it is well known the mo-
ment the cholera lands it spreads. It may
come into New York the back way, as it came
into Italv across the Alps, No one who has
ever been in Italian cities will say they are not
more liable to the ravages of cholera than the
