1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
to find remunerative employment at labor in
which they are skilled; some, finding that land,
mineral wealth, water-power, and commercial
advantages are open to all in an eminent de-
gree, will come in pursuit of enterprises of mo-
ment, and each new settlement, each new village
or town, and each new branch of industry estab-
lished, around which thousands of people may
settle, will be a new market for the products
of our skill and industry: so that we shall not
only become independent of Great Britain in
so far as not to depend on her for that which is
essential to our comfort or welfare, but inde-
pendent in having a population whose produc-
tions will be so diverge that though the seas
that roll around us were, as Jefferson once
wished them, "seas of fire," our commercial,
manufacturing, and agricultural employments
could go on undisturbed by what was happen-
ing in other lands. When we shall have attained
this condition of affairs we will build ships and
have foreign commerce, for we will have that
to carry away which, being manufactured, will
contain in packages of little bulk our raw ma-
terial, food, mechanical skill, and the labors of
our machinery, impelled by our coal; and in
exchange we will get whatever of raw material
we do not produce, and the ability to retain the
basis of a sound currency which England and
France, by the free trade they preach but do
not practice, now draw from us and other coun-
tries in the position we so humbly occupy of
producers of raw material, whose people lack
the foresight or the ability to supply themselves
with clothing and the means of elegant life.
WHAT CONGRESS SIIOULD 110.
Mr. Chairman, it is not my purpose to pro-
pose any specific modifications of our tariff or
internal revenue laws. They operate most un-
fortunately upon several leading interests of the
country and eminently so on the producers of
umbrellas, manilla cordage, and railroad iron.
But I have confidence in the gentlemen com-
posing the Committee of Ways and Means, and
the suggestive report of the United States Rev-
enue Commissioner is now before us. The re-
sponsibility will justly rest on Congress, if with
such aids we faii to correct those incongruities
in our laws which have "prostrated several im-
portant branches of manufactures to the injury
of the laboring people of the country.
I may, however, remark that I am opposed
to prohibitions or prohibitory duties, but will
gladly unite in imposing on foreign manufac-
tured commodities such discriminating duties
as will defend our industries from overwhelm-
ing assaults at the hands of the selfish capital-
ists who see that Britain's power depends on
Britain's manufacturing supremacy,_ and are
ever read}7 to expend a portion oi their surplus
capital in the overthrow of the rising industries
of other nations. Judicious legislation on this
subject will, by inviting hither her skilled work-
men and sturdy yeomen, so strengthen us and
enfeeble England that she will not make rail-
ways and other improvements for military pur-
poses in Canada, i'or she will see that, when
Canada shall be made the base of military opera-
. lions against the United States, her American
dominions will pass promptly into our posses-
sion.
WE ARE STILL IX COLONIAL BONDAGE TO ENGLAND.
I find, sir, in a journal upon which I am in the
habit of relying, in an article on the British ex-
ports of iron and steel, the statement that during
the seven months terminating July 31, 3865, the
United States purchased more than one third
of the railroad and bar iron exported by Eng-
land. While we were thus adding to the wealth
and power of England, by purchasing one third
of her entire export of railroad and bar iron, one
of her "men-of-war," commanded by an Ameri-
; can traitor, was destroying our unarmed whalers
' engaged in the peaceful pursuits of their dan-
gerous trade, and our furnaces, forges, and roll-
ing-mills were idle, or but partially employed.
The internal taxes levied directly and indirectly
f on a ton of American railroad iron are heavier
•' than the duty imposed an a ton of foreign rails
{ by our tariff, and at this time most of the fur-
39th Coxa. 1st Sea«.—No. 3P>.
naces and rolling-mills of our country are sus-
pended. The Pennsylvania iron works at Dan-
ville, in that State, make both pig and railroad
iron. The invested capital of the company is
$1,500,000. When in full operation it employs
twelve hundred men, upon whom not less than
five thousand women and children depend. The
works are adapted to the production of both pig
iron and rails. They cannot, however, produce
an adequate supply of iron for the rolling-millp,
and the company are annual purchasers of pig
iron. Their capacity is twenty-seven thousand
tons pig iron and thirty-three thousand tons of
rails. Their actual production in the two last
years was but as follows :
In 1861, Pip iron 17,151 tons.
Rails  22,512 "
In 1865, Pis: iron  14,758 "
Rails  15.950
The Rough and Ready rolling-mill, in the
same town, is capable of producing about twelve
thousand tons of rails per annum. Its proprie-
tors purchase their pig iron. Its production
during the two last years has been in the exact
proportion to its capacity as that of the Penn-
sylvania works. The difficulty with both is that
our internal taxes so far more than counter-bal-
ance the protection afforded by our tariff that
when gold ranges at less than forty British iron
masters can undersell either in our own mar-
kets. Our laws instead of protecting Amer-
ican labor discriminate against it and in favor
of that of England. The duties and internal
taxes on iron evidently need revising. The
interest is depressed, not only in Pennsylva-
nia, but in every part of the country. During
the' latter part of the seven months referred
to four rolling-mills in southeastern Ohio, with
a capacity of sixteen thousand tons of rails per
annum, were idle, and fbe blast furnaces in
the region which can produce one hundred and
thirty-five thousand tons of charcoal pig metal,
produced in 18C5 but forty-five thousand.
Of the twenty furnaces on and near the Alle-
gheny river, in Pennsylvania, only eight were
in blast at the close of the yeai\ I am told
there are nine blast furnaces in Missouri capa-
ble of producing about forty-fi\ e thousandtons,
and that but three are now in operation.^ But
one of the four blast furnaces near Detroit was
in operation in December. The twenty-five
rolling-mills of Pittsburg were, I am informed,
then running but quarter-time, and the produc-
tion of bloom iron in the counties of Xew 1 ork
bordering on Lake Champlain was in 18G5 but,
about one third of that of 18G4. Let me ask,
sir, whether Congress is faithful to the laboring^
men of the country when it deprives them of
tlie opportunity to enrich themselves and the
country by expending their labor on the growth
of our own lands.
From the same journal I also learn^that,
during the same seven months, the United
States imported more than one half of the un-
wrought steel exported from Great Britain,
while a very carefully prepared list of the steel-
works of the country, showing the kinds of steel
made, the product for the last year, and the ca-
pacity of each, shows that the product during
the last year was but eighteen thousand^ four
hundred and fifteen tons, though the capacity ol
the works is forty-two thousand one hundred
tons. It thus appears that we could have made
of the growth of our own lands, and by the em-
ployment of our own people, every tot) of rails,
bar iron, and unwrought steel we imported
during that period. Will the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Voonnr.Ks] say that it would not
have been wise to withhold tliispnironage from
our treacherous rival and bestow it upon our
toiling countrymen ?
The western farmer and railroad man say
"Let me buy iron and steel cheap: it is my
right to buy where I can buy for least money:'
and their Representative, complying with their
wishes, refuses to put an adequateduty upon
, iron and steel. May it not be pertinent to re-
i mind these gentlemen that the manufacturers
! of the iron and steel they import live inhousns
I built of British timber and Bt'Ui;,h si'-ue. and
i furnished with British furniture; that they are
taught, so far as they are educated, by English
teachers; attended in sickness by English doc-
tors ; clothed and shod by English artisans; and
that their wages are expended in confirming
British supremacy by augmenting British in-
dustry and British commerce; that they are fed
with wheat gathered on the banks of the Nile
and the Baltic, or wherever England can buy
it cheapest; and that General Jackson's asser-
tion, that to transfer six hundred thousand
men from agricultural to manufacturing em-
ployments would give us a greater market for
our agricultural products than all Europe now
supplies, is as true now as it was when first
uttered. But that, if we import the men to make
the iron and steel we will need for 1866, 1867,
and 1868, the implements with which they will
dig the limestone and ore, and mine the coal,
will be of American production; the food they
will eat will be grown on American soil j the
timber of the houses they will occupy will be
cut from American forests; the stones with,
which it will mingle will be quarried from Amer-
ican quarries; and the tailor, shoemaker, and
hatter, the teacher, preacher, and doctor, andall
others whose services they will require, and
whose presence will augment the population of
the village, the town, or the city will be Ameri-
cans, and depend for their supplieson American
labor. And may I not ask whether the farmers
of the country, in being relieved from colonial
dependence and having a steady market thus
brought to their door—a market in which wheat
from the banks of the Nile and ,the shores of
the Baltic will never compete with and cheapen
theirs—would not, though they paid more dol-
lars per ton, find that they were buying their
iron and steel cheaper if they gave fewer
bushels *of wheat for it, and less frequently
consumed their surplus crops as fuel or per-
mitted them to rot in the field ? He does not
buy most cheaply who pays least money for
the articles he gets, but he who gives the least <
percentage of his day's, month's or year's la-
bor in exchange for a given commodity; and
tested by this standard, the cheapest market in.
which iron and steel can be bought for Ameri-
can purposes will be found in the protected
market of America.
PROTECTION CHEAPENS.GOODS.
But protection begets competition and in-
variably cheapens the money value of commod-
ities. This is not mere theory; it is fact estab-
lished by the experience of all nations that have
protected their industry. Washington's Secre-
tary of the Treasury understood this as perfectly
as the adept in social science understands it to-
day. Every nation that ever protected its indus-
try improved the quality and lessened the price
of its productions; and no people, while not
protecting their manufactures, have ever been
able to hold a fair position among the commer-
cial nations of the world, because they could not
compete in cheapness with protected industries.
While Holland protected her industry more
adequately than England, she sold her cheap
o-oods in that country and maintained her su-
premacy on the seas. It was then-that, the Dutch
raised the ire of Andrew Yamnton by taunting
Englishmen with their want of skill, and Eng-
land with her want of civilization, in selling her
raw products at the price others would give, and
buying back part of them when manufactured
at "tlie price at which others would sell. But
when England perfected her protective system,
her superior advantages in coal and ^iron ga\ e
her commercial supremacy, by enabling her to
cheanen articles she had believed herself unable
to produce, and to employ British ships in car-
rying English fabrics to mere growers of raw
material in every part of the world.
France, as 1 have shown, protects her indus-
try, and her silks, laees, cloths, cashmeres, and
products of iron and steel hold their placc in
the markets of the world in spite of England's
larger commercial marine and more abundant
suuply of eoal and iron. Has prfttectiou «£•
creased the price of anything but labor in Get'-
nianv? Before the ustabli.slsmeiit of the
Vevem or Customs-Union she exported notmng
