1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3545
to call up the question for the action qf the
House.
Mr. SPALDING. Whenever it will suitthe
convenience of the House after the report shall
have been printed.
The Clerk began the reading of the report,
but was interrupted by
Mr. HALE, who said: I move that the fur-
ther reading of the report be dispensed with.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania has the right to demand that a
report upon which he is required to vote shall
be read. The only way in which the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Hale] can accom-
plish his purpose is, this being Monday, to
move a suspension of the rule which entitles a
member to demand the reading of the docu-
ment.
Mr. HALE. I make that.motion.
Tttr. ELDRIDGE. Is it nottoolate to make
that motion, the reading of the report having
been commenced?
The SPEAKER. It is not too late.
Mr. RAYMOND. I suggest that, besides
this report, there is a good deal of testimony
that ought to be printed and examined before
any action shall be taken on this subject. I
think the object we all have in view will be better
attained by waiving the further consideration
of this subject until we can have both reports
as well as the testimony printed and laid on
our desks.
Mr. HALE. Let me add one word. The
controlling reason is that the gentleman from
Kentucky is not now in his seat.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to slate to the House my object in asking for
the reading of the report. It is simply this:
that we may hear it read and hear the testi-
mony which has been taken, so that members
may reflect upon it to-niglit and be prepared
to-morrow calmly to vote on the subject. I
therefore insist on the reading of the report.
Mr. WENTWORTIL I rise to a point _ of
order. I make the point that the Clerk'having
begun the reading of the report in execution
of the order of the House, no member has a
right to interrupt it until the reading has been
concluded.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. It has been the uniform usage
to interrupt the reading of a paper when the
^ question has been raised to decide whether the
reading should be concluded or not. This being
^Monday, of course a motion to suspend the
rules is in order, and that motion is now pend-
ing. The Clerk will read from page 162 of
Barclay's Digest.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Where papers are laid before the House or re-
ferred to a committee, every member has a right to
have them oncc read at the table before he can be
compelled to vote on them; and this applies to the
reading of papers on a motion to refer them. And so
in regard to any proposition submitted for a vote of
the House, butitbomganghtderived from therules,
he may at anv time (when a motion to suspend the
rules is in order) be deprived ot it by a suspension of
the rules, even after the main question is ordored to
be put."
The question recurred on Mr. Hale's motion
to suspend the rules.
The House divided, and there were—ayes
87, noes 28.
So the rules were suspended and the further
reading of the report was also suspended.
The majority and minority reports were th«n
laid upon the table and ordered to be printed.
enrolled bills.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that they had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled bills of the
following titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (S. No. 50) granting a pension to
Mary 0. Hamilton;
An act (S. No. 215) concerning certain lands
granted to the State of Nevada;
An act (S. No. 299) granting a pension to
Jane E. Miles;
An act (S. No. 314) for the relief of Sarah
J. Purcell; and
An act (S. No. 368) granting a pension to
Mrs. Margaret A. Farran.
TARIFF AGAIN.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that all further
debate on the pending paragraphs in Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union in
reference to lead be terminated in five minutes,
to give the gentleman from Missouri an oppor-
tunity to be heard.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ROSS. Is it in order to move to post-
pone the further consideration of the tariff bill?
The SPEAKER. It is not, as the bill is
not before the House, but in the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended: and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole oh the state of the Union, (Mr.
Scofield in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the special order, being a bill of
the House (No. 718) to provide increased rev-
enue from imports, and for other purposes.
Mr. HOGAN. Mr. Chairman, this is a ques-
tion of very considerable importance to the
House and the country. We are now large
importers of lead into this country, and have
been during the war, while at the same time
we have had the most abundant supply in our
own country. We have a more abundant sup-
ply in this country than perhaps almost any
Other country in the world ; but we have been
unable heretofore to supply ourselves with
lead, because of the cheaper rate at which it
could be introduced from abroad.
This tariff proposes to raise the duty one
cent per pound on pig lead. This is a benefit
exclusively to the laborer. The miner only
gets the advantage. The price of pig lead reg-
ulates the value of the ore. We should not
introduce foreign lead and be dependent on it
as we have been for the last four years in order
to carry on our war. The ore can be produced
in this country if the laborer gets sufficient pro-
tection in the price of lead. The price of lead
now throughout the world is higher than it has
been heretofore, but this tariff only proposes
advancing the rate of duty on pig lend one cent
per pound. I hope the committee will agree
to do it. It, is a boon given to the miner, and
I am opposed to any reduction.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question being taken upon the amend-
ment to the amendment, to strike out "two and
a half" and insert " four," it was not agreed to.
The question recurring on the amendment
of Mr. Rice, of Massachusetts, to strike out
"three"and insert "two and a half," the gen-
tleman withdrew it.
'The Clerk read as follows:
Onlcad ore, two and a half cents per pound.
On old scrap lead, fit only to be rcnianufactured.
two cent-* per pound.
On lead in sheets, pipes, or shot, three and a half
cents per pound.
Mr. BEAMAN. I move to insert after the
last paragraph the words "on copper, regulus
of, twenty per cent, ad calm-cm."
The CHAIRMAN. All debate is closed on
the subject of lead, and the Chair is therefore
of opinion that this amendment is not in order
as coming under this head.
Mr. BEAMAN. I would inquire of the chair-
man of the committee whether "regulus" is
covered in any part of this bill.
Mr. MORIilLL. It is not; and I suppose
it is proper that this amendment should be
introduced.
Mr. BEAMAN. It is evidently a different
article from ore and has received increased
value. I think, therefore, that twenty per ccnt.
is the proper rate to put upon it, as it is fifteen
per cent, on the ore.
The amendment was agreed to.
At the suggestion of Mr. Mooruead the fore-
going amendment was transposed so as to come
in after the paragraph in relation to copper ore. I
Mr. COBB. I move to amend the paragraph
in relation to "lead in sheets, pipes, and shot,"
by striking out "three and a half cents " and
inserting " four and a half cents."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On zinc, spelter, or teutenague, in blocks or pigs,
two and a half cents per pound.
Mr. COBB. I move to strike out "two and
a half cents" and insert "four cents." The
manufacture of metallic zinc is an interest
quite in its infancy in this country, and it is
one which, in my estimation, requires more
protection than any other of the mining or
metallic interests of the country. It is one in
which labor and capital enter more largely in
proportion to its value than any of the other
mineral productions of the country. Previous
to I860, so far as my information goes, there
was little or none produced in the United
States; all was brought from Germany and
some other European countries. Now, there
are zinc-works in five or six different States
—Wisconsin; Illinois, Pennsylvania, New Jer-
sey^ and Massachusetts. But the production
of zinc has never yet been remunerative in any
of those States. While we produce zinc ore
in greatest abundance and of the very best
quality, yet we have never been able to manu-
facture it to advantage, in consequence of the
intricate and complicated character of the ma-
chinery and processes by which the zinc is sep-
arated from the ore. It is not smelted like
other ores, but is produced by a system of dis-
tillation or sublimation, which requires exten-
sive and costly patented machinery and pro-
cesses. I have some statistics here which if
the time allowed I would like to read.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope the amendment
will not bo adopted. It will be necessary to
go through the bill and make several other
alterations if it is adopted. The amount we
have provided is, I think, sufficient, and ought
not to be changed.
Mr. COBB. We can make the other changes
without much trouble.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On zinc, spelter, or teutenague in sheets, four cents
per pound.
On oxide of zinc, dry or ground in oil, three cents
per pound.
On all manufactures of zinc, not herein otherwise
provided for, forty per cent, ad valorem.
On candle or cannel coal, and on all bituminous
cj^il mined and imported irom any port or place
tmrty degrees of longitude cast of Washington, $1 50
per ton of twenty-eight bushels, eighty pounds to the
bushel; on all bituminous coal mined and imported
from any place not more than thirty degrees of lon-
gitude east of Washington, fifty cents per ton of
twenty-eight bushels, eighty pounds to the bushel ,-
on anthracite, and all other coal not herein other-
wise provided for, SI 50 per ton of twenty-eight bush-
els. eighty pounds to the bushel; on coke and culm
of coai, twenty-five per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. E. THOMAS. Mr. Chairman, I move
to strike out from the paragraph just read the
words, where they first occur, " thirty degrees
of longitude east from Washington," and also
the words, " on all bituminous coal mined and
imported from any placc not more than thirty
degrees of longitude east of Washington, fifty
cents per ton of twenty-eight bushels, eighty
pounds to the bushel." The House will re-
member that early in the present session we
had before us a bill which was intended to take
the place, so far as this article was concerned, ,
of the expiring reciprocity treaty. And it will
be remembered, too, on that occasion that a
proposition, having the same object in view I
now have, was then submitted by myself, and
after the subject was so far discussed as the
rules of this House will permit, and upon ex-
amination of the bill in detail, the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations moved to
strike out the enacting clause of the bill, and
a large majority ratified that motion. Under
these circumstances I must be permitted to
express a little surprise that such a proposition
as this, to which I propose to address a few
remarks, should have been again submitted to
the present Congress. And I must still mure
express my surprise, with all respect,* that the
