146
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 6,
Senate.
Apportionment of Representation—Mr. Saulsbury.
39tii Cong.... 1st Sess.
that one of the objects of keeping out southern
representatives from legislation in these Halls
was to pass measures of this character in their
absence which could not be passed if they were
present, and thus to deprive that section of the
country of its equal representation according
to the Constitution as it now exists; and it was
said that if this was not done they, uniting with
those who have been politely, and I was about
to say gentlemanly, termed "copperheads,"
would control the politics of the country in the
future. >
Mr. President, we all know that there was a
time when the States of this Union were equal.
There was a time when the Federal Constitu-
tion did not exist, and when the States of this
Union being all equal, all separate, all inde-
pendent, all, according to the second of the
Articles of Confederation, having reserved to
themselves absolute sovereignty, met together
in council to form a more perfect Union; and
one of the most difficult subjects requiring their
deliberation, and which came as near almost
as any other preventing the formation of that
Constitution and the permanent establishment
ofthat Union, was this very question of taxation
and representation. As has been often said in
this Chamber and elsewhere, one of the great
compromises of the Constitution was t.his very
compromise of taxation according to repre-
sentation. The proposition now, however, is
to deny that equal representation and to make
taxation unequal. As the clause of the Con-
stitution now stands it reads thus:
"Representatives and direct taxes shall be appor-
tioned among the several States which may be in-
eluded within this UDion according to their respect-
ive numbers, which shall bo determined by adding
to the whole number of free persons, including those
bound to service for a term of years, and excluding"
Indians not taxed, three fifths of all other persons."
The proposition now before the Senate is:
Representation shall be apportioned among the
several tetates which may be included within this
Union according to the respective numbers, counting
the whole number of persons in each State, excluding
Indians not taxed: Provided, That whenever the
elective franchise shall be denied or abridged in any
btate on account of race or color, all persons therein
of such race or color shall be excluded from the basis
01 representation.
Now, Mr. President, I wish to make this
suggestion and ask this question : whether, if
this proposition, now before the Senate, had
been made to the delegates of the several States
who formed the Constitution, you would ever
hail the Federal Union?
The proposition is to increase the taxation
of the southern people and to decrease their
representation. Suppose such a proposition
as that had been made in the Convention which
framed the Constitution, I ask you, sir, do you
believe you would ever have had this Union?
Certainly not. Vou propose—that is the effect
of it—by your legislation here, in the absence
of the representatives of that section of the
country which is mostly to be affected by it. to
do an act of injustice which had it been pro-
posed by your fathers in the Convention which
named the Constitution would not have been
submitted to, which would have forever pre-
vented the formation of the Federal Union.
1 hen I ask you, why do you do it now ? Simply
because you have the power, asyou suppose, to
inflict an unfair and unjust measure upon—yes,
I will use the word a conquered and submis-
sive people; you propose to change the funda-
mental law at a time when one third of the
country, and that the third of the country that
is to be affected injuriously by it, have no rep-
resentative on this floor to speak in behalf of
their interests.
Attempt such an injustice toward the States
of New York, Pennsylvania, and Ohio, and
every hill-top and valley will glitter with the
weapons of resistance in the hands of a people
acting responsively to the call of liberty as
magically as did the Scottish heights at the
command of Roderick Dhu.
In discussing questions of this kind, it is
proper that we should go back and consider
what it was our fathers meant to do in the estab-
lishment of this Government, and what kind of
a Government it was which they did establish.
As I said before, the time was when these
States lived under what were called the Articles
of Confederation. These Articles of Confeder-
ation having been found by experience not
sufficient for all the general purposes of the
States, they sent delegates to a Convention to
frame the Constitution under which we now
live. To show you how guarded they were in
reference to the character and form of the Gov-
ernment which should be established, how jeal-
ous they were of their rights as States, and how
jealous they were of the spirit of liberty, I ask
your attention for one moment to a few of the
instructions which they gave to their repre-
sentatives :
"The powers to these deputies were the following:
"By New Hampshire, ' to discuss and decide upon
the most effectual means to remedy the defects of
the Federal Union.'
"Massachusetts, 'in conformity with theresolution
of Congress recommending a convention for the sole
purpose of revising the Articles of Confederation, to
render the Federal Constitution adequate to the preser-
vation of the Union.'
"Connecticut, 'for the sole and express purpose of
revising the Articles of Confederation, to render the
Federal Constitution adequate to the exigencies of
government, and the preservation of the Union.'
"New York, in the same words.
"New Jersey, 'for the purpose of taking into con-
sideration the state of the Union, as to trade and other
important subjects, and of devising such other pro-
visions as shall appear to be necessary to render the
Constitution of the Federal Government adequate to
the exigencies thereof.'
"Pennsylvania, 'to devise such alterations and fur-
ther provisions as may beneeessary to render the Fed-
eral Constitution fully adequate to the exigencies of
the Union.'
"Delaware, in the same words, with a proviso that
gach State shall have one vote in Congress.
^Maryland, in the same words, without the proviso.
"Virginia,in the samewords. This State passed the
first law for appointing delegates to the Convention.
North Carolina, 'for the purpose of revising tlio
leaeral Constitution.'
" South Carolina, 'to devise such alterations asmay
be thought neSossary to render the Federal Constitu-
tion entirely adequate to the actual situation and fu-
ture good government of the confederated States.'
"Georgia, 'todevise such alterations asmay render
the Federal Constitution adequate to the exigencies
of the Union.'"
I read these instructions to the delegates to
the General Convention for thepurposeofshow-
ing that the object of-the States in sending their
delegates to a General Convention in 1787 was
not for the purpose of establishing a different
kind of Government, but only to perfect the ex- ■■
isting Federal Government under the Articles
of Confederation, and to make it adequate for
the general purposes common to all. And. in
fact, this is all the Convention did, if Mr. Mad-
ison is tobe considered authority. In the fortieth
number of the Federalist he remarks:
"We have seen in the new Government, as in the
old, the general powers are limited, and that the
btates in all unenumerated cases are left in the en-
jo> meiit of their sovereign and independent jurisdic-
tion. the truth is that the great orineiplcs of the
Constitution proposed by the Convention mav be con-
sidered less as absolutely new than as the expansion
of principles which are found in the Articles of Con-
federation."
We know very well that when the delegates
met together there was great diversity of opin-
ion among them as to the true nature and
character of the Government which should be
formed. We had the plan of Mr. Randolph,
of Virginia; we had the plan of Mr. Pinckney,
of South Carolina; we had the plan of Mr.
Hamilton; we had the plan of Mr. Patterson; i
and we had the more republican and Federal j
form as presented by Mr. Dickinson, of my own '
State. During the progress of the debates, and
for weeks it was attempted in that Convention :
to introduce the term " National Legislature.''
" National Judiciary,:' "National Executive." ;
Some wished to clothe the Executive with power !
during good behavior ; Mr. Hamilton, the Sen- I
ate of the United States during good behavior. 1
Air. Randolph, of Virginia, offered stmdrv !
resolutions even after the word national had
ofter"tlf t'le®ta*es'ProP°singiamong '
" That a national Legislature shall have the right ij
to legislate in all cases in which tho harmony of the
United States may be interrupted by the exercise of
individual legislation, and to negative all laws passed
by the several States contravening, in the opinion of
the national Legislature, the articles of the Union or
any treaty under the Union."
So the controversy among these patriotic
fathers went on until some of the members,
among others Mr. Lansing, of New York, and
Mr. Luther Martin, of Maryland, retired from
the Convention, giving up all hope of ever form-
ing such a system of Government as the States
would agree to live under. It was then that
the representatives from New Hampshire came
in. After further deliberation, the Convention
came to the conclusion not to form a •'nation-
al" Government with a "national'' Executive,
a "national" Legislature, and a "national"
Judiciary, but to continue a Federal Govern-
ment, on the principles of the Articles of Con-
federation, and hence, instead of incorporating
in the Constitution of the United States, as in-
dicating the depositary of legislative power,
the word "Parliament" or " national Legisla-
ture,' ' they adopted the term " Congress of the
United States," which was a fit, apt, and ap-
propriate term to showthe nature of the power
intended to be deposited, or to be preserved
or created in that Constitution by the repre-
sentatives of sovereign and independent States,
and to show the character of that Government,
its relations to the States, and the relation of the
States to each other.
The relation of the Government formed by
the States was that of the creature to the crea-
tor, of the common agent to associated princi-
pals; and the relation of the States to eaeh
other was that of equality. As equal, inde-
pendent political sovereignties, they agreed in
the Constitution which they formed that no
State, without its consent, should be deprived
of its equal suffrage in the Senate. This pro-
vision manifestly establishes not only the equal-
ity of the States, but the indestructibility of
one State by the others, and establishes the
further fact, which is of the greatest import-
ance at the present time* that this Senate has
not, under any pretense whatever, any power
on earth, without the consent of a State, to
deny such State representation, and equal rep-
resentation, in the Senate. And here. sir. I
take occasion to express my unqualified dis-
sent from the opinion recently expressed on this
floor by the Senator from Pennsylvania. [Mr.
Bcckalew,] that this provision of the Consti-
tution, in relation to Senators, can be changed
by amendment, if he meant to be understood
as saying that such change can be made with-
out the consent of the State to be affected
thereby. This is an unalterable compact be-
tween the States. The union of England and
Scotland, effected by compact, contains stipula-
tions beyond the power of the united Govern-
ment to alter, especially that in relation to the
religion of the latter kingdom. The stipula-
tion in our Constitution referred to is equally
beyond the power of the States to alter. The
Convention which framed the Constitution con-
sidered no questions more thoroughly, nor were
any more difficult of adjustment than those of
j lepresentation and taxation. As h coinpro*
I mise. and the only one upon which they could
agree, they declared that—
j "Representatives and direct taxe« «h;tl! be appor-
5?vcral .*«"  which may bo
eluded within this Onion, according to their respect-
«lk  min>')er3, which shall be determined by adding to
the whole number of free persons, including those
bound to service lor a term of years, and excluding
Indians not taxed, three fifths of all other persons."
Then, I say, that had the proposition which is
now before us been presented to the fathers, it
would not have been entertained for a moment.
I might go on and cite extracts from the Fed-
eral, St showing tho views of Mr. Madison, Mr.
Hamilton, Mr. Jay. the authors of that cele-
brated work, in reference to the Constitution
as finally presented for the consideration of the
States, to .show that it was o^ily claimed that
but a very few powers were delegated to the
