3546
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
did not think proper, in the very elaborate an-
alysis in which he indulged of the entire bill,
to turn the attention of the committee to this
peculiar anomaly and justify its introduction
into such a measure. I can only account for
it by the belief that if a few sentences had been
interpolated in that speech in vindication of
the policy looked to in this provision, there
would have been the most palpable, obvious,
direct antagonism between those sentences and
the entire theory of the speech itself.
The chairman of the committee very ably
vindicated the protective policy of the country,
and for that ho has my most decided thanks.
For no man in his public capacity has ever
been truer than I to the belief that the Gov-
ernment of the United States has that power,
■which has sometimes been contested, of pro-
tecting domestic industry from injurious foreign
competition; nor has any man in his public
life been truer than I to practicing up to that
precept. What I complain of now is this:
that for some occult, sinister purpose in their
advisers, the Committee of Ways and Means
have permitted themselves to be prevailed
upon to incorporate in this bill a provision
directly in antagonism with the whole policy
for which the chairman himself contends ■with
such distinguished zeal and ability. Upon
what is the policy of protection foundsd ? In
what idea? That it is wise foresight in the
Government to levy duties upon such prod-
ucts of industry as may become necessary to
our independence as a nation, with a view to
the encouragement of capital and labor to em-
bark in such pursuits ; that in the event of a
contingency that often happens in this condi-
tion of civilization, namely, war, wo may bo
proudly independent of every nation on the
globe, having within our jurisdiction all the
means of self-preservation and self-protection,
and of subduing the enemy with whom we may
come in conflict.
That policy was inaugurated fifty years ago.
It has been adhered continuously to ever since:
it has never been departed from. And, sir, 1
know not an instance in the history of the Gov-
ernment—and I have watched its progress for
forty years of my life with earnestness—I know
not an instance where such enormous protec-
tion, ay, such prohibitory protection, has been
incorporated in a tariff bill as that which is
spread all over the face of this measure, until
you come to the very item that I now propose
to rectify in this regard. I need not point to
instances of these high duties. Gentlemen
have all read this bill; duties from one hun-
dred to one hundred and fifty per cent, on iron,
and on woolen and cotton cloths. Yery few
items that are largely manufactured in those
sections of the country from whence a major-
ity of this committee come are to be found
that have not a duty of over fifty per cent, ad
valorem.
I do not complain of their policy. I desire
to move in that column, for I am one of those
who_ believe that whatever might have been
originally the wisdom, patriotism, and pro-
priety of embarking in this system of protec-
tion, we have waded in so far that it would be
harder to return now than go on. And if gen-
tlemen have had speculative opinions about the
wisdom of such a policy, I hold that the ex-
perience of this country during the late war,
that the logic of facts and events, must eradi-
cate every doubt in an American mind that
such policy was wise and patriotic and indis-
pensable to this Government. "We have been
able to command the means for prosecuting
the war in our own jurisdiction, when all the
crowned heads of Europe, with perhaps a
single exception, were against us during the
late conflict. And but for the existence of our
domestic manufactures is it not easy to be seen
that our attempt to vindicate the authority
of the Government must have been a signal
failure? 1
Now, why is the coal interest, a domestic
industryrto which I have referred, neglected
in this bill ? It is not allowed under the pro-
posed tariff even a revenue duty. This bill
proposes to impose a duty of $1 50 per ton
upon coal that has to cross the ocean. But
they have very adroitly incorporated novelties
in this bill such as I think are not to be found
in any other tariff law that has ever been upon
our statute-books. They have very adroitly
run a certain line, and you must have some
geographical knowledge to know for what spe-
cial purpose that line was established. They
have said that coal brought here from this side
of a certain line of longitude shall pay a duty
<5f only fifty cents a ton. Why not say in plain
words, just what that means, that coal brought
from the coal mines of Nova Scotia, owned in
part by speculators of the United States, shall
come in at a duty of fifty cents per ton, at a
duty less than we impose now for revenues? I
say that is not even a revenue duty. Let gen-
tlemen look at the tariff of 1864 which we passed.
In that tariff, in almost every instance, the
duties for protection were not less than forty
per cent, ad valorem,. Duties«for revenue in
the same tariff are high. The duties in that
bill are from three to fifteen cents per pound
on sugar; five cents per pound upon coffee,
&c. Those duties, levied chiefly with a view
to revenue, not one of them was so small an
ad valorem duty as this which is proposed on
coal imported from the coal mines of Nova
Scotia.
I have taken pains to inform myself before
I undertake to speak confidently upon this
subject. I have taken the pains to ascertain
the market value of a ton of this Nova Scotia
coal at the custom-houses where it is delivered.
And I say that this proposed tariff does not
impose a duty -of more than ten per cent, ad
valorem, on that value. And let gentlemen
look over this tariff and find a similar duty
levied upon many articles even for revenue
alone. Why is this ? Why not speak out be-
fore Congress that which we speak privately?
At the time this matter was discussed before,
I had read at the Clerk's table an extract from
a Nova Scotia newspaper, which was published
in our debates, going to show that in the dis-
turbed state of the coal interests in this coun-
try, of which I shall presently speak so far as
I am personally informed, a number of capi-
talists m the North, in Boston and New York,
had invested their money in these Nova Scotia
coal mines, having obtained leases upon the
acre. I had also read by the Clerk in another
paper a report of a commission appointed in
Nova Scotia to examine into the condition and
progress of the coal mining in that Province,
going to show that these capitalists had divided
fifty per cent., one hundred per cent., even one
hundred and fifty-five per cent., upon their in-
vestments.-
Tliat state of affairs was produced by the
disturbances of the late war. I need not dwell
much on that. We all know very well that
the great lines of communication between the
bituminous coal-fields of West Virginia and of
Alleghany, Maryland, and the sea-board, both
by railroad and canal, were almost entirely in-
terrupted by the operations of the enemy. A
similar state of things prevailed in the bitu-
minous coal-fields of Pennsylvania, not from
the same cause, but from the fact that a large
number of the laboring population engaged in
mining volunteered to go to the war.
Without looking to the diminution of the
quantity brought in from the coal-fields of
Pennsylvania, I can simply state that from the
coal-fields in Alleghany, Maryland, the trans-
portation on the Chesapeake and Ohio canal
was reduced from three hundred thousand tons
to ninety-four thousand tons per annum. The
transportation since the war has again run up
to three hundred and forty-six thousand tons.
What was the consequence of this state of af-
fairs? Those gentlemen who speculated in the
coal mines of Nova Scotia put up the coal to
twelve dollars a ton in the market, though there
was nothing to prevent them selling after the
war at the same price as before the war. Yet,
sir, they place the price of coal at twelve dol-
lars a ton ; they could do it safely in the ab-
senc%pf competition. We are now engaged in
a system of legislation, attempting to pass a law
through Congress that will perpetuate that
state of affairs and give to those lessees of
Nova Scotia coal lands an opportunity to make
enormous profits, at the expense of a large body
of our own manufacturers and to the utter ruin-
and annihilation of a large interest in Maryland,
Pennsylvania, and West Virginia, of which I
shall presently speak.
Mr. Chairman, I undertake to predict,
although no prophet is required to foresee the
effect, that if you pass this bill without the
amendment I propose it will be almost an
interdict of coal transportation on the Ches-
apeake and Ohio canal and the Baltimore and
Ohio railroad, while it will insure the enor-
mous profit of from forty to fifty per cent,
upon the capital invested in the Nova Scotia
mines. *
What is my proposition ? I simply propose
to strike out the lines from this bill intended
to secure advantages to dealers in Nova Scotia
coal and to provide, so far as the importation
of that coal is concerned, for the collection of
the duty which is imposed by the bill upon coal
coming across the ocean. If my amendment
be adopted this clause of the bill will read:
On candle or cannel coal, and on all bituminous
coal mined and imported.from any port or place, SI 50
per ton of twenty-eight,bushels, eighty pounds to the
bushel; on anthracite, and all other coal not herein
otherwise provided for, si 50 per ton of twenty-eight
bushels, eighty pounds to the bushel; on coke and
culm of coal, twenty-five per cent, ad valorem.
I ask that all foreign bituminous coal shall
be put upon the same basis. I am at alossto
conceive how we can, with any compatibility,
acting in accordance with the received opinion
of the objects and purposes of a tariff law for
revenue or protection, adopt any other meas-
ure. Now, first, as to the effect upon the rev-
enue if the bill be passed as now reported.
Seven hundred thousand tons of bituminous
coal was brought into the country in 1865.
Estimating that at $1 50 per ton, it would pro-
duce for us a revenue of $1,050,000. Estimat-
ing it at fifty cents per ton, it would produce a
revenue of $350,000, making a loss to the pub-
lic Treasury of $700,000 a year. I am not
about to maintain that the passage forthwith
of this bill for the benefit of the holders of these
coal lands in Nova Scotia will operate to the
exclusion immediately from market of the
products of the coal mines of this country. I
am not about to maintain that a duty of $1 50
per ton upon all coal from Liverpool will ex-
clude that coal also; neither am I about to main-
tain that the coal operators of Pennsylvania
and Maryland and Virginia cannot stagger
along for some time under the operation of
this bill; but I do maintain that the policy set
forth in this billlooks to the exclusion of ourdo-
mestic bituminous coal from market altogether.
It contemplates the exclusion of the coal from
Liverpool also; and it will in time, if persisted
in, have the inevitable effeet of annihilating the
coal interest of Pennsylvania and Maryland.
If this policy be pursued, instead of having
only seven hundred thousand tons of coal from
Nova Scotia we will have three million tons
annually in place of that amount mined and
sent to market from our own coal-fields.
I am notified by the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means that my time has
nearly expired.
Mr. MORRILL. I only desire to notify the
gentleman from Maryland that the time he
asked for has expired.
Mr. F. THOMAS. I will only state—and I
hope this will not be counted out of my time—
that when this bill was introduced I abstained
from occupying the hour to which I was en-
titled, preferring to submit my remarks when
the item of coal was imtnediately before the
House. Now that we are on the subject of
coal I hope I will be indulged in making the
remarks which I could have made in the gen-
eral discussion.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. I hope
the gentleman w'ill be allowed to proceed.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has six
