1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3547
minutes of his time left. It cannot be ex-
tended as we are acting under the orders of
the House.
Mr. MARSTON. I ask that the gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. F. Thomas] shall be al-
lowed what time he desires, if it be a full hour
even.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that by general consent in the House the gen-
tleman from Maryland [Mr. P. Thomas] was
allowed twenty or- thirty minutes on this ques-
tion. We are now acting under order of the
House, and the committee have 110 power
to extend the time allowed by order of the
House.
Mr. MORRILL. So far as I am concerned
I wish the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. F.
Thomas] to have all the time he wishes. Still,
I know the committee are acting under order
of the House.
Mr. F. THOMAS. As we are to travel some-
what by rule in Committee of the Whole, I move
that the committee rise with a view that the
House take action upon this question. And I
would suggest, too, that it is very near the time
when ordinarily we adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Scofield re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had under considera-
tion the Union generally, and particularly the
special order, being bill of the House No. 718,
to provide increased revenue from imports, and
for other purposes, and had come to no resolu-
tion thereon.
close of debate.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to submit a mo-
tion now to give the gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. F. Thomas] as much additional time upon
this subject, when its consideration shall again
be resumed in committee, as he may desire, be
that what it may.
Mr. F. THOMAS. I think a half or three
quarters of an hour will be enough. I think
three quarters of an hour.
Mr. MORRILL. I think I can hardly con-
sent to allow the gentleman more than an
hour's speech altogether on this subject.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed
that the gentleman from Maryland has six min-
utes remaining of the time heretofore granted
by the House.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the gentleman
from Maryland be allowed thirty minutes ad-
ditional time, upon the subject of coal, when
the consideration of the same shall again be
resumed in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. COFFROTH. 1 move to amend that
motion so as to make it forty-five minutes.
Mr. GARFIELD. We must accord as much
time to the one side as to the other ; and there-
fore I hope it will not be over thirty minutes.
The SPEAKER. The House having ordered
all general debate on this bill in Committee
of the Whole to be closed, it will require a sus-
pension of the rules to permit any more than
debate under the five-minute rule.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that when the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union shall re-
sume the consideration of the bill of the House
No. 718, the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
F. Thomas] shall be allowed thirty minutes in
addition to the time already allowed him by the
House ; and that I may be allowed ten minutes
to reply to him.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I shall object
to the rules being suspended to allow any indi-
vidual members time to speak on this subject,
unless I am allowed to come in also.
Mr. COFFROTH. I move to amend the
motion of the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr.
Morrill,] so as to allow the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. F. Thomas] forty-five minutes
additional time.
The SPEAKER. The amendment of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Coffroth]
is not in order upon a motion to suspend the
rales.
The motion to suspend the rules was agreed
to, and the order for debate made accordingly.
tariff bill again.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Scofield in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the special order, being a bill of
the House (No. 718) to provide increased rev-
enue from imports, and for other purposes.
Mr. F. THOMAS. The House will do me
the justice to believe that I am not ambitious
to occupy their attention. Nothing but a
stern sense of duty induces me to engage in a dis-
cussion of this character, for it is one entirely
new to my habits of thought and speculation.
(That it may be seen that the interests involved
here arc of no ordinary character, I will com-
mence what I now have to say by giving some-
thing like an outline of thg.vast interests in-
volved in the State which 1 in part represent.
I assume that it is hardly necessary for mo
to state, for the proposition is self-evident,
that the coal interests of Maryland, located,
as they are, nearly two hundred miles from
the sea-board, cannot compete, without any
duty at all, with not even a revenue duty, with
the coal mines of Nova Scotia, lying within
six miles of water transportation. If there be
any gentleman present who wants to have a
single fact that will be conclusive upon that
point, he may discover it in the declaration I
make, that every ton of coal transported from
the Broad Top tunnels of Pennsylvania or
from the Alleghany regions of Maryland to the
sea-board costs not less than SI 50 for trans-
portation. And when it reaches the sea-board,
or water transportation, either at this city or
Baltimore, and I presume it will be about the
same at Philadelphia, the freight to New York
will be about the same, I think precisely the
same, that the freight is upon coal from the
mines of Nova Scotia to the same point.
With these facts in mind, gentlemen will see
at once that with a duty of only fifty cents per
ton on Nova Scotia coal all the coal trade of
the New England States and of New York will
be beyond the reach of the coal regions of
Maryland, Virginia, and Pennsylvania. They
will see at once that when they consider, too,
the cheapness of labor in the Provinces, it will
make most certain our exclusion from the coal
markets of the States I have named, and we
will be confined to the localities of Baltimore
and Washington eity and Philadelphia.
I call the attention of the House to the fact
mentioned heretofore, that $18,000,000 have
been spent in making a canal to the Alleghany
coal regions of Maryland, and that $12,000,000
have been expended in making a railroad to
those regions, and I may interpolate this remark
into my argument: drive this coal trade from
the Baltimore and Ohio lailroad, deprive that
road of the income derived from that source,
and the entire line of road through to the Ohio
river is placed in jeopardy. If the road is to
lose or have very seriously diminished this coal
freight, the whole cost of working the road
must fall upon the freight to and from the
western States, or the road must be abandoned.
As it is now. and has been during one season
of the year, the locomotive power of the road
can be used for transporting coal; during the
other portion of the year it can be used for
other transportation.
And why is this attack made on this inter-
est? Merely to put money in the pockets of a
few wealthy individuals in New England and
New York. Strip it of all its verbiage, and that
is just what it amounts to. This Baltimore and
Ohio railroad has cost Maryland and the enter-
prising capitalists of Baltimore $30,000,000,
and for the last thirty years it has not yielded
on the average more than two and fifty-three
hundredths per cent, per annum. Now, strike
down the coal trade on this road, now amount-
ing to about five hundred thousand tons annu-
ally, and soon to yield three times that amount,
and do not gentlemen perceive that they neces-
sarily put in jeopardy the entire interests of the
great valley of the Mississippi, at least so far
as they are connected with this great through
line, which at least has had the elfect of keep-
ing freights down to something like a moderate
figure, by competing with the Pennsylvania Cen-
tral railroad, and with the New York railroads?
But apart from this consideration, there are
fifty thousand human beings in Pennsylva-
nia and Maryland, and Virginia alone who are
dependent upon this coal trade. Let any gen-
tleman, if he pleases, take memoranda from
persons about this Hall for the purpose of con-
tradicting my statements; I speak from author-
ity, and no man who is truthful can contradict
what I have to say. I say there are fifty thou-
sand human beings who are dependent upon
this coal interest.
In addition to the capital invested in this
Maryland coal trade of which T have spoken,
a railroad has been built some twenty or thirty
miles in extent, in the form of a semicircle,
diverging at Cumberland, and coming into the
Baltimore and Ohio railroad again at Pied-
mont. There have been embarked in these
coalmines at least $30,000,000 of capital, much
of which has been sunk, and none of it has
yielded liberal returns, because of the difficul-
ties with which these capitalists have had to
contend. But give to this bituminous coal inter-
est a reasonable protection, and its friends have
no fears of the future. We know that this coal
interest is one of the most growing interests that
the hand of industry ever brought to light. We
know that a few years ago the anthracite coal
mines of Pennsylvania produced some five,
ten, or fifteen thousand tons annually, while
now they send to maiket some eleven million
tons a year. There is nothing (o prevent a
similar magical effect upon these bituminous
coal regions, unless Congress shall violently
interpose, and shall give us neither the inci-
dental protection of a revenue tariff, which is
all I ask for, nor the protection, direct and
positive, such as is given to the iron and man-
ufacturing interests of the whole country.
But, sir, this question concerns not alone
the individual operator engaged in these coal
mines of Maryland. The faith and the credit
of the whole State are embarked in these enter-
prises. Maryland has invested in them very
largely. If you shake the credit of the State
by reducing her income as a stockholder in the
Baltimore and Ohio railroad, either imme-
diately or prospectively, the State could not,
in the market to-morrow, coming in competi- •
tion with the other States of the Union, and
especially with the General Government, raise
the means to meet her obligations to liei sol-
diers in the late war.
Mr. Chairman, is it right for the Congress
of thS United States to strike this violent and
fatal blow at this great interest of the State of
Maryland, the largest interest in that State?
The coal mines of the Alleghany region are
worth more than the whole superficies of the
State. Is it right to take such a step at this
particular time? Maryland has emancipated all
her slaves. She has done it voluntarily, with-
out dictation from any quarter. She has in this
way deprived herself of seventy-four millions
of property that had been resorted to as a sub-
ject of taxation. Under the new assessment
law recently ordered by our Legislature, these
$7-1.000.000 are to be stricken out, of the as-
sessment, which to a small State is a large
item.
In addition to this, sir, consider the fact that
the western part of Maryland has been laid
waste by the armies. A short time ago—for
under the plastic hand of industry that region
of country is reviving and being rebuilt—a short
time sinec you might have taken, as I did. a
position ou some elevated spot of that highly
cultivated country, and looking eastward anil
westward, northward and southward, have seen
not a living animal within a range of five miles
