1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S6S-
tuteS and keeps her one of the United States, or
she is no stale at all. New York is not an ab-
solute sovereignty. Her people arc invested
with only a part of the powers and attributes
of soveieignty as people of New York. They
hold the rest as people of the United States.
The people of the United States together,
in their two-fokl relation to the State and the
Union, constitute an absolute sovereignty, a
complete State, like England. Such a State,
although rude and only half-fledged, was each
of the original thirteen before the adoption of
the national Constitution. Sueli a State not
one of them has been since the adoption of
that Constitution. Such a State not one of
those admitted since its-adoption has ever been
for a single moment. Its framers have given
lis everywhere, on the same ground, two coex-
istent governments, each perfect within its own
sphere, and yet neither complete in itself nor
independent of the other. Neither the States
nor the national Government separate from
each other are States or anything else known
to the Constitution. They are complements of
each other. The existence of each is essential
to the existence of the other. The States,
moving in their orbits round the central sun,
the Constitution, form the great national system
known as the American Union. If the central
power of the Constitution is essential to the
existence of the nation, so also is it essential
to the existence of the States. When it shall
be cut off from any one of the States, whatever
else that State may become, whether a mere
Territory or an independent sovereignty, it will
no longer be a State of this Union. Although
the people and the soil will remain, the body-
politic known to the Constitution as an Ameri-
can State will have perished. In no State of
the Union can the machinery of State govern-
ment operate or exist for a moment if the vital
force of the Federal Constitution is withdrawn,
because there can be no State Constitution
whereof the national Constitution is not the
corner-stone, there canbe no State officer whose
official character is not based upon an oath to
the national Constitution; when that founda-
tion is destroyed, whatever else he may be, he
is not an officer of an American State. Nor
is a government administered by such officers
a government of a State of the Union, what-
ever other thing unknown to the Constitution
it may be.
Now, if from a State like England or Franco
in our premises, we leap to a State like New
York or Alabama in our conclusions, our rea-
soning may of course be fallacious. If we argue
that all States, meaning such States as England,
are immortal, and therefore a particular Stale,
meaning such a limited State as Alabama, is
immortal, the fallacy will be transparent and
puerile. If we affirm that "a State cannot
die,'' ''a dead State is a solecism, an impossi-
bility,'' referring to an absolute sovereignty
like England, and therefore Alabama has never
during the rebellion ceased to be a State of this
Union, our error will be without excuse. All
reasoning from a sovereign State, like England,
to a limited State, like Alabama, will be utterly
fallacious, because the analogy is utterly want-
Butitis not. true, sir, that even such sovereign
States as England are immortal. They may per-
ish through subjugation or by the voluntary sur-
render of their sovereignty without any such
extraordinary visitation as the depopulation or
submersion of their soil. It has been a common
occurrence in human history. Jthashappeued
to Ireland, Poland, and scores of other nations
by subjugation. Absolute sovereignly was lost
to Texas and to the old thirteen States by vol-
untary surrender. The soil of Scotland is still
' above the sea. Her people are there. She is
not without government. Even her old name
' remains. But the sovereign State of Scotland
3 has disappeared from the face ot the earth. It
is dead.
5 The-o propositions respecting the immortal-
' ity of States are not true, [hen. even when ap-
: plied to such complete sovereignties as England,
{ Scotland, Poland, or the aggregate American
Republic. They are still more erroneous when
applied to these limited sovereignties, the States
of the American Union.
Tf the people of Pennsylvania were invested
with the highest capacity of sovereignty as peo-
ple of Pennsylvania, in whicil case Pemisjl-
vania would be like France, absolutely sovereign
and independent, then would it indeed be true
that whatever changes might befall her, short
of actual loss of sovereignty by surrender or
subjugation, she would, whether as a despotism,
a constitutional monarchy, or a republic, always
remain the sovereign State of Pennsylvania.
But the people of Pennsylvania are not invested
with the highest capacity of sovereignty.' as peo-
ple of Pennsylvania, but as people at once of
Pennsylvania and of the United State*; and
when the constitutional relation between the
State and the Union is broken up. although the
people and soil and name may remain, yet the
thing known to the Constitution as the State of
Pennsylvania dies as surely as the branch dies
if severed from the tree.
I will indicate, sir, a few of the forms in
which death, welcome or unwelcome, may over-
take one of the States of the American Union.
If those who assert that, "Alabama, once a
State must always be a State,'' that ''the
State of Alabama can ne\ei die,'' only mean
that her soil will, unless depopulated or sub-
merged, always remain with her people upon
it, under one name and form of government or
another, the proposition is worth neither as-
serting nor answering. It amounts to nothing
more than that physical geography will remain
as it is unless changed. If, however, the prop-
osition means that the State of the American
Union known to the Constitution as the State
of Alabama must always remain such, it is not
true.
In the first place, the national Constitution
itself provides for the most quiet and orderly
death and burial of such an ''immortal'' State.
The framers ol' that instrument have deliber-
ately and precisely indicated the proceedings
by which Alabama might have ceased to be a
State of the Union, have actually prescribed
her funeral ceremonies. And these proceed-
ings and ceremonies are so utterly devoid of
pomp and circumstance that six votes may be
decisive of her fate, of which six votes only tw o
need be cast by her own citizens.
The third section of the i'ouith article of the
Constitution stands in these words:
" New States may be admitted by the OonCTe«, into
this Union: but no new State slnill bo ioimed or
erected within the jurisdietion of nnv other State, nor
any State he fai-metl by the junction of two or moie
States, or p:irts of S^tate^, without the eon-ent of the
Legislature.-- of the States concerned, as well as of the
Congress."
If, therefore, theLegi Matures of Alabama and
Mississippi had, by"a, majority of one vote in
each branch, enacted the political death of these 1
two States, and the organization of a new State ,
with a new name by a junction of the two, and if
Congress had a few days later, by a majority of
one in each branch, ratiiied this arrangement, j
then would the last have been heard of the " im- ;
mortal'' State of Alabama. The map would no j
longer show even her name. Into such a nar-
row. unhonored grave collapses the huge bal- 1
loon of State immortality. Against the erec- ,
tion 'of a new State by the junction of Alabama
and Mississippi would peihaps be urged the
grave constitutional objection that such a sub- j
traction of oiie from the number of the States, i
without a corresponding diminution of the num-
ber of stais on our flag, would make "that flag j
a flaunting lie." But then an appeal to the |
paint pot would obviate this objection. i
Again, Rhode Island, for example, may in
the distant future be driven by the exigencies |
of history from commerce and manulaetures
back to agriculture. Depopulated by emigra- ;
tion and miserably poor, she may grow weary [
of the harden of her State government and
come to regard it as a eurse rather than a bless-
ing. If ithode Island shall then abrogate her i
State constitution, rescind her ratification of the
national Constitution, vacate every State ottiee,
repeal every law, recall from Congress her Sen-
ators and Representatives, solemnly renounce*
forever all her rights as a member of the Union,
and ask the Federal Government and her sister-
State of Massachusetts to permit her to become
again, what she had been for- thirty years pre-1
ceding K5G2, a part of the State of Massachu-
setts—what, srr, becomes of the State of Rhode-
Island? She is politically dead. The people
remain, the land remains, both subject to the
Federal Constitution ; but that organization of
political society, under the Constitution,within-'
her borders, which constituted and kept her a
State of the Union 110 longer exists. Thatlim-
ited sovereignty which she formerly cherished
as a blessing she has now thrown away as a curse.
If. in compliance with her request, she is an-'
nexed to Massachusetts, her last vestige of sep-
arate sovereignty is. irretrievably lost. It will
lie idle for her afterward, in the day of return-
ing jjrosperity, to insist upon resuming, at her
pleasure, her functions as a.State, on the pre-
posterous plea that once a State she always was
and still is a State, and has lost none of her
State rights under the Constitution.
If she is not annexed to Massachusetts she
becomes at once a part of the unorganized ter-
ritory of the United States. A territorial gov-
ernment is then to be speedily pro\ided. And
it', becoming rich and strong once more, she'
desires to resume her State sovereignty, she'
has no other door of entrance into the Federal
Union than that provided in the Constitution
for the admission of new States.
If in all this Rhode Island should make no
attempt to join a hostile Power, should perform
no hostile act, should manifest no purpose to
barm the Republic, nevertheless she could not,'
after her voluntary abrogation of all her rights
and functions as a State, insist upon her con-
stitutional right to resume those functions at
her pleasure without the acquiescence of the
Federal Government, or the other States. The
question of her political death she assumed
to decide for herself, a.-, she had a right to do;
but upon the question of her resurrection it
Mould be for Congress to speak.
Now, suppose that she hud rescinded herrati-
lication of the Federal Constitution, renounced
her allegiance to it and her rights under it, and
recalled from Congress her Senators and Rep-
resentatives, without abrogating her State con-
stitution or vacating her State offices; then
would her condition be, if possible, mo're fatal
than in the case first supposed to all claim to
the rights of one of the sovereign States of the
Union. Having with her own hand severed
the constitutional bond which sustained the
State relation and existence, the affected re-
tention of a State government would have been
in itself a menace, a preposterous claim of in-
dependent sovereignty within the geographical
limits of the Union, in open defiance of the
Constitution, and at the expense of the national
existence, which claim self-preservation and the
maintenance of the Constitution would compel
the national Government to crush.
South Carolina repealed the ordinance by
which she had ratified the Federal Constitution,
renounced all interest in and allegiance to the
Union, called home her Senators and Repre-
sentatives, and yet affected to retain licr State
government. Certainly this, if persisted in for
fourycais, would not only have remitted her
to a territorial condition, under the Constitu-
tion. and rendered the assent of the Federal
Government necessary to her resumption of the
functions of a State, but. would have compelled
the national Government to crush her mena-
cing, dangerous pretense of independent sov-
ereignty within the teriitorial limits ol' the
Republic. In the absence of traitorous or crim-
inal intent, and of lasting peril to the Union,
the country would naturally have been most
lenient as to the conditions of her reconstruc-
tion. would have welcomed her back as the
joyful father welcomed the returning prodigal.
But South Carolina, like the other rebel
States, went furiher than th.'l. !-,lie took an-
other step wnieh gave a worse complexion to
her case. i;undertook to transfer'her alle-
giance to a hostile government which could
