1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
147
39tii CoivG....1st Sess.
Apportionment of Representation—Mr. Saulsbury.
Senate.
Federal Government, and that all other powers
except those expressly delegated were reserved
to the States or the people; and that accord-
ingto Mr. Hamilton those powers thus reserved
were of the same character and as sovereign in
their nature as were the powers delegated to
the Federal Government. I shall content my-
self with reading a very few brief extracts. In
the thirty-first number of the Federalist Mr.
Hamilton observes:
"The State governments by their original consti-
tutions are invested with complete sovereignty."
In the thirty-second number he remarks:
"An entire consolidation of the States into one
complete national sovereignty would imply an entire
subordination of the parts, and whatever powers
might remain in them would be altogetherdependent
on the general will. But as the plan of the Conven-
tion aimed only at a -partial union or consolidation,
the State governments would clearly retain all the
rights of sovereignty which they beforehad, and which
were not by that bet exclusively delegated to theUni-
ted States. This exclusive delegation, or rather this
alienation, of State sovereignty would only exist in
three cases: where the Constitution in express terms
granted an exclusive authority to the Union; where
it granted in one instance an authority to the Union
and in another prohibited the States from exercising
the like authority; andwhereitgrantedanauthority
to the Union to which a similar authority in the States
would be absolutely and totally contradictory and
repugnant."
In farther explanation of the true character
of our Federal system of government, in a de-
parture from the spirit and genius of which
the proposition under consideration has its
origin, I refer to the views of Mr. Madison, as
expressed in the Federalist. He says:
" The powers delegated by the proposed Constitu-
tion to the Federal Government are few and defined.
Those which are to remain in the State governments
are numerous and indefinite. The former wil] be ex-
orcised principally on external objects, as war, peace,
negotiation, and foreign commerce, with which last
the power of taxation will for the most part be con-
nected. The powers reserved to theseveral States will
extend to all the objects which in the ordinary course
of affairs concern the lives, liberties, and properties
of the people, and the internal order, improvement,
and prosperity of the State."
This kind of a government having been
framed, republican in character, Federal and
not national in form and substance; and this
new Government having started out to take a
new position among the nations of the earth,
and having prospered and grown beyond the
most sanguine expectations of its friends, I
come now to trace the causes which led to the
unfortunate situation in which we find our-
selves, and which situation is made the pretext
of the unjust and unconstitutional legislation
proposed.
Mr. President, numbering originally three
million people and thirteen States, regarding
with great strictness and care the fundamental
principles of constitutional liberty as they were
found in that written Constitution, in a few
short years we became the wonder of the world.
No people were so happy ; for the records of
human society do not show such a rapid growth,
expansion, and development of any people in
so short a time. And to what was it owing?
To the free principles of government which our
fathers secured for themselves and for their
posterity, and a cheerful acquiescence by the
great mass of the American people while those
fathers lived in those constitutional principles
of liberty applicable to the citizen, and those
constitutional rights secured to the States as
separate and distinct political communities. If
to-day I shall appear to travel for a few mo-
ments out of what may seem to be the record
of this case to notice the causes which have
been instrumental in bringing this once happy
country into its present lamentable condition,
I shall not in fact be traveling out of the record.
Sir, I am tired of sitting in this Chamber and
hearing, when a political difference grows up
between the Executive of the United States
and a portion of his party, those with whom I
have acted from early life in political matters
called ''copperheads," "disunionists," and
"traitors." Sir, parrots can repeat words, the
meaning of which they have not understand-
ing enough to comprehend. When such words
are applied in debate it is high time for those
whose political opinions and associations are
thus unwarrantably and unjustifiably assailed
to turn around and ask who is the traitor and
who is the disunionist. I do not propose to
apply the term to the masses of any political
party. I believe, on the contrary, that there
are hundreds and thousands of good and pa-
triotic people in all political parties. Could
the great piass of that political party who re-
fused every offer of compromise and rejected
every possible mode of adjusting sectional dif-
ferences have foreseen in 1860 what they have
since witnessed, I do not believe that there are
very many of that party, even, who would have
hazarded and imperiled all that was dear to
the American heart, and brought their country
to the verge of disruption; ay, sir, to positive,
actual disruption. Some of us did think,
even then, sir, that we foresaw the conse-
quences which have resulted from that course.
We thought that if the storm could be allayed,
if the mad passions of the hour could be
calmed, it was a patriotic duty which we owed
to ourselves, to our country, and to the world
to advise peace, reconciliation, and harmony.
But, sir, that was not the spirit that then gov-
erned the councils of the country. The inter-
ests of party were held to be superior to those
of the country. There were, however, traitors
then prating of patriotism and accusing others
of disloyalty as there are disunionists and de-
structives now who boast of their devotion to
the Union and attempt to impeach the patriotic
fidelity of others by the use of vulgar epithets.
I do not intend, for one, without uttering my
protest, to allow gentlemen who for years and
years were engaged in a course of political
action in itself contrary to the teachings of the
fathers and to the just rights of the people,
when war rages in the land, or after the war
has ceased, to assume for themselves all the
patriotism and denounce all those who oppose
their measures as beiug less patriotic than
themselves.
Sir, one of the embarrassing questions with
which the fathers had to deal in the formation
of the Constitution was the subject of domestic
slavery. I do not know that there was much
sentimental opposition to slavery in those days.
I do not know that it was then talked of gen-
erally as being so contrary to the Word of God
and the rights of man as it is now. It was not
so apparent then that it might become neces-
sary for one section of the country to increase
its own representation and to decrease the rep-
resentation of another section by excluding this
class from representation, or by a proffered
bribe of superior friendship make them polit-
ical allies, for it could not then have been fore-
seen that all the States, except the few south-
ern States where slavery recently exist ed, would
be so soon rid of that institution. At the time
of the Declaration of Independence every col-
ony was a slaveholding colony, and even at the
time of the adoption of the Constitution of the
United States every State except one was a
slaveholding State, and their delegates met as
the representatives of political communities
recognizing the relation of master and slave.
Hence, being there as the representatives^ of
States making this recognition, tliey did not find
it £0 necessary to get rid ot representation ac-
cording to population, or to exclude from rep-
resentation all classes and colors who were not
allowed to vote.
The Constitution had not long been in exist-
ence, however, before there did arise in this
country a few pestilent fellows who commenced
presenting their petitions to Congress for the
abolition of slavery in the States. In 1819 and
1820, by the gradual abolition of the institution
of slavery in the northern States—some were so
unkind as to sav that their slaves were sold
down South: I do not know anything about
that—sectional power had become so nearly
and equally balanced that when Missouri ap-
plied for admission into the Union what did we
hear? We heard the text from the mouth of
Rufus King, of New York, which lias been
attributed, I believe, to Mr. Seward. Mr. King
in-that controversy declared that no laws and
no constitutions could bind the conscience of
the people, and that ho would not recognize
any such constitutional obligations as those im-
posed by the Constitution in reference to the
rendition of fugitive slaves.
That difficulty, by the wisdom of the distin-
guished statesman from Kentucky and those
who acted with him, was happily adjusted.
But, sir, abolitionism was not content. It was
comparatively quiet for a few years ; but be-
tween 1838 and 1838 it convulsed the whole
land by the presentation of petitions to Con-
gress to do an unconstitutional act; and when
Texas, by the constitutional act of Congress
and the Executive of the United States, was
admitted into the Union, abolitionism howled
and threatened to do just what the southern
people have vainly attempted to do. White I
am on this matter, though I do not propose to
attack any State or the people of any State,
but as it is relevant to the question, I propose
to read something that was said in another
section of the country. I do not wish to make
a sectional speech, but I do it for the purpose
of showing that if the action of the southern
people has been wrong, there are other people
in this country who have been criminal also,
and therefore when you meet in legislative
halls, it should not be to legislate in the spirit
of vengeance, but you should take into consid-
eration the circumstances in which those peo-
ple were placed, and the doctrines which they
were taught to believe and the doctrines which
you yourselves taught them to believe. Now,
sir, when that subject of the annexation of
Texas was being agitated, what do we find ?
We find Massachusetts resolving, as follows :
"Revolved, That the power to unite an independent
foreign State with the United States is not among the
powcr3 delegated to the Gcrferal Government by the
Constitution of the United States.
"Resolved. That the Commonwealth of Massachu-
setts. faithful to the compact between the people of
the United States, according to tho plain meaning
and intentin which it was understood and acceded to
by them, is sincerely anxious for its preservation, but
that it is determined, as it doubts not the other States
are, not to submit to undelegated powers in anybody of
men on earth. That th e proj ect of the annexation of
Texas, unless arrested on the threshold, may tend to
drive these States into a dissolution of the Union, and
will furnish now calumnies against republican Gov-
ernments liy exposing the gross contradiction oi a
people piofeseinsto be free, and yet seeking to extend
and perpetuate the subjection of their slaves."
I do not quote this in any unkind spirit to-
ward the people of Massachusetts or any other
State, for, sir, I was proud when Massachusetts,
South Carolina, and all the States were not only
in the Union, but represented upon this floor,
and if their statesmen uttered sentiments and
advanced opinions which did not meet the ap-
proval of my judgment, I was not one of those
to question their independent right to do so,
But I sav here that by her legislative resolve,
Massachusetts, in 1841, used, in effect, the very
same language which the Legislature of South
Carolina and the people of the other southern
States have used since. But, sir. that is not
all. She passed some more resolves in 1845,
the first of which I will road :
"Resolved, That Massachusetts has never delegated
the power to admit into the Union States or -L^rri-
tories without, or beyond the original territory ot tne
States and Territories belonging to the Union at the
adoption of the Constitution of the bmled btates;
and that in whatever manner the consent of Massa-
chusetts may have been given or inferred to the ad-
mission of the State* already by general consent
forming part of tho Union, from such tciTitory, the
admission of snich States, in the judgmental Mas-
saehusetts, forms no precedent for the admission of
Texas, andean never bo interpreted to rest onpowers
granted in the Constitution.
The cause that led the South finally to take
the fatal step of attempting to secede was the
agitation of this slavery question by tliat por-
tion of the people who were not at all interested
in it, and the desire of a few men in the South
to break up the Union : for I do not doubt there
were S119I1 men in the South just as there were
