148
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 6,
Senate.
Apportionment of Representation—Mr. Saulsbury.
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
in Massachusetts and other sections ofthe coun-
try. I have no doubt there were a few men in
both sections who wished to break up the Union
for the purpose of breaking it up; but the great
mass of either section did not want the Union
destroyed. While I am on this subject let me
refresh the minds of gentlemen on the other
side who choose to give me their attention, and
remind them that if the South attempted to
secede, you taught them the doctrine. You
had advocated it yourselves, and in its advo-
cacy you were just as criminal as they, and in
some respects, not only in its advocacy, but by
your practical actions, you were just as crim-
inal as they. You say that the southern States
had no right to secede. Admit it; I think so,
too. You say that they had no right to oppose
a constitutional act of Congress. So say I.
But, sir, you threatened secession yourselves,
and you proclaimed—when I say " you" I mean
your people in the northern States—that seces-
sion was a constitutional right. The first writer
upon the Constitution of the United States,
whose work was generally recognized, and
which was, until a very late period, if it is not
now, the text-book at your Military Academy
at West Point, as I am informed, distinctly and
plainly announced the right of a State to se-
cede. You jjlaced that book in the hands of
the students in your Military Academy, and
some of the ablest men in the land proclaimed
that the doctrine was true. It was a doctrine
the rightfulness of which had never been de-
cided by any authority having the power to
execute its decrees.
Before citing Mr. Rawle on this point I will
state that the people of the northern States
had in fact done the same thing that the people
of the southern States have done, except that
they did not meet in convention and attempt to
repeal the act by which fhey ratified the Con-
stitution of the United States. But, sir, can
you not oppose the law and the Constitution
without repealing your ratification of the Con-
stitution ? If the people of the southern States
used force in asserting their, right to oppose
Federal authority, and you have done the same,
what is the difference? During the existence
of the fugitive slave law, a law enacted by the
law-making power of the land, recognized by
the judicial tribunals of the States and of the
United States to be constitutional and binding,
did you not oppose it? What, allow such an
act as that to be executed within the limits of
the northern States! It was sometimes exe-
cuted and it was sometimes opposed, and op-
posed by force, and blood sometimes ran down
your streets in the attempt to execute that law.
In this aspect of the case the difference between
portions of the northern people and a portion
of the southern people was not a difference in
principle; it was only a difference to the extent
of the exercise of the power of resistance: the
principle was the same in both cases, and it
was asfullytreasonablein Massachusetts, Ohio,
or Wisconsin to oppose by force the execution
of that law as it was in South Carolina to fire
on Fort Sumter.
We know there were men in all sections of
the country who honestly believed in the right
of a State to secede. You did not, sir; nor do
I; but I will show you who did. Mr. Rawle,
in his day the great lawyer of Pennsylvania'
and who was offered by Mr. Jefferson more
than once the office of Attorney General of the
United States and declined it, in his work upon
the Constitution, says this:
" The Union is an association of the people of re-
publics; its preservation is calculated to depend on
the preservation of those republics. The people of
each pledge themselves to preserve that form of gov-
ernment in all. Thus each becomes responsible to
the rest, that no other form of government shall pre-
vail in it; and all are bound to preserve it in every
one. But the mere compact, without the power to
enforce it. would be of little value. Now, this power
?.an,pe "owhere so properly lodged as in the Union
It ./■ Hence the term guarantee indicates that the
United States are authorized to oppose, and, if possi-
ble. Prevent every State in the Union from relin-
quishing the republican form of government, and, as
auxiliary means, they are expressly authorized and
required to employ their force on the application of
the constituted authorities of each State'to repress
domestic violence.' If a faction should attempt to
subvert the government of a State forthepurpose of
destroying its republican form, the paternal power of
the Union could thus be callcd forth to subdue it. Yet
it is not to be understood that its interposition would
be justifiable if the people of a State should deter-
mine to retire from the Union, whether they adopted
another or retained the same form of government, or
if they should, with the express intention of seced-
ing, expunge the representative system from their
code, and thereby incapacitate themselves from con-
curring, according to the mode now prescribed, in the
choice of certain public officers of the United States.
"The principle of representation, although cer-
tainly the wisest and best, is not essential to the being
of a republic; but to continue a member of the Union
it must be preserved, and therefore the guarantee
must be so construed. It depends on the Statoitself
to retain or abolish the principle of representation,
because it depends on itself whether it will continue
a member of the Union. To deny this right would be
inconsistent with the principl e on which all our polit-
ical systems are founded, which is, that the people
have in all cases a right to determine how they will
be governed."
I refer to this, not because I hold to the doc-
trine of secession, or ever did, or ever uttered
such a sentiment, but to show that in his day
the ablest writer upon constitutional law in this
country, and whose work you placed in your
Military Academy, held distinctly and unequiv-
ocally to the right of a State to secede. I cite
it not to say that it is true, but to make an appeal
to this Senate, to you, sir, and to the country,
that if men have been taught by the ablest
writers upon constitutional law to believe it, if it
was a common belief among the people in one
section, and if it was adopted and avowed by
whole States in the other section of the coun-
try, and they unhappily, having erringly essayed
the ways of secession, now find themselves un-
successful and helpless, but honest in their con-
viction of right, it is no cause for vengeance at
your hands; and because they have acted upon
their honest belief of right, you have not a right
to come into the Congress of the United States
and deny them equal representation according
to the Constitution, and to impose upon them
unjust and unequal taxation. Happy, sir,would
they be to be here, through tbeirrepresentatives,
in peace, acting in harmony with you. In the
spirit of vengeance and for the purpose of re-
taining political power in your hands against
the will of the people, you unconstitutionally
bar these doors against those representatives
and impose upon them unjust burdens, and
deprive them of clear constitutional rights.
Sir, your leading men, as well as those of
their section, taught them that this doctrine
was a true doctrine. You taught it to them
in the council chambers of the nation. We
hear a great deal of censure with reference to
the southern gentlemen who avowed this doc-
trine upon this floor and the floor of the other
House; but, sir, in some portions of the other
section of the country they have idolized men
who have preached the same doctrine, as I will
proceed to show. When the question of the
admission of Louisiana into the Union was be-
fore the House of Representatives in 1811, Mr.
Josiah Quincy. an able Representative from
Massachusetts, in opposing it, said:
"To me, it appears that it would justify a revolu-
tion m this country, and that in no great length of
time may produce it."
"Under the sanction of this rule of conduct, I am
compelled to declare it as my deliberate opinion that,
if this bill passes, the bonds of this Union are viatu- I
ally dissolved; tnat the States which compose it are I
tree irom their moral obligations, and that, as it will '
be the rierht of all, so it will be the duty of some to
prepare definitely for a separation—amicably if thev
can, violently if they must/'
What did the southern gentlemen when they
were in this Hall say more than that? And
yet Mr. Quincy was never visited hj liis section
of the country with any dire punishment or any
mark of disapprobation for uttering this doc-
trine. Halving shown that the course pursued
by the citizens of the southern States was a
course having the approval of their leading
men, and that the same doctrine had the ap-
proval of leading men in other sections of the
country, I have accomplished my_purpose, it
being simply to ask you, if that lie true, whether
they are in such a condition as to merit a fur-
ther visitation of punishment even if you had
the power to inflict it after what they have
already suffered V
While referring to the work of Mr. Rawle, I
wish to notice for a moment one ground upon
which authority is claimed for this kind of legis-
lation. It is said that Congress by the Con-
stitution is bound to guaranty to every State a
republican form of government. Mr. Rawle
says that when a State resolves to go out of the
Union, that clause does not apply. Let us see
whether it does or not. It is claimed that you
have authority to pass this joint resolution be-
cause the southern States withhold the right of
voting from the negro population, and that Con-
gress have a right to withhold representation in
Congress from a State, or the adhering States,
upon the basis provided for in the Constitution
until the right of suffrage shall by authority of
such State be extended to all the inhabitants of
such State without distinction of race or color,
and that this right in Congress is founded in or
based upon its authority and duty under the Con-
stitution of guarantying to each State a repub-
licanform of government; nogo vera merit being,
accordingto the opinion of the advocates of this
theory, republican in form under which uni-
versal suffrage is denied. Indeed, so wild and
extravagant has opinion become in radical cir-
cles in reference to this question, that it is gravely
contended by some that Congress can by simple
legislative enactment declare that all persons
without any sort-of distinction shall be entitled
to the full and free enjoyment of the elective
franchise within a State.
The words of the Constitution are, "The
United States shall guaranty to every State
in the Union a republican form of govern-
ment." What is the true meaning of this pro-
vision of the Constitution? By it a legal rela-
tion is created, and by it a contract is formed.
There are parties to that relation or contract ;
those parties are the United States as guaran-
tor and the State as guarantee. This relation
necessarily crcates an obligation in reference
to the United States, and imposes a duty upon
them. It also gives the right to a State to
demand, whenever the necessity shall cxi?t, the
discharge of that obligation and the perform-
ance of that duty. But who is to determine w hen
this duty is to be performed? Is the guaran-
tor to make haste to redeem his pledge when
the guarantee is perfectly satisfied ? Is he to
pay before demand, before notice, and when
his kind offices are respectfully declined? If
a portion of the people of a State in the Union
shall attempt, or if any extraneous power shall
attempt, to subvert the republican form of gov-
ernment in such State, the United States shall
upon application of the legal authorities of
such State, see to it that its republican form of
government shall be maintained.
But suppose the entire people of a State,
speaking through their State organization, their
regularly constituted authorities, say, " We do
not want a republican form of government."
Suppose your State (Connecticut. I New York,
or any other State says so, what are the United
States to do ? 1 ou answer, send an army there
and make them have it. \\ e are bound to force
republicanism upon a people whether they
desire or disdain it. If they do not want it. we
will whip it into them. I>o you not see that
this is destructive of the very essence of repub-
licanism, which consists of freedom of choice?
Sir, I always thought that the existence of the
guarantee asking the performance of duty and
the discharge of obligation was as necessary in
law as the existence of the guarantor. Sir, this
clause of the Constitution was never meant to
be applied to a case like that we arc now
considering. It was meant to protect a Stata
against the violence of faction, against Iho
attempt of a portion of the people of a State
combining together or acting in conjunction
with others not of the State to subvert its repub-
