2588
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
Senator from Wisconsin that the.t does not
answer my question. He does not answer the
statement that [ made.
Mr. HOWE. Then I did not understand
the question.
Mr. CLARK. Then you should not have
attempted to answer it.
Mr. HOWE. I thought I did understand it.
Mr. CLARK. I suggested that I had no
■objection to the General Government aiding
the States, and the Senator from Michigan said
that that could not be done, and I asked him
why.
Mr. HOWE. I did not understand the
question.
Mr. CLARK. I though you did not.
Mr. HOWE. I plead guilty. I do not know
that I was to blame for it altogether.
Mr. CHANDLER. I understood the Sen-
ator t"o say that where the States had no sys-
tem, he did not object to the national Govern-
ment enforcing a system.
Mr. HOWE. That is precisely the way I
understood him.
Mr. CHANDLER. That is what I under-
stood and what my colleague says he did say;
and that is what I answered.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator will bear in
mind and remember exactly what I was say-
ing and the line of remark 1 was making, that
I had no objection—the Senator from Wiscon-
sin will remember it, because it was an allu-
sion to a remark that he had made about the
national Government dancing attendance on
•the State governments—that I had no objec-
tion to the national Government aiding the
State governments. The Senator from Mich-
igan says it cannot be done.
Mr. CHANDLER. I said it could not be
done where no system was adopted by the
local authorities.
Mr. CLARK. Let us see, Mr. President,
whether it cannot be done. These gentlemen
contend that the national Government have
plenary power. That is the basis on which
their proposition goes. Now, take it for
granted that there is no quarantine in the
State of New Jersey, and the Government
have plenary power to establish it, why cannot
the Secretary of the Treasury do it under this
resolution by his revenue-cutters and revenue
agents ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Because the resolution '
does not give him the authority to do so.
Mr. HOWARD. Tliey are to be used in
■ aid of the State quarantine.
Mr. CLARK. To be used in aid of the
States, not of a particular State. Where the
States have failed to do it, then the General
Government may do it.
Mr. HOWARD. Take a case where there
is an utter absence of all such regulations on
the part of the State, where the State has em-
ployed no force and no agency whatever in the
shape of quarantine regulations; what power
does this resolution give to the United States
authorities to interfere in that particular State
in any way on the subject, of quarantine?
Mr. CLARK. If the Senator from Michigan
Is disposed to construe the language so tech-
nically, it is the easiest thing in the world to
amend the resolution in that particular, and
say, where the State fails to do it then the
General Government may do it.
Mr. CHANDLER. Thatwasthccommittee's
proposition.
Mr. CLARK. I am entirely willing that the
resolution should be amended in that particu-
lar, it Senators desire it, if that is the carping
objection they malre to it.
Mr. CHANDLER,. That is the only differ-
ence between the two resolutions.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator from Michigan
says that that is the only difference-between the
two resolutions!
Mr. CHANDLER. The chief difference.
Mr. OLA RK. Pray, where did the Senator
learn the English language or its force ? The
bill as reported from the Committee on Com-
merce overruled State legislation entirely, if
the Secretaries chose to do so,,to make the sys-
tem efficient and uniform everywhere. It seems
to me that the measure as it now stands, with
the amendment, if Senators desire the amend-
ment to be added, would accomplish a great
deal; it is a very different thing from what was
reported from the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. MORRILL. I want to call the attention
of my friend from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] to
a single remark that he let fall. That Senator
is always critical; he means to be just, I have
no doubt, but when he says that this resolution
provides for the payment of all the expenses
incurred by the States in their systems of quar-
antine, touching this subject-matter, he is very
wide of the mark, I beg to say. The Govern-
ment by this measure does not propose to pay
the expenses of the States for anything they
may do for the protection of the public health
in the States. The Secretary of the Treasury
would not be authorized to pay the first shil-
ling of the expenses of the local authorities.
He is simply authorized to aid the States, and
as much money as is necessary to pay for what
the Government does is to be appropriated for
that purpose for the aid it renders, not what
the States do. We pay for the aid which we
authorize the General Government to .give;
we do not authorize the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay the expenses of the sanitary and
health regulations of the States by any means.
I suggest, therefore, to my honorable friend
that his criticism, while it is a little harsh, is
a little unjust.
■ Mr. HOWE. If I have done injustice to
this resolution, I feel condemned. The man
that would deliberately do injustice to such a
resolution as this, I think would be unjust to
cholera itself, for I do not know of anything
more obnoxious in itself than the resolution
except cholera, the naked and pure article.
Mr. President, I do not know but that I
ought to accept without qualification the criti-
cism of my friend from Maine. He says that
the resolution does not intend that the Govern-
ment shall pay for anything that the States do,
but only for what the Government does in aid
of the States. I guess it is a pretty correct
statement; but how far it circumscribes my
idea of the extent of the expenditure is a ques-
tion to be considered. Grant that the national
Treasury will only pay for what the nation does,
how will the work be divided ? The city of
New York and the city of Boston and each of
the other cities threatened with the introduc-
tion of cholera, will say " We want quarantine
regulations ; we want an officer here that shall
command a ship coming from an infected port,
into quarantine ; that is what we want." That
the State will do, and there will be no pay-
ment for saying that; but the Secretary of the
Treasury will say to the collector or the deputy
collector, or some health officer that he desig-
nates for that duty, "Take your stand there at
the gateways of that port, and order all these
vessels into quarantine as they approach;" and
for that the national Treasury pays; for this
service  *
Mr. GRIMES. The detention of the vessel?
Mr. HOWE. For beeping the officer there,
and whatever is necessary to put her into quar-
antine and detain her there. That is all the
expense there is under any system, and that
the national Treasury pays for; but for the
mere head-work, for the mere application, for
the simple decision of the port or city authori-
ties adjacent to the port where they want these
regulations established, there is no payment to
be made and no expense incurred.
Gentlemen have inveighed a great deal
against the danger growing out of the use of
this word "uniform." What is the danger?
What does it mean ? It means nothing in the
world more than that no matter to what port a
vessel is destined, if she has cholera on board,
she may be ordered into quarantine, or for the
purpose of examination she may be stopped
and searched. This is just as necessary in one
port asanother ; and doctors say, and I believe,
that it is of no sort of use in any port unless it
be observed in all ports. It does not follow that
1 era is -to bea multitude of new officers em-
ployed under this bill, or under the amendment
reported by the committee which you have
rejected. Very likely the collector or deputy
collector can exercise the power, afid there is
one everywhere where a vessel is authorized to
unload; and very likely this officer himself is
equal to the emergency. I do not know what
regulations this board of commissioners would
adopt; I do not know what regulations the
Secretary of the Treasurv would_ adopt. I only
say that I was not very much in favor of the
Government's taking this work upon its hands
at all; and therefore I was not very much in
favor of the adoption of the amendment re-
ported by the committee. I voted for it mainly
because! found so many here denying that the
Government had any authority in the matter.
I voted rather to assert the authority than
because I wanted to have it exercised; but I
am utterly opposed to our intervening at all
under the direction of the several municipali-
ties.
Mr. HENDERSON. If the Senator from
Wisconsin will turn to the law that was adopted
in 1799, and which has been referred to, I think
he will see that at least Congress at that time
supposed that it was altogether proper to pass
a law similar to the one we now have under
consideration, not for the purpose of making it
the duty of the officers of the United States to
carry out State laws and to bring about an ex-
pense upon the Treasury by so doing, but for
the purpose of making it obligatory upon the
Federal officers in the discharge of duties lender
the United States to obey those State laws. If
I understand this resolution, it means nothing
more and nothing less than that.
The Senator assumes that in all probability
at New York they may have quarantine regu-
lations, but that at the city of Brooklyn they
may have none. That is presuming that the
people of New York are willing that the chol-
era may enter into the State through Brooklyn,
but not through the city of New York. Is such
a presumption at all reasonable? We must rely
something upon the people of the respective
States.
The Senator complains that we leave it to
the different cities to adopt any sort of quaran-
tine regulations they choose, and we in this
resolution make it the duty of the Federal offi-
cers to carry it out, and thereby entail an ex-
pense upon the Government. Let me ask if it is
possible that any expense can come to the Gov-
ernment under this resolution. It authorizes
the Secretary of the Treasury to employ the
revenue officers in the execution of such orders
as he may make upon the subject. I did not
move to strike out that clause which appropri-
ates whatever sum may be necessary, though
1 can see no use in it; but I submit to the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin whether it is possible that
one dollar of expense can be entailed in the
execution of this resolution. I cannot conceive
that a dollar of expense can come upon the
United States in consequence of it.
Mr. HOWE. Then strike out that clause,
and close the Treasury.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have no objection;
I did not put it there. In the amendment
which I offered I made it obligatory upon the
Secretary of the Treasury, in carrying out these
regulations, to employ officers already upon
duty, and who are1 receiving their salaries. Is
it possible that it will be necessary to pay them
additional salaries ? I think not. The Sena-
tor is altogether mistaken when he supposes
that under this joint resolution any additional
expenditure can be made. I cannot conceive
of anything of the sort.
The Senator asks, why, then, is it necessary
to make it obligatory upon these officers to
observe the quarantine laws of the States? I
agree with him as to the supremacy of the law's
of Congress, so that if under an act of Con-
gress a ship is authorized when it comes to the
port of New York to discharge its freight im-
mediately it can do it independent of the quar-
antine laws of the State. What is the meaning
of this resolution ? It is to make the officers
of the Federal Government obey the State
