1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1629
"Under the very peculiar constitution of this Gov-
ernment, although the citizens owe supreme alle-
giance to the Federal Government, they also owe a
qualified allegiance to the State in which they arc
domiciled; their persons and property are subject to
its laws.
"licnce, in organizing this rebellion, they have
acted as States claiming to be sovereign ovei ail per-
sons and property withm their respective limits, and
asserting a right to absolve their citizens from their
allegiance to the Federal Government. Several of
these States have combined to torrn a new confeder-
acy, claiming to bo acknowledged by the world as a
sovereign State. Their right to do so is now being
decider! by wager of battle. The ports and territory
of each of these Status mo held in hostility tothc
General Government. It is no loose, unorganized
insurrection, having no defined boundary or posses-
sion. It has a boundary, marked bv lines ol bayo-
nets, and which can only be crossed by force. South
of this line is enemy'sterntory, because it is claimed
and held m possession by an organized, hostile, and
belligerent power.
"All persons residing within this territory, who^c
property may be used to increase the revenues oithe
hostile power, are in this contest liable to be treated
as enemies, though not foreigners# They hnvc ca-l
oft' their allegiance and made war on their Govern-
ment, and are none the less enemies because they
are tiaitors/'
Chief Justice Chase also, in Mrs. Alexan-
der's case, 2 Wallace, delivered the opinion
of the court as follows:
" We must be governed by the principle of public
law so olten announced from this bench as applica-
ble to civil and international wart, that all the people
of each State or distikt ill insuirection against the
United States must be regarded as enemies until by
the action of the Legislature and IOxeouti vo, or other-
wise, that relation is thoroughly and permanently
changed."
Who ahull say that if while war was flagrant
CongiebS had the right to raise armies, destroy
and confiscate propeitv, maintain a blockade,
and take such other measures for the defense
of the Union as seemed necessary, that its
powers arc exhausted for the further preserva-
tion and safety of the Union? Ilear again
Vattel on the obligation of a nation to defend
and preserve itself from 1 k threatening danger:"
"Since, then, a nation is obliged to preserve itself,
it has a light to everything necessary for its preser-
vation. For the law of nature gives us a right to
everything without which we could not fulfill our
obligations; otherwise it would oblige us to impos-
sibilities, or rather would contradict lt.-elf m pre-
scribing a duly and prohibiting at the same time the
only mean-* of fulfilling it."
"Bv an evident consequence from what has been
said, a nation ought carefully to avoid, as much as
possible, whatever may cau.-e it-* deduction, or thai,
of the Stat<\ which the same thing."
"A nation or State has a right to evervthing that
can secure it trom such a threatening" danger, and
to keep at a distance whatever i< capable of c.iu-ing
its ruin : and that from the verv same ie;i-<uis that
establish its rights to the things necessary to its pres-
ervation."
The power to dispose of these States carries
with it the power to restore in such manner as
Congress may determine.
But independent of our belligerent right to
adjust the social order of these States the Con-
stitution makes it the express duty of Congress
to " guarantee to every State a republican form
of government/' It way in this view, together
with the war power in his hands as Commander-
in-Chief, the President felt himself authorized
to inaugurate new governments in the rebel-
lious States, which were deprived of all civil
government.And we find that Secretary
Seward fully recognized that the whole power
of restoration rested with Congress to deter-
mine; and in this he doubtless had ihe full
approval and advice of the President. JTure
was a case of conflict of authority between Gov-
ernor Sharkey, provisional governor of Mis-
sissippi, where a writ of habeas corpus had
been issued at his instance, directed to Gen-
eral Sloeum, as commander of the forces at
Yicksbnrg. This writ General Slocum refused
to obey, and Governor Sharkey appealed to
Secretary Seward to order the writ obeyed.
To this Mr. Seward replied as follows :
[Telegram.]
"Washington, July 24,18G3.
W. L. Siivtiket,
Prov'^ioivl Governor of 3fi J«eJc*on:
Tour telegram of the 21-t ha- be; n received. The
President sees no reason to interfere with General
Sloeuiu's piocecdincs. The government of the State
will be provisional o)dy until the civil ^autbontics
shall be restored, with the appioval of Coien-e-s,
Meanwhile military authority cannot be withdrawn.
WILLIAM II. SEWARD.
Again: Governor Marvin, the provisional
governor of Florida, on entering upon the
duties of his office, issued a proclamation to
the people of LToiida, setting forth the course
of proceeding he proposed to pursue in reor-
ganizing a government, and closing with the
following statement, all of which proclamation
he submitted to the President for his approval:
"10. Upon the establishment of a republican form
of State government, under a constitution which
guaranties and secures liberty to all the inhabitants
alike, without distinction-of color, there will no
longer exist any impediment in the way ofrostoring
the State to its proper constitutional relations to the
Govcrnmentof the United States, whereby its'people
will be entitled to protection by the United States
asainst invasion, insurrection, and domostic vio-
lence."
To \yhich Mr. Seward replied as follows:
dnparttfnxt op State.
Washington*, $<>]itcmbcr 12,1865.
Str: Your Excellency's letter of the 20th ultimo,
with the aeeompa.n>ing proclamation, has been re-
cen ed and submitted to the President. The steps to 1
which it refers toward reorganizing the government
of Florida, seem to be in the mam judicious, and good
results trom them may be hoped tor. The presump-
tion to which the pioolamation refers, however, m
favor of insurgents who may wbh to vote, and who
may have applied for, but not received, their par-
dons, is not eutiiely approved, All applications, for
paidons will be duly considered, and will be disposed
of as soon as may be practicable. It must, however,
be distinctly understood that the restoration t® which
your proclamation refers will be t-ubjeet to the decis-
ion of Congress.
I have the honor to be, vour Excellency's obedient
servant, WILLIAM II. SEWARD.
His Excellency Williui Marvin, Ptochiunal Gov-
ernor of the State of I'y!o) idu, Tallahassee.
Those only oppose this doctrine who desire
to see red-handed rebels restored to the full
fruition of all the rights of citizenship and to
be placcd on entire equality with loyal men who
have saved the nation from destruction.
uThc United States shall guarantee to every
State a republican form of government/' says
the Constitution. What, then, is a republican
form of government? The distinguished Sen-
ator from Ma^achus'etts has brilliantly illus-
trated the true definition of the term in his
great speech in the Senate, which displayed the
profundity of his learning not less than the
resplendency of his intellect. But lie derives
Iih definition from the testimony of the f'ram-
ers of the Constitution, from the principles as-
serted by the fathers preceding the Revolution,
and from the utterances of legislative assem-
blies. While 1 do not question the exhaustive
completeness of his authority and the accuracy
of Ins delinUion. 1 think we may find it nearer
by—where he that runs may rend-—-in the Con-
stitution itself. The Constitution clearly de-
scribes that to be a republican form of govern-
ment for which it was expressly framed. A
government which shall establish justice, in-
sure domestic tranquillity, provide for the com-
mon defense, promote the general welfare, and
secure the blessings of liberty ;*? a government
whose ''citizens shall be entitled to all privi-
leges and immunities of other citizens where
'k no law shall be made prohibiting the free ex-
ercise of religion;'7 whore k'the right of the
people to keep and bear arms shall not bo in-
fringed:" where "the riulit of the people to
be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and
effects, against unreasonable searches and seiz-
ures, shall not be violated/'and where "no
person shall be deprived of life, liberty, or
properly without due process of law.n
Have these rebellious States such a form of
government? if they have not. it is the duty
of the United States to guaranty that they have
it speedily. In an intelligent discharge of this
duty this Congress lias proceeded to investigate
their condition before it can assume the grave
responsibility of declaring them provided with
such a form of government as the Constitution
exacts, and, moreover, imbued with such a
spirit to maintain it as shall entitle them to
admission into full and complete relation with
the Federal Union.
But all information received from these States
concurs m showing that the old chronic evil
festers foully as before. When first they found
themselves overcome in the battle-field they
were ready to submit with resignation to the
will of the conqueror. They knew the penalty
they had incurred foi' their crimes, and waited
to see it meted out to them in full measure.
To avert just punishment they would gladly
have conceded suffrage to the negro,, irrever-
sible guarantees for his protection, nncl the
maintenance of his rights, and accepted any
other conditions with most cordial acquies
cence which the Government had chosen to
impose. The country was led to believe, from,
the earnest and oft-repeated declaration of the
President, that "treason was a crime, and must
Be made odious f' that at least if the blood of
the offenders was not to be demanded as an
expiation, sjtch penalties, restrictions, and con-
ditions should be imposed as should make mem-
orable their guilt, and afford some sort of guar-
antee for the future safety of the nation. But
soon more lenient counsels prevailed, and we
behold the result. Therebels, who, a few months
ago, believed themselves forever beaten in their
attempts to destroy the Government, now stand
erect with unconquerable hate to renew the
struggle. All the vile passions which urged
them on to the foul atrocities which have made
their rebellion forever infamous in the annals
of warfare are again let loose. They persecute
loyal men; they butcher the negroes; they enact
laws which practically reenslave the freedmen,
and demand Lobe lecognized as entitled to share
in the Government they were lately sworn to
destroy. They have taken the oath to stand
by the Government, yet no man can be electcd
to an office who has not been consjneuous in
the rebellion. There is no regret fof their
crime; no assurance of amendment; but with
the ballot and seditious speech they are pre-
paring to combat again the ideas vital to the
safety of the Republic. Major General Thomas,
now in command of the military division of
Tennessee, testified before the committee of
fifteen:
" I have received communications from various per-
sons in the South that theiewus an understanding
among the rebels, and perhaps oiganizations foinied
or fonnmg, for the purpose of gaming as many ad-
vantages lor themselves as possible; and 1 have heard
it abo intimated that these men are very anxious and
would do all in their power to involve the United
States in a foreign war, so that if a favorable oppor-
tunity .should otter they might turn against the Gov-
ernment of the "United States again. I do not think
they will ever again attempt an outbreak on their
own account, because they all admit that they had
afairtnal in the late rebellion and got thoroughly
wonted. There is no doubt but what there is a uni-
versal disposition amim? the lebelsm the South to
embarrass the Government, in its administration, if
thwyean,so as to ^ain as many advantages for them-
selves a=; possible.
"Question. In what could those advantages consist;
in breaking up the Government ?
" A /} steer. Tliey wish to be recognized as citizens
of the United States, with the same rights that they
had before the war.
" Question. How can they do that—by involving us
in a war with England or France, in wlueh they would
take pai t against, us?
" Answer. In that event their desire isr to ree*fahli$7i
the boi>th<.ra i.onfcderavv. Then have not up
tlx ir desire for <i separate fiorcrnmrnt, and iftheji have
on npportunitif to strike for it (C/ain they trill do no.
" (Juestioii. I)oes the intelligence in regard to these
organizations i each yon fiom sueh authentic sources
a& to command j our belief of their existence?
"Answer. Yes, sir; it comes from very reliablo
men."
An officer of the Army, writing from Louisi-
ana to Senator W'msox, of Massachusetts, who
is vouched for by him as a gentleman of intel-
ligence and character, says:
''There is not one spark of love for the Union in
all that I have seen or can judge: butbiitcr, unre-
lenting hate, full of the spirit oi hell and death to
the black nmn and his white bcncfactor. A leading
man in this place tuhl me a few days a?o that taey
should not i est till paid for their freed knives ; if they
could not cet this they would exteimhiute hum. 1
can a--ure you, in the country away iroin notice tae
notrre has not half the protection that he had five or
even one year ago. The most ignorant, coinipt, and
uiiuuniipied set of men exist and rule society hero
on "the earth. They have been forccd back into the
Union greater siunor-i now than when they went out
of it. Could northern Senators travel througn 5ho
South stop and see it as it is,they would be appalled
at the atrocities piacticed and the undying bate to-
ward northern men. With troops away, anoithun
lite would be a thing of the p«vjt. I <*a;e notwhat
freedmen's agents may <ay of the <rnod eondiuon of
the blacks. I W their eondiuon i-< wretched ami
hcart-rcmUne, and ail by the abu-cand *tudi«\l per-
secution of their former uia:deiv. Ail th-. 1.
General Chain. General Howard, ire., down.wuo pay
tlymg "WtHS to the South, know nothing of the stuo
oi'society and suiteiing, nothing of the persistent, de-
termination to kill out the black race."
