1806.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3549
of double rations to the Adjutant General aud
Quartermaster General of the Army; which
was read arnd passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (S. No. 226) to repeal sec-
tion ten of an act to amend the several acts
heretofore passed to provide for enrolling and
calling out the national forces, and for other
purposes, reported it without amendment-
Mr. CRESWELL, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the memorial
of Phineas Banning, praying for the establish-
ment of apoitof entry at Wilmington, Cali-
fornia, and also a communication from the
Secretary of the Treasury in relation to the
same subject, asked to be discharged from their
further consideration ; which was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was
referred the petition of Mrs. C. S. Wilson, pray-
ing for compensation for expenses incurred
and services rendered by her in aid of the
Union prisoners at Andersonville, Georgia,
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims ; which was agreed to.
charles m. blake.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I am instructed by the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia,
to whom was referred the joint resolution (S.
R. No. 117) for the relief of Charles M. Blake,
to report it back to the,Senate without amend-
ment and with a recommendation that it pass ;
and I move that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of the resolution.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution. It directs the pay-
ment to Charles M. Blake, of the full pay and
allowances of a chaplain in the Army for one
year from the 18th of May, 1805, to the 17th
of May, 18G6, being the sum of $1,500, less the
amount which may have been paid him by the
effect of the joint resolution for his relief, ap-
proved .Tune 27, 1806.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
j. judson barclay.
Mr. SUMNER. The Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 083) for the relief of J. Judson Barclay,
have had the same under consideration and
directed meto report it back with a recommen-
dation that it pass. As it is a very brief bill, I
think it would save time if it were taken up and
acted upon now. I therefore "ask that the Sen-
ate proceed with its consideration now.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It authorizes the Secretary of the
Treasury to cause to be paid to J. Judson Bar-
clay, consul at Cyprus, the sum of So,000, being
the amount paid by him for the expenses of his
consulate.
Mr. SUMNER. There is a report from the
House explaining the bill.
Mr. GRIMES. Let us hear it read.
The Secretary read the report, as follows:
The Committee on Foreign Affairs, to whom was
referred the petition of J. Judson Barclay i'or remu-
neration for expenses incurred while United States
consul at Cyprus, have considered thesame and report".
That by the sworn statement of J. JudsonBarclay,
it appears that as consul at Cyprus, he has paid out
of his own funds the .sum of 5-500 cacli year for six
years past for guard-hire, dragoman, and other offi-
cials indispensable to his ollice, which expense in
every other consulate in the East is borne by the
Government. By a letter received from the Depart-
ment oi State these statements of the petitioner arc
eonfumcd, and the justice and equity of the claim are
fully unmoved. The committee therefore report for
the relief of J. Judson Barclay the accompanying
bill.
ilr. GRIMES. I will inquire of the Senator
from Massachusetts if this expense was incurred
with or without the knowledge, approbation,
or consent of the State Department.
Mr. SUMNER. I have 110 information on
that point. There is a letter from the State
Department sanctioning it.
Mr. GRIMES. I see, according to the re-
port, that the letter from the State Department
admits that such an amount of money has been
expended; but the question is, whether it is a
safe rule for us to establish here that a consul,
wherever he be. may employ dragomen and
interpreters and marshals and other officers,
and then come here, on the strength of this
precedent, and ask for compensation.
Mr. SUMNER. It is very evident that he
cannot, whenever he pleases, for the Senator
is well aware that these are the incidents of
the consulates in the East.
Mr. GRIMES. I am very well aware, by
conversation with a consul just from that sec-
tion of the world last week, that there is no
more necessity for a consul at Cyprus than
there is for one at the Iehaboe Island, as there
is not any necessity for one half the consuls
we have now in Europe. I understand we
have a consul general at Florence who, for the
purpose of aggrandizing his jurisdiction, is
establishing little consulates all over Italy ; and
upon the theory of this bill I suppose that
each one of them will bo permitted to come
here in a little while and ask for some extra
compensation.
Mr. SUMNER. With regard to the neces-
sity of our consuls abroad, I think it hardly
worth while, on this very small bill, to raise
that question. As to the consul general at
Florence, it is well known that he serves with-
out any compensation ; he has no pay.
Mr. GRIMES. He has no pay except that
he compels the consuls who are under him to
divide in the shape of fees.
Mr. SUMNER. I think the Senator must
be mistaken in that. 1 have no idea that he
receives anything in the way of compensation.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand that, as an
illustration, such things as straw goods that
have heretofore been shipped at the port of
Leghorn without such signatures are now signed
by this consul general, or else he causes the
consul at Leghorn to divide the proceeds with
him—all such articles as are made and manu-
factured in the valley of the Arno, and they
are imported principally into the Senator's own
city of Boston. I do not know whether it is
so or not; but I have been so told by a consul.
Mr. SUMNER. I have no knowledge of
those facts ; but I know perfectly well that the
consul general at Florence receives no com-
pensation.
Mr. GRIMES. No direct compensation.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not think that lie
would receive any indirect compensation. It
was understood when he took the post that he
should receive no compensation, and I believe
that he has adhered in his own practice to that
rule. However, that is a very wide deviation
from the question before us. The simple ques-
tion is, whether money which the consul at
Cyprus shows he has expended for the pur-
poses of his consulate shall be defrayed by the
Government. The Department of State thinks
it ought to be defrayed, the other House think
it ought to be defrayed, and the report of the
committee is in harmony with that.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading. It was read the third lime.
The question being put on the passage of
the bill, there were, on a division—ayes eight-
een, noes none; no quorum voting.
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. GRIMES. As I shall be constrained to
vote against this bill, I propose to say in a sin-
gle word why I shall vote against it. It seems
from the letter of the Department which I hold
in my hand, and which 1 shall presently read,
that this consul at Cyprus, where we have no
commerce at all—and the necessity of having
such an officer is no greater than that of having
a fifth wheel to a coach—without any aulhoiify
from the State Department or from anybody
else, employed dragomen and interpreters, and
now after a lapse of six years, after having
preferred no claim for six years, he conies
forward and prefers a claim of S-500 a year,
or something thereabouts. I will now read
the letter of the Department. It is a letter
addressed to Hon, William A. Newell, of the
House of Representatives, and dated April 10r
1860:
Sib: In reply to your letter of the 12th ultimo, in-
closing a certificate of J. Judson Barclay, Esq., late
Unlted States consul at Cyprus, relative to his account
for dragomen and guard-hire, and inauirin? as to its
correctness, I have the honor to inform you that the
statements which he makes agree with the funds and
vouchers recorded in this Department; and inasmuch
as appropriations for interpreters, guards, and other
expenses are made for all other consulates in the
Turkish dominions,namely, Constantinople, Smyrna,
Candia, Alexandria, and Beirout, the Department
knows of no reason why a discrimination should be
made against Cyprus, and therefore recommend that
it be placcd, in this rcspcet, upon the same footing a3
the other consulates in that country.
Herewith please find returned the certificate which
accompanies your letter.
I have the honor to be. sir. your obedient servant,
WILLIAM II. SEWARD.
Mr. President, when we pass an appropri-
ation bill we make an appropriation to pay for
dragomen, interpreters, and other o'Ecers at
Beirout, at Smyrna, and at Constantinople;
but we have never yet made one for Cyprus.
ThtgySecretarv of State does not say that it is
necessary that there should be such officers
there : but he says inasmuch as we have hitherto
done this in regard to these other places, he
knows no reason why we should not do it in
relation to this.
But, Mr. President, my great objection to
this claim is that it is a stale affair. The man
held the place for six years, without preferring,
so far as we know, any claim for any remuner-
ation of this kind. And now, after the lapse
of that period, he comes in and asks to be paid
this back compensation.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
resulted—yeas 22, nays 8 ; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Chandler,
Conncss, Cragin, Davis, Edmunds, Harris, Hendricks,
Howard, Howe, Johnson, Morgan, NeHnith, Poland,
Itam«ey, Salisbury, Stewart, Sumner, Wade, Willey,
and Wilson—22.
NAY'S— Messrs. Brown, Foster, Grimes, ICirlt-
wood, Lane of Indiana, Sherman, Sprague, and
Williams—8.
ABSENT—Messrs. Clark, Cowan, Creswell, Dixon,
Poolittlc, Fessenden, Guthrie, Ileiideison, Lane of
Kansas, McDougall, Morrill. Norton, Xye, t'onw-
rov, Riddle, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wright, and
Y ates—l'J.
So the bill was passed.
printing op bills.
On motion of Mr. CHANDLER, it was
Ordered, That the bill CS. No. 399) relative to col-
lection districts in North Carolina, and the bill (S.
No. 400) to fix the compensation of certain collectors
of customs, and for other purposes, be printed.
Mr. CONNBSS. I desire that an order be
made to print Senate bill No. 214, granting
lands to aid in the construction of a railroad
from the city of Stockton to the town of Cop-
peropolis, in the State of California, as reported
from the Committee on Public Lauds. By
some error it has not been printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
printed under the rule.
Mr. CONNESS. It has not been, and I
desire to call attention to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The rule
is that all bills reported from committees are
to be printed.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I move that the Chair
be authorized to fill the vacancy upon the com-
mittee on ventilation occasioned by the absence
of Senator Stockton.
The motion was agreed to.
house bills referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 315) for the relief of
the inhabitants of towns and villages in the
I'erritorics of New Mexico and Arizona was
read twicc by its title and referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories.
The bill (II- K. No. 747) to consolidate the
land offices in the several States therein named
was read twice by its title and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
j. l. PETTIGRu's law library.
Mr. HOWE. I move to take up for consid-
eration Senate joint resolution No. 79.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
