1886.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2591
them is a prima fade ease from which his guilt
is to be presumed, because they will say that
that thing itself constitutes probable cause. Or
I will give the Senator another instance. Say
that goods are imported into this country by A,
and in the course of five days thereafter B is
found iu possession of them, and B is prose-
cuted. Now, I desire to know of the Senator
if B is to be presumed guilty when the fact is
shown that the goods were improperly imported
and had not paid duty. So recent a possession
as that certainly ought to constitute some evi-
dence of guilt; it ought to constitute a prima
fade ease anyhow, and make it obligatory on
the defendant to show facts exonerating him.
But is that the intention of the section? One
court may say that five days' possession is so
very recent that the party iu possession of the
goods will be presumed guilty, and it devolves
on him then to show that he is not guilty.
Another court in another section of the coun-
try may say it requires twenty days; another
may say it requires forty days, or that forty
days' possession is yet so recent that probable
cause is made out against the party.
-1 merely suggest these difficulties. If the
section is left as it is now proposed by the com-
mittee, there can be no uniformity in the estab-
lishment of guilt in the courts of the United
States. There is no prima facia case except
that which is framed in the breast of the court
itself. Is that the intention of this section?
Mr. MORRILL. Yes.
Mr. HENDERSON. If that be the inten-
tion I cannot vote for it; but if the Senator
will say that one fact being established—I care
not what that fact may be—if he will say that
the importing of goods by an individual who is
owner of the goods, and the neglect or refusal
to pay the duties being established against the
party, however innocent his intention may be,
a prima fade case of guilt shall arise against
him, and'it shall devolve on him, then, to show
that ho is innocent, I am willing to vote for
it; or if he will say that although the party did
not import the goods himself, but was an inno-
cent purchaser of the goods, I ana willing to
say that on the fact of the purchase of goods
improperly imported being established the
presumption of guilt shall arise until the man
establish his innocence.
Mr. MORRILL. Establish it to whose
satisfaction ?
Mr. HENDERSON. Let there be uniform-
ity ; let the establishment of the fact go to the
court, because then there will be uniformity.
The court will certainly always instruct, the jury
hypothetieally, thatif the jury are satisfied from
the evidence in the case that A imported the
goods illegally and that B purchased the goods
from A, they will presume B to be guilty unless
he shows that he innocently purchased them.
That would make a perfectly clear case. The
court would instruct upon the fact and instruct
the jury of course hypothetieally. This would
leave it to the jury to say whether the original
fact upon which the presumption is to be based
has been established or not. But I really can-
not see the meaning of this proposition as it
stands, because the section in the first part of
it requires that there shall be guilty knowledge,
and it devolves upon the Government to prove
that fact; but in the latter part of it it is dis-
tinctly stated that the burden of proof shall
rest upon the defendant to show his innocence
where probable cause is shown for the prosecu-
tion. Then this " probable cause " is left to
the discretion, left in the bosom of each and
every judge, and there is no uniformity in the
practice.
I hope the amendment will not be adopted
in its present shape. I am perfectly willing to
take that portion of the section proposed to be
struck out, for I think that covers all that could
be desired. I understand the design of the
committee is to reach all guilty parties. Al-
though we allow the presumption of guilty
knowledge in a case of this sort, the defendant
may show himself to be innocent, or may pro-
duce evidence tending to show his innocence,
or at least bring it within a reasonable doubt;
and the court will instruct the jury, of course,
according to the criminal law of the land, that
the man's guilt must appear beyond any rea-
sonable doubt, and every other reasonable
hypothesis must be excluded in order to con-
vict the defendant. It may very easily be
shown that he had no knowledge, or at least
a prima fade case may be shown by him, that
he had no knowledge of the violation of the
law originally in the importation of the goods.
But to leave it within the discretion of a judge
in Oregon to say what is probable cause, and
a judge somewhere else to say that something
else is probable cause, it seems to me, is pla-
cing the liberty of the citizen in jeopardy, and
too much in jeopardy for us to let this provision
stand. I think it ought to be stricken out and
the original clause left as it was, or else the
section left without cither. It would then
devolve upon the prosecuting attorney in every
case to show the guilty knowledge; but I have
no objection to saying that the guilty knowl-
edge shall be presumed when the fact itself of
a violation of the law shall have been estab-
lished, and it shall then devolve upon the
defendant to show that he did not possess that
knowledge; that is, that the prima facie case
shall be taken against him; but beyond that I
am not willing to go.
Mr. HOWE. 1 asked to have this amend-
ment excepted and to have a special vote upon
it. I did it for two reasons: first, I am utterly
.opposed to the amendment as reported by the
committee. 1 do conceive the effect of it to
be neither more nor less than practically to
transfer the trial of the issue from the jury to
the court, because the issue is guilty or not
guilty; that is all there is of it; the Govern-
ment says the defendant is guilty, and he says
that he is not. Practically the Government
goes on and marshals its testimony, makes out
as strong a case of guilt as it is able to do.
The defendant has no'testimony, or has it and
introduces it. This statute says that whenever
the trial stops or before it stops, if the court
sees fit to do so, the court may say, "Gentle-
men of the jury, here is a case of guilt made
out; now I instruct you to find this man guilty,
unless the testimony subsequently satisfies you
that he is innocent." That is one reason why
I object, to it.
But I wish to call the attention of my friend
from Maine to an amendment that has been
incorporated here since the bill came from the
committee, which seems to me to be entirely
foreign to the whole purpose of the section in
which it stands. I ask to have the amendment
as it now stands reported.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to strike out the words "and the guilty
knowledge of the defendant, when convicted
of the fact, shall in all cases be presumed un-
less he or she prove the contrary;" and to
insert in lieu thereof the following: "and the
burden of proof in cases of seizure shall lie
upon the claimant where probable cause is
shown for such prosecution, to be judged of
by the court before whom the prosecution is
had."
Mr. HOWE. The whole purpose of the
section is to punish men for importing goods
contrary to law, or buying them or selling
them after they have been imported contrary
to law ; and it declares that if a man imports
goods in violation of law, that is without pay-
ing the duties, the goods shall be forfeited and
he shall be punished so and so; and the pur-
pose of the amendment reported by the com-
mittee was to regulate the proof on the trial
of such an issue, but the amendment as it now
stands is that in case of seizure (which is a
case not contemplated by the section,) the bur-
den of proof shall be on the claimant,, who is
a new party, a party that cannot be present
upon any trial contemplated by the section—
the burden of proof shall be upon the claimant
on such and such conditions which is entirely
foreign, as it seems to me, to the whole purpose
of the section. I think that it ought to be cor-
rected, if no more.
Mr. MORRILL. It seems to me that the
objection of the Senator from Wisconsin is
well taken to the proposition of the Senator
from Vermont. It will be seen at a glance
that the provision of the section is simply as
to the punishment of the person ; it provides
a remedy in cases where any person "shall
fraudulently and knowingly import or bring
into the United States," &c., any goods improp-
erly imported. The penalty is provided for the
person who shall do the acts prohibited ; and the,
provision is that upon such an issue as that,'
the onus probancli shall be on him, the court
having found certain things. I think that is
the statement of the whole case; and on the
trial of that issue this rule applies. Now, the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Edmunds] is, that upon a question of seizure
this principle shall apply, which would make
it apply to goods when no such issue is pro-
posed by the section.
Mr. POLAND. It seems to me that the
Senator from Maine does not precisely under-
stand his own bill. This fourth section pro-
vides that where goods are illegally imported
the goods shall be forfeited and the person ille-
gally importing them shall be subject to fine
and imprisonment. The provision in relation
to the burden of proof would apply to both
classes of cases—to proceedings against the
goods where they were libeled in the district
court and where some person came in as a
claimant; and would also apply to cases where
a prosecution was brought,, where a man was
indicted or informed against for having ille-
gally imported goods, or having goods illegally
imported in his possession, with knowledge.
Now, I entirely agree with the Senator from
Maryland that in a prosecution against a man
where you treat him as a criminal, where you
institute proceedings against him for the pur-
pose of subjecting liim to fine and imprison-
ment, it is altogether wrong to undertake to
interfere with the common-law rules of evi-
dence. He is entitled to have his case go to
the jury unlrammcled by any such provision;
and as I understand the effect of the amend-
ment which my colleague proposed, and which
was adopt ed yesterday, it relieves it entirely of
any application to that class of cases; it merely
makes it apply to cases where a proceeding is
instituted against the goods ; what is known—
that is a technical term—as a seizure case, that
is, where certain goods are libeled as having
been unlawfully imported.
It seems to me there is nothingwrong in our
saying that where the fact of illegal importa-
tion is proved, then if the party should excuse
himself upon the ground of some accident or
some inadvertence, the burden of proof should
be upon him; and as I understand, the effect
of this amendment is to confine it merely to
that class of cases, to proceedings against the
goods. To be sure in this section they do not
go on and provide anything in relation to the
mode of proceeding against the goods in order
to procure a forfeiture; but that is already
provided for by other laws, and, indeed, I do
not know but by some other section in this
bill. At any rate we have other statutes that
apply to that class of cases, and this amend-
ment merely confines this rule of evidence, as
I understand it, to proceedings against goods,
and entirely takes away the effect of this clause
in relation to the burden of proof in relation
to prosecutions against the person.
Mr. MORRILL. Which prosecution of the
goods, the Senator will allow me to say, is not
contemplated by this section, and therefore it
is irrelevant, to say the least of it.
Mr. POLAND. It leaves this section to
apply to seizure cases merely, proceedings
against the goods. Perhaps it may not ex-
actly be cognate to the section itself,_ and it
is perhaps unnecessary, because I think the
act of 1799, that was referred to yesterday,
establishes precisely the same rule in seizure
cases, and unless this bill repealed it there
was no necessity for having this clause in.
Mr.JIORRILL. That was the answer I was
about to make to the Senator. My understand-
ing of the bill is a little different from his. This
