1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
is in equally bad taste with the whole of the
speech which he has read to the Senate on this
subject, because it conveys an imputation upon
all those who have opposed this purchase which
none of them deserve. He closes with the idea
that those who do not choose to vote for this
proposition have no appreciation of the patriot-
ism of the man, and are not disposed to do
justice to him, and advertises those that were
of different opinion and acted differently from
himself that we had no appreciation of patriot-
ism. I suppose it would not be doing myself
very great injustice to claim that I have as
much appreciation of those who have rendered
service to the Republic or have exhibited patri-
otism as the honorable Senator from Wiscon-
sin himself; and I do not think it necessary, in
order to carry a measure which is a favorite
one with me, to depreciate the great men whom
the country has always almost worshiped for
their heroism and their patriotism during the
Revolution, or to depreciate the great battles
which have been considered landmarks in our
history.
Mr. HOWE. I beg to inform the honora-
ble Senator that I have imputed nothing of the
character that he speaks of to any Senator.
If it be supposed that I did so, it was abso-
lutely unintentional on my part. I did not
mean it, and I do not think I said anything of
the kind. I certainly did not mean any such
thing. . ,
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not suppose the
Senator referred to me particularly; but his
remarks were applicable to all those who on a
former occasion opposed the passage of this
resolution.
Mr. HOWE. I commented on no one what-
ever.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I did not suppose the
remark was meant for any individual particu-
larly ; but the remark was general, that lie did
not wish to advertise our enemies that we had
no particular appreciation of the patriotism of
those who stood by us. That was the substance
of the closing remark, if I understood it aright,
which he addressed to the Senate. As that
would be the natural effect of it, I felt bound
to answer it, and to repel what might seem to
be a natural inference from what the Sentator
said. I acquit the Senator most clearly, and
I should do it without his disclaimer, of any
intention to cast an imputation upon any mem-
ber of the Senate. Perhaps he was not aware
of the inference that would be naturally drawn
from the remark itself.
Now, sir, I had the highest estimation of
Judge Pettigru while he lived, and I believe him,
as the Senator believes him, to have been a very
patriotic, bold, courageous citizen through life,
attached to the Republic and ready to make
any sacrifice for its good; and so far as I am
individually concerned, or concerned as a Sen-
ator, I should be very glad indeed if, consist-
ently with my ideas of duty, I could vote to
purchase these books for the benefit of his
widow and children. It is a small sum, com-
paratively, and would not press very hard ex-
cept in connection with the ten thousand other
small sums upon our finances; it is the prin-
ciple of the thing that I object to. And allow
me to say that I think we are becoming exceed-
ingly loose in our legislation. 1 am afraid it
is becoming too much the habit of Congress to
consider everything as constitutional which any-
body wishes to accomplish, and to find thr<®gh
some construction of some phrase in the Con-
stitution power enough to do that which we
wish to do. I have been connected with pub-
lic affairs so long and began and have lived
with such different ideas from those which 1
hear familiarly put forth as received truths
about which there can be no dispute at the
present day of the power of Congress under
certain clauses of the Constitution, that I come
to this matter with a great deal of difficulty;
but the style of legislation that we have adopted
with reference to many things and the expend-
iture of public money strikes me as exceed-
ingly dangerous, and affects me with a great
deal of fear with reference to what maybe the
result. I have my own notions about that,
and stand up to them, and am not responsible
for what other gentlemen do or frhat other
gentlemen think; but 1 am responsible so far
as I am concerned as a Senator ; and if I see
very clearly that I cannot vote for an appro-
priation consistent with my ideas of what the
power of Congress is, then, without reference
to Judge Pettigru or anybody else, I must act
according to my convictions.
The mode iu which this is got up is only what
is commonly called whipping the devil around
the stump. It is a mere evasion. We might
just as well vote the money in consideration
of the services of Judge Pettigru to the Re-
public—or rather of his patriotism, for I do
not know that he rendered any particular ser-
vice in any other way ; there was no particular
danger at the time he became district attorney
to his person. We might as well say that in
consideration of his uniform loyalty and uni-
form devotion to the good of the country as
evinced by his life, and his eminence 4s a man
at the same time, we vote to give his widow
$5,000 out of the Treasury. Who would think
of voting for such a proposition? Wc have no
authority to do it, no power under any clause
of the Constitution to do it, and it would be a
precedent dangerous in itself, and would lead
to innumerable evils.
Is this anything more than that? I would
rather vote for that than vote for this proposi-
tion, because then my action would be clear and
plain; I should not be trying to dodge a re-
sponsibility by putting it in a shape where, per-
haps, I might gel up some excuse for myself;
and this is nothing more nor less than that. It
is conceded now that we do not want these
books. It is conceded that it is nothing but
an old lawyer's old library, which everybody
knows to be almost worthless in itself; books
that we have no particular occasion for, because
we have the same books, unquestionably, and
many copies of them, all we want. They are
old editions of old books accumulated by a law-
yer in the long course of his practice. There is
no more reason why they should belong to the
Government particularly, because they were
his books, than we should have purchased Jef-
ferson 's library and Madison's library and every-
body else's, if we did not want them, or any law-
yer's library, if he was a distinguished man and
a friend of his country.
If we needed these books and that was con-
ceded, as we have authority to purchase books
for the Library, we might do it, and do it with
propriety; but on the ground upon which it
is put, not that we need the books, not that
tlicy are of any comparative value to us, but
that wo buy them for the sake of making a pro-
vision for his widow which we cannot make by
a direct appropriation, this resolution cannot
be sustained. I do not feel ready to go out
and work by the day for the purpose of rais-
ing a fund (o purchase these books, as sug-
gested by the honorable Senator; but upon
my word, 1 think I should rather do my pro-
portion of the day's work in order to do it than
to vote for a proposition of this kind, whieli is
simply meant to get around or get over a plain
proposition with reference to onr power under
the Constitution by dodging it. That is the
whole length, breadth, and thickness of the
thing, as 1 see it, and I rose simply to state
the ground on which I put my vote. I cannot
vote for it, and I am very sorry that 1 cannot.
Mr. SUMNER. I see no objection to this
proposition on grounds of constitutional power.
I cannot doubt our power. Had I been called
to vote on this proposition when it was under
consideration some weeks ago, I should have
voted against it. I was disposed at that time
to look at the purchase proposed simply as a
question of economy. Since then I have been
led to regard it in that other aspect presented
by the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Hoive,]
and I hesitate to vote against it.
I have gone over the catalogue of the library.
It is a respectable library for a practicing law-
yer. Some of the books are valuable, others
may be useful as duplicates.
But in voting this sum I do not expect an
equivalent in the books. I make the purchase
ot these books the occasion of expressing my
sympathy with courage and fidelity under pecu-
liar difficulties in the cause of our country.
Mr. Pettigru was like the angel Abdiel; '' faith-
ful among the faithless only lie." In the State
of South Carolina and in Charleston itself he
continued true to the Union in all its trials
early and late ; first, in those days when it was
menaced by Nullification and then again when
it was openly assailed by bloody Rebellion.
He died in virtuous poverty, and I am willing
that Congress should make this contribution
to his widow. Such a character is an example
of infinite value to the Repnblie. I wish to
show my respect for it. I should be glad to
see it exalted so as to be seen by men. In the
deserts of the East a fountain is always cher-
ished as a sacred spot; such a character as we
propose to honor was a fountain in the desert.
What desert more complete than South Car-
olina?
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, the Joint
Committee on the Library of which I am a
member had this measure under consideration
and discussed it at considerable length, and I
was one of those who gave their assent to the
reporting of the present resolution, and 1 shall
vote for it with pleasure. I shall vote for it
for the reason that it is in itself an expression
of our high respect for the memory of Mr. Pet-
tigru, a patriot who in the worst of times and
under the most trying circumstances maintained
his integrity pure and without spot. He was an
eminent member of the American bar, and had
occupied that high position for many years.
He was admired by the profession almost uni-
versally as a gentleman of profound learning
and of incorruptible integrity. It is sufficient
for me to refer to a single instance in his life
to excite my admiration, for it shows not only
his heroism and courage as a patriot, but his
unflinching and inflexible fidelity to his pro-
fessional oath as a member of that honorable
and learned profession.
The newspapers informed us soon after the
commencement of the war, and after the con-
federate congress had passed their act confis-
cating the property of Union men, or rather
of aliens and non-residents, that on a certain
day an old man with gray hairs came into the
rebel court at Charleston, South Carolina, un-
der a summons from the court requiring him
to disclose upon his oath what claims he had
in his possession as.attorney and counselor-at-
law belonging to persons other than citizens
of South Carolina, and requiring him to deliver
them over under the confiscation act which had
been passed, for the use of the confederate
authorities. This old man, borne-down with
years, surrounded by a community hostile to
the cause which he loved, inimical to what he
regarded as his duty, refused sternly to recog-
nize the authority of the court, or of any other
human being to put him upon such an inquisi-
tion. He demurred to the power of the court
for two reasons; the first was that the so-called
court itself had no legitimate authority under
the Constitution of the United States; that it
was a usurpation of power which could not be
delegated under the Constitution of the United
States; was rebellious in its character and un-
worthy to be regarded as a court of justice;
!| and the second objection which he made was,
!| that he would not defile his conscience as an
j honorable member of that profession by mak-
i! ing to the world disclosures which, by the com-
mon law and the laws of all civilized countries,
were placed under the seal of secrecy, not to
be violated without the consent of those by
whom he was employed. I do not recollect
distinctly what was the result of that inquisi3
lion, but my belief is that the proceedings, so
far as Pettigru was concerned, were, out of
mere shame, discontinued and dismissed. Sir,
that was an act of heroism at a time and under
circumstances deserving of our high admira-
tion.
I shall vote for this resolution for another
reason, which, with me, would be a very weighty
