1866. •
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
151
3'Jiu Coxo.... 1 st Sess.
Apportionment of Representation—Mr. Morrill.
Senate.
thoir party, to approve by my vote of a princi-
ple which I asserted and acted upon before the
division among themselves.
But, sir, is there any bona fide intention now
of permitting these southern States to be rep-
resented in either House of.Congress, at least
until after the presidential election ? Can it
be said that the object of all this is political?
Are these States to be denied the exercise of
a clear constitutional right—representation;
are they to be taxed, and are their represent-
atives to be kept out of the Halls of Congress
until there shall be another mockery of an elec-
tion in favor of the party in power? What
does this mean? Although it is not in orderto
refer to what has been said, as I understand
the rulitig of the Chair, in the House of Rep-
resentatives, it is in order, I believe, to read
a joint resolution reported by the committee of
fifteen, and introduced by them in the House
of Representatives, as follows:
Jiesoloed by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled.
That whereas the people of Tennessee have made
known to the Congress of the United States theirdesire
that the constitutional relations heretofore existing
between them and the United States may be fully
established, and did, on the 22d day of February, 1865,
by a large popular vote, adopt jtnd ratify a constitu-
tion of government, republican in form, and not in-
consistent with the Constitution and lawsoftheUnited
States, and a State government has been organized
under the provisions thereof, which said provisions,
and the laws passed in pursuance thereof, proclaim
and denote loyalty to the JJnion; and whereas the
people of Tennessee are found to be in a condition to
exercise the functions of a State within this Union,
and can only exercise the same by the consent of the
law-making power of the United States: Therefore,
The State of Tennessee is hereby declared to be one
of the United States of America,, on an equal footing
with the other States, upon the express condition that
the people of Tennessee will maintain and enforce in
good faith their existing constitution and laws, ex-
cluding those who have been engaged in rebellion
against the United States from the exercise of the
elective franchise fur the lespective periods of time
therein provided for, and shall exclude the same per-
sons for the like respective periods of time from eligi-
bility to office; and the State of Tennessee shall
never assume or pay any debt or obligation con-
tracted or incurred in aid of the late rebellion; nor
shall the said State ever in any mann er claim from the
United States or make any allowance or compensa-
tion for Flaves emancipated or liberated in any way
whatever; which conditions shall be ratified by the
Legislature of Tennessee, or the people thereof, as
the Legislature may direct, before this act shall take
effect.
My first remark is that there is no constitu-
tional authority in Congress to say upon what
terms or conditions Tennessee shall be a mem-
ber of the Federal'Union. "Congress may
admit new States into this Union," says the
Constitution. Congress may exercisedelegated
powers, and can exercise none but delegated
powers. Under this delegated authority Con-
gress did by act, approved June 1, 1796, admit
Tennessee into the Union as a State. There
is no power delegated to Congress to expel a
State from the Union, or declare that a State
once a member of the Union is outof it, or the
terms and conditions upon which a State shall
remain in the Union. If Congress may do this
in reference to Tennessee it may do so in refer
ence to Pennsylvania or New York. When
new States are admitted into the Union they
are in the equals of the original States, and are
no more subject to the power of Congress than
are the original States. It will not be pretended
that the original thirteen States became mem
bers of the Union through the action of the
law-making power of the Government. Tliey
became such members by their own separate
ratification of the Constitution. This uncon
stitutional form for the recognition of TenneS'
see is to be the form to be applied to Virginia,
North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia,
original States, the creators in part of Congress,
and of the executive and judicial departments
of the Government, States without whose co-
operative action Congress would never have ex-
isted, or the Union itself have been formed.
Congress never had authority to say whether
one ol'these original States should be members
of the Union or not, and yet Congress modestly
asserts the power of deciding whether they are
members of the Union. I believed when you
were preaching Union and charging others with
being disunionists that you meant disunion, be-
cause I knew you were violating daily the Con-
stitution of the country, the bond of the Union,
and by the exclusion of representatives from
the southern States from Congress, and the
assumption of the right to determine whether
those States are' in the Union, and the pre-
sentation of the joint resolution in reference to
Tennessee, and the determination thereby that
she is not in the Union and can only be so upon
the conditions therein contained, the party in
power conclusively prove themselves to be dis-
unionists.
What does the resolution propose ? It de-
clares Tennessee to be one of the United States
of America, on an equal footing with the other
States, and then annexes conditions provid-
ing in effect she shall never alter her consti-
tution ; that ccrtain persons shall not bo al-
lowed to vote ; and providing that certain per-
sons shall not be allowed to hold office. All
these are conditions annexed to a State on an
equal footing with the other States in the
Union, and the resolution expressly declares
that it shall not take effect until Tennessee
agrees to accept the proposed terms of recog-
nition. Why, sir, would Tennessee or any
other State be in the Union on an equal foot-
ing with the other States, would she be an
equal member of this Union, with such clogs
and conditions as these annexed? You of
Connecticut can exclude negroes from voting;
you may make a qualification as to white men;
you may admit men who have been engaged in
the rebellion to share in the councils of your
State and exercise the right of suffrage; but
Tennessee, if she is in the Union, cannot be
in the Union on equal terms with you. _ Sir,
the time was when any State of this Union
would have spurned any such offer of equality.
I will not enter into the discussion of this reso-
lution now. I only refer to it as of a kindred
nature and character with the proposed amend-
ment of the Constitution and the resolution
which has passed both Houses saying that
those States shall not be represented in Con-
gress until Congress shall pass an act declaring
them entitled to representation.
I have already detained the Senate too long,
much longer than I anticipated. If I know
my own heart, Mr. President, T have no other
desire than to see this afflicted and distracted
country once more in the enjoyment of all the
blessings and all the constitutional rights which
it enjoyed before the unfortunate civil war. If
I have referred to the action of Stales which
never assumed to secede from the Union, ithas
been simply to show that if there has been fault
in the southern section of the country, there
has been fault among themselves. I have no
doubt that there have been bad men in all sec-
tions of the country, that there have been un-
wise men in all sections of the country: that,
politicians for the sake of party triumph in
their respective States have uttered sentiments,
avowed doctrines, and advised a policy which
had they known would have led to such disas-
trous consequences as have resulted from them,
they would not have uttered or advised. But
now, sir, the clangor of arms is hushed, peace
reigns everywhere, and there is not a member
in either House of Congress who believes that
if the representatives of these southern States
were admitted into these Halls—constitution-
ally they have the right to be here—there would
be any attempt whatever again to ^disturb their
peaceful relations to the Federal Union. 1 hey
know that war has its calamities. There are
too many hearths around which fond parents
with bleeding hearts sit in anguish to-day;
there are too many new and precious graves
on southern soil: there are too many wounded
and lame; there are too many young men in
the fullness of promise and the brightness of
hope who'have gone down to an early grave
for the people in the southern States again to
wish to renew this fruitless strife. Beware of
danger, not from them, but from yourselves.
Injustice and wrong cannot always be prac-
ticed with impunity.
We are told by the Senator from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Sdmner,] in the elaborate speecli
that he made—and we heard it from the Sena-
tor from Illinois, [Mr. Yates]—that if the right
of suffrage was not given to this negro race
there would be trouble. I do notknow whether
the remark was made as a threat or predicted
as~a consequence; but this I do know: if your
policy is to be forced upon the country, and if
you do keep from representation in Congress
these States until they ratify what they never
will ratify, you may meet with trouble in quar-
ters where you least expect it. I ask you, sir,
to consider a moment these important ques-
tions. Suppose you, for the accomplishment
of mere party purposes, cxcludc representa-
tives from these eleven States from admission
to the Halls of Congress until after the next
presidential election; suppose the party op-
posed to you in the States which have never
been in revolt nominate an electoral ticket;
suppose that these excluded States also nomi-
nate an electoral ticket; and they will, un-
doubtedly ; and suppose those who arc opposed
to your policy shall have a majority of the Elect-
oral College; suppose you simply, because you
have kept out Representatives from the House
of Representatives, should,refuse to count those
votes, and should declare that a minority can-
didate of the whole people of the United "States
shall act as the chief executive officer of this
Government for four years more, do you be-
lieve the people would submit to it? I do not
know what they will do, but I know you had
better not attempt it.
Apportionment of Representation.
SPEECH OF HON". LOT M. MORRILL,
OF MAIXE,
In the Senate of tiie United States,
March 8, 1866.
The Senate having under consideration the joint
resolution (H. K. No. 51) proposing to amend the Con-
stitution of the United States—
Mr. MORRILL said:
Mr. President ; I rise to discuss one or two
topics connected with this question, and I shall
not occupy much of the time of the Senate.
That it is important is evidenced from the ex-
pression of sentiment in the Senate and in the
country. To show, independent of this, that
it is important, it only needs to be stated that
it proposes to change the basis of representa-
tion in the popular branch of the national Con-
gress. Its importance is rendered, I was about
to say painfully, significant by the discussions
which have obtained upon this floor in the last
few weeks, during which it has occupied the
attention of the Senate.
It is said to be unnecessary, unimportant, and
by one class of Senators that it is unjust to the
States, particularly the States which have so
recently been in rebellion. It is said, on the
other hand, by those who take a different view
of the subject, that it is particularly unjust to
the freedmcn, whom it is the duty of the nation
to protect and provide for. Tr, was said yester-
day that we violate a great principle of Ameri-
can law and American liberty in the attempt to
pass it: that it is fundamentally wrong and un-
just to a defenseless and unprotected race, the
wards and allies of the nation, whose duty it is
to give them protection.
It is plain that between these cross-purposes,
if persisted in, the measure is to come to naught.
My purpose, so far as I have any object, and so
far as ! have any method in the treatment.of
the subject to-dnv. will be to show that neither
: of these propositions is just It is not unjust to
1 the States recently in rebellion; it docs not, as
i is supposed, violate a great fundamental prin-
