1632
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
This proposition, therefore, is a necessity if
"W6 would avoid repudiation or the constant
danger of it which will continually impair the
value of our national bonds, and increase the
rate of interest, and hence the burden of pay-
ing the national debt. We have been admon-
ished that constitutional amendments should
be sparingly made, and I agree that none should
be adopted except for adequate reasons.
But the result of the war has created a neces-
sity for some amendments which we cannot in
justice to the nation or people withhold.
If there be danger in fact that either the late
slave States or the nation may assume payment
to masters for the value of slaves in whole or
in part, then T think all loyal men win agree
that the possibility of this should be forever
averted.
I afiirm that there is danger that this may be
done.
We are providing now not merely for to-day
but for all time. And what has been our expe-
rience in the past? The slave States were
always in a minority in Congress. The Sena-
tors and Ivcpresentatives from the free States
were always in the majority. But the South
was united on every question aifecting slavery
or southern interests, while the North was as
uniformly divided, it was a part of the politi-
cal strategy of the South to ''divide and con-
quer." How well this was accomplished we
all know.
The; northern Democracy; so called, was,
through- almost its whole history, ready and
willing to unite with the South and give success
toevorysouthern demand. This coalition ruled
the eouutvv mail the people, alarmed at its cor-
rupt and wicked purposes, oveithrew iU power
in 1800inthe election of Abraham Lincoln to
the Presidency. The Douglas Democracy of the
North, during that political campaign, could no
longer tolerate the increased and increasing de-
mands of the slave power, and they wore com-
pelled to repudiate it at the expense of the dis-
ruption and division of the ancient parly of the
Democracy into Hie Breckinridge and Douglas
factions or wings. And we may even now see the
evidence that so soon as southern Senators and
iiepresenlaiives shall be admitted to Congress
we will again have the coalition of southern and
northern politicians and parties, whieh will be
more formidable in power than in the justice
of their principles or their means of success.
During the whole war the North has had its
sympathizers with treason, eager to censure and
oppose every step taken for the suppression of
rebellion.
In Ohio, the State 1 in part represent hero,
this sympathy with traitors was expressed b\ a
resolution adopred at a State convention of the
so-called Democratic parry on the ^Lst of Jan-
uary, IWil, in these words:
" ftwoltW, That tho two hundred thousand Demo-
crats of Ohio send to tlic people of the United States,
both North ami South, greeting; and when tlie peo-
ple of the North shall have fulfilled their duties to the
Soul 1), then, .nid not until (hen, will it be proper for
them i<> take into consider.itum the question of the
right and propriety of coercion."
And the national convention of the same
party at Chicago, in 180-J-, adopted a resolution
m these words:
"HhkoIwA, That, this convention does explicitly de-
clare, as the seiibe of the American people, that alier
four yenis of fjifuio to roi- tore the Union by the ex-
periment ol war, during which, under pretense of
military neces-itv, or war power higher than the
(Joi^iitulion, the Uonstituliou has been disregarded
in nvt vy pari, and public liberty and private lights
have been alike trodden down, and the material
pio^perily ot the country essentially impaired; jus-
tice, humanity, liberty, and the public welfare de-
mand unit immediate eilb.-ts be made for aces^ition
ot hostilities with a view to an ultimate convention
of all the .States, #>r other peaceable means, to the end
that at the earliest piaetieable moment peace may
be rcbtoied on the basis of the Federal Union of the
States."
But I will not now pursue the evidence to
demonstrate that southern traitors have their
northern sympathizers, and that the^o will be
ready to unite their political fortunes so soon
as they can be admitted to power in the coun-
cils of the nation.
If the South shall demand compensation for
her slaves her northern allies will be ready
to aid in the demand. And the demand has
already been made. We are admonished in
advance of the modest purposes of the men
who so recently waged war against the national
life. The so-called Governor, James L. Orr,
of South Carolina, in his inaugural address of
December 29, upon the transfer of the provis-
ional military government of that State to an-
other form of government purporting to be
civil in form but military in fact, said:
" The Constitution of the United States recognized
property m slaves, and an appropriation was made
by Congress to indemnity slave-owners in the District
of Columbia when slavery was abolished there in
1802. I therefore cherish the hope that Congress will,
as soon as the public debt is provided for, make some
just and. equitable arrangement to make the citizens
ot the South some compensation for the slaves manu-
mitted by the United States authorities."
General Carl Schurz, in his recent report to
the President, says:
"It is true no striking demonstrations have as yet
been made of any decided unwillingness on the part
of the people [of the South] to contiibute to the dis-
charge of our national obligations. But most of the
conversations 1 had with southerners upon this sub-
ject led mo to apprehend that they, politicians and
people, are rather inclined to ask money of the C<ov-
crnment as compensation for their emancipated
slaves, than, as the current expression is, to
'help paying the expenses of the whipping they have
received.' In fact, thoie aie abundant indications, in
newspaper articles, public speeches, and electioneei-
ing document^ of candidates, which render it emi-
nently piobable that on the claim ot < oinpcnsation
for their eman< ipated slaves, the southern Stat os as
won as leadmitted to representation in Congress,will
be almost a unit. In the Mississippi convention the
ide.t was broached by Mr. Potter, in an elaborate
speech, to have the late slave States relieved from
taxation 'tor years to come, in consideration ot debts
due them for the emancipated slaves; and this plea
I have frequenlly heaid advocated in private con-
versations."
In the recent assemblage called the Legis-
lature of Virginia, it was gravely proposed to
cause an inventory to be taken of all slaves
of that State made lree and of all property
destroyed by the Union Army, with a view to
ultimate compensation therefor.
JL repeat, then, that the demand for compen-
sation will bo made and urged with a show, if
not a hope, of success ; it may be ultimately
with success if not now forever prohibited.
My distinguished colleague on the Judiciary
Committee, [Mr. Uoci:ns,] the acknowledged
leader of the party in this IEouse opposed to
the Union party, in his speech of February 20,
said:
" Mr.RooEUS. It is proposed to prohibit the States
from paying the dcbls they contracted in aid of the
rebellion. I would not have one cent of it paid by
the .Federal Government, because it would have no
right to do so, and it would be*m out)age to do so.
My ground is, that each State id sovereign upon the
question of its debts. There is no more sacied right
in any State than the right to say what debts it will
pay, to whuia it will pay llieiu, and w hen and how it
will pay them : and an amendment to the organic law
for the purpose of preventing a State paying any debt
if pleases ts but the emblem of despoli:>m and tyranny.
Congre-i-; has no power, by an amendment lo the Con-
stitution or otherwise, to prevent New Jersey from
paying any dcbtsliepleases.''—Globe, March's, sujw&e-
nicut.
That, Mr. Speaker, I believe to be the senti-
ment of the party with whieh the gentleman
acts on this floor. And what is it ? It is simply
that it would be "the emblem of despotism
and tyranny'' to prohibit a State from paying a
debt contracted in an effort to destroy tlie
national Hie.
It is simply tlie doctrine that we may not prop-
erly prohibit a Stale from paying a debt con-
tracted without authority, every dollar of which
was expended in aid of treason. That may be
Democratic loyalty, it is not the loyalty of
Union men.
There are vast elements of political power,
of political strategy, and, if you please, of po-
litical corruption in §1,200,000,000. I do not
want this power knocking at our doors to bring
suspicion if not reproach on congressional in-
tegrity. Let us forever prohibit the possibility
of this now that we arc admonished in season.
But if all tliis should bo impossible it is im-
portant to settle the question for other reasons.
The agitation of this subject m the rebel
States will enable unscrupulous demagogues
to employ it as a means of attaining political
power, it will enter into political contests, both
State and national, giving rise if not to politi-
cal parties at least to disturbing questions from
which alone the unscrupulous and the unworthy
can derive advantage.
We have been admonished that there are al-
ready many proposed amendments to the Con-
stitution. This grossly perverts and libels the
facts as they exist. There are several proposed
amendments, all covering the same ground,
in a different form, and limited to a very few
subjects. But with what grace does this oppo-
sition to all amendments come to us?
President Buchanan in his last annual mes-
sage urged constitutional amendments, and his
political adherents saw nothing but wisdom and
patriotism in that.
They declared the Constitution was made
by compromise and could only be sustained
by compromise; that with every 1 evolution of
the wheel of political fortune a constitutional
amendment must be made to avert a dissolution
of the Union, and that to refuse to make it was
the highest proof of a want of patriotism. Con-
gress did, in fact, on the 2>ah of February,
18iil, propose to the States a constitutional
amendment designed forever to protect slavery
from national interference or destruction.
On the Kith of January, 18G1, the famous
Crittenden compromise constitutional amend-
ment was voted upon in the Senate, and then
the political friends of President Buchanan
were clamorous in its support.
Andrew J ohnson, then a Senator from Ten-
nessee, voted for both of these amendments. In
February, 1801, the "Peace Conference" met
for the purpose of proposing amendments to
the Constitution, and then the same political
leaders who now are so suddenly struck with
reverence and awe for ''the Constitution as it
is,'' were clamorous for amendments without
number. The whole Democratic party seemed
to have resolved itself into a universal town
meeting to demand constitutional amendments
in the interest of slavery and of incipient trai-
tors, though 110 social or other change in our con-
dition had occurred to render them necessary.
But now great social, political, and material
changes have occurred in our condition by the
rebellion and the overthrow of slavery, which
render constitutional amendments necessary.
When political power was departing from the
hands of the so-called Democracy, in 1800 and
1861, they alone demanded amendments to the
Constitution. Why was this? Then they were
ready to surrender the political rights of the
North to appease the treason of the South;
now they seek alliance with traitors again to
control the nation, which, thank God, they
failed to destroy.
There never has been a time in our history
when fundamental changes in both national and
State constitutions were so appropriate, so ne-
cessary as now. This was fully recognized by
Andrew Johnson when, in his speech accepting
the nomination for the Vicc Presidency, he
spoke on the 9th of June, 1801, as follows:
"Tho question is whether man is capable of self-
government. I hokl,with Jefferson, that^ovornment
was made for the convenience of man, and not man
for government. The laws and constitutions were
designed as instruments to promote his welfare.
And hence, from this prineiple, I conclude that Gov-
ernments can and ought to be changed and amended
to conform to the want.-, to the requirements, and
progress of the people, and the enlightened spiiit of
the age. [Loud applause.] Now, if an> of your se-
cessionists have lo^t faith in men's capacity lor self-
government, and leel unfit lor the exeicise of this
gi eat right, go straight to rebeldom. take J etV. Davis,
.Beauregard, and Bragg for your masters, and put their
collars on your necks.
"And let me saythatnowis the time to secure these
fundamental principles, while the land is rent WLth
anaiehy and upheaves with the throes of a mighty
revolution. While society is in this disordered state,
and we are seeking security, let us iix the foundations
of the Government on principles of eternal justice
which will endure for all time.
"But in calling a convention to restore the State,
who shall restore and reestablish it? Shall the man
who gave his influence and his means to destroy the
Government? Is he to participate in the great work
of reorganization? Shall he who brought this mi-ery
upon the State be permitted to control its desutiies?
It this be so, then all this precious blood of ourbiuvo
soldiers and officers so freely poured out will havo
been wantonly spilled. All the glorious victories won
by our noble armies will go for naught, nnd all iho
battle-fields which have been sown with dead heroes
