152
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 8,
Senate.
Apportionment of Representation—-Mr. Morrill.
39tii Cong.. ..1st Sess.
ciple of American representative law; and on
the other hand, it does not violate, as is sup-
posed, the principles of popular liberty in the
person of this dependent race. Upon the con-
trary, I shall maintain affirmatively that its
tendency is in the direction of popular liberty.
Although I shall not pretend that it is an ade-
quate measure, and that it deals out full and
ample justice to this feeble race, who I believe
all must agree it is the high duty of the nation
to protect and defend; yet_ I shall maintain
that its tendency is in that direction, and that
those who have faith in it, those who would do
what they can, now that they cannot do all they
would, may accept it, and ought to accept it. _
Sir, what is the issue precisely? It is said it
is to change the great fundamental basis of
representation on the one side. I do not quite
agree to that, Rather, I maintain that it is to
adjust the nation to the great events of the war.
Those who have been at all watchful of the
passing events of the last five years doubtless
recognize some changes in the condition of the
country. The great civil war through which
the nation has passed in its march, and in the
sweep of its events, has worked radical changes
in public affairs. Sir, it has worked among
other things a fundamental change in the basis
of representation provided for in your Consti-
tution. That change renders this proposition
necessary. In the Constitution of the United
States representation in the popular branch of
Congress was based\ipon "the whole number
of free persons, including those bound to ser-
vice for a term of years, and, excluding Indians
not taxed, three fifths of all other persons."
One of the great changes which have event-
uated from this war is an amendment of your
Constitution which forever sweeps away from
the Constitution of the United States the
"other persons" mentioned in the Constitu-
tion, and which constitute a portion of the
basis of representation. Slavery and involun-
tary servitude have been swept from the pale
of the Constitution ; and thus has changed the
fundamental basis of representation in the pop-
ular branch of Congress. How is the fact, how-
ever ? Notwithstanding this radical change, the
fact is that to-day Representatives from States
are demanding admission into the lower branch
of Congress based upon the system of slavery,
which is among the things that were ; which is
altogether in the past. The question is pre-
sented, shall the American Congress admit into
its councils some thirty Representatives in the
lower branch of Congress based upon a pro-
vision of the Constitution now rendered obso-
lete by the changes to which I have alluded ?
Why, Mr. President, to do that would be to
bring again into your presence the institution of
slavery itself. It would be to say that, not-
withstanding events that have transpired, you
still recognize its existence as a political power
in the nation. To-day, thirty Representatives,
in theory and in fact, demand admission into
the lower House of Congress based entirely
upon the representative system as originally
provided for by the Constitution of the United
States, ignoring all changes.
To those who deny that an amendment to the
Constitution is necessary I ask, how are you
providing for this obvious change in the repre-
sentative basis? The provision of the Con-
stitution providing for representation based on
three fifths of the "other persons" no longer
exists. How shall equal and just representa-
tion be provided for? Some amendment is ren-
dered absolutely necessary, unless the American
Constitution is to give to the nation the expres-
sion of utterly contradictory sentiments, saying
involuntary servitude no longer exists, in one
portion of it; in another bearing on its front,
in marked contrast, that three fifths only of the
'' other person s " are to still constitute the basis
ortepresentation.
Mr. SAULSBURY. If my friend will allow
me to interrupt him, I will ask him whether he
is in favor of giving to the southern negroes a
right to vote, and whether he means to exclude
the southern States from the right of represen-
tation because they do not allow the negroes to
vote.
Mr. MORRILL. If the Senator will pardon
me until I get under way a little, I will try to
answer all questions. I say, then, Mr. Presi-
dent, from the fundamental changes which have
taken place in the Constitution some amend-
ment has been rendered necessary to preserve
its unity and to prevent unequal and unjust rep-
resentation in the national councils. Ihirty
Representatives, based on the provision of the
Constitution for the representation of "three
fifths of all other persons," demand admission
into the national Congress, and Senators stand
here to oppose, nay, denounce, as unwise, inex-
pedient, and revolutionary, any amendment
whatever. Why, sir, the admission of these
thirty Representatives which are based upon
this principle of the Constitution, " three fifths
of all other persons," means the recognition
of the institution of slavery. That is dead,
gone, is wholly of the past; and yet its repre-
sentatives demand admission to these Halls,
and we are told that no amendment of the Con-
stitution is necessary. The American Con-
gress is called upon to do that thing, or it is
called upon to reform this provision of the
Constitution, and adjust to the events of the
times.
Now, Mr. President, the committee on recon-
struction, looking at this question I think wisely,
undertake to adapt the nation to the events of
the war. They take notice of a revolution in
public affairs, marked and decisive, and which
has changcd the political and social system in
half the nation, and which has wrought a change
also in the popular basis of representation; and
now propose to provide for the apportionment
of representation according to the principles of
the Constitution, to place the question upon
some basis which shall be in harmony with the
principles of the Government. And what is that
basis? Substantially it is this: that represen-
tation hereafter shall be basedupon citizenship.
That is the rule; that is the implication of this
amendment. Heretofore representation was
based upon free persons and upon three fifths
of "all other persons." "Three fifths of all
other persons" being stricken out of the Con-
stitution, the committee go upon the assump-
tion that all are now free persons, and being
free persons they are citizens, and being citi-
zens they are entitled to representation, and if
any State undertakes to deny them representa-
tion, to deny them suffrage, that State shall not
represent them to that extent. In its endeavor,
it is just. It is on the side of popular rights.
It has an implication in it, perhaps, which is
unjust; but as an endeavor, it is in the right
direction. It is saying to these States, " We
recognize the principle of citizenship as the basis
of representation; you must recognize it or you
must not represent those to whom you deny the
right."
With this statement I justify the vote which
I shall give for this amendment. I think the
amendment on its face stands self-justified in
the situation in which we are placed. I shall
proceed to examine some of the objections
which are brought against the adoption of this
amendment. It is said that any amendment of
the Constitution in these times is unnecessary,
inexpedient, and unwise. There are a class of
Senators here and a class of persons through-
out the country who denounce all amendments
of the Constitution at the present time as un-
wise and injudicious. We are told these are not
times suited to an amendment of the fundamen-
tal law. I have already adverted to some of the
facts which I think justify the conclusion that
ari amendment of the Constitution is our neces-
sity; that to adjust the nation to the great
events of the war it has bccome necessary to
amend its Constitution and its general code of
laws. But to those who make this objection let
it suffice to say that the Constitution contem-
plates its own amendment, provides for it, and
it has been of frequent occurrence.
But, Mr. President, I do not forgot the his-
tory of the past few years. T do noUV,rrtct u,<it
within the last five years a class of statesmen
and politicians, who now resist all propositions
for an amendment of the Constitution, here
and elsewhere urged and demanded amend-
ments of the Constitution of the nation. What
were the circumstances then ? Several States
threatened to dissolve this Union. Several
States had taken an attitude hostile to the
Government of the country. They demanded
the extension, the protection, and the perpet-
uation of slavery ; and upon that question the
country was divided. Then amendments to
the Constitution were proposed withofit num-
ber here, elsewhere, and everywhere. Amend-
ments to the Constitution seemed to be the
order of the day. To what end, and for what
purpose? To increase the power in the hands
of (he few who wielded the political power
in those States, and who were demanding
it. What is the question to-day? It is the
same question precisely in another form. They
brought on civil war, rebellion, and insurrec-
tion. They have, been defeated. The insti-
tution of slavery has passed away in form, but
it still lives in spirit. It stalks the earth in
power. It comes to your Halls and demands
admission. It abates not one jot of its power
and force. It not only demands admission
with the strength that it had when the war
began, but it demands that its strength shall
be increased by two fifths of its former slave
population; that its political power in Con-
gress shall be augmented by two fifths. The
slaves, three fifths of whom are represented,
are to be stricken out of the Constitution and
are to be given to the great body of the Ameri-
can people and counted as numbers, for that
is the rule, it is contended. On such basis of
representation, then, by the rebellion the South
has not only lost nothing, but in the scale of
political power those who were capable of being
the enemies of the nation, and may he again,
have added to their strength two fifths. That
is the proposition you have to meet, sir. fa
it not plain that the national security demands
that this proposition should be adopted ?
But yesterday we had an additional reason,
a reason which [ did not anticipate, given why
this amendment should not be adopted, and that
was that it was wholly unnecessary, because, it
was said, by the events which were transpiring
in the country in regard to the recent slave
population there need be no apprehension of
excess of representation based on the whole
"numbers" instead of three fifths, from the im-
portant fact that they were passing away. If
1 gather the force of that argument, it i.s this:
we are to base no legislation and no action upon
the idea that this race, recently slave, now free,
is part and parcel of the American people, the
object of our care, solicitude, and protection ;
they are passing away, dying; let them be rep-
resented as slaves now, and let them never enter
into the basis hereafter of the representative
system. Sir, that i.s the old argument, an ar-
gument worthy of another period than this.
Our people have been an inexorable people in
some respects in regard to the races that have
been within their power. In the march of our
civilization aero.ss the continent., the iron heel
of that civilization has rested upon the Indian,
and he is passing away. We seem to contem-
plate the probable extinction of I lie Indians from
our limits with composure. lie is a nomad;
he is a savage; ho is a barbarian : he is not
within our morals or our code of law; he is not
within the pale of the CoiiMitut ion, but flits upon
the verge of it outside our protection, the sub-
ject of our caprices, and sometimes, 1 think, of
our avarice. And. now, if any conscquencc is
to be attached to the remark of the honorable
Senator from Wisconsin [ Mr. Dooi.itti.kJ yes-
terday, this " inferior race" i.s not to be the
subject of our solicitude; they, too, aru passiutr
