ma.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
It is quite plain that in this provision two
Mnds of treason are defined; the first consists
simply and purely in levying war against the
United States. As treason can bo committed
only by a citizen owing allegiance to the United
States, this kind of treason must be perpetrated
by a citizen, who is. a rebel and traitor, seeking
by levying war to overthrow the authority of
the Government. It is insurrection or rebel-
lion, in the proper and technical sense of the
laws of nations. The other kind of treason
consists not in levying war against the United
States in the form of a rebellion or insurrec-
tion, but in adhering to the foreign enemies of
the United States, and in giving aid and com-
fort to those enemies.
The crime in the first case is the levying of
a rebellious war ; in 'the second case it is the
act of adhesion to our foreign enemies, evi-
denced or demonstrated by rendering those ene-
mies material aid and security in prosecution of
their hostilities against us. This overt act of
adhesion might undoubtedly, and in most in-
stances would, be committed within the limits
of the United States ; and there is not the slight-
est ground to doubt the power of Congress un-
der the unamended Constitution to bring the
offender to trial at any place they might select
for the trial, for in section two of article three
it is provided that—
i( The trial of all crimes,except in cases of impeach-
ment, shall bo by jury, and such trial shall be held in
the State where said crimes shall have been commit-
ted ; but where not committed within any State, tho
trial shall bo at sueh place or places as the Congress
may by law have directed."
By the sixth amendment to the Constitution,
made in 1789, it is declared that—
"In all criminal prosecutions the accused shall en-
joytbe right to a speedy andpublictrial by an hupaa-
tial jury of tho State arid district wherein the crime
shall hare been committed, which district shall have
been previously ascertained by law," &e.
Now, as 1 understand the Attorney General,
he mast hold that both these kinds of treason—•
for this amendment makes no distinction as to
the place or mode of trial—arc to be tried within
the district wherein, the crime was committed;
and that as to the crime of adhesion to foreign
enemies, the clause I have cited from the una-
mended Constitution is repealed and annulled
by the amendment. J lis proposition must ne-
cessarily lead to this result. The amendment
makes no exception in favor of treasons com-
mitted out of the limits of the United States.
It declares, in general terms, that in all criminal
prosecutions the trial shall be had in the dis-
trict wherein the crime shall have been commit-
ted. And if it was not committed within any
district the conclusion seems irresistible that
it cannot be had at all, and that hence Congress
has been stripped of the power plainly given by
the unamended instrument.
it is impossible to suppose that the learned
Attorney General can accept a logical result so
dangerous to the public security and interesls.
Surely he will not upon reflection insist that an
American citizen who joins the foreign enemies
ofthc United States in a foreign countiy, and
there gives them aid and comfort, thus com-
mitting the overt act of treason as defined by
the Constitution, is not triable and punishable
for that high crime. He will not so construe
the instrument as to give to every American
citizen an open license to join the enemies of
his country in foreign lands or on the high seas
under which he can escape the doom of trai-
tors. This would be such a narrow, strict con-
struction as would bring upon us the derision
of all other nations.
I put both kinds of treason upon the same
footing as to the place of trial because the Con-
stitution so places it. No argument, can be
urged as to the one kind that is not applicable
to the other; and if I have shown the absurdity
of the doctrine of actual corporeal presence in
the case of an act of adhesion in a foreign coun-
try, it is worth our while to consider seriously
whether it is not equally faulty as applied to
acts of levying war t>y rebels.
An overt act oflevvingwar must.be commit-
ted, for the clause requires this overt act to be
proved by two witnesses. This overt act is the
evidence of the treason, of the crime charged,
but is not necessarily the crime. On the trial
of Colonel Burr for treason in 1807, before Chief
Justice Marshall, that profound jurist, taking
this clear distinction, remarked:
" The counsel fortbeprosecution have charged those
engaged in the defense with considering theovertaet
as treason, whereasit ought to be considered solely as
the evidence of the treason; but the counsel for the
prosecution seem themselves not to have sufficiently
adverted to this clear principle, that though the overt
act may not be itself the treason, it is the sole act of
that treason which can produce conviction. It is the
sole point in issue between the parties. And tho only
division of that point, [the overt act,J if the expres-
sion be allowed, whieh the court is now examining,
is tho constructive presence of the prisoner at the
fact charged."
The fact charged was the levying -of war
against the United States on Blennerhassett's
Island, in the Ohio river, but within the State
of Virginia.
Now, ift't be a clear principle that the overt
act is not necessarily the treason, but only evi-
dence of it; that is to say, following out the
reasoning of the Chief Justice, if the overt act
may consist of something which, considered by
itself and unconnected with an act of war, is not
treason, but becomes evidence of treason only
when connected by intention and conspiracy
with the act of levying war, and if this overt act
may be done, as it is often done, in a State or
district different from tho one in which the war
is actually levied ; if the overt act may not ne-
cessarily be the whole of the corpus delicti, (and
the Chief Justice asserts this emphatically;) if,
in other words, the accused is not or need not
be pat on trial for tho mere overt act except as
connected with and forming a part, so to speak,
of the coi'pui delicti, the levying of war: then
undoubtedly the overt act, may be committedin
one district and the main act of levying of war
in another ; so that, this principal act draws after
it the overt act committed by the accuscd, thus
making both one act. And in the cases 1 have
put of the battles in Ohio and on the Canadian
frontier, the commander of the rebel forces
would be to all intents and purposes present as
principal at the act of war. 11 is utterly impos-
sible to suppose that any enlightened court would
not hold liim to be present according to the an-
cient and well-established principles of criminal
law. The rule is that he is present at the com-
mission of a felony who is near enough to the
spot to aid and abet in it, with the intention to
render aid, and in a condition to do so.
Foster, Hawkins, Hale, all concur, in stating
the rule to be that—
" In order to render a person an accomplice and a.
principal in felony, he must be aiding and abetting at
the fact or ready to afford assistance if necessary."
Judge Marshall adds the words:
" That is, at the particular fact whieh is charged, ho
must be ready to give immediato and direct assist-
ance."
And Foster adds, whatis the undoubted rule
of law :
41 That when the law requircth the presence of the
accomplice at tho porpelrn! ion of tho tact, in order to
render him a principal, it doth not require a strict,
actual, immediate presence, such a presence as wo aid
make him an eye or ear witness of what passetli."
No author has undertaken to state at what
precise distance the accomplice must bo from
the scene in order to be present as a principal,
for it is in the nature of things impossible to
| lay down any rule as to the distance or location
I of lite person who is present,. He must, of
; course, be leagued in the conspiracy and par-
ticipate in the common object of the conspira-
tors, and ho must be ready to render assistance
if necessary. This is the definition which the
■ law gives of presence. It assumes not to go
j beyond it, or to establish metes and bounds;
I and the question whether the circumstances in
proof come up to this definition, the question
whether they make out presence at the perpe-
tration of the crime, is not a question of law,
but of fact for the jury, not the court, to pass
upon.
If it be said that the accused must be actually
in the district at the time and place of the
commission of the act of treason, my reply is
that the Constitution does not say so. It says
his trial shall take place in tho State or district
wherein the crime was committed ; and I have
already shown that his being out of the district
at the time is really immaterial; at any rate,
it is not in itself such negative evidence- as to
relieve him from the charge of being present,
aiding and abetting.
In order to commit the crime he must be
present; that is, ready and able to render assist-
ance. Legal presence cannot, therefore, be
any more confined within geographical limits
than acts of aid and assistance can be so con-
fined ; and surely the law does not assume to
overrule the laws of nature, and say that an
act which, by them, really and in point of fact
gives such aid and assistance, does not accom-
plish that end because done within certain
geographical limits. Such an idea defeats and
destroys the real doctrine of presence as under-
stood at the common law and as expounded
by all courts and accredited writers. The being
engaged in the general conspiracy, and being
ready and able to assist in the perpetration of
the crime, are the elements of legal presence;
and whether that presence has been made out
by the proofs is a question not for the court,
but for the jury. Every fact and circnmstanco
tending to show that the accused was engaged
in the general conspiracy, was ready and was
able to contribute aid, and did in some way
contribute aid—in however remote a degree,
and however minutely, as Chief Justice Mar-
shall expresses it—in the commission of the
crime, is admissible evidence to the jury of the
guilt of the accused, of his legal presence as
principal. To deny this is to impair and be-
little the rule, to fritter it away, to deprive it
of one half its efficacy by refusing it application
to cases which must have been in contemplation
of the authors of the Constitution.
And this doctrine of the legal presence of the
offender and his guilt as principal in the juris-
diction where the crime is committed is in
accordance with the decisions of American as
well as English courts. The books of each
country abound in cases showing it to be the
rule of law that where the crime has been begun
in one jurisdiction and is consummated in an-
other, the act is, in contemplation of law, done
where the crime becomes complete; and in ease
of a shot fired from one foreign country into
another, by whieh a person in til e latter is killed;
or of a shot fired from on board a vessel of one
country to that of another on the high sens, by
whieh a person is killed on board the latter; or
of the crime of counterfeiting or forging com-
menced in one State and consummated in an-
other by agents, though innocent, of the of-
fender; or of poison administered in one juris-
diction and destroying its victim in another;
and even of a mortal Blow struck in one coun-
try, of which the subject dies it) another—all
these cases go to show that, in law tlic place of
the consummafion of the crime is the place
where the principal is present, and incurs the
guilt. And it seems to mc the rule is the plain
and obvious dictate of good sense and common
justice, and stands in need of no labored argu-
ment to give it practical effect.
It is true that Davis was in Virginia atthc time
the battles were fought in Ohio and Pennsyl-
vania, and probably in Richmond. But that he
was leagued in the conspiracy to fight those
battles and all others that occurred all will admit,
for he was the commander of all the rebel forces.
That it was done under his commission and
therefore by his procurement there can be no
doubt, for he was the responsible head of every
rebel military movement. That, he was ready
and able, though at Richmond, to render aid
and assistance to the rebels who carried war into
those States ; that he actually did it, by sending
troops and supplies of money and arms, by
couriers, spies, and telegraphic dispatches, and
all the usual methods practiced by command-
ers in the field, cannot, I suppose, be doubted.
And if he was thus ready and able and actually
did such acts by way of aiding and abetting in
those battles, he was in law and common sense
as much "present'' at the commission of the
crime in those States and as much responsi-
ble as principal in them as was John Morgan
