1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GrLOBE.
2593
Now, I wish to say a single word on the
merits of this question. It is true ill my opin-
ion, as my honorable friend from Maryland
[Mr. Johxsox] says, thatwe are simply in these
cases of seizure reenacting what the law now
is. I agree to what he states about that. We
are also ten lines above reenacting what the
law is as to the forfeiture of the goods. That
is the law now in both eases. The difficulty
we shall get into in the courts where those who
are engaged in smuggling retain the astutest
counsel they can find, will be this: if we reenaet
the law as to forfeiture and do not reenaet the
law as to the burden of proof, it will be imme-
diately contended that we intended to drop'it,
that we have created a new code, that we have
provided a fresh forfeiture, and have failed to
provide for the old rule of evidence, and there-
fore that rule no longer applies ; and half the
judges of the country will decide so. It is,
however, my opinion that the law is the other
way ; but at all events if we have the cause of
forfeiture in wo had better have the law of
evidence in.
Mr. JOHNSON. It will do no harm.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly not.
Mr. MORRILL. I will settle this question
then. We are in the Senate now, and I move
to strike out the amendment proposed in com-
mittee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore,. An amend-
ment to the amendment is in order.
Mr. MORRILL. I maintain that the clause
as it stands is obviously useless, for this reason:
the section does not provide nor propose any
remedy for goods forfeited; that is provided
for by the act of 1799, which also provides the
rule upon which the trial of the proceeding
shall be had, and therefore it is not necessary
in this bill. Now, the only reason for stating
the rule of evidence in this bill is because, con-
trary to all the other acts, we propose to pro-
ceed against the person by a prosecution, and
in proceeding against the person by a prosecu-
tion we say the burden of proof shall be on him
in certain conditions. Now, it would be per-
fectly incongruous to say that in a proceeding,
which is the only one provided for by this bill,
against the person, cases of seizure shall be
proceeded with ill a certain way: that is, in a
proceeding, the only one provided, which is
against the person, you are to make your evi-
dence apply to cases of seizure. That raises
the quesfion, and it is the only question raised.
_ Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to inquire,
in this precise connection, what was the pur-
pose of the Committee on Commerce in intro-
ducing into this section the amendment in the
eighth line reenacting the law as to the for-
feiture of goods. Why did the committee
amend by inserting that clause? It is the law
already.
Mr. MORRILL. No, I do not say it is the
law already; but I say if you proceed against
the goods as for forfeiture the remedy is that
provided for by the act of 1799.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes; but what is the
object of introducing into the section this fresh
clause relative to the forfeiture of the goods ?
Mr. MORRILL. Because the forfeiture of
the goods depends on the manner in which they
shall be introduced into the country.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It always lias, has it not?
Mr. MORRILL. No, sir; not as provided
for in this section.
Mr. HENDERSON. This permits a seizure
in such eases as were not provided for before.
Mr. MORRILL. That is what I say. It
adds additional circumstances under which
goods shall be forfeited.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If that be true, then most
certainly there is a new forfeiture here, not
already provided for, and we must in that case
apply the new onusprobandi or we shall lose it.
Mr. MORRILL. That does not follow by
any means. All I mean to say, and all that it
is necessary to say for this argument, is that
there is no provision in this section for a pro-
cedure against the goods; there is no pro-
vision in this bill to proceed against the goods;
and therefore the idea of providing for the
39th Costs. 1st Sess.—No. 163.
burden of proof against goods is not pertinent.
It should be against the person. So the ques-
tion is simply whether it is the sense of the
Senate that we ought to change the rule in the
case of a prosecution against the person. On
that I submit that there are two sides.
Mr. EDMUNDS. One word more. My
friend from Maine says that there is no pro-
vision in this section for a proceeding against
goods, and therefore there is no occasion for
a provision regulating the rule of evidence in
such cases; but there ought to be a provision
regulating the rule of evidence in a proceeding
against the person, because such a proceeding
is here contemplated. Now, I undertake to
declare, without the fear of successful contra-
diction, that there is exactly the same provis-
ion for a proceeding against goods forfeited in
this section as there is against the person who
has incurred the penalty—exactly as much and
no more. But it appears to me to bo perfectly
plain that there is no provision for a proceed-
ing, in the proper sense of the term, against
either. The section is merely penal. As ap-
plied to goods, the necessary penalty must be
forfeiture, because that is the only way you can
punish the thing. As to the person, it is fine.
The section, therefore, declares that goods
brought in under the prohibited circumstances
shall be forfeited, and that the person who
brings them in shall suffer a fine. That is all.
It does not organize the court which is to con-
demn the goods; it does not organize any
admiralty or maritime or seizure court, and
provide for libels and answers and claims and
proofs and decrces. It docs not organize any
common-law court, with a jury, to hear, try,
and determine an indictment against the de-
fendant for a violation of this law; but it sim-
ply, as applied to each class of the objects,
provides for imposing a penalty. The penalty
against goods is forfeiture necessarily; the pen-
alty against the person is fine._ Now, then, as
applied to goods, the committee thought it
necessary to introduce an amendment to the
original bill which declares a forfeiture of
goods; and they have thought it ncccssary to
introduce as against the person a clausc which
provides for a penalty. Then they thought it
necessary as to both classes of cases, because,
as the amendment originally stood, it applied
to both, 1 hat the onus proband! should be upon
the defendant where probable cause was shown.
I thought it wise, upon the argument of my
friend from Maryland, who demonstrated, as
it appears to mo, the propriety of such a rule
in an ordinary criminal cause, to limit the ap-
plication of that rule to those cases which were
analogous to the old limitation as applied to
that description of proceeding. That amend-
ment has been agreed to, and I hope it will not
be stricken out.
Mr. CONNESS. I desire to ask the honor-
able Senator from Maine, who has reported
this bill and prepared this section particularly,
if it has been found that without this section,
which proposes a penalty as against the person
and proposes to put the burden of proof ujion
the person charged with the offense, the exist-
ing law is insufficient. Is the reason for pre-
paring and introducing this section that it has
been found that the existing laws providing for
a penalty against the person are insufficient?
Mr. MORRILL. In the judgment of the
Treasury Department, that was so. The bill
was framed at the Treasury Department as
originally expressed.
Mr. CONNESS. I would sooner take the
opinion of some of the gentlemen of the Sen-
ate who are practitioners of the law, members
of the bar, than the opinion of the Treasury
Department on such a point. I think I can
throw some light on this case.
Mr. MORRILL. I thought the honorable
Senator asked as to the fact, not as to the law.
Mr. CONNESS. I desire to be understood,
because I think I understand something about
the difficulty that lies behind this section. My
question was, did those who prepared this sec-
tion prepare the provisions that are made here
as against the person who commits the offense
because existing statutes were insufficent in that
respect, or was it for some other purpose?
Mr. MORRILL. It was simply to enable the
Government to prosecute more successfully
guilty persons. That was the object, and that
alone.
Mr. CONNESS. So they are of opinion,
then, at the Treasury Department that guilty
persons mostly have escaped.
Mr. MORRILL. That was the opinion.
Mr. CONNESS. To that point I desire to
call the attention of the Senate. The existing
revenue laws provide for giving one half, I
believe, of the amount of the value of seized
goods to the customs officers—to the collector,
to the naval officer, and to the surveyor of' the
port.
My experience is (and I have had a little
light upon what I am going to say) that the
customs officers of the United States have but
in rare instances ever instituted prosecutions
against persons, when they could seize the
goods, and then the persons would fail to claim
them, would abandon them, and thus allow a
division of the goods that would be profitable
to the officers, f can state in reference to the
port of Sail Francisco alone, that in proportion
to the amount of business done, which is very
great, as many attempts have been made at
smuggling or fraudulent importation as, per-
haps, at any other port in the Union ; and the
cases are few and far between (perhaps there
never have been halt' a dozen all told) where
prosecutions have been instituted and carried
out against the persons engaged in perpetrating
the crime. On the contrary, my opinion is—
and I have filed at the Treasury Department
before this time, official evidence going to show
ujjoii the sworn affidavits of subaltern officers
of the customs at that port, that again and again
information was presented to the collectors,
naval officers, and surveyors that fraudulent
importations were being made, that the laws
were being violated, and the criminals pointed
out, but those officers in place of causing ar-
rests to be made and stopping the crime there,
refused to do anything of the kind, but bided
their time until such a period as they could
seize the largest amount of goods, and then
upon an abandonment of the goods by the par-
ties who perpetrated the crime, where there
could be a division of the goods with them,
they abandoned the prosecution and the pros-
ecution was never pressed.
Now, I undertake to say—I cannot speak
with certainty, for I am not sufficiently ac-
quainted with the law—that it will be 'found
upon an investigation that the existing laws,
without this portion of the act before us, are
sufficient already for the punishment of persons
engaged in infracting and violating the law;
and that the better remedy to compel that to
be done would be to take away this immense
incentive that exists under the present law in
the profits which are given to customs officers
by the seizure and confiscation of goods. I havo
heretofore suggested to the Treasury Depart-
ment that the law be changed in that respect,
and one of the Secretaries, I believe, w-as in
favor of it; indeed, he told me on one occa-
sion that he would recommend such a change
as would give a reasonable per centage to tha
officer, and make it not so much his duty to
compromise with crime and get the goods as it
was under the existing law. If really the diffi-
culty is in what I point out, if the reason why
persons havo not been prosecutodand convicted
is that this great incentive exists, the incentive
should be removed and the law allowed to
remain as it is in this respect and officers com-
pelled to do their duty under the law.
I apprehend that the Treasury Department
are entirely in the fog, entirely in error in this
respect. They have arrived at their conclu-
sions by the Commissioner of Customs, and
other officers in that Department. They saw
that there were a great many seizures and but
few criminal prosecutions; and the disparity
between the fraudulent importations and.the
' consequent seizures and the number of prose-
cutions, led them to the erroneous conclusion
