1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3553
from the Interior to the War Department.
There is a peculiar adaptability in the Interior
Depaitment for the management of this busi-
ness, particularly so far as our Indian affairs
upon the Pacific coast are concerned. Our
relations there with the Indians are confined
principally to the management of their lands,
their farms, and their reservations, and that is
a department of the Government which is pecu-
liarly under the control of the Secretary of the
Inferior. To make the change proposed and
transfer all this business to the military author-
ities, where there is but iittle experience in
relation to these details, would, I think, be
disastrous fit present, and I prefer not to see
it done.
I do not know how far it is contemplated by
the measure now proposed to supersede the
present civil officers, and make military officers
the agents and superintendents. So far as my
own experience goes I know it is difficult to
find details from the Army to fill these offices.
The officers of the Army arc generally engaged,
and their time occupied with business relating
directly to their own profession. The com-
panies, battalions, and regiments stationed on.
the frontier are generally too destitute of
officers to permit of many being detailed for
this service.
'Another great objection to this whole plan
nould be the constant changing of officers.
Fur instance, if a lieutenant or a captain in
command of a post to-day in the vicinity of
Indians should assume the duty of Indian
agent; to-morrow or next week he may be or-
dered to a distant part of the country, and what
advantages he had gained by acquaintance and
familiarity with the Indians is entirely lost to
his successor. A new man comes and assumes
the duties of the office of Indian agent by
virtue of his position in the Army, lie has
everything to learn of the details which are
connected with the transactions of the office.
Why, sir, it requires years for persons to be-
come informed of all the details of the differ-
ent treaties, the laws of Congress regulating
the intercourse with the tribes, and the specific
treaties applicable to particular tribes; the ap-
propriations, the balances of appropriations,
and the proper distribution of annuities, arc
questions which require years of experience to
become familiar with. Our department as at
present organized is in the hands of civilians
who have made this their study, and in most
instances they have become familiar with the
subject. I think that at present the depart-
ment is well managed, and I do not believe
that at this time the proposed change would
be for the benefit of. the country or of the In-
dians, and I trust the amendment will not be
adopted.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will not vote for
this proposition, in the first place, because it
is a proposition to legislate generally upon
an appropriation bill. I think the purpose
of an appropriation bill is to provide means to
carry on the Government, according to existing
laws. It is an unfortunate tiling to legislate in
an appropriation bill. In the second place, I
shall not vote for the measure because I do
not think the bnsinessof managing our Indians
is a military businese; it is a civil duty that is
devolved upon the proper officers. Judging
from the speeches that arc made it would seem
to be a question whether the Indians are to bo
governed by force, or fraud, or both. Now,
sir, that there have been some frtiuds in the
management of our Indian affairs I do not
question; but I think that a comparison of
expenditures of money under Army officers and
under officers connected with the Indian bu-
reau would not be unfavorable to the officers
of the civil bureau, although it might not be
very favorable to either. If we arc to judge
bv ihe charges that have been made during the
last ihe years, we should say there is scarcely
any person to be trusted now connected with
the Indian service or connected with the Army.
I think these charges are exaggerations ; but
J am not going to discuss that. I do not take
it that men in the Army arc any more honest
jyni Gong. 1st Res.:.—Xo. 223.
than they are anywhere else. Men will make
money, it seems, if they have the opportunity
to do so. The only guarantee the paSlic can
have for a faithful expenditure of -money is
that which the law secures.
If we are going to fight the Indians, of course
we ought to place them under the control and
rule of the Army. If that is to be the policy of
the country, that they are simply to be governed
by force, the proposition of the Senator from
Ohio is right; but if we are going to feed them
and educate them as far as we can, and by a
wise and kind policy govern them, then they
ought to be under the control of the Interior
Department. If we are ready to come to the
proposition that the Indians are simply to be
fought, I am in favor of putting them under
the control of the Army; but if we are to exe-
cute treaties fairly and honestly toward the
Indians, treat them, as I think they ought to
be treated, as kindly as we can, preserve them
as long as we can, then I think their manage-
ment ought to bounder somecivil Department
of the Government.
Mr. DOOLITTLB. I think I ought to say
a single word after what has been read by my
honorable friend from Ohio from the statement
of the Cherokees. I understand the fact to be
that when the military officers were about to
retire from Fort Gibson, when we had got
through with the use of them there, they had
large supplies 011 hand, and as they proposed
to retire they were ready to turn over the sup-
plies they had on hand to the Indian depart-
ment; but the Department here knew nothing
of that until the 3d of September, when the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs himself in per-
son was at this place pending the preliminary
negotiations of some treaties, and immediately
the amount of flour which was there 011 hand
held by the War Department was accepted by
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs on behalf
of the Indian department, accepted upon the
terms agreed upon, which are not correctly
stated in the paper from which the Senator has
read. As I am-informed, the amount agreed
upon was the cost of the flour with the trans-
portation added, which amounted to about
$9 50 per hundred; but the flour itself, some
of it, proved to be very bad; it was wormy and
sour. It is but justice to Mr. Sells to state
(because the Indian Committee had occasion
to look into that matter) that the contract which
he entered into as superintendent was a con-
tract for a very small supply, which he deemed
necessary to take with him in going down to
the Indian country to feed them, as it was sup-
posed, to prevent them from actual suffering.
Subsequently the regular contract, which was
entered into afterward, was made in open mar-
ket upon advertisement and bids received just
as all contracts are made in behalf of the Army
as well as in behalf of the Indian department.
1 deem it but just to make this statement.
I do not say that my mind has been entirolv
satisfied in reference to the administration of
Indian affairs in that country, because there
have been undoubtedly some abuses there, as
abuses grow up everywhere where the expend-
iture of money in largo amounts is made.
Contractors make contracts for the purpose of
making money out of the Government beyond
all question. If a steamboat is hired to trans-
port goods or men or anything, the contractor
seeks to make money out of the contract. _ I
happen to have in my hand (and it comes in
here by way of comparison as between the In-
dian Bureau and the War Department on the
score of economy) a letter just received from
iort Sully from' the special Indian commis-
sioner sent to make treaties with the Sioux
Indians. Writing to the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs, he says ;
" We have held consultations with the nine tribes
with whom wo made treaties last fall. We find they
have sull'ertd much during the . 1: hard winter;
some of them have nelnahy starved to death, lint
notwithstanding which they have been very quiet
and observed their treaty stipulations fai'hiully,
which certainly is doinij bettor lhan whire men
would ha.vo done under the same circumstance?.
Some of the tribes were obliged to kill and eat^their
ponies. "We fou^d 011 our arrival at. this place'*
And to this I wish to call the attention of
my honorable friend from Ohio, when com-
paring the economy of war expenses with
Indian expenses—
" We found on our arrival at this place six steam-
boats engaged by the military commandant of this
upper country to transport soldiers, military stores,
horses, and mules to Benton. The prices that_ho
pays per day for steamers vary from b500 to $630. iNow
compare that with the price we pay for our boat"—
This is a boat in the service of the Interior
Department—
"a now boat, too—5330—and perha,ps you will con-
clude that wc did not diiv e to bad a bargain after
all."
This is the reply of the special commissioner
to the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, who, ■
learning that he had chartered a boat at this
sum, was writing to him questioning the pro-
priety of being at such an expense; and by
way of answer, to justify himself, he asked the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs to compare
the price he was paying with what the com-
mandant of the military forces there was pay-
ing for six boats, from five hundred to six hun-
dred and thirty dollars a day each. There is
just this precise difference, when you come to
compare any other Department of the Gov-
ernment with the War Department on the score
of economy : anything done by the military is
all right; it comes out of the great fund of the
commissary department and the quartermas-
ter's department, and we know nothing about
it; but everything done in the Indian depart-
ment requires a special appropriation, into
which we look; and if there is a good contract
made against the Government wo see it. That.
I think, is the great difference.
One thing further I desire to say. When
the Indian Bureau was under the War Depart-
ment we still had our civilian appointments,
superintendents and agents, as wc have them
now: but the next amendment which is pro-
posed by the committee strikes them all out
and substitutes officers of the Army to do the
duties of superintendents and agents.
Mr. SHERMAN. Only when in the opin-
ion of the Secretary of War it is advisable to
do that.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is left to the Secre-
tary of War; and of course, therefore, it au-
thorizes the dispensing with all the civil officers
connected with the Indian service and the sub-
stitution of officers of the Army. Now, Mr.
President, I believe that the great difficulty in
our Indian system grows out of the too frequent
changes in the men who deal with the Indians
in behalf of the Government of the United
Stales. The changing of agents and superin-
tendents is a very great evil; but the changes
of the military officers that come into contact
with them are still more frequent. They are
changed, it may be, from month to month.
Here is a lieutenant in command of a company
to-day in the presence of an Indian tribe at a
post. To-morrow, perhaps, he with that com-
pany iq ordered to another post and a new com-
pany is ordered in. They are constantly, con-
tinually changing. I admit that a man of great
good sense in the command of a military post
in the presence of Indian tribes, if he were
there and to remain there for a considerable
length of time, might obtain the confidence of
the Indians, preserve the peace between the
Indians and the whites and peace among them-
selves. That has been done; and in the Indian
country where troops have to_ be employed,
when a sagacious, prudent officer is 111 com-
mand of them, I have 110 doubt that affairs are
administered well; and so, too, when tliere is
a good asent employed and put in contact with
the Indian tribes, their affairs are well admin-
istered.
It must not be forgotten that there is just, as
much variety among the unions Indian tribes
as can possibly bo imagined. Vliere are ail
shades of difference. There is as much differ-
ence between the Cherokees. Choctaws. and
Cliickasaws of the Indian country, and the
Nez Pcrees of Oregon, and the Indians of the
plains and the Digger Indians of California, as
can possibly be eoneoived. They are very dis-
