1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
:# m
during the rebellion will have been made memorable
in vain.
" Why all this carnageand devastation? It was that
treason might be put down and traitors punished.
Therefore I say that traitors should take a back scat
in the work of restoration. If thero be but five thou-
sand men in Tennessee loyal to the Constitution, loyal
to freedom, loyal to justice, these true and faithful
men should control the work of reorganization and
reformation absolutely. [Loud and prolonged ap-
plause.] I say that the traitor has ceased to be a citi-
zen, and in joining the rebellion hasbocome apublic
enemy. He forfeited his right to vote with loyal men
when he renounced his citizenship and sought to de-
stroy our Government.
"Treason must be made odious, and traitors must
be punished and impoverished. Their great planta-
tions must be seized and divided into small farms,
and sold to honest, industrious men. The day for
protecting the lands and negroes of these authors of
rebellion is past. It is high time it was. I havo been
most deeply pained at some things which have come
under my observation. We get men in command who,
under the influence of flattery, fawning, and caress-
ing, grant protection to the traitor, while the poor
Union man stands out in the cold, often unable to
get a receipt or & voucher for his losses. [Cries of
'That's so. "j"
And I adopt as appropriate, views which I
find elsewhere, stated thus:
"To Congress is solely confided the power and the
duty, 'whenever two thirds of both Houses shall
deem it ncccssary, to propose amendments.' As to
the resort to this power, the opinions of the founders
of tliis Government may well be adduced, Madison
observes (Federalist, No. 43), 'that useful altera-
tions will be suggested by experience, could not but
be foreseen. It was requisite, therefore, that a mode
of introducing them should be provided. The mode
preferred by the Convention seems to be stamped
with every mark of propriety. It guards equally
against the extreme facility which would render the
Constitution too mutable, and that extreme dilli-
culty which might perpetuate its discovered faults/
The fear, when the Constitution was presented to the
American people for their adoption or rejection, was
not a disposition too ready to amend it, but a disin-
clination so to do. In the last number of the Fed-
eralist, Hamilton meets this apprehension, Having
quoted the double mode in which amendments might
be made, he observer, 'Howsoever dilficult it may
be supposed to unite two thirds' of Congress 'or
three fourths of the State Legislatures in amend-
ments which may affect local interests, can thcro bo.
any loom to apprehend any such difficulty inauuion
on points which are merely relative to the general
liberty or security of the people?' It is a bold thing
to say, in the present state of this country, after a
battle, as it were, of the Titans, and such a battle,
that amendments 'relative to the general liberty
and security of the people' are not demanded.
"It is the more bold, it might be termed audacious,
to say this, when we know that the very contingen-
cies to which the article of the Constitution provid-
ing a mode for amendments expressly points, have
arisen; and, as the fruit of that great battle, s>lav ery
is abolished throughout this fair land."
I would not now carelessly, or hastily, or for
anything less than re'asons of the highest ne-
cessity; make changes in the Constitution. But
that some changes are alike just and necessary
has been demonstrated beyond controversy.
That the basis of representation and direct
taxes should be changed has been proven so
clearly that none can doubt but those who
would reward traitors with a premium of po-
litical power for their treason.
That the r£bcl debt should be repudiated,
State and confederate, has been declared by
the President. That there must be some se-
curity for the future, the lessons of the past
should teach us.
Slavery, that compound of every wrong
which man can inflict upon man, I know is
dead, but its spirit still lives, and not until its
gliobl shall be buried will there be enduring
peace in the land.
Its allies are already dictating terms to us,
and prescribing our duties, with their rebel uni-
forms not yet laid aside.
The organized body calling itself the Legis-
lature of Virginia have quite recently resolved:
"That Virginia will not voluntarily consent to
change the adjustment of political power as fixed
by the Constitution of the United States."
And in the same resolve it is declared that—
"To do so" * * * * "would be an
unjustifiable breach of faith."
And all this simply means that by.the Con-
stitution as it is, Virginia, with a population
one third of which is colored but disfranchised,
insists that her white rebels, shall have twelve
Representatives, one third of them apportioned
to her coloredjjppulation, thereby giving every
two voters in Virginia as much political power
as three voters in Ohio.
39th Cokg. 1st Suss.—No. 103.
Of course, she will not voluntarily consent
to do political justice^ That has notbegn her
mission for the last few years. And with un-
paralleled impudence she is dictating to us the
terms of her return to political p<3wer befor^
she has any status to give her any right to rep-
resentation here.
The men who for years waged a war to de-
stroy the Government have no right to a share
in reconstructing it. They should be content
to share its rights, benefits, and blessings when
it is restored and reconstructed.
This is the simple lesson taught us in that
famous speech of the President, in which he
declared "that traitors should take a back
seat in the work of&restoration."
The right of Virginia to dictate terms of
restoration or prescribe our duties may be seen
from the ilstatement of a few important facts
bearing upon the admission of the Virginia-
delegation to the Congress of the United
States," which I find thus presented to us:
" Besides the well-known facts connected with tho
original reorganization of the Virginia State govern-
ment at Wheeling, in 1801, the separation of West
Virginia, and tho removal of Governor Peirpoint,
'with his carpet-bag,''to Alexandria, in 1803, a few
events have transpired since the latter date which it
is very important for Congress to know bcfoie it
settles tho Virginia question, and which it will be
the object of this paper briefly to narrate.
"On the 21st day of December, 1863, the General
Assembly passed an act calling a State convention to
amend the constitution of Virginia, and providing for
the election of its members. This convention: met at
Alexandria, February 13, and on the 7th of
April following adopted a new State constitution,
which from that date has been the organic law of
the State.
" The following provisions were adopted in^hat
convention:
" 'Article IV.
"'Sec, 1. Tho legislative power of this Common-
wealth shall be vested in a General Assembly, which
shall consist of a Senate and House of Delegates.
'"Sec. 3. The House of Delegates shall consist of
not less than eighty ar>4of not more than onehundred
and four members. The Senate shall never be less
than one fourth nor more than one third the number
of the House of Delegates.
"'Sec. 8.' * : > * 4 A majority of the
members elected to each House shall constitutes
quoium to do business, but a smaller number may
adjourn from day to day, and shall be authorized to
compel the attendance of absent members in such
•manner and under such penalty as each House may
provide.'
"Since this constitution was adopted, there have
been three sessions of the General Assembly; a Reg-
ular session commencing December 3, 1864, an extra
session commencing June 21,1805, and a regular ses-
sion commencing December f, 1805, and not yet
closed. At the first regular session and the extra
session the House consisted of fourteen members and
the Senate of six. No more weic elected, or could
bo as matters then existed. ,
"Was the 'Legislature' which met December 3,
1804, and June 21, 1805, a legal Legislature under the
Alexandria constitution? Have its acts any legal
force or validity whatever?
"Now, those acts,if illegal,have plunged the State
into difficulties from which no power but Congress
can relievo it, and it does not clearly appear how
even Congress can relieve it otherwise than by ignor-
ing its so-called 'restored government,' and organ-
izing it anew.
" The mischief hnsheen introduced bv the extension
of the rights of suffrage and of holding office, be-
yond their former limits, by an act of the fourteen
delegates and six senators at tho extra session of
June 21,1865.
"The Alexandria constitution had prescribed the
qualification of voteis and office-holders, as follows :
" 'Article III.
"'Qualification of Voters.
" '1. Every white malecitizeu of tho Commonwealth,
of the age of twenty-one yoa&s, who has been a resi-
dent of the State for one year,-and of the county,
city, or town where he offers to vote for six months
next preceding an olection, and who has paid all
taxes assessed to him after the adoption of this con-
stitution, under the laws of the Commonwealth after
the reorganization of the county, city, or town where
he offers to vote, shall be qualified to vote for mem-
bers of the General Assembly, and all officers elective
by the people: Provided, however, That no one shall
be allowed to vote who, when he offers to vote, shall
not thereupon take, or shall not before have taken,
the following oath : " I do solemnly swear (or affirm)
that I will support the Constitution of the United
States and tho laws made in pursuance thereof, as
the supreme law of the land, anything in the consti-
tution and laws of the State ot Virginia, or in the
ordinances of tho convention which assembled at
Richmond on the 13th day of February, 1801, to the
contrary notwithstanding; and that I will uphold
and defend tho government of Virginia as restored
by the convention which assembled at Wheeling on
the 11th day of June, 1801, and that I have not since
the 1st day of January, 186-1, voluntarily given aid or
assistance, in any way, to thor-e in rebellion against
the Government of the United States for the purpose
of promoting the same/' But the Legislature shall
have power to pass an act dr acts prescribing meariV
by which persons who have been disfranchised by
this provision shall or may be restored io' tho rights
of voterswhen in their opinion it will besafc to do^so.
Any person falsely so swearing shall'besufrje6£tot|ie
penalties of perjury. , - - '
"/No person shall hold any office under this consti-
tution who shall not have taken and subscribe tho
oath aforesaid. But no person shall vote or hold of-
fice under this constitution who has held office undtffr
the so-eallod confederate government,"or under any
rebellious State government, or who has been a mem-
ber of the so-callcd confederate congress, or a member
of any State Legislature in rebellion against tho au-
thority of the United States, excepting therefrom
county ofiicers.?
" In June, 1865, the fourteen delegates and six sen-
ators, styling themselves a ' General Assembly,' evi-
dently tlrinkingithad become 'safetodoso,' restored
tho porsons who were disfranchised by the necessity oX
taking theoath required in article three, section one,
to the rights of voters. If they were a Legislature at
all, they were authorized to do this, because tho con-
stitution had expressly given them the power to do it.
But the constitution had given them no power what-
ever to change the qualifications for office-holding, or
to removo the disability upon both voting and office-
holding. resulting 4 from having held offico under the
so-called confederate government, or under any re-
bellious State.government/ or from having 'been
a member of the so-called confederate congress, or &
member of any State Legislature in rebellion against !
the authority of the United States, excepting there-
from county officers.' The Alexandria constitution
Srovides that * no person,'under any of these disa-
llilies, 'shall vote or hold office' in the State, ex-
cepting county ofliceis.
"The twenty delegates and senators, however, un-
dertook to amend the constitution themselves, so as
to remove all these disabilities. It was a sore trouble
to these gentlemen that a single rebel should be de-
nied a 'right' to which anybody else was entitled,
or that any discrimination should bo made which
placed aloyal man in a better situation than a rebel.
So they assumed for themselves tho authority of a
constitutional convention, and enacted the following
laws: *
Chapter VI.—An act proscribing means by which
persona who have been disfranchised by the third
article of the constitution may be restored to tho
rights of voters. Passed June 22,1S65.
"' Whereas, in the opinion of this General Assembly
the Lime has arrived when it would bo safe and ex-
pedient to restore to the rights of voters certain per- *
sons who are disfranchised by the provisions of tho
thiidarticlcottlicconstitutionot Virginia. Now,for
the purpose of restoring such persons,
" 'Sec. 1. Be it enacted by the General Assembly of Vir-
ginia, That every person possessing in other respects
the qualifications of a voter, under tho constitution
and laws of the  St<ito, who-has taken, or shall here-
after take, the oath prescribed by the amnesty proc-
lamation of the President ot the United States of tho
29th of May, 18(35, which oath is in the following
words, to wit: "X do solemnly swear (or affirm) in
the presence of Almighty God, that I will henceforth
faithfully suppoit. protect, and defend the Constitu-
tion of the United States, and the Union of the States *
thereunder, and that I will, in like manner, abide by
and faithfully support all laws and proclamations
which have been made during the existing rebellion
with reference to the emancipation of slaves;" and
an oath to uphold and defend the government of
Virginia, restored by the convention which assembled
at Wheeling on the 11th of June, 1861, which oatk is
in the following words: "Ido solemnly swear (or af- 0
firm) that I will uphold and defend the government
of Virginia as restored by tho convention which as-
sembled at Wheeling onthe 11th day of June, 1861;"
shall be entitled and qualified to vote for members of
the General Assembly, and ail officers elective by the
people, subjcct always to the laws in regard to voters
and voting not inconsistent with this act: Provided,
however, That the persons excluded by the terms of
the said proclamation fiomthe benefits thereof, ex-
cepting those embraced in the thirteenth class of such
excluded persons, shall not be entitledorqualifrcd to
vote as afoiesaid, unless pardoned by the President,
as provided for by said proclamation.
" * Sec. 2. Thisactshallbein force from its passage.
"' Chapter L—An act to provide for the amendment
of the third article of the constitution. Passed Juno
21, 1865.
"' Sec.1. Be it enacted by the General Assembly of Vir-
ginia, That the Governor of this Commonwealth is
hereby authorized to submit to the qualified voters of
this State, at the next election for members of Con-
gress and of the General Assembly, tho Question,
"Shall the next General Assembly be clothed wita
power to alter or amend the third article of the con-
stitution?" And if a majority of the votes so cast
shall bo, in favor of vesting such power in the General
Assembly, the Governor shall communicate the result
to that bodv at its next session: Provided, however.
That the Governor shall give at least thirty ""days
notice of the submission of said question, and saau
at the same time prescribe tho mode and manner of'
taking the vote thereon. ^ . ,
"'Sec. 2. This act shall bo in force from its passage.'
"It is needless to say that the act was ratified by
'the people/ by an 'overwhelming majority, and
it is equally needless to say that the act was in itself
entirely illegal, whatever the legality of the Legisla-
ture proposing it. For. in Virginia, the constitution
must be amended.by a State convention, called for
the purpose by act of the Legislature. There is no
express provision for this mode of amendment, but
having always been tho mode employed in changing
the organic law of the State, wo submit that it cannot
