3554
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July
tinct from each other. There is as much "and
more difference between themasthereisbetween
the wild Apaches of New Mexico and the Pue-
blos of New Mexico, and there is just as much
difference between wolves and sheep as there
is between these tribes of Indians. The Pue-
blos have lived and live now just where they
were found when the Spaniards first discovered
this continent, living in their villages, at peace
with the surrounding tribes, while the Apache
is still the same wild nomad -that he was when
the Spaniards first discovered the country,
although they live in immediate proximity to
each other. For this reason it requires Indian
agents of judgment and experience. I grant
that from our changing our agents from time
to time, we perhaps do not administer Indian
affairs as well as they are administered in the
British Provinces. The great difference is this:
in the British Provinces an Indian agent is ap-
pointed substantially for life; he goes to his
tribe, takes charge of its affairs, and after hav-
ing served faithfully twenty or twenty-five years
he is pensioned for the remainder of his life.
But with us changes are frequent; they are
made oftentimes for political reasons or for
political services that have been rendered, and
that is the difficulty in the system, I admit.
You will not, however, avoid those difficulties
by changing the bureau from the Interior to the
War Department, because agents and superin-
tendents will still be appointed, and the dan-
ger is that they may be changed from time to
time hereafter as they have been heretofore.
1 hope wo may enter upon a better policy in
this respect; that if we find a good, faitliful,
Indian agent or superintendent we may con-
tinue him in the office from term to term and
make it his life's business, his profession, his
ambition.
Mr. NESMITH. I move to amend the pend-
ing amendment by striking out the word "not,"
in the twelfth line of the fourth section, and
striking out all after the word "appointees,"
in the thirteenth lino, so as to require the offi-
cers of the Army designated as Indian agents
and superintendents to give bonds, as now
required of civil appointees.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The pending amend-
ment is the third section, which provides simply
for the transfer.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment suggested by the Senator from Oregon is
to a section not yet before the Senate. The
question now is on the amendment proposed
by the Committee on Finance as the third sec-
tion of the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That amendment pre-
sents a very important question. This transfer,
in my judgment, ought riot to be made without
serious consideration and a full knowledge of
all the facts involved in the change. That
so important a proposition should be presented
to us upon the Indian appropriation bill, which
attracts very little attention at any time, and
when the Senate, as is the case here to-day,
consists of barely a quorum, very few paying
attention to the subject under consideration, is,
in my judgment, to be regretted. I think that
a change of this sort should not be made with-
out understanding from the Interior Depart-
ment and the War Depaitment specifically
the reasons for it and what is to be gained by
the change. Our Indian affairs have recently
been very much disturbed by the war. Wo
have at this time at the head of the Interior
Department, under the control of which our
Indian affairs now are, a gentleman in whom
we all have the fullest confidence.
Mr. FESSENDEN. How long do.you sup-
pose he will remain there?
Mr. TRUMBULL. He may remain there
just as long as the Secretary of War may re-
main in his position. I am not speaking with
reference to his permanent continuance there;
it was in another view, as the Senator from
Maine, if he had waited a moment, would have
seen, that I spoke in reference to him. This
gentleman is familiar with our Indian matters.
When a member of this body, for some eight
or ten years he was an active member of the
Committee on Indiarr Affairs. He has paid
very great attention to this particular branch
of the public service, and, in my judgment, is
now placing the conduct of our Indian affairs
in a, better condition than it has ever been
placed in before. He is looking more closely
to this branch of the public service. I think
he understands it far better than any other
head of a Department in the Government. If
the expenses are now large, if the treaties re-
cently negotiated are numerous, it arises out
of the fact of the disturbed condition of the
country, of the war which has disturbed our
Indian relations.
Now, sir, at a time like this, when we have
®ur Indian affairs under the control of a person
•in whom we have the greatest confidence, when
numerous treaties have recently been nego-
tiated, without any recommendation from the
Department, hastily upon an appropriation bill,
at the suggestion of a committee not charged
by the Senate with looking particularly into
Indian affairs, are we prepared to make this
radical change and to take these uncultivated
Indians, whom the religious community and
the enlightened people of the United States
have been struggling to Christianize, to edu-
cate, and to elevate for years, out from all
these influences and simply control them by
militax-y power, place them under the bayonet?
Why, sir, the great expenses of this Govern-
ment connected with the administration of In-
dian affairs have grown out of the wars with
the Indians. I will not say that these wars
were inaugurated because the military had
control of Indian affairs in times of peace.
Perhaps they were a necessity that could not
have been avoided; but we do know that some
of the most expensive Indian wars, which have
cost many millions to the Government, have
been recklessly, and many of us think need-
lessly. brought upon the country by the hasty
and inconsiderate action of subordinate military
officers.
The tendency for the last few years, Mr. Pres-
ident, has been to a concentration of power
in the hands of the military. They have con-
trolled of necessity a large portion of the coun-
try for the last five years, in civil matters as
well as military matters. Half the territorial
extent of the Union already has been under
the complete control of the military, and the
tendency is to concentrate power in the hands
of the military. Now, sir, when we have
peace, when our Indian affairs are being man-
aged, as I have said before, by a person in
whom we have the utmost confidence, I think
it is the wrong time inconsiderately to make
such a change as (his. I think it will shock
the enlightened intelligence of this nation to say
to them that all these Indian tribes, in which
our religious denominations in different parts
of the country have taken an interest, in which
liberal-minded men have taken an interest, are
to be taken out from under the control of the
civil authorities and placed entirely under the
control of the military.
What are the reasons that are given for it?
It is said that it will be less expensive to man-i
age them by the military, and my friend from'
Ohio brings in here and reads to the Senate,
as a reason for making this change, an abuse
in the purchase of some flour at Port Gibson,
if it be an abuse, and says that a large price
was paid for that flour. If the Senator from
Ohio will look at the purchases made by Army
officers, he can find many abuses. Ho can find
where they bought rocks for hay, where they
paid for hundreds and thousands of cords of
wood that were never delivered, where grain
and forage paid for as in good condition were
utterly worthless, where garments purchased
for your soldiers were of rotten cloth and good
for nothing. But, sir, that would afford but
little reason for changing the whole organiza-
tion and control of the Army; and the Sena-
tor from Ohio will permit me to say that this
e\ idence that he has got in reference to the
purchase at Fort Gibson, I presume, comes
from one of the parties who are having a con-
troversy in the Cherokee countrg. • There were
before the Committee on Indian Affairs the
representatives of what is known as the Ross
party and the representatives of the other party,
formerly known as the Ridge party, and they
disagreed totally in their statements. These
different parties have employed attorneys, and
I am told that these attorneys receive very
large fees for appearing before committees of
Congress and endeavoring to advance the views
of the particular tribe which employs them. I
do not speak of this to the discredit of or as
any reflection on the attorneys. It is their
business to appear as counsel for clicnts who
employ them ; but they represent the case of
their clients in the best view they can consist-
ently with the facts; and I have no doubt that
much of this information which has affected
the mind of the Senator from Ohio has come
through paid attorneys, paid thonsands of dol-
lars to accomplish a particular object. There
are two parties of the Cherokees, unfriendly
and hostile to each other, unwilling to unite
together to make a treaty, one party setting up
that they cannot live with the other, and that
they must have a separate treaty; the other
party insisting that there must be a treaty for
the whole nation, and they being in a major-
ity, as the minority say, will control the mi-
nority unjustly and encroach upon their rights.
I will not undertake to decide who is right or
who is wrong at this time. I speak of it merely
to place before the Senate the fact that the
statements of interested parties are to betaken
with many grains of allowance.
We all know, sir, that under the manage-
ment of the military Department of this Gov-
ernment business is not carried on in the most
economical way. Suppose the Senator from
Ohio were to institute an investigation to know
what this Capitol has cost and how the work
upon it has been done under the military De-
partment of the Government, or were to look
into the expense of constructing* the Wash-
ington acjueduet, I wonder if he would not be
able to find that much more money had been
expended than was really necessary to accom-
plish the work which has been done. Why,
sir, it is notorious that a public work erected
by the Government through the military De-
partment costs an extravagant price; and I
know no reason to suppose that the public
business of the country can be carried on more
cheaply through the War than through the In-
terior Department. As was very justly re-
marked by the Senator from Wisconsin, we
make our appropriations for the Army in the
lump, by the tons and the hundreds of millions
of dollars. Instead of appropriating a few
thousand dollars, ten, twenty, or thirty thou-
sand, as the case may be, to take supplies to
an Indian tribe up the Missouri river, we
appropriate $30,000,000 for transportation
purposes of the Army. Whenever the Army
needs to move supplies up the Missouri river
it charters boats at $000 a day or $700 a day,
and nothing is ever said or thought about it;
but if an Indian agent charters a boat at half
that price, the matter is inquired into. None
of us ever know the details of the expenditures
in the War Department.
There has come to my knowledge, in con-
nection with Indian affairs, within a few days,
upon the Indian Committee, a fact which I will
state. The War Department has had control
of a tribe of Indians known as the Navajoes
for the last two or three years. We had a war
with them. Oar armies captured them, placed
them in a certain locality, and have been guard-
ing them for several years, at an expense last
year of more than twelve hundred thousand
dollars for feeding and taking care of thorn.
The Secretary of War applied to the Secretary
of the Interior to take charge of those Indians.
The War Department wishes to got rid of them ;
and the Secretary of the Interior has sent in an
estimate of the amount it would cost that De-
partment to take care of the Navajoes for the
next year; and how much do you think it is?
About seven hundred thousand dollars. I
cannot give the exact figures, but it is more
than half a million less than it cost the War
