2594
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
that some additional statutory enactments were
necessary to prevent that condition of things.
I have no doubt, from the knowledge I have
of these affairs that has come to me now for a
series of years, that what I state is really the
condition of the ease, that the law is sufficient
already for the punishment of the crime; but
that, as long as the reward is so great for com-
promising crime you cannot punish any per-
son. Now, the question is whether you shall
make your laws unnecessarily vindictive and
throw the burden of proof, in the trial of a
person, upon him, when under the law, as it
exists, no sufficient effort has ever been made
to convict.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the words "in
cases of seizure" from the words which the
amendment proposes to insert.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to ; there being, on a division—ayes
18, noes 9.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I now move to strike out
the whole.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is the very ques-
tion now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If it is proper to amend
the amendment reported by the Committee of
the Whole, in one respect it is in all. Now,
I move to amend the pending amendment by
striking; out the words " and the guilty knowl-
edge of the defendant, when convicted of the
fact, shall be presumed unless he or she shall
prove the contrary;" and also the provision
that the burden of proof shall lie upon the
defendant where probable cause is shown.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to the Sen-
ator that he will meet it more simply by just
taking the vote on concurrence with the amend-
ment made in Committee of the Whole. If
that be rejected, if we do not concur, then he
can move to strike out the words which may
remain.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If that is the whole of
the proposition it is the same question.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If we reject the amend-
ment a motion can be made to strike out the
original words, and in that way he can put
all out.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If I correctly understand
the present question it is on agreeing to the
amendments reported'by the Committee of the
Whole, and one of those amendments reported
by the Committee of the Whole has just been
amended by striking therefrom the words which
the Senator from Maine [Mr. Morrill] pro-
posed to strike out. Now, having agreed to
that, the amendment reported by the commit-
tee or what remains of it meets my disapproval
decidedly. I entirely agree with the Senator
from Maryland that it ought not to be adopted
as it now stands. If that is the whole of the
amendment we can take the question just as
well upon agreeing or disagreeing to the amend-
ment. Is that the whole of the amendment
now pending?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands it to be the whole of the amend-
ment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I ask for the yeas
and nays on the adoption of the amendment.
Mr. HENDERSONS Is it in order to amend
that portion by moving to strike out the same
matter and insert other matter?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheSenator
"will state his amendment.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to strike out
the whole of the matter in this section after
the word and," in line thirteen, and to in-
sert :
. ^11 cases where it is proved that any person has
impoirc(] or brought into tile United States, or assisted
m so domsr, any goods, wares or merchandise con-
trary to law, and m cases where any person shall
rei'Oivc. eoaC'cal, buy, or sell any such goods, wares,
or merchandise contrary to law, it shall he presumed
tuat such person had gmUy knowledge of such viola-
turn of Jaw, aiul tho burilen oi showing the contrary
shall be upon -tho party &o offending..
Mr. MORRILL. I do not suppose it is in
order to move that at this time. The question,
I think, must be on concurrence in the amend-
ment made as in Committee of the \yhole( as
amended ; but if I understand the amendment
of the Senator from Missouri, it does not differ j
materially from tho amendment proposed by j
ihe committee. I
Mr. HENDERSON. The difference is this: S
my amendment declares that upon the estab j
lishment of a fact a presumption shall arise ; ;
whereas as it now stands it, leaves to the court
at any stage of the proceedings to declare that
the defendant is guilty and that it devolves on
him to show his innocence. My amendment
establishes a rule, instead of leaving it entirely
in the breast of the court.
Mr. MORRILL. I understand it to be sub-
stantially this, that provided the Government
shall establish the fact of the illegal importa-
tion or the fact that aid and assistance were
given to facilitate the transportation, then upon
the proof of those facts the inference of guilt
shall follow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks the amendment of the Senator from
Missouri is not in order at this time, as it pro-
poses to strike out that which has been partly
concurred in and partly not concurred in, and
the very question is whether the Senate will
concur in that portion.
Mr. HENDERSON. I withdraw it for the
present
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is, Will the Senate concur in the amendment
made as in Committee of the Whole, as
amended ?
Mr. HOWE called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered ; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 25, nays 15 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Cragin, Creswell, Pcs-
senden, Foster, Grimes, Guthrie, Howard, Kirkwood,
Lane of Kansas, Morgan, Morrill, Nye, Pomeroy,
Ramsey, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Stunner, Van
Winkle, Wade, Willcy, "Williams, Wilson, and
Yates—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Conness, Davis, Dixon,
Doohttle, Edmunds, Harris, Henderson, Hendricks,
Howe, Johnson, McDougall, Norton, Poland, and
Trumbull—15.
ABSJKJJ X—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Clark, Cowan,
Lsme of Indiana, Nesmith, Riddle, Saulsbury, and
Wright-!).
So the amendment as amended was con-
curred in.
The next excepted amendment was in sec-
tion seven, line three, after the word "days,"
to insert "after the facts shall come to their
knowledge;" so that the section shall read:
That it shall be the duty of the several collectors
of customs to report, within ten days after the facts
shall come to their knowledge, to the district attor-
ney of the district in which any fine, or peisonal pen-
alty may be incurred for the violation of any law of
the United States relating to the revenue, a state-
ment of all tho facts and circumstances, Sea.
Mr. EDMUNDS. As the law now stands, if
I correctly understand it, it is the duty of the
collector of customs or other customs officer
making a seizure to report that seizure to the
district attorney within ten days after the,seiz-
ure in order that proceedings may be instituted
against the property, when the claimant may,
by giving bail or other security, receive his
property from the officer, and a trial may be
had. This amendment proposes to change
that law, and to only make it the duty of the
collector to report to the district attorney after
the facts come to his knowledge. That means
all the facts, I take it; and he may therefore
postpone making a report to the district attorney
as long as in his discretion it may seem to be
desirable. The consequence will be that the
district attorney cannot take any proceedings
against the property until he gets this report,
and the claimant cannot take any proceedings
or steps whatever to recover the possession of
the property until that is done. In my judg-
ment, it is giving too large a discretion to the
collector of customs to effect a purpose of that
description. I hope, therefore, that this amend-
ment will not be concurred in, in order that
it may be made the duty of the collector or
the informing officer to report to the district
attorney within a definite time after the seizure,
as the law is now.
Mr. MORRILL. I am satisfied that the
senator is right, and that the amendment is
obnoxious to the difficulties he suggests, and
I hope it will be stricken out. I did not so
understand it at first.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I ask the permission
of the Senate to call up, with a view to its read-
ing, the veto message received some time since
from the Executive.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let us finish this hill
first. We can dispose of it in five minutes.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I only desire to have
the message read, which should be done at once
out of respect to the Executive, and then it can
be ordered to be printed and go over until to-
morrow.
■ Mr. MORRILL. Let us dispose of this hill
before taking that up. We shall be through in
a very short time.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Very well.
The next excepted amendment was to strike
out the nineteenth section of the bill in the fol-
lowing words:
Sec. 19. And be it further enacted. That nothing in
this act contained shall be taken to abridge or limit
any forfeiture, penalty, fine, liability, orremedy pro-
vided for or existing under any law now in force.
Mr. MORRILL. That section, I am in-
clined to think, on further reflection, ought to
remain. It was stricken out after the bill was
sent to the committee, and the committee gave
their assent to striking it out; but since action
was taken on striking it out yesterday, I have
been to the Treasury Department, and I am
afraid that, if that section is stricken out cer-
tain rights of the Government in forfeitures
and penalties which have been provided for in
former acts will be impaired. No harm can
arise from its being in the bill, and it is safest,
on the whole, I think, to allow the section to
stand. I therefore hope that the Senate will
not concur in the amendment striking out that
section.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I agree with my friend
from Maine that the section ought not to be
stricken out, but I suggest to him whether it
would not be well to add "except as herein
otherwise specially provided." so as to guard
against any double forfeitures or double pen-
alties.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That can be done after- '
ward. Let us non-concur first in the amend-
ment to strike out the section, and then the
Senator can amend it.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I now move to amend
this nineteenth section by adding the words,
"except as herein otherwise specially pro-
vided."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next excepted amendment was in sec-
tion thirty-three, line seventeen, after the
word "when" to insert the word "any;" and
also to strike out the letter "s" in the word
"officers;" in line nineteen to strike out the
word "make" and insert "'furnishinformation
to he collector leading to a;" inline twenty to
strike out the final " s" in the word "seizures;"
and also to strike out the word "they" and
insert the word "he;" and in line twenty-one
after the word "distribution" to insert the
words "with such collector, naval officer, or
surveyor;" so that the proviso will read:
Provided, That when any officer of the customs,
other than tho collector, naval officer, or surveyor,
shall furnish information to the collector leading
to a seizure he shall be entitled to an equal share of
the distribution with such collector, naval officer, or
surveyor.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to make a single
statement about that provision and the eff'cct
of it. As the law now is, one half the money
arising from seizures is distributed among the
collector, surveyor, and naval officer.
Mr. JOHNSON. Equally?
Mr. MORRILL. Yes, sir; one half of the
whole seizure is distributed among those offi-
cers. As it has been amended, this proviso is
that the one half shall he divided between the
collector, naval officer, or surveyor, and any
other officer of the. customs furnishing the infor-
mation leading to the seizure, and that would
include appraisers, measurers, &c., which is
said to be against the policy of the law. On
