1866.
.THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
nor "color" in our history politically or civilly
—not a bit of it. Is there any "color" or
"race" in the Declaration of Independence,
allow me to ask? "All men are created equal'!
excludes the idea of race or color or caste.
There never was in the history of this country
, any other distinction than lhatof condition, and
"ft was all founded on condition.
We have been told, Mr. President, that this
.question of race was clearly recognized and
^.settled in a case that was before the Supreme
Cpurt some years ago—the Dred Scott case so
called. I will read from that case. I read first
from the syllabus of it: "A free negro of the
African race, whose ancestors were brought to
this country and sold as slaves, is not a ' citi-
zen ' within the meaning of the Constitution of
the United States," not on account of his race
or on account of his color, but on account of
his condition. The point of the decision is that
an African who was brought into this country
and sold as a slave was not an American citi-
zen. The Chief Justice in delivering the opin-
ion of the court in that case, after quoting the
language of the Declaration of Independence,
" We hold these truths to be self-evident, that
all men are created equal," &c., proceeds to
say:
"The general words above quoted would seem to
embrace the whole human family, and if they were
'used in a similar instrument at this day would be so
understood. But it is too clear for dispute that the
enslaved African race were not intended to be in-
cluded."
Not the colored man, not the African as a
race, but "the enslaved African race," he says,
" were not intended to be included, and formed
no part of the people who framed and adopted
this Declaration." On what ground? Simply,
I repeat, on the ground of their condition, be-
cause they were not in a condition to take part
in the Government of the country. Further on
the same idea is repeated in this language:
"No one of that race had ever migrated to theUni-
ted States voluntarily; all of them had been brought
here as articles of merchandise. The number that had
been emancipated at thatytime were but few in com-
parison with those held 111 slaveiy, and they were
identified in the public mind with the race to which
they belonged, ancl regarded as a part of the slave
population rather than the free."
Further on the same sentiment is repeated
again:
"Indeed, when we look to the condition ot this race
in the several States at the time, it is impossible to
believe that these rights and privileges wore intended
to be extended to them,"
Why? On account of their condition, not on
account of their race.
Mr. President, although to repeat, what I said
in the beginning, I attach no importance to the
declaration of this amendment as a matter of
law, as a matter of enactment, giving legislative
force or legislative sanction to this bill, I do hail
it as the grandest declaration iii all time as a
legislative act, and I congratulate the chairman
of the Committee on the Judiciary that it has
fallen to his good fortune to be the instrument
for the introduction of such a declaration.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Dooi.rr-
tle in the chair.) The question is on agieeing
to the amendment of the Senator from Illinois,
upon which the yeas and nays have been or-
dered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask for the reading of
the amendment.
The Secretary read the amendment.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator from
Minnesota and the Senator from California
yesterday made some objections to regarding as
citizens of the United States Indians who owed
no allegiance whatever to their tribes, who
were not connected with the tribes. 1 should
like very much to hear the reason of the objec-
tion. the State, as I understand, can exclude
them from the ballot-box just as well after we
declare them to be citizens of the United States
as it could before. The State will not be com-
pelled thereby to admit them to the ballot-box.
What objection can the Senators have to de-
claring Indians living in the country, although
they ;;!')/ i ,I lie taxed, to be citizens ol the
United Srates?
Mr. RAMSEY. Our objection has been over-
come by the modification of the amendment.
The objection was addressed to the amendment
as it then stood, but that amendment has now
been modified.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator will un-
derstand me as objecting to the amendment as 1
it now stands. An individual of the Caucasian j
race, whether he pays a tax in a State or not, i
is undoubtedly regarded as a citizen of theUni-
ted States. Why make it obligatory upon the
Indian, owing no allegiance to any tribal au-
thority, to pay a tax before he can be regarded
as a citizen of the United States? As the Sen-
ator from Indiana [Mr. Hendricks] very prop- '
erly remarked, the United States citizenship in
that caste is dependent upon nothing except the
possession of property upon which a tax is act-
ually paid. 1 suppose that according to the
rule adopted in the amendment, a State ought
to be permitted to exclude any white man from
taxation, and by so doing to deny him the rights
of citizenship. Why not?
My point is that the Indian, if he is connected
with no tribe, whether he is taxed or not, ought
to be a citizen of the United States. What harm
can there be in declaring that fact? What in-
jury can it do ? I ask the Senator from Minne-
sota. The State need not admit him to the
franchise. He may be a citizen of the United
States, and yet not have all the privileges and
all the immunities of a citizen of the State in
which he may be. The State may deny him
any of them that it chooses to deny. But why
not declarc liim a citizen of the United States?
.What harm can there be in that? It will en-
able him to sue in the courts of the United States
to enforce his rights there, and I cannot see for
my part what else it will do. As the Constitu-
tion now stands, of course the State cannot be
injured in any of its reserved powers.
It can certainly do none of the States any
harm to declare that the Indian himself, owing
no allegiance to any tribe, and thereby not fall-
ing within the exception of the amendment as j
owing allegiance quasi to a foreign Power, (re- j
garding the Indian tribes as foreign Powers,)
separated from the tribe, shall be regarded as a j
citizen of the United States. 1 have heard no
reason yet, and I desire to hear it if there lie
any. I am opposed to the amendment as it now
stands, for the reason that it does make an ex-
ception. Now that we are fixing the law on
the subject, why not declare every man born
in the United States to be a citizen of the Uni-
ted States, irrespective of race or previous con-
dition? Is there any objection to it?
You may declare him a citizen of the United
States without doing any harm, as I before
stated, and why not do it? Why not make the
rule general? You propose to declare that all
the negroes are citizens. I say that is perfectly
right, though I do not deem it necessary so to
declare by this amendment, because I think that
is the case already. I do not choose, however,
to enter into any argument on that point. I
hold that every man born within the United
States, and who has been liberated by the con-
stitutional amendment, is a citizen of the Uni-
ted States. I shall not now go into an argu-
ment in regard to the powers of the States, to
consider whether the. States may not deny all
the privileges and rights ol State citizenship to
the negro. I am speaking only of this privi lege
of each individual, as I hold, to be a citizen of
the United States; audi can see no reason op-
erating against the Indian. The negroof Geor-
gia to-dav, whether lie pays a tax or not, is
declared to lie a citizen of the bnited States.^
Why not? lie may pay no tax to the State ot
Georgia; but should that fact deprive him ol
the privilege of being a citizen of the United
States? Was he not bora here? Does he owe
any allegiance to a foreign Power? _ Is lie not
bound to bear arms in defense of his country?
Certainly lie is. Canuot the State of California
or Minnesota, where the Indian is living among
the whites, owing no tribal allegiance, compel
him to bear arms in defense of the State and
the United Status? Unquestionably so. Why
not, then, make him a citizen of the United
States?
Shall Georgia, or'Florida, orYirginia; or any
other State, have the power to say, ought it be
allowed to say, " We will not tax the negroes,
-and thereby nullify the declaration- of the Uni-
ted States Congress that they are citizens oftt&e
United States?" ! If the mere faetof paying a
•tax in the respective States shall confer cifeeii-
ship, why not make that applicable to the negro
as well as the Indian ?• Is there' any reason for ^
the discrimination? Why discriminate''wh«n
laying down a great and broad principle ? • Why
not make it general and universal ? There is no
reason in the world why it should-not be so.
We give these Indians in the States no rights
that the States may ehooke to deny to them
by simply declaring the universal fact. Let us
make it universal.  •
The original proposition of the Senator from
Illinois was correct. What do you mean by
I' Indians not taxed ?" Do you mean not taxed
by State authority, or not taxed by Federal
authority? If one of these Indians in Minne-
sota owns property, whether the State taxes
him or not, are you not going to tax him by
Federal authority? If he executes an instru-
ment there, must he not procure a revenue
stamp and use it just as anybody else ? If he
has an income, does not the United States as-
sessor assess the income of that Indian in Min-
nesota just exactly as he assesses the income
of the white man ? Why then not give him
the rights' of United States citizenship if he is
not connected with a tribe and thereby quasi a
foreigner owing allegiance to a quasi foreign
Power? I do not understand that this discritti-
ination can be rightfully or properly made, and
therefore I am opposed to it unless I can' hear
some better reason given ■ for it than I have
heard heretofore. I do not see any good reason
for it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to say a single
word on this subject by way of reply to my friend
from Missouri. From time immemorial, indeed
in the Constitution itself, this very distinction
between Indians taxed and Indians not taxed
has been a fundamental distinction. In the
enumeration of the people of the United. States
who are made the basis of representation and
taxation, Indians not taxed were expressly
excluded.
Mr. HENDERSON. So were negroes ex-
cluded.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Two fifths were excluded
and three fifths were counted; but that referred
undoubtedly to Africans in a state of slavery.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am talking about citi-
zenship. Slaves were not then citizens at all;
now tliey are.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Indians not taxed -were
excluded because they were not regarded as a
portion of the population of the LTnited States.
They are subject to the tribes to which they
belong, and those tribes are always spoken of
in the Constitution as if they were independent
nations, to some extent, existing in our midst
but not constituting a part of our population,
and with whom wd'make treaties.
There is another reason why the Indians not
taxed ought not to be included in this grant of
citizenship. Ifyou make them citizens, of course
thev will not only have the privileges of citizens,
I but they will be subjected to the duties of citi-
| zeus. Thev will not onlv have the right to sue,
I but they will be liable to be sued. They will
I not, only have the right to make contracts, but
i they wi'l! be bound by their contracts; and that
1 is a" policy which the Government has resisted
from the beginning in its dealings with the In-
dians, except with those Indians who have be-
come citizens and are liable to be taxed. Then
thev are regarded as citizens of the United
States. Without going into the argument at
length, I  m decidedly of the opinion that if
bv declaring the Indians to be citizens you are
going to bind them by their contracts at}d per'
mit them to be sued as other citizens are in the
courts of the United States, the Indians are not
yet prepared for eitizen-diip.
Another answer to my friend is, that so far
as relates to the Indian population they can be
provided for specially by other acts of Congress
