1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8555
Department this year. The Committee on
Indian Affairs, however, have thought it bet-
ter, as those Indians were now in the control
of the War Department, to leave them there,
and have not recommended that appropria-
tion. It being stated that it was necessary to
use some, military power to control the warlike
tribes, it was thought better to leave them en-
tirely under the control of the War Depart-
ment for the ensuing year, although it cost last
year more than twelve hundred thousand dol-
lars for the War Department to take charge of
that single tribe of Indians.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Independent of the pay
of the troops.
Mr. TliUMBULL. So I understand; inde-
pendent entirely of the pay of the troops.
I do not wish to take up time on this subject.
I confess that I am not sufficiently advised to
discuss it in all its bearings. The matter
was considered somewhat in the committee of
which I am a member ; but I did not feel
sufficiently advised there to recommend this
change. It may be for the best. I am not
satisfied that it is. I see some reasons "why it
is not best to make the change. Until we have
more information, and understand it better, I
think we had best leave the matter where it is.
Let us leave it there for the present until we
see how, under the new settlements and new
arrangements which have been recently made
in regard to the Indians, this system will work.
I think we shall find an improvement in the
management of our Indian affairs under the
present officers. That is my judgment about
it. In that I may be mistaken, and it may be
best, when we come to understand the subject
thoroughly, that the Indian Bureau should lie
placed under the War Department. I am not
satisfied that it is so. I think this measure is
inconsiderate ; that it ought not to come in here
in this way upon an appropriation bill, and from
a committee not having special charge of the
matter. I think the Committees on Indian
Affairs of the two Houses, in connection with
Buch information as may be obtained from the
different Departments in regard to the man-
agement of Indian affairs, ought to consult
together and mature the system, if the change
is to take place, before we adopt it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the Sen-
ate ready for the question on the amendment
reported by the Committee on Finance to the
bill?
Ilr. GRIMES. I understood the Senator from
Maine to demand the yeas and nays upon it.
Mr. FESSEJCDE.N. That was another ques-
tion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. On this
question the yeas and nays arc demanded.
The yeas and nays were ordered : and being
taken, resulted—yeas 12, nays 21 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, JYssonden, Grimes Guth-
rie, Jurkwood, bane of Indiana, Morgan, Sherman,
Stewart, Van Wmkie, Williams, and Wilson—
'NAYS - Messrs. Iluckalew, Chandler, Clark, Crngin,
frcwoU. Davis. Boolittle, Foster, Henderson, Hen-
dricks, Howard, Johnson, Xesnnth, Norton. Poland,
Saulsbury, Spra^ue, Sumuer, Tiumbull, Willey, and
Yates—21.
ABSENT—JIe=sr<=. Anthony, Conness, Cowan, Dix-
9ii. Edmunds, Harris, Howe, Lane of Kansas, J[c-
Dougall, Moirill, Nye, Pomcroy, Ramsey, Kiddle,
Wade, and Wright—16.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SHERMAN. The remainder of' the
amendments reported by the committee, the
fourth, fifth, sixth, and seventh sections, will
necessarily fall with the first. Perhaps a vote
had better be taken upon them as one whole
amendment. The first having failed, the rest
as a matter of course follow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion vill be taken on the other amendments
proposed by the Committee on Finance col-
lectively.
The amendments were to insert as addi-
tional sections the following:
Sre. 1. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary
of War shall he authorized, whenever in his opinion
i ..hall p.V!>mute the economy and efficiency of tho
Indhm s.'ivicc, to establish convenient departments
and distnets tor the proper administration of the
duties now imposed by law on the superintendents
of Indian affairs and upon agents and sub-agents,
and to substitutefo^such superintendents and agents
officers of the Army of tho United States, who shall
bo designated for that purpose, and who shall then
become charged with all the duties now imposed by
law upon the superintendents and agents thus super-
seded, and without additional compensation there-
for. Officers of the Army so designated shall notbe
required to give bonds now required of civil appoint-
ees, but shall be responsible for pnynegieet or mal-
administration, according to the Rules and Articles
ot War.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That all contracts
for transportation connected with the Indian service
shall hereafter bo made in the same manner and at
the same time provided for transportation for the use
of the Army,
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the Secre-
tary of War shall be authorized to withhold all spe-
cial licenses from traders, and, under regulations to
he by him prescribed, to provide the times and places
at which all traders complying therewith may pre-
sent themselves for bargain, barter, and exchange
with tho several Indian tribes, according to the laws
of the United States regulating tho same.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted. That all laws and
paits of laws inconsistent with the provisions of this
act are hereby repealed.
The amendments were rejected.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am instructed by the
Committee on Indian Affairs to offer several
amendments to the bill. In the first place, I
will offer some which arc rather verbal by way
of correction. On page 8, lines one hundred
and sixty-five, one hundred and sixty-nine, one
hundred and seventy-two, one hundred and sev-
enty-five, and one hundred and seventy-eight,
the word "thirteenth'1 should be "twelfth;"
so as to read ''for twelfth of thirty install-
ments," &e.: otherwise tho effect would bo
that the Indians would lose one installment to
which they are entitled. Last year we appro-
priated for the eleventh of their installments,
and this year the appropriation should be for
the twelfth.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That cor-
rection will be made, no objection being inter-
posed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. On the fourteenth page,
lines three hundred and twenty-three and three
hundred and twenty-seven, in the appropriation
for the Kickapoos, the word "fourteenth"
ought to be changed to " thirteenth.Last
year wo appropriated for the twelfth install-
ment.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. That change
will be made, no objection being interposed.
Mi-. DOOLITTLE. Ontbeseventeenthpage,
line three hundred and ninety-four, in the appro-
priation for tho Omahas, the word ''ten-' should
be " nine," so as to read, " for the last of nine
installments," &c.
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. Hint amend-
ment will be made, noobjeclion being offered.
Mr. DOO LITTLE. I move the same amend-
ment in the four hundred and seventh line, on
the same page, in tho appropriation for the
Ottoes and Missonrias, to strike out ''ten"
and insert "nine" before the word "install-
ments."
ThePRESlDENTpi'ofem^ojv. That change
will be made, no objection being interposed.
Mr. DOOl^TTTLE. On the eighteenth page,
line four hundred and twenty, under the head
of "Pawnees," "five" should bo changed to
"four," so as to read, " for last of four instalV
mcnts." kc.
ThePRESTDENT/jro/einpoi'f. That amend-
ment will be made, no objection being offered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. On page I'd, line four
hundred and forty-four, I move to strike out
the word " ten " and insert "nine " before tho
word "installments."
ThePRESIDENT^ro tempore. That change
will be made, no objection being interposed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. In lines four hundred
and fifty-one and four hundred and fitiy-five.
on the same page, the word "ninth" should
be changed to "eighth," so as to read, " for
eighth of ten installments," &c.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Those
changes will be made, no objections being
interposed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. On page 28, line six
hundred and fifty-seven, the word " ninth"
should be stricken out and the word "eighth"
inserted, so as to read, "for eighth ot ten
installments," &e.
The PRESIDEN T pro tempore. That clianga
will be made, no objection being offered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. On the same page, line
six hundred and sixty-nine, the word "fourth"
should be changed to "third;" and in lines
six hundred and seventy-five and six hundred
and seventy-nine the word "ninth" should
be changed to "eighth."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Those
changes* will be made, no objection being
interposed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. On page 6P>, line fif-
teen hundred and twenty-seven, I move to
insert after the word " of" the words " sheep
and ofso that the clause will read :
For subsistencefor the Navajo Indians, and for the
purchase of sheep and of agricultural implements,
seeds, <tc.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Do you propose to
increase the appropriation ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. No, sir.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I now propose to move
some amendments which contain appropria-
tions. On page 61, after line fourteen hun-
dred and ninety-three, after the miscellaneous
appropriations, I move to insert the following:
For the reappropriation of the sum carried to the
surplus fund for warrant numbered one hundred and
seventy-two, dated Juno 30, 1865, under the head
"for surveying and allotting to the proper .persons
the reserved tracts, per the ninth and tenth articles
of tlie treaty with tho Sacs and Foxes, and other
tribes of Indians of July 15, 1830,'' SI ,201) 97.
This is recommended by the Secretary of
the Interior in a letter which I hold in my
hand, and which I will 'read if it is desired.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It had better be read,
so that we can understand what this amend-
ment is about.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is as follows:
* Department of the Interior.
Washington, D. C., February 19,1863.
Sir: I have tlie honor to submit for the consider-
ation of the Committee on Indian Affairs, the sub-
ject embrace* in the inclosed copy of a communica-
tion from the Commissioner of Indian Affairs of tho
17th instant, namely: by tho fifth section of the act
of July 31, 18ot (Statutcs-at-Large, volume ten, pago
332) an appropriation was made by Congress "for
surveying and allotting to the proper persons the re-
served tracts per the ninth and tenth articles of the
treaty with tlie Sacs and Foxes of the Missouri, of
July 15,1830."
Under tho impression that all claims, on account of
the above appiopriation, had been settled, an unex-
pended balance, to tho amount of $1,209 97, was re-
manded on the 30th of Juno last, and carried to
" surplus fund."
It now appears that William Ashley Jones, Esq.,
has n, meritorious and just claim of 81,142 62 for ser-
vices as a commissioner under the appropriation
above referred to; and as there are no tunds at the
disposal of this Department applicable to the pay-
ment of said claim, tho Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs recommends that an application be made to
C'ongiess to inappropriate the unexpended balaneo
of June 30 last (SI, 209 97) for its original purpose, ill
order that a settlement of said accountsmay be made.
This recommendation of the Commissioner is ap-
proved by tins Department and the favorable action
ot the Committee on Indian Affairs is respectfully
requested.
1 am, sir, \ cry respectfully, your obedient servant,
JAMES HARLAN, Secretary.
Hon, J. R. Doolittlk, i'hnirman Couunitteeon Indian
Affairs', United litotes Senate.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLTTTLE. The second amend-
ment which the Committee on Indian Affairs
intended to propose covers precisely what, was
put, as I am informed, upon the legislative
appropriation bill. It is for payment of the
goods that were burned on board steamboats
at St. Louis. That matter having been acted
upon bv the Senate, and being now pending in
the legislative appropriation bill. I shall not
move an amendment on the present bill. If
it remains upon the legislative appropriation
bill that is all that is necessary.
On page 6, after line one hundred and eight-
een, 1 move to insert the following amend-
me nt:
For tho purpose of quieting the claim of the Lac
dc Flambeau band of Chippewa"? for an interest in
land* ceded to the United States by tho Bois Fort
band of Chippewa Indians, id,000.
I have here a letter of the Secretary of the
Interior, inclosing a communication from the
Commissioner of Indian Affair*, upon which
