1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1635
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 20, 1866.
Prayer by Rev. Joseph Cummixgs, President
of Wesleyan University, Middletown, Connec-
ticut.
The Journal of Friday last was read.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
a bill (H. II. No. 207) to amend an act en-
titled ''An act to provide ways and means for
the support of the Government," approved
March o, 18Go.
IXUOUED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed an enrolled joint resolution (S. R. No.
50) in relation to the publication of the laws of
the United States; and it was thereupon signed
by the President pro tempore.
SENATOR J?KOM NEW JERSEY.
Mr. SUMNER. I rise to a question of priv-
lege. I move to amend the Journal by striking
out the vote of Mr. Stockton on the question
of his seat. As the motion is of some impor-
tance I have reduced it to writing, and I send
it to the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The fol-
lowing motion to amend the Journal of Friday's
proceedings is offered by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts. It will be rend.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I rise to another ques-
tion of order. The Journal is correct, the
vote having been taken, and cannot be amended,
I apprehend, by a resolution contrary to the fact.
The vote was given by Mr. Stockton. The
Journal is correct. No one denies that the
Journal states the truth, and therefore to under-
take to correct it now in this way would be to
make it speak that which is false. The vote of
Mr. .Stockton was given. My point of order
is that this motion cannot be entertained in the
Senate, being out of order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion must first be read. The proposed amend-
ment to the Journal offered by the Senator
from Massachusetts will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
That the Journal of Friday, JIarch 23. 18C6, he
amended by striking out the vote of -Vr. Stockton on
tlie question of his seat ill the Senate.
Mr. SCTJINEL!. Before 1 sit down I shall
try to answer the remark of the Senator from
Delaware.
There are two ways, I believe, if there are
not three, but there are certainly two ways of
meeting the question which is presented to us
by the vote of Mr. Stockton. I use his name
directly because it will bo plainer and I shall
be more easily understood. I say there are
two ways in which the case maybe met: one
is bv a motion to disallow the vote; the other
by a motion such as I have now made to amend
the Journal. Perhaps a third way, though not
so satisfactory to my mind, would be by a
motion to reconsider; but I am not in a con-
dition to make this motion, as I did not vote
with th" apparent majority. I call your atten-
tion, however, at the outset, to two ways: one
by disallowing the vote, and the other by
amending the Journal ; but behind both those
way-, or all three ways; arises the simple ques-
tion. had Mr. Stockton a right to vote? To
this I understand it is replied that his name
was on the roll of the Senate, and accordingly
w.i= called at the desk by our Secretary. To
which I reply, and to my mind the reply cannot
be answered.'the rule of the Senate is to be
construed always in subordination to the prin-
eioles 01 natural law and parliamentary law,
and therefore you are brought again to the
question wuh which I began, had Mr. Stock-
ton a right to vote?
Had ilea riant to vote, first, according to the
principles of natural law, or, in other words,
the principles of universal law? 1 take it there
is m> lawyer, there is no man even os the moot
moderate reading, who is not familiar with the
principle of jurisprudence recognized in all
countries and in all ages, that no man can |>e
a judge in his own ease. That principle has
been reduced to form among the maxims of our
common law as follows: nemo debet'ease judex
in propria sua causa. As such it has been
handed down from the earliest days of the
mother country. It was brought here by our
fathers and has been cherished sacredly by us as
a cardinal rule in every court of justice. No
judge, no tribunal, high or low, can undertake
to set aside this rule. I have in my hand the
most recent work on the maxims of law, which
is called Broom's Legal Maxims, where, after
quoting this rule, the writer says:
"It is a fundamental rule in the administration of
justice, that a person cannot be judge in a can so
wherein he is interested.''
He then goes on in another place to say :
"It is, thou, a rule always observed in practice,
and of the application of which instances not un-
frequently occur, that where a judge is interested in
the result of a cause he cannot, either personally or
by deputy, sit in judgment upon it.''
This rule had its earliest and most author-
itative judicial statement in an opinion given
by an eminent judge of England, who has
always'been quoted for his integrity in times
when integrity was rare : I mean Chief Justice
Hobart of the Courtof Common Pleas. In his
own reports, cited as Hobart's Reports, I call
attention to the case of Day vs. Savadge, where
this learned magistrate expressed himself as
follows:
" It was against right and justice, and against nat-
ural equity to allow them"—
That is, certain magistrates—
" tlieir certificate, wherein they are to try and judge
their own cause."
And then he goes on to say, in memorable
language, which has made his name famous:
"Even an act of Parliament, made against natural
equity, as lo make a ma«i judge in his own case, is
void ill itself, for Jura natural t,unt numvfubilui, and
they are Ictjes hgum."
Thus strong was the language of this emi-
nent magistrate. According to him, even an act
of Parliament making a man judge in his own
case was void. But, sir, he was not alone. His
great contemporary and our teacher to this day,
Sir Edward Coke, in a very famous case.which
I have not before me now, but which is referred
to in other cases, known as Bonham's case, lays
down the same rule, that a court of justice win
not even recognise an act of Parliament, it<elt
if it undertakes to make a man judge in his own
case.
But another judge, who as a lawyer and as an
authority in courts down to this day, perhaps,
excels even those two that I have already cited—
I mean Lord Chief Justice Holt—has explained
and developed this principle in masterly lan-
guage. I refer to what is known as Modern
Reports, volume twelve, the case of The City of
j London m.Wood, page 088, where he expresses
himself as follows:
I "I agree. where the citv of London claims anyfree-
! dom or franchise to itself, there none of London shall
i be judge or jury for there they claim an interest to
| themselves against the rest of mankind."
i He then goes on to explain that principle, as
| follows:
" It is against all laws that tlio same person should
be party and iudge ill the same cause, for it is mani-
' test contradiction ; lor the party is he that is to eom-
i plain to the judge, and the judge is to hear the party;
the party endeavors to hare his will, the judge detcr-
1 mules against the will of i he party, and has authonty
! to enloree him to obey his sentence; and can.my man
I net against his own will or enforce himself lo obey '!
' The fudge is agent, the party is patient, and thesame
person cannot be both agent and patient in thesame
thing; but it is the same thing to say that the same
man may be patient and agent in the same 1 hinir as
to say that he may be judge and party: and it is mani-
i fest contradiction. i\n<i what my Lord Coke .-ays m
T>r. IloiiliamV case, in his 8 Co. is far from any ex-
travagancy, for it. is a very reasonable and true sav-
\ ing, tbat it an act of Parliament should ordamHhat
1 tile same person should be party and judge, or, which
is the same thinp. judge in his own cause, it would be
a void act of Parliament: for it is impossible that cue
should be judge and party, for the judge is to deter-
mine between pal ty and party or between the ttoT-
eminent and the party; rod an aet, of Pe ilbmi'^'t can
do no wrong, though it mav do several things tii.it
look \ ei> odd, tor it may discharge one ironi 'us alio -
: giauce to tile Government he iive: uuderar.d lestore
f him to the state of nature, but it cannot make one
1 that lives under a. Government judi'o and party."
These are the words of Chief Justice Holt.
It will be observed that'three eminent judges,
Hobart, Coke, and Holt, all found the inevi-
table conclusion on the immutable principles
of natural law, that law which is common to
all countries. It is the very law of which
Cicero spoke in the concluding sentence of his
treatise on the Republic, when he said that there
was but one law for all countries now and m
all times, the same at Athens as in Rome. It
is also that universal law to which the great
Engli sh writer, Hooker, alluded, when he said
that her seat is the bosom of God; all things
on earth do her reverence ; the least as feeling
her care, and the greatest as not exempt from
her power. To this universal law all your legis-
lation must be brought as to a touch-stone, and
all your conduct in this Chamber and all your
rules must be construed in subordination to it;
and therefore I say as I began, the practice in
this Chamber of calling the names on the roll
of the Senate must be interpreted in subordina-
tion to this commanding rule of universal law.
But that is not all. I said that it was for-
bidden not only by natural law, but also by
parliamentary law. Of course parliamentary
law in itself must be in harmony with natural
law ; but parliamentary law has undertaken in
advance to deal with this very question. There
is no rule of the Senate on the subject, but
there is a rule in the other House, as follows:
"No member shall vote on anything in the event
of which he is immediately interested."
This is but an expression in parliamentary
language of what I have announced as the rule
of universal jurisprudence. But. sir, this rule
of the other House was borrowed from the rules
of the British House of Commons, one of which
is as follows:
"Tf anything shall come in question touching the
return or election ot any member, he is to withdraw
dunng the time the matter is in debate."
I quote from May's Parliamentary Law, page
150. 1 now quote from another work of au-
thority, Dwarris on the Statutes, part first,
page 1281, who expresses himself as follows:
"No member of the House may be present when a,
bill or anv other business concerning himself is de-
bating. While the bill is but reading or opening, ho
iuaj*"
Then, after citing two different *cases, tlie
learned writer proceeds as follows:
"This rule was always attended to in questions rela-
tive to the seat of a member oil the hearing of con-
troverted elections, and has been strictly observed in
cases of very great moment."
Again the same writer says, on page !504:
" Where a member appeared to bo 'somewhat'con-
cerned—
That is the phrase, only "somewhat"—
"in interest, his voice has been disallowed after a
division."
Then, again, Cushing, who was quoted so
frequently the other do.y, in his elaborate book
on the Law and Practice of Legislative Assem-
blies, pages 711 and 713, expresses himself as
follows :
" Cases are frequent in which votes received have
been disallowed."
Again he says:
" Votes have also been disallowed, after the num-
bers have been declared, on the ground that the
members voting were interested in the question; and,
in reference to this proceeding, there is no time lim-
ited within which it must take place."
Thus, sir, you will sec, as I have already
said, that parliamentary law is completely in
harmony with natural law. Indeed, if it were
not, it would be your duly to correct it to the end
that if should lie brought into such harmony.
I And now, after this statement of the law,
I which I believe is completely applicable to the
! case of Mr. Stockton, 1 am brought to consider
! the x'cracdy. 1 said at the outset that there
! "wore two modes: on*1 was by disallowing tho
< vote on motion to that effect, and tho other by
' amending the Journal. I>ut first let mo^ cull
' your attention to the practice in disallowing a
vote on motion. I have already read from
Dwarris, where the vote was disallowed, and
I wi]l rofifl it iigiiin :
I "Where a member appeared lobe *some\vhnt' eon-
| eeriied m interest, his voice lias been disallu .ved after
I a division,"
