166
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 8,
Ho. of Reps.
Rights of Citizens—Mr. Delano.
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
to them political rights to lord it over this race,
seem to justify the contemplated injustice and
inhumanity on the ground of "inferior man-
hood," the negro is an "inferior article!"
They are not worthy the concern of an Ameri-
can statesman; they are waifs on society; they
are nomadic; they are simply Africans; they
have no place in the American Constitution;
they are outside of society, outside of the ob-
jects of American law. This is " a white man's
Government.'' Remand them to their old mas-
ters who we know purpose to oppress and deny
them every civil right, and then with fresh mem-
ory of recent flagrant war reach out the hand
of friendship to men whose hands are still red
with the blood of our children, and welcome
them upon this floor to places of authority
and power with such purposes and for such
ends!
Mr. President, I am sorry to say this is not
even the worst of it. The freedman has no
protection at home, no hope of it here, and,
alas! no hope of it anywhere. The saddest
utterance that any American statesman has ever
given expression to has fallen from him who at
the present time occupies the highest place in the
gift of the people of this country. I do not go
out of my way to allude to it. I should not be
doing my duty to this subject if I did not notice
it. On this question of the defenselessness of
this race, and. whether the American people
should extend the hand of protection to this
race, let me read from a message sent to this
Senate under circumstances which give it pe-
culiar force:
" The idea upon which the slaves were assisted to
their freedom was that on becoming free they would
be a self-sustaining population."
In the first place, I think it may be thought
a littlfe singular that it should be announced that
these people in any very high and lofty sense
were " assisted to their freedom'' at all. We
never as a nation undertook to give them free-
dom on terms at all creditable to us. We de-
nied interposition in their behalf, even, until it
became obvious that Providence did not intend
we should have our own liberty until we gave
them a chance to help us by obtaining their
own liberty; that was the ground we occupied.
I deny that we volunteered to help the slave to
his freedom on his account. The history of the
times do not justify such assumption. We did
not eo much as propose to embrace his freedom
in the objects of the war; nay, a great party in
this country arrayed itself against every effort
to aid him, and deprecated such efforts as con-
trary to the objects of the war; and when our
late President at length came to the conclusion
that we ought to declare the freedom of the
slaves, how did he announce it to the world?
As helping them to their freedom ? As a meas-
ure of justice and humanity to the oppressed?
No; but as helping ourselves to victory. He
had felt, the public pulse; he had-watched the
wondrous workings of Providence in the great
conflict in which the nation was involved; he
had seen the nation hang in the doubtful bal-
ances of war; he saw and came to realize that
God in His providence did not intend that this
nation should secure its own independence un-
til it yielded the rights of the black. The negro
was mustered into the military service to bear
arms in defense of the Government; then the
race was taken from the power of the rebellion
and placed on the side of the nation. If it was
understood, when he was "assisted to his free-
dom," that he was to take care of himself, was
it not, at least, to be inferred that he was to
have opportunity given him todoit; that hewas
not to be by the nation he served remanded to
his old master and all opportunity cut off? That,
we have a right to ask for him.That we ought to
demand. If we do less than that and fall so far
short in our duty, we have no right to expect
the smiles of Heaven or the approbation of
the Ainerican people. Protection to the black
man in a general way, opportunity, upon the
principle, not that we helped him as a primary
motive, but that hewas essential to the nation;
and that such was the order of Providence—
such are the universal laws which govern the
moral universe—that if we had, that it was only
by delivering him that we could break the power
of our enemies and secure our own liberty. I
question the historical accuracy of what is as-
sumed. The implication is that we helped
him to his liberty, and now we have done all
that is required of us. The nation cannot thus
lightly put aside its obligations to a defenseless
race called to its aid in its day of peril, it pannot
so cancel its moral obligation to see to it that,
having led them out of the land of bondage,
they are not left to perish in the wilderness or
be returned to a servitude even more heartless
and cruel.
We know he is in the power of his old master,
and our responsibility is not that we have not
helped him, but we have helped his oppressor.
We have put the old rebel master in authority,
restored him to places of power, invested him
with the power of the State, and propose to
remand his former slave to his custody, to hem
the law of the State. He reigns supreme to-day
in all these States, and demands admission into
these Halls, and it is demanded now that Con-
gress open the door of these Halls and admit the
old master, clothed with authority and power.
We all know that the freedman has no protec-
tion, and now from the high places of power it
is declared as indicative of "the policy" the
Government will pursue to its late allies and
faithful friends, that when we freed him it was
understood that he should take care of himself.
Mr. President, as sad as this picture is, it is
by no means the worst of it. There is a senti-
ment in this message which shocks me, and
wliichj fear will shock the sensibilities of man-
kind. Knowing the condition of the freedmen,
his situation, that from the beginning he has
been held by these States as without the pale of
constitutional or legal protection ; knowing the
sentiments of that region of the country in which
he is held in subjection, the painful symptom of
the following is plain:
" In truth, however, each State, induced by its own
wants and interests, will do what is necessary and
proper to retain within its borders all the labor that
is needed for the development of its resources. The
laws that regulate supply and demand will maintain
their course, and the wases of labor will be regulated
thereby. There is no danger that the exceedingly
great demand for labor will not operate in iavor of the
laborer."
Now, Mr. President, consider that that lan-
guage is uttered as a reason for refusing to give
the necessary executive consent to a law de-
signed for the protection of the freedman, de-
signed to protect him from his old master, to
open up opportunities to him, to reach out the
hand of the nation and stand between him and
absolute want. To this homeless, houseless,
defenseless wanderer who has no abiding place,
the Congress of the United States proposed to
reach out the hand of the nation and protect
him and provide for lxis temporary wants, and
with a knowledge of all the facts, the reply from
the chief Executive is,'' Leave him to the laws
of demand and supply." The explanation for
which is, there is no law or justice to which he
can appeal. It is said that the courts of the States
are open to him; let him appeal to the courts
of the States; but does any one need be told
that the State courts are closed forever against
him; that- there he has been dumb for long
ages of oppression? Let him have recourse to
the courts of the United States; that is to refer
him to a court which has already determined
that the common sentiment of this country was
that the black man had no rights which that
court were bound to respect. In a condition
of destitution and suffering and want, the black
man cries to the nation for recognition of his
manhood, for protection; the nation answers
back, there is for you no justice, no protec-
tion, no courts, no rights, civil or political; in
the language of the chief Executive, you are
left to " the great law of supply and demand."
Rights of Citizens.
SPEECH OP HON. C. DELANO,
of omo,
Ik the House op Reprksextatiyes,
March 8, 1866.
Tho House having under consideration the bill (S.
No. 61) entitled " An act to protect al! persons in the
United States in their civil rights and furnish the
means of their vindication"—
Mr. DELANO said:
Mr. Speaker : In the few minutes allotted to
me, I propose to put some questions to the gen-
tleman from Iowa, chairman of the Committee
. on the Judiciary, in reference to certain pro-
I visions of the bill under consideration. Of
| course I shall have 110 time to enter upon the
discussion of the very grave, difficult, and im-
portant question which, in iny judgment, is
involved 111 this bill.
In my opinion the States lately in rebellion
ought cheerfully and voluntarily to adopt and
enforce by local legislation all the important
features of this bill. If they omit or refuse to
do so, then Congress should enforce upon them
these measures, provided we have! he power to
do so conferred by the Constitution. But if
this power has not been granted, then the
fundamental law should be amended so as to
enable Congress to protect and secure the rights
of all her citizens in any and in every State
where unjust, unequal, and discriminating legis-
lation calls for the increase of the poux-rs of
the General Government.
In reference to the question of citizenship,
which has been ably discussed by the chairman
of the Judiciary Committee, I have no doubt.
It needs no law, in estimation, to make cit-
izens of these emancipated people. They are
citizens by law now; and our enactment can
only declare the rights and privileges in this
respect which already belong to them.
But, sir, notwithstanding this, notwithstand-
ing I regard them as entitled to citizenship. I
have serious difficulties in my own mind in refer-
ence to the power of Congress, under the Con-
stitution as it is, to pass the bill which is before
us. I shall vote for it, if possible. If I can be
brought to believe that there is a reasonable
probability of its constitutionality, so that I can
justify my conscience in turning over the ques-
tion of the power of Congress to pa-s this bill
to the courts, I shall sustain it ; but without
some further light upon the question than I
now have, I do feel that, there are such difficul-
ties in the way as call for a careful examina-
tion of the provisions of this bill, in a constitu-
tional point of view, by the gentlemen who con-
trol this House.
Passing at once, therefore, to the considcra-
tion of the question, I direct attention to the
first clause of the bill.
Before I do so, however, I will remark that
in my opinion the hill would be very much
improved and relieved from many of its serious
difficulties and objectionable features if it were
amended in accordance with the proposition
suggested by my colleague, [Mr. Bingham.] I
think that, with this amendment, 1 could my-
self now, without any further light on the sub-
ject, vote for it. But we must discuss it as it
is, and I desire therefore to call the attention
of the chairman of the Judiciary Committee to
certain thoughts connected with the subject.
The first section of this bill provides that all
citizens " shall have the same right to make
and enforce contracts, to sue, be parties and
give evidence, to inherit, mireha'-c, lease, sell,
hold, and convey real aud personal properly,
and to full and equal benefit of all laws ana
j proceedings for the security of per.-on ami prop-
erty as is enjoyed by white citizens.'' 1 desire
to ask the chairman of the committee whether
! in his opinion this confers upon the emanci-
' pated race the right of being jurors.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will very frankly
