3556
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 3,
this appropriation is asked. The facts, I will
state,"arc simply these: there was a treaty with
these Chippewas, and this band joined in the
treaty, as long ago as 3854. By the terms of
the treaty, all their right to a very large sec-
tion of country was ceded to the United States.
Some of these Indians or their chiefs claimed
that they did not fully understand the provis-
ions of the treaty, and that they had not in-
tended to cede as much as it appears by the
terms of the treaty they had ceded. They
came on here with the other Chippewas at the
present session. Duringthelastwmteratreaty
was negotiated with the Bois Fort band of
the Chippewas; but inasmuch as this Govern-
ment had a treaty with these Lac de Flambeau
Indians, and it appeared to be ratified, the Gov-
ernment could not concede, on its behalf, that
they had been imposed upon in this way, and
did not make any new treaty with them. It so
happened that there were four of the chiefs of
the Lac de Flambeau band here. Three of
them sickened with the small-pox and died in
this-city, and there was but one of them to re-
turn home. It was believed by the Department
of the Interior, or feared at least, that from
the circumstances of their being dissatisfied
with their arrangement, their not having made
a treaty here, and these chiefs having sickened
and died here, trouble would arise with them.
Tt was therefore thought desirable that Gov-
ernment should appropriate this sum of money
by way of a present to this tribe. It was thought
it would be a matter of economy and a matter
of conciliation toward the tribe. There is no
treaty stipulation which binds us to pay this
money; but the Department appeals to the
generosity of Congress, under the circum-
stances, believing that it would be wise to
make the appropriation. That is the sub-
stance of it. Our committee considered the,
subject in all its bearings, and though we had
some doubts upon it, still, upon the whole, we
thought it was wise to make this appropriation,
or allow the Department to do it; and there-
fore we have recommended it. I hope the
Senate will adopt it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am directed by the
Committee on Indian Affairs to offer another
amendment, to come in after the amendment
which I have just offered, after lino fourteen
hundred and ninety-three, on page G1:
For this amount, or so much thoreof as may bo
necessary to pay tho indebtedness incurred for the
Indian service in the State of Oregon and tho Terri-
tory ot Washington in tho years 1860,1801, and 1802,
$10,000.
I have a letter here from the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs which explains tho facts upon
which the committee thought proper to recom-
mend this amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN.
Department?
Mr. DOOLITTLE.
Mr. FESSENDEN.
recommend it?
Mr. DOOLITTLE.
Does it come from tho
Yes, sir.
Does the Department
Yes, sir; and this is
the Commissioner's letter explaining the cir-
cumstances :
" On entering on the position of head of tho bureau
I found a large number of unsettled papers on file
here, issued by various agents in Oregon and Wash-
ington Territory in 1860,1801, and 1 862. They amount
in the aggregate to $7,910 90 in Oregon and $21,3j3 -!3
in Washington Territory. The records of the office do
not show clearly why this indebtedness accrued: hnt
it appears that during tho years 1860,1861, and 1862,
owing to changes in tho offices tor the department
of Oregon and Washington, funds were not regularly
transmitted to defray the current expenses of tho
servide. Superintendents and agents, not being fully
advised as to the amount of tho funds applicable to
tho service there, and being necessarily obliged to
depart from the rules of the department against in-
cui ring any indebtedness, issued vouchors for what-
ever articles they purchased or whatever labor they
hired, without reference to tho funds at the disposal
of the department to meet thftm. It is certain that
vouchers were issued during those years to an amount
greatly exceeding the appropriations then applica-
ble to their payment. They have been presented
and paid from time to time since, partly out of tunds
originally applicable to their payment, and partly
out of funds made applicable by virtue of the act
of March 3,1S63, authorizing not exceeding $08,000
of unexpended balances of appropriations for the
Indian service in Oregon and Washington to be so
Used. There are now no funds applieablo to the
payment of these outstanding claims, and none ap-
propriated for the Indian service in Oregon and
Washington Territory which could be diverted to that
object without seriously embarrassing the service
there; yet the claims should be paid. A large por-
tion of them are for labor done under the direction
of officers of the Governmont, while others are for
goods or provisions sold to the Government. The
parties have lived out of their just dues for four or
five years, some of them even longer, and this de-
partment is continually in receipt of urgent appeals
for the payment of these vouchers.
" I have stated above the amount of these claims
now on file in this office. Others have been filed by
tho claimants and withdrawn again, after a vain
endeavor to procure their monoy; and occasionally
a new claim is presented; so that it is impossible to
say exactly what sum will bo required to pay all the
just claims now remaining unpaid. I think, how-
ever, that at least $-10,000 will be required for tho
object. I have therefore prepared an estimate," &c.
Now, Mr. President, it is not satisfactory to
the committee that this thing should be*so;
but the facts are, that in consequence of the
changes from time to time of the officers on
that coast, and the length of time required to
make out their bonds .there and send them to
the office here, before any nioney could be
remitted, the necessities of the Indian service
there had to go on, or did go on, and tho offi-
cers, without waiting for the funds to comS,
actually incurred expenditures for labor, goods,
&e. This indebtedness accrued against the
Government in this way, and the department
here is charged with it, and annoyed continu-
ally by it; and the question is, what shall be
done? Shall the debt be repudiated, because
in consequence of that state of things the
agents on that coast transcended, really, their
legal powers from the necessity of the case?
The Senator from Oregon can explain more
particularly how the matter transpired there,
if it is necessary or desirable.
Mr. NESMITH. These liabilities accrued
substantially in the way that has been men-
tioned by the Senator from Wisconsin, the
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs.
In 1SG1 changes were made in all the Indian
ollices, both in Oregon and Washington Terri-
tory. In Washington Territory there were two
changes made, and they were made very rap-
idly, and the first superintendent never' had
any funds transmitted to him| I believe, at least
not until about the close of his term. He was
there for some six or eight months before his
successor's bonds could be received here, and
he be supplied with funds. The same condi-
tion of affairs existed in Oregon, except that
there was but one appointment of superintend-
ent. We were left there entirely destitute of
funds for the prosecution of the business con-
nected with the department, owing to the diffi-
culties growing out of the war, the change in
the head of tho office here, and the delay in
transmitting funds. Those officers found them-
selves in charge of reservations on which In-
dian tribes recently hostile had been removed,
and there was no alternative left on their part.
They had either to continue the business, retain
the Indians there, and make sufficient disburse-
ments for their subsistence, and the prosecu-
tion of the improvements which were then in
process of completion, or they had to abandon
the Indians, let them abandon the reservations,
turn everything loose, and wait until they could
communicate with the department here and
get tlie money which had been appropriated.
Those officers had not even been informed of
tho amounts appropriated. Under this condi-
tion of affairs they did employ labor and did
make purchases of supplies absolutely neces-
sary for the prosecution of the business there
until they could communicate with tho depart-
ment here, and until statements of the differ-
ent appropriations and the differentheads under
which they had been appropriated were trans-
mitted to them. It subsequently transpired
that they did exceed the amount of the appro-
priations some thirty-five thousand or perhaps
forty thousand dollars.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Over $60,000 has been
already appropriated to pay them hex'etofore,
according to the letter which has been read.
Mr. NESMITH. All the claims, with the
exception of this balauce of $40,000, Were paid
out of the current appropriations. These are
simple additions in excess of the appropriations
for those years. The Government has had the
supplies and has had the service. The people
there have been lying out of their money for
three or four years. I think this is a just claim,
and that the Government should pay this money.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am somewhat famil-
iar with the circumstances under which these
claims accrued. I know very well that men
in Oregon have advanced tteir goods and their
labor to these Indian agents and received
vouchers; that these vouchers have never been
paid; and this money, if it is appropriated,
will go to persons who are entitled to it, because
they have rendered an equivalent for it to the
Indian department in good faith. Men have
been employed by the Indian agents where the
circumstances required that they should be so
employed. Of course it was impossible for
men who were acting in the capacity of labor-
ers to know whether or not there was an appro-
priation to meet the particular case. They
could only depend upon the vouchors which
they received from these Indian agents, and
they, of course, expected that upon the pres-
entation of those vouchers, which they had
received in good faith, they would be paid for
their labor or for their goods or whatever they
furnished to the department. But,, on the con-
trary, after making these expenditures of labor
and goods, and, in some instances, money,
they have been compelled to wait for several
years. We know that there is throughout the
State of Oregon a feeling that there has been
great injustice done by the Government in this
respect in not paying these claims. I know of
my own knowledge that very many of the claims
are claims that ought to be paid by the Gov-
ernment. The Government has received an
equivalent. Men have rendered services, given
their goods and their property in good faith to
the Government, and received their vouchers.
When they presented their vouchers there was
no money to pay them. I am satisfied that if
there is any appropriation that is just this'is
one, and it ought to be made.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am directed by the
Committee on Indian Affairs to move the fol-
lowing amendment, to carry into effect the
treaty with the Winnebagoes. It is to insert
on page 27, after line six hundred and fifty,
the following:
For the erection of saw-mill, with grist-mill at-
tached, on their new reservation, as per third article
treaty of March 8,1865. $10,000.
For expense of breaking and fencing one hundred
acrcs of land for each baud of said Indians, as per
third article of treaty of March 8,1865, yj,037 60.
For expenses of sowing and planting ono hundred
acres of land tor each band of said Indians, and tar-
nishing seed for the same, as per third article treaty
of March 8,1865, $5,750.
For the purchase of guns for said Indians, as per
third article treaty of March 8,18b5, $2,000.
For the purchase of four hundred horses, one hun-
dred cows, twenty yoke of oxen, twenty wagons, and
forty chains, as per third article treaty ot March 8,
1805, and Senate amendment thereto of February
13,1866, SCO,300.
For tho purchase of agricultural implements, as
per third article treaty of March 8,1865, $500.
For the ercetion of an agency building, school-
house, warehouse, and suitable buildings for tho
physician, carpenter, interpreter, miller, engineer,
and blacksmith, on tho new reservation of said In-
dians, as per fourth article treaty of March 8,1865,
$21,000.
For erection of a house for each chief of the said
tribe, as per fourth articlo treaty of March 8,1805,
$22,500.
For expenses of the removal of the property_ of
said Indians to their new homes, as per liftli article
treaty of March 8,1865, $300.
For subsistence of tho Winnebagoes for one year
after their arrival at their new homes, as per fifth
article treaty of March 8, 1865, $96,000.
Tho amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am directed by the
Committee on Indian Affairs to offer the fol-
lowing amendment, to come in after line two
hundred and thirty, on page 10:
For this amount, being in consideration of certain
lands ceded the United States, to be invested and held
by the said United States at an interest of not less
than five per cent., and to be paid to the Choctaw
and Chickasaw nations immediately on the enaci-
mont of certain laws regarding persons ot African
descent residing in said nations, as per third arhcle
of the treaty of April 28,1866, to be covered into the
