THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE,
February 1,
when the question shall arise. It is not neces-
sary to provide for it in this bill, for if you do,
it will ipze rise to difficulty. If you undertake
to provide in this proposition that every Indian
¥ora in the United States who may not be for
.the- time being incorporated in any tribe shall
be a citizen of the United States you may com-
pel soroe of us to vote against the amendment
altogether. Although some of these Indians
 ay be disconnected from their tribes, and may
• be wandering in bands and in families, as there
are some in the State of Wisconsin and in other
.States, I d© not think they are yet in a condi-
. tion to be incorporated as part of the citizens
<jf the United .States and- made liable to be
. bound by the contracts which they may make
and to be sued upon their contracts.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator from Missouri
-.seems-to base his position upon the mistaken
theory that all Indians who are no longer con-
nected with their tribes or under a tribal gov-
ernment are civilized Indians, living as farmers,
or in some other way earning a livelihood in
the white settlements. That is an entire mis-
take. Whore that happens to be the case, they
are probably civilized Indians, holding prop-
erty, and taxed in that way. But in all the
border States there are large numbers of wild,
s&vage Indians, as uncivilized and as untamed
as any on the plains, who have no tribal gov-
ernment, who are outlaws from their tribes and
their nations. It certainly is not the intention
of the Senator or the intention of the Senate to
admit Indians of that class to citizenship. It
has been the policy of the Government from
its foundation not to consider them as citizens.
There are large numbers of Indians who ac-
knowledge no tribal government, at all, who
have no connection with any tribes, and who,
unless some modification of this amendment is
made, would be admitted to citizenship under
it, which certainly cannot be the intention of
the Senate or the Government.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Mis-
souri assumes that here is asort of property quali-
fication to citizenship. Such is not the meaning
of the provision- ■ The Senator from Missouri
and my self desire to arrive at the same point pre-
cisely^ and that is to make citizens of everybody
born in the United States who owe allegiance
to the United States. We cannot make a citi-
zen of the child of a foreign minister who is
temporarily residing here. There is a difficulty
in framing the amendment so as to make citi-
zens of all the people born in the United States
and who owe allegiance to it. I thought that,
might perhaps be the best form in which to put
the amendment al one time, " That all persons
born in the United-States and owing allegiance
thereto are hereby declared to be cit.iz.ens;"
but upon investigation it was found that a sort
of allegiance was duo to the country from per-
sons temporarily resident in it whom we would
have no right to make citizens, and that that
form would not answer.
Then it was suggested that we should make
citizens of all persons born in the United States
not subject to any foreign Power or tribal au-
thority. The objection to that was, that there
were Indians not subject to tribal authority
who yet were wild and untamed in their habits,
who had by some means or other become sepa-
rated from their tribes and were not under the
laws of any civilized community, and of whom
the authorities of the United Stales took no
jurisdiction. The Senator from California [Mr.
Coxxbss] told us that there were in his State
Indians who had been placed upon reservations
under charge of Indian superintendents who had
been separated from their tribes and were not
under any tribal authority, but they were there
under the regulations of treaties which had
been made with them, and were supplied and
looked after by our Indian agents the same as
other Indians who were perfectly wild, not sub-
mitting at all to the usages of civilized life, and
it could not be intended to make that class of
persons citizens.
Then it was proposed to adopt the amend-
ment as it. now stands, that all persons bom in
the United States not suhjeet to any foreign
Power, excluding Indians not taxed, shall be
citizens. What does that phrase "excluding
Indians not taxed" mean? The Senator from
Missouri understands it to be a property quali-
fication to become a citizen. Not at all. It is
a constitutional term used by the men who mad'e
the Constitution itself to designate, what?^ To
designate a class of persons who were not a
part, of our population. That is what it means,
fhey are not counted in the census. They are
not regarded as a part of our people. The term
1' Indians nottaxed'' means Indians not counted
in our enumeration of tkepeogle of the United
States.
Mr. JOHNSON. Considered virtually as
foreigners.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Considered virtually as
foreigners, as a description of persons con-
nected with those tribes with whom we make
treaties. That is what the phrase means.
Whenever they are separated from those tribes,
and come within the jurisdiction of the United
States so as to be counted, they are citizens of
the United States. It is not intended as a prop-
erty qualification. That is not. the meaning of
it. The Senator wants to know why, if an In-
dian cannot be a citizen without being taxed,
should a white man or a negro be a citizen with-
out being taxed. If the negro or white man
belonged to a foreign Government he would not
be a citizen; we do not propose that he should
bo; and that is all that the words "Indians not
taxed," in that connection, mean.
Mr. HENDERSON. <;Not taxed" by
whom ? By Federal-authority or by State au-
thority ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. By anybody. The term
here is meant to embrace those persons who
yet belong to the Indian tribes, foreign Gov-
ernments. " Indians not taxed'' is a term used
to designate those Indians yet belonging to a
foreign Government, and not counted as a part
of our people.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator would cer-
tainly accomplish that object by his original
amendment, to insert the words "not owing
allegiance to any tribe." I barely throw out
these suggestions for the consideration of the
Senate. I certainly am offering no opposition
to the amendment of the Senator from Illinois,
because I shall vote for the very broadest propo-
sition on this subject. The Senator from Wis-
consin answered me that if we declared these
Indians to be citizens of the United States they
would be permitted to make contracts, if I
understood him properly, and that was the ob-
jection he had to it. Why, sir, I suppose that
any State, even after we declared the Indians
to bo citizens of the United States, would have
a perfect right, if it saw lit, if it thought they
were savages or barbarians or anything of that
character, to deny them the right to make
contracts.
Mr. JOHNSON. Oh. no.
Mr. HENDERSON. I will ask the Senator
from Maryland, who seems to dissent from the
proposition, if the minor, born of white par-
ents, eighteen or nineteen years of age, is not
a citizen of the L'nited States? Can he make
a contract under Stale laws ? Then will the
Senator tell me why a State cannot deny to an
Indian after he has been declared to be a citi-
zen of the United States the right to make a
contract ?
Mr. GRIMES. Can a State deny to a.n In-
dian the right to contract or to sue when we
make him a citizen by this bill with all the rights
of a citizen under the Constitution of the United
States ?
Mr. HENDERSON. I suppose he would
take those rights in deference to the laws of
the respective States. You must look to them.
Our Government, as I understand it, is a com-
plex piece of machinery. There are certain
powers granted to the Federal Government,
and those we can exercise here; all others are
reserved to the States; and T do not under-
stand that by declaringa man to be a citizen of
the United States we thereby take away the
right of a State to declare whether he is com-
petent to make a contract or not. The lunatic
is not authorized to make a contract by State
law, certainly not by Federal law.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to ask the
Senator what rights, then, are conferred upon
the Indian by declaring him to be a citizen in
this bill.
Mr. HENDERSON. When I started the
proposition here, I did not think it would in-
volve me in the difficulty of explaining all the
rights that belong to an American citizen, and
certainly it would be a difficult matter for me
to do it now, without having examined the sub-
ject. I ask the Senator from Minnesota and
these other Senators who arc objecting to it,
what rights would be granted by a declaration
of this sort that would interfere with the author-
ity of their respective States which they desire
to retain? I do not choose now to define, and
I frankly say to the Senator from Oregon that
I might commit some blunders if I were to
undertake to define the rights of an American
citizen. I do not choose to enter into that sub-
ject. I only ask the Senators to tell me what
difficulties their respective States would have
to meet in prescribing such rules and regula-
tions for t.he government of that population as
they might see fit. I have not heard a single
word on their part to indicate to me that there
is any objection to it. I prefer the original
amendment as offered by the Senator from Il-
linois, that all persons born on the soil of the
United States shall be citizens except those who
owe allegiance to some foreign Power at the
time, or are connected with tribes of Indians.
I think that that is the proper rule; I can see
no objection to it; but I do not wish to throw
anything in the way of the bill.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The proposition as
it now stands before the Senate does not reach
the object that I intended, and as I perceive
that it will embarrass the bill in its present
shape, especially in the House of Representa-
tives, I suggest to the Senator from Illinois
whether it would not be better to strike out that
provision in reference tf> the Indians not taxed.
It does not reach the object that I desire to reach.
The Indians holding their lands in severalty by
allotment are not taxed. Those are the In-
dians that I desire to reach; and I propose, at
the suggestion of the chairman of the commit-
tee and the Senator from Massachusetts, to in-
troduce a separate bill giving to those Indians
holding their lands in severalty by allotment in
Kansas the power to sell their timber and their
lands. I am extremely anxious to have this
bill passed, and passed as soon as possible. I
suggest, therefore, whether it would not, be better
to strike out that portion of the amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I desire to ask the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois one question in
reference to this proposed amendment. What
effect will it. have upon the original section?
Does it enlarge the powers and rights conferred
and enumerated in that, section, or does it re-
strict them? If it enlarges them, how and to
what extent? If it restricts them, in what re-
spect? May it not bethatthisproposedamend-
nient will produce 110 practical good, while it
will excite prejudice and hostility to the bill?
The proposed ainendmentundertakesto declare
that certain persons shall be citizens, excluding
another class of persons; but the original bill
provides that all the inhabitants of every State
and Territory in the United States shall pos-
sess certain rights, which are enumerated in the
section, and comprehend, as it seems to me, all
the civil rights that belong to a citizen. Now,
if a bill is passed by Congress conferring upon
all the inhabitants of every State and Territory
all the civil rights that belong to a citizen, what
necessity is there for declaring that a certain
class of persons shall be citizens, excluding
another class? I simply desire to know whether
this proposed amendment is to change the
meaning and effect of the original bill or not;
and if it is to change it, I desire to know in
what respect it will accomplish that change;
and then I can vote understanding^ upon the
amendment.
I wish to say one word upon the remarks sub-
mittedbytheSenatorfrom Missouri, asalsoupoa
