2596
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
rn aEt have the power to stop the train for the
purpose of inspection. That is about the sub-
stance of it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I knowthat; but if the
train is to be forfeited then, of course, they
take possession of the train.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I propose to provide for
that in the amendment which I have offered.
Mr. MORRILL. I should like to have the
amendment read at the desk.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. MORRILL. The difficulty that occurs
to me is about establishing the ownership. The
language of~the amendment is " the owner or
agent of the owner." Ought it not to be so
broad as to include any of the agents of the
company, the conductor or any officer?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not think a train
ought to be forfeited for the act of the con-
ductor.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That part of the amend-
ment provides that if the responsible party,
the manager in charge of the train, has the
guilty knowledge, then the train or car is subject
to forfeiture ; but if the responsible manager, or
the conductor, is not guilty of any impropriety,
then I think it would be too hard, if the engine-
driver, or stoker, or brakesman should happen
to be smuggling in a small keg of brandy, that
the owner should bo subjected to the forfeiture
of the train for that reason. I think that is
going too far.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then say the agent of
the company.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have said the owner,
and that must be the company or the private
person who owns the car or engine. Many of
the northern roads are not owned by companies,
but by private persons, who are trustees. Hence
the term "owner, or agent of the owner in
charge," it appears to me, covers both classcs
of controlling parties, the proprietor or the
agent of the proprietor who has control of the
train. If any language can be found to express
the idea better, I shall certainly be very glad to
accept it.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not know but that
that answers the purpose; but it seems to me
it will not be possible to bring a guilty knowl-
edge of the fact to the owner.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is in the alternative.
Mr. CHANDLER. Say "owner or agent."
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is exactly the lan-
guage of my amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Had you not .better put
in the word "superintendent?" All these
companies have superintendents.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well; I have no ob-
jection to inserting the word "superintendent"
after the word " owner," or in place of it, as
may be most agreeable.
Mr. CLARK. Let the amendment be read
with that word in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be read us modified.
The Secretary read it, as follows :
Provided, That no railway car or engine shall be
subject to forfeiture by force of the provisions of this
act unless it shall appear that the owner, superin-
tendent, or agent of the owner in charge thereof at
the time of such unlawful importation or transpor-
tation thereon or thereby was a consenting party,
or privy to such illegal importation or transporta-
tion.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. The second and third sections
of this bill speak of the seizure, search, and
examination of all trunks, packages, and en-
velopes. It seems to me that language is
broad enough to cover the United States mails.
I suppose it is not the purpose of the bill to
authorize the examination of the United States
mails.
Mr. MORRILL. Of course not.
Mr. HOWE. I propose to offer an amend-
ment to prevent such a construction.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is no danger of
such a construction being placed upon this
language. It is the language usually employed
in these bills.
Mr. HOWE. If gentlemen are perfectly
donfident tha,t it will bear no such construction,
and will receive no such construction, I do not
care to press it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Wisconsin -withdraws his amendment.
Mr. HOWE. I will suggest another amend-
ment, in section three, line thirty-nine, to strike
out the word "appoint," and insert the words
"for the employment of' so that the clause
will read:
And the Secretary of the Treasury may from time
to time prescribe regulations for the search of per-
sons and baggage, and for the employment of female
inspector^ for the examination and search of persons
of their own sex.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time.
It was road the third time and passed.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 134) relative
to appointments in the Military Academy of
the U nited States was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. FESSENDEN. For the purpose of
having the bill which I wish to take up in the
morning left as the unfinished business, I move
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of the consular and diplomatic appropriation
bill.
Mr. SUMNER. There is House bill No. 11,
on which the Senate has been engaged for
several days, and on which we are just on the
verge of a vote, which I think had better be
taken up.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What bill is that?
Mr. SUMNER. It is the New Jersey rail-
road bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We shall not get
through with that for six weeks to come.
Mr. SUMNER. We have got to the end of
the discussion upon it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I shall not withdraw
my motion for that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maine moves to take up the bill
(II. R. No. 2G1) making appropriations for the
consular and diplomatic expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June 80, 1807,
and for other purposes.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to interpose
the other bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator can try
a vote upon it. You cannot interpose it unless
you vote my motion down.
Mr. SUMNER. Then I hope the Senate
will not take up the appropriation bill until
the other bill is disposed of.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us adjourn.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; I think we had
better adjourn.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Oh, no; let us have a
vote on this question first.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Maine.
The motion was agreed to—ayes twenty, noes
not counted.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I have twice before
asked, and now again ask, for the reading of the
veto message of the President. I merely desire
to have it read and printed. I want to see what
it is. I am not informed. It is a matter of
importance, and it should be read. That is all
I desire.
Mr. STEWART. Take an order to print
without reading it.
Mr. McDO UGALL. No; it should be read
and printed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I insist on my motion.
Mr. McDOUGALL. This can be done in
five minutes.
. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Maine.
Mr. McDOUGALL. On that question, I
call for the yeas and nays. I want to see
whether 
Mr. SUMNER. Order!
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, I ad-
dress you, and I have the floor. When a mes-
sage comes to this body from the President of
the United States, without regard to the indi-
vidual, but out of regard to bis high office, it
is, as a matter of courtesy, the duty of the Sen-
ate on the first opportunity to hear what he
may have to say why he did not indorse the
proceedings of the two Houses of Congress.
That is a courtesy that has always been ob-
served, and never unobserved, I think, until
this day; at least, this will be the first time
when it has been refused.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will simply say in
answer to that 
Mr. McDOUGALL. I am speaking to the
question, sir. It is in the course and order of
proceeding that a message of the President of
the United States should be read to the House
to which he sends the message on the first
opportunity, not interfering with the pending
business; "and that would be the pending
business of the moment. It should have been
read some hours since. It has not been read
as yet. I do not know what it is. I want to
see what advice is contained in the counsel he
may convey to me as a Senator of the United
States and to other Senators of the United
States; for under the system of Government
under which we live, when the tribune of the
people says, "I forbid" for "I have cause;
I think you are in error; I think passion may
have been uppermost and reason may have
been overthrown we should receive his mes-
sage with all the consideration which belongs
to a high body of which he is an equivalent,
not a superior. It has come here, and has been
on our desk, now, for hours. There is, it seems
to me, a perverse, adverse spirit not disposed
to extend to his statement of his objections
the courtesy that always has been extended to
men who occupied his high place in years gone
by. We are not happy in wandering from our
former paths. We are wandering, and wan-
dering into the wilderness. How soon we may
get lost, none but Him alone knoweth. I say
it is our bounden duty to hear that message
read now, and have it printed for the advice
of the Senate. I ask that it may now be read
and printed; and that is the motion which I
made some time ago, when I had the floor, but
waived it. It is my right to move it now, and
I make that motion that the message be read
and printed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The question now is
simply on the call for the yeas and nays, as I
understand it, on the motion to go into execu-
tive session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On the mo-
tion to go into executive session the Senator
from California asks for the yeas and nays.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is the motion
before the Senate, and the only one that can
be in order. They have not yet been ordered.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Very well; I trust they
will not be ordered until this thing be done.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish Simply to say
that if by any possibility the motion I have
made could be construed into any disrespect
of the Chief Magistrate, that at this late hour
we let his message go over until the morning
before having it read, in order that we may
have a full Senate, I certainly would withdraw
it for that purpose; but as I have no such
intention, and as the idea of disrespect to the
President is entirely imaginary, I shall insist
on my motion and let the yeas and nays be
taken upon it if Senators call for them. That
is the motion before the Senate.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I do not charge the
Senator from Maine 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is the duty
of the Chair to suggest that on the question of
going into executive session extended debate
is not allowed in the Senate.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I shall not go beyond
the question of going into executive session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Upon that
