1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
t#r-
or the other he is to pocket $250 a month, or
to be without it? So far as interest is concerned,
the interest is the other way. Who is there
belonging to the body, looking to the mere point
of interest, that would not be benefited by
leaving the body? I am sure the honorable
member from Massachusetts, and no member
of the Senate would bring his mind^o the con-
dition of alleging that Mr. Stockton or any other
man who claims a seat upon the floor of this
Senate*, could permit his mind to be influenced
by such a miserable, contemptible amount of
interest as that. Then, if there is no interest
within the meaning of the principle, the only
question of interest that arises is a question of
public interest.
Mr. SUMNER. I will remind the Senator
that members of the House of Commons re-
ceive no compensation, and yet no member of
the House of Commons is allowed to sit as a
judge in hia own case.
Mr. JOHNSON". After awhile, if the learned
member goes on, he will try to persuade us
that the Government of Great Britain is a great
deal better than our own ; that a monarchy is
to be preferred to a republic ; and that instead
of the present mode of electing Presidents, we
should adopt the mode resorted to in the Vati-
can of electing Popes.
Now, they have made a rule in the House of
Representatives on this subject, he says. What
is the rule ? In the first place, why make a
rule? The honorable member says it is a part
of the law of nature. I suppose that the mem-
bers of the House are subject to the laws of
nature. Thou he says it is a part of the law
of Parliament. I imagine the House of Rep-
resentatives are supposed to know what the law
of Parliament is ; but notwithstanding) hat, they
adopted the rule to which the honorable mem-
ber refers. Wo have adopted no such rule;
and if the rule referred to as adopted by the
House was a rule which would cover a case of
this description, the adoption of it by the House
is conclusive evidence that without it the law
would be otherwise than it was made to be by
the rule. But the rule is altogether miscon-
ceived.
But it is said the rights of the American
people are involved, the reputation of the
Government is at stake. If the rights of
the American people and the reputation ol' the
Government are to depend on the manner in
which this case is disposed of. they are neither
rights nor reputation worth contending for.
'J'he whole of the Judiciary Committee ex-
cept my friend the member from New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Ci.aiik J were satisfied that, Mr.
Stockton was duly elected. What would have
been the result if Mr. Stockton had not voted'.'
Would he have, lost his seat? The member
from Massachusetts, I suppose, is under that
impression. Would a tie vote—and that would
have been the state of the vote if he had not
voted—have lost him-his seat? Certainly the
member knows that it would not. lie is to
remain here until he is excluded ; and as far as
the result, therefore, is concerned, it is quite
immaterial whether he cast that vote or did
not cast it. Why did he vote? He gave his
reasons on Friday. I shall not repeat them.
Even if there had been any want of delicacy
in such a vote in ordinary circumstances, there
was ill the judgment of many, perhaps of all.
thought to be no want of delicacy under the
particular circumstances in which he cast his
vote. His colleague was away and had tele-
graphed that he would be here early this week.
He had no notice that his vote would'be re-
quired at all until Thursday morning. He
telegraphed in reply, after stating matters which
I shall not mention, "I am now conlined to
my room, and I cannot come immediately, but
I will be there early in the next week;1' and
yet the vote was taken on the very day the
tejpgram arrived.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Nothing was said about
postponing the vote on the part of Mr. Stock-
ton ; no request \vas made to postpone.
Mr. JOHNSON. There was no proposition
on this side. There was no proposition sug-
gested by my friend, who, I have no doubt,
acted as lie thought was right, to make a post-
ponement. Under the circumstances, there-
fore. I think the sense of I he public was and
will be that even supposing there was the slight-
est want of delicacy in casting a vote upon such
a question by the member whose seat is con-
tested, it was in the particular instance more
than justified by the circumstances existing at
the time the vote was cast.
I have said all I propose to say. The whole
matter'is in the keeping of the Senate. No
matter what may be the judgment of those who
differ from me personally, whether they direct
the name to be stricken from the Journal or
not, J shall rest perfectly conscious that my
honor is untarnished by my approval of the
act of the member from New Jersey.
Mr. TRUMBULL. iregretexceedingly that
this question is presented 111 the shape in which
it is now before us. In the consideration of the
right to a seat of the Senator from New Jersey
I have regarded it, and I think the committee
to which it. was referred ail regarded it, as a ju-
dicial question. We endeavored to look at it
purely in that light. It was a question of law,
whether the Senator from New Jersey was en-
titled to his seat or not. In the opinion of the
committee he was entitled to his seat. That was
my opinion ; it is still my opinion. I think he is
clearly entitled, to his seat. But. sir, there was
a difference of opinion in the Senate, and when
the vote came to be taken upon that question the
name of I he Senator I'-am New Jersey was called
and he himself voted. Since J have been a
member of this body, in the last eleven years,
there have been a r amber of contested cases ;
the right to seats of veveral gentlemen sitting
here as Senators has been questioned ; and this
is the first time that „>,v person whoso scat has
been que-tion"(l a. ; e.a'r voted since I have
been a memlvr o! t !■ :-enate; and I confess]
was very much surir ,-a.] when Ihe Senator from
New Jersey proposa I to vote. When he di-
rected h's name 10 b ; caiied, some gentleman
sitting near mo, 1 aa'i „'ve the Senator from Ne-
vada [Mr. Nil ] aska,i if lie had a right to vote
ill Ills own ca-e. Pnvale'v 1 said to him at
once, CiTidiulv not.'' 1 be,ieve he asked the
ipiestion of the l;>. .ang Oliice' of the Senate,
and hesimply rejuifd stating that Mr. Stock-
ton's name was on La a t. No more was said :
no decision was m.uf •. it took the Senate by
surprise 1 thank ; h's vote was recorded, and
the result announc The 1're-iding Officer
said there wa>-no n 1 ■ el' the Senate on the sub-
ject. Thai true ; b it there are some thing*
that it rieeda. no rule to declare. If any mem-
ber of the Senate had li.a n in his place and had
asked his name to be called a second time and
to vote twice, there is no rule that a member
of the Senate shall not vote twice : but there
'arc some self-evident impositions, and among
them is the one tkuf no man shall be a judge
in his own ease. Yh.- i ■' a judicial question.
It is not like an indi\ideal u:to is a candidate
for oihee going to the pMls and voting for him-
self where his riebt to i ote is not in question.
The question hpre is not whether the State of
New Jersey is entitled to repre-'entatiun omot,
but it is whether the j eiv.on who claims to have
been elected to this body has been elected or
| not. It is a judicial question, and in my judg-
ment the Senator from N a v. J ersey had no right
to vote.
Now. sir. how thi-' is to be corrected—I think
it ought to be corrected—is another question.
The Senator from Massachusetts proposes to
correct it by striking :rom the Journal the name
! of the Senator from N ew Jersey. What would
be the effect of that! Yiie resolution has passed.
Suppose you strike J/is name fiom the list,
where does the resolution stand?- Suppose,
instead of a resolution of this body, it had been
a bill from the Luaaae ,,f Renresentatives—and
I submit that for the con -:.u«ratio:i of the Sen-
ator lrotn Mass .ehaa ils—suppose it had been
a bill from the i-aa a of Representatives upon
its passage from this body, and the result de-
pended upon the vote of a Senator who was
interested in the result, and the bill had been
carried by_;his vqte, and this, occurred la^t Fri-
day, and in, the mean time the .bill had been
presented to the President of the United States"
and had received hia signature, and we caaio
in on the Monday morning followingand riioveel
to strike from the Journal the name of the in-
terested party by whose vote it was carried^
what would become of the law? What would
be the condition of this resolution?
1 believe, as I said before, that the Senator
from New Jersey is entitled to his seat, but I
do not believe that he is entitled to hold his
seat by his own vote. He would have held his
seat without his own vote. The vote upon the
resolution was a tie without the vote of the Sen-
ator from New Jersey; and that would have
left him in his seat, he already having been
sworn in as a member. Itis not necessary that
the resolution should have passed. He is here
as a Senator, and it would require an affirma-
tive vote to deprive him of his seat as a Senator.
Mr. NYE. Will the Senator from Illinois
allow me to ask a question ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. NYE. If I understand the resolution
reported from the Committee on the Judiciary
the conclusion of it was that the Senator from
New Jersey was entitled to his seat. I wish to
ask whether, in order to pass that resolution, it
is not necessary to have a majority vote.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly it is ; but the
Senator is here without that.
Mr. NYE. That is what we will discuss
hereafter.
Mr. TRUMBULL. You would have to get-
him out by a vote, would you not? And if
you proposed such a resolution and the vote
was twenty for it and twenty against it the res-
olution would fail.
Mr. NYE. If the Senator from Illinois will
show me how he can pass a resolution without
a majority vote of this body, 1 will be obliged
to him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is not a matter
involved here at all. It is not necessary to
pass a resolution to declare the Senator from
New Jersey entitled to his seat any more than
it is necessary to pass a resolution to declare
the Senator from Nevada entitled to his Seat.
They are both here as Senators, and until yon
have some affirmative vote of the Senate deny-
ing them the right to their seats they have
a right to remain here as Senators. It will
require, as 1 said, an affirmative vote.
Mr. CONNESS. It is simply an undeter-
mined question. He would not have a right.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The question with me
is as to the proper mode of arriving at this
matter; and it seems to me that the proposed
proposition would not accomplish the object;
at any rate without another proposition, if this
carries, to strike the Senator's name from the
roll. Then you would have to bring up the
resolution, it seems to me, upon which we acted,
for although this motion carried, that, would
stand just as it is. It seems to me that the
proper and the only proper mode of reaching
this matter would be to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was carried, and then,
when the question arises upon the passage of
that resolution, the Senate can decide as to
whether the Senator from New -l-ersey shall
vote or not. Jf his name is stricken out the
resolution stands unpassed; but it seems to me
we have to get that resolution before us in some
shape in order to place our action properly upon
the Journals. I do not see how you can expunge
the Journal to change the result of what*has
happened. I am inclined to think that the
proper course to pursue is that which I have
suggested; and I shall be prepared, if that is
tlie proper course—I leave that to other Sen-
ators—to move a reconsideration of the vote by
which that resolution carried, if that is neces-
sary to accomplish the object.
Mr. SUMNER. Do I understand my friend
from Illinois to say that he is ready to move a
reconsideration ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I said if it was neces-
sary to accomplish this object. If that is the
best mode to get at it, I shall make that mo-
