1638
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
tlon if no other Senator does. I did not see
how it could well be accomplished by the
Senator's motion, and I ask him now whether
in any of the cases to which he has referred
the result -tfas determined by the vote of the
interested party.
Mr. SUMNER. I think not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then they are not anal-
ogous to the proposition which he has made.
Mr. SUMNBIi. I did not understand the
Senator's question. I have two cases, before
me to which I will call attention. Tlie Sena-
tor, as I understand him, now proposes to move
a reconsideration. I am glad of it.
Mr. CONNESS, [to Mr. Scjoter.] You
■withdrawing your motion.
Mr. SUMNER. I am glad of it, I say. When
I brought forward this motion, and, indeed, when
I undertook to consider the propriety of bring-
ing it forward, I had no reason to suppose that
any Senator would move a reconsideration.
Voting as I did, I was not in a condition to
make sucb a motion; I could not make it; and
with me the practical question was how to bring
the Senate to a vote on the important question
whether Mr. Stockton had a right to vote for
himself. That was with me the practical point
—how to bring tljat up for consideration ? As
I have said, I could not move a reconsidera-
tion, nor after conversation with different gen-
tlemen interested in this question did I learn
that any Senator was prepared to bring for-
ward such a motion. What was to be done?
Surely the next best thing; and after reflection
and careful examination of the precedents I
satisfied myself that the next best thing was the
motion which I have now made to-day. And
now allow me to make one further remark. •
The Senator from Illinois opens a question
which he will remember I did not open in the
discussion to-day. I confined myself simply
to the question whether Mr. Stockton had a
right to vote. I did not go into the second
question which the Senator opens, what would
be the effect of striking out his vote ? I see the
importance of that question ; I see its bear-
ings ; I was not insensible to them when I
commenced this discussion ; but I chose to
confine myself to what to my mind was the
first question, had Mr. Stockton a right to
vote ? and I thought it belonged to the Senate
to settle that question, whatever might be the
effect of their determination on the result of
the vote. Suppose the result was left as the
Senator from Illinois states,, with Mr. Stock-
ton in his scat, I submit that that should not
affect our course on this occasion. It, belongs
to us to establish forever this precedent; wc
must see to it that no one of our number here-
after comes into this Chamber in the two parts
of party and of judge. Suppose Mr. Bright,
who was some years ago expelled from this
body, after an animated debate lasting several
weeks, and as I am reminded our excellent
Judiciary Committee reporting in his favor—
suppose he had undertaken to vote for himself,
is there any Senatoe who would not have felt
that it was wrong to admit any such vote ? Mr,
Bright on that occasion showed no want of
hardihood, but he did not propose to vote for
himself.^ I ought, however, to add that the
vote against him was so large that his own vote
could not have turned it the other way. But
if you allow Mr. Stockton to vote in his own
ease now, how can you stop a Senator from
voting in his own favor when proceedings are
against him here for his expulsion? The rule
musipe the same in the two cases. I there-
fore submit that it is important for the rules
of the Senate to determine precisely whether a
Senator in the situation of Mr. Stockton can
vote, and I say that is the first question.
Now, the Senator from Illinois introduces
the second question, and he says, suppose we
strike out Mr. Stockton's vote, what will be
the effect? On that I answer that the effect
"will be, in the first place^> change the subse-
quent proceedings and make them as if he had
aot voted, and the record must be corrected
throughout accordingly and the declaration
oi ta© vote by the Chair accordingly. Any
proceedings subsequent to the action must be
amended in harmony with the'correction.
The Senator from Illinois put the case: sup-
pose a bill is passed by mistake, and the mistake
is afterward discovered, could that bill be ar-
rested ? I say if it was not too late it clearly
could be arrested. We all know—the anecdote
is familiar to us, the Senator has recalled it to
my mind—of the passage of the great act of
habeas corpus in England, which, according to
the story, (I think it is Bishop Burnet tells it to
us,) passed under a misapprehension as they
were voting. This was in the upper House; as
the peers passed between the tellers one lord
said, count such a peer, who was passing along,
being very fat, as ten 5 and he was counted as
ten for the bill. The bill passed by some four
or five votes ; and so a fat man being counted
for ten gave at that time to the English people
what they have since called the great palla-
dium of their liberties, the writ of habeas cor-
pus ; but I am not aware that the mistake was
divulged until it was too late for correction.
But we Have had in the other House two cases,
which I have before me in the Journals of the
House, which answer precisely the inquiry of
my excellent friend, the Senator from Illinois.
I read from the House Journal, first session
Twenty-Ninth Congress, under the head July
6, 1846, page 1032;
"Mr. McGraughey moved that the same [the Journal]
be amended by inserting thereon all the proceed-
ings of Friday last 111 relation to the vote upon insert-
ing 'salt' in the schedule of articled free of duty,
which were then declared by the Speaker to bo null,
in consequence of the discovery of an error in the
adding up of a vote, and which were consequently
omitted from the Journal of that day.
"The Speaker stated that inasmuch as the error
alluded to in the amendment proposed by Mr. Me-
Gaughey was discovered before the next vote was
announced, and as that vote was upon amotion to
reconsider the la?t vote, made by a member who
voted with the majority, and as the correction of the
error changed the result of that vote, the member
making the motion had no right under the rule to
make it, and therefore all the action subsequent to
the announcement of the erroneous vote was prop-
erly stated by the Speaker at the time to be a nullity,
in which statement the House acquiesced.- The
Speaker therefore decided that the amendment of
the Journal now proposed by Mr. MeGaughey was
not in order."
The other case I find in the House Journal,
first session Thirty-First Congress, under date
of September 10, 1850, page 1436:
"The Speaker stated that the result of the vote of
the House on yesterday on the passage of the bill of
the House (No. 387) to supply a deficiency in the ap-
propriation for pay and mileage of members of Con-
gress for the present session had been erroneously an-
nounced, and that the subsequent proceedings upon
the said bill would consequently fall.
"The Speaker then announced the vote to be—yeas
98, nays 7(3.
"So the bill was passed; and the Journal of yes-
terday was ordeied to be amended,"
According to these precedents, should the
motion which I sent to the Chair be adopted,,
the Journal throughout must be amended ac-
cordingly; the vote would therefore fall; in
other words, it would stand, as the Senator
states, a tie. Now, I do not propose at this
moment to discuss the condition in which that
would leave Mr. Stockton, whether it would
leave him a member of this body or not. I will
simply make one remark upon it in which I think
all Senators will agree with me. If the resolu-
tion is recorded on your Journal as having a
tie vote on its passage, it surely is not passed.
Mr. Stockton may be left in his seat, but the
resolution affirming his title to the seat is not
passed ; and, therefore, at anytime during the
present session, I take it, it will be open for
the consideration again of the Senate, or that
some further proposition looking to the same
end may be introduced; at any rate, the Senate
will not be concluded by the vote. I content my-
self with that statement; and now 1 come back
to the proposition of my friend from Illinois.
I said at the outset that I was not in a condi-
tionto make the proposition of reconsideration.
I would add, also, that I adhere to the opinion
which I expressed af the beginning, that it were
better, if the Senate were now disposed, to pro-
ceed at once to correct the Journal by striking
out the name of Mr. Stockton from the vote in
question, and thus establishing a precedent for
all time. But that may cause a discussion pro-
tracted, and I do not know whether the Senate
are ready to adopt it or not. The Senator from
Illinois, however, is ready to move a reconsid-
eration ; and that I see will furnish a practical
mode of reaching the conclusion which I seek.
On the consideration of his motion, of course
we may properly object to the vote of Mr.
Stockton, and take the opinion of the Senate
upon that objection. What I have been aim-
ing at will then be reached. As I say again, I
should like to eliminate from the Journal of the
Senate the record that has been made; but I
seek a practical result, and therefore I shall
follow the Senator from Illinois. I withdraw
the proposition.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think, with due defer-
ence to the Senator from Massachusetts, that
he errs in withdrawing the proposition. If he
will not withdraw it for a moment I will give a
reason why I think so.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is a question of par-
liamentary practice. Undoubtedly, if a vote is
given by any person, whether a Senator or not,
it is the right of the Senate at some time to
supervise the authority of the person to vote.
There is no doubt that if a Senator is directly
involved in a measure before the Senate he is
excluded by a general parliamentary rule from
voting; but the question arises, when can the
objection be made? It cannot be made pend-
ing the vote; and the same difficulty would
arise if the suggestion of the Senator from
Illinois were now adopted. Suppose Mr.
Stockton, as Senator from New Jersey, should
again offer his vote. Pending the division of
the Senate, can you stop and discuss his right?
Can that question be raised and decided in the
midst of a vote, during the call of the yeas and
nays ? I say, certainly not. His name may be
called; he may vote; but it is the duty of the
Senate after the vote is given to determine
whether or not the vote was properly given,
whether he had a right to vote upon the ques-
tion. It seems to me, therefore, that it is wiser
and better to decide the right of Mr. Stockton
to vote on this motion to amend the Journal.
That is the proper way, and the only way in
which you can present the question. It is true
that if the motion had been made on Friday,
after the Chair announced the result, to correct
the amendment on the ground that one of the
votes given was given without authority of law,
or in violation of parliamentary rule, the ob-
jection might then have been made, and the
question presented to the Senate. It seems to
me that the lapse of time from Friday to this
day docs not change the right of the Senate to
pass upon that question. This, I think, is the
only way in which we can pass upon it now.
Suppose that the proposition of the Senator
from Illinois is now put, and we reconsider the
vote, we are placed in precisely the attitude
we were in before the vote was taken. Sup-
pose the roll is again called upon the passage
of the resolution, and Mr. Stockton again offers
his vote, the same difficulty occurs. No ques-
tion can be raised pending the vote or pending
a division of the Senate which will give rise to
debate. Any question that docs arise in the
midst of the vote must be decided promptly by
the Chair, without debate, from the very ne-
cessity of the case. There must be a time
when the Senate can pass on this question. It
seems to me that can be done immediately on
the announcement of the vote, in correcting the
announcement of the Chair, because the Chair
is but the organ of the body in announcing
the vote; or it maybe done in passing upon
the Journal, _ which is always acted upon at
the next session after the vote is given. It ap-
pears to me, therefore, that this is the time and
this is the proper occasion to determine whether
or not Mr. Stockton had a right to vote in this
particular case. I will not pass my judgmitat
now on that question or upon any other ques-
tion involved in this matter, but simply as to
the question of time and manner. It seems to
me the Senator from Massachusetts presents
the question in the proper manner, and that
