158
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 8,
Ho. of Reps.
Rights of Citizens—Mr. Delano.
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
colleague [Mr. .Raymond] be extended for half
an hour, and he can then yield portions of it
to the other gentlemen.
Objection was made.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will yield to my col-
league, [Mr. Delano,] and trust to the indul-
gence of the House for an opportunity to be
heard upon this subject.
Mr. DELANO. I was proceeding to remark,
when my time expired, that Mr. Hamilton took
the case of an effort on the part of Congress
to interfere with the law of descent in a State.
And that brings me to the consideration of
another clause in this bill. "All citizens shall
have an equal right to inherit." Suppose a
State Legislature declares that in the case of a
person dying intestate the heirs shall inherit,
excluding those who are of African or mixed
blood. That would be illustrated in the case
of a man who married first a white woman, by
whom he had white children, and then married
a black woman, by whom he had children of
mixed blood. The State legislation is such as
to exclude the children of mixed blood from
the inheritance.
Now, sir, should this bill be passed that
law of the State might be overthrown by the
poworof Congress. In my opinion, if we adopt
the principle of this bill we declare in effect
that Congress has authority to go into the States
and manage and legislate with regard to all the
personal rights of the citizen—rights of life,
liberty, and property. You render this Gov-
ernment no longer a Government of limited
powers; you concentrate and consolidate here
an extent of authority which will swallow up
all or nearly all of the rights of the States with
respect to the property, the liberties, and the
lives of its citizens.
This thought is illustrated by Mr. Madison ;
and for the purpose of directing the attention
of the chairman of the Judiciary Committee
[Mr. Wilson] to it, I will read the language of
Mr. Madison from No. 45 of the Federalist:
"Thepowers reserved to the Federal States will
extend to all the object? which, in the ordinary course
of affairs, concern the lives, liberties, and properties
of the people, and the internal order, improvement,
and prosperity of the State."
Any one who has studied the Constitution of
the United States knows that it was designed
to establish a Government with limited powers,
powers restricted to the necessary objects of
its existence and the proper discharge of the
great duties devolving upon it. It was never
designed to'take away from the States the right
of controlling their own citizens in respect to
property, liberty, and life. If we now go on in
a system of legislation based upon the assump-
tion that Congress possesses the right of su-
preme control m this respect, I submit whether
we are not assisting to build up a consolidated
Government in view of the powers of which we
may well tremble.
Pursuing this train of thought, I might go on
and show that the authority assumed as the
warrant for this bill would enable Congress to
exercise almost any power over a State. Sir,
we have had in the State of Ohio until a very
recent period a law excluding the black man
from being a witness in a court of justice. I do
not know but that laws of a similar character
still exist in some of the States. It is but a
little while since Indiana repealed a law of that
sort.
Mr. NIBLACK. The gentleman will allow
me to say that that law is only partially re-
pealed. We had a constitution prohibiting all
negroes from coming into the State since No-
vember 1, 1851. An act of the last session of
the Legislature allows all negroes who were in
the State before this constitutional provision
went into operation to testify in all cases ; but
negroes who have come into the State since, in
violation of ourconstitution, are still prohibited
from testifying against white people. They can
only testify in our courts in eases where negroes
or mulattoes are the parties.
Mr. DELANO. Then, as a matter of course, i
if this bill be passed, negroes who have come
into the State of Indiana in violation of her con-
stitution will be entitled to testify. This bill
would override the legislation of that State.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to ask the
gentleman from Ohio a question, suggested by
the remark of the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Niblack.] If the, negro is a citizen of the
United States, has the State of Indiana a right
to pass a law, fundamental orstatutorv, declar-
ing that such a citizen of the United States shall
not come within the State of Indiana?
Mr. DELANO. That is another question
which I will answer when it comes up appro-
priately for discussion. What I am asking is,
has the State of Indiana a right to pass a law
declaring that such a citizen shall not be a wit-
ness in court? Everybody knows that from
the beginning of our Government to the pres-
ent time this question as to who shall be a
competent witness in the courts of the State
has been left to be determined by the legisla-
tion of the State. Not long since the law of
Ohio excluded from the witness-stand a man
who was an infidel. A law of that kind still
exists in some of the States. But the theory
upon which this bill rests would uproot all the
power of State legislation to regulate this ques-
tion.
Nay, more, sir; we once had in the State
of Ohio a law excluding the black population
from any participation in the public schools or
in the funds raised for the support of those
schools. That law did not, of course, place the
black population upon an equal footing with
the white, and would, therefore, uuderthe terms
of this bill be void, and those attempting to
execute it would be subjected to punishment
by fine or imprisonment.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to ask the
gentleman from Ohio whether he belie-ves 
Mr. DELANO. I have so little time re-
maining that, with the utmost desire to be
courteous, I must decline to be interrupted
further.
Now, sir, I proceed to inquire whether the
constitutional amendment abolishing slavery
confers on Congress the power to enact a meas-
ure of this character. That amendment pro-
vides—•
'' 1. That neither slavery nor involuntary servitude,
except as a punishment for crime whereof the party
shall bavebeen duly convicted, shall exist within the
United States or any jjlace subject to their jurisdic-
tion.
" 2. Congress shall have power to enforce this arti-
cle by appropriate legislation."
Now. what, is this provision of the Constitu-
tion ? It is the abolition of slavery and invol-
untary servitude. It is authority by Congress
to pass proper legislation for the enforcement
of that principle. Now, sir, can it be claimed
by fair reasoning that the right to testify is
necessarily incident to freedom ? If this can
be claimed, then there is authority to pass this
law.
Mr. WILSON, oflowa. The gentleman will
pardon me for an interruption. Suppose that
the only person witnessing a state of facts ne-
cessary to be given in court for the protection
of life, liberty, and property should be a black
man, has the State the right to say that that
man, the only person living who has a knowl-
edge of the facts to protect a citizen, should
have no right to testify?
Mr. DELANO. I-acknowledge myself sur-
prised that the chairman of the Committee on
the Judiciary of the House of Representatives
of the United States of America should rise and ,,
ask me, when I am discussing a principle of jj
power, whether an extreme case, such as he !i
has put, would be an authority for violating the !'
fundamental law of the land! j
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. No, sir; I ask j|
whether the Constitution of the United States j!
is so framed that the rights of protection can-
not be established in the laws made by Con-
gress?
Mr. DELANO. Does the gentleman believe
the Constitution of the United States is so
framed as to say this power may be exercised?
The simple question now is, whether the right
to testify as a witness is a necessary incident to
freedom.
Mr. NIBLACK. Ifthegentleman will permit
me, I will respond to the gentleman from Iowa.
I ask whether under most of the State laws the
wife is not prohibited from testifying against
the husband, or vice versa ? Now, would not
his objection as well apply to that?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. It is -not so in
many of the State laws ; but then I answer the
gentleman in the language of the bill referred
to by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Delaxo]
a few moments ago. these rights are to be the
same as are enjoyed by white citizens.
Mr. NIBLACK. Thequestionisveryproper.
Mr. DELANO. I must beg the gentleman
not to interrupt me again.
Suppose a State Legislature should apply
some qualification to the competency of a white
man as a witness, say of religious belief, and
it turns Out on the trial that the only witness
who can prove the facts is the man under
this disqualification, what becomes of the gen-
tleman's argument founded on the extreme
case put by him?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time has
expired.
Mr. MYERS. I move the gentleman's time
1)6 Gxtcnded.
Mr. RAYMOND. I believe I had the floor,
and that it was extended thirty minutes be-
yond the hour, so that the hour having expired,
I still have thirty minutes left. *
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Kerr] has been recognized.
Mr. KERR. I will yield to the gentleman
from Ohio if it does not come out of my time.
Mr. DELANO. I only want ten minutes.
Mr. MYERS. I move the gentleman's time
be extended ten minutes, and that it does not
come out of the time of the gentleman from
Indiana.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. DELANO. Mr. Speaker, I was about
to remark there are certain powers that may
be exercised under this amendment of the Con-
stitution vastly important to the emancipated
race. I have anticipated unfriendly legislation
in the South: but I have felt a consolation in
the power of Congress under this clause of the
Constitution to prevent certain unfriendly legis-
lation which has presented itself to my "imagi-
nation ; for instance, to establish in the South
a system of peonage, or any system of laws
that would interfere with the liberty of this
race. It would then be in the power of Con-
gress under this clause of the Constitution to
modify and prevent such legislation. We pro-
claimed freedom to this race, and reserved to
ourselves the power to enforcc it, but we did
not reserve to ourselves the power to enter the
States and regulate the domestic relations of
life, liberty, and property.
We did reserve to ourselves the poworof pre-
venting unfriendly legislation that would inter-
fere with liborry. No lawyer who will reason
like a lawyer, I think, can "take that act and tell
me that he believes that the right to testify or
to inherit is a neee.-^ary condition of freedom,
because we know from the whole history of our
State legislation that such di^et iminations have
been made. Aliens have bf'cn prevented from
inheriting, and discriminations in inheritance,
as well as in the right to testify . have lu en made
by State legislation, and no one thought it an
interference with the liberty of the citizen.
I must say, therefore, that I do not see how
we can sustain the principles of this bill. 1
said in the outset that I wanted to see the pro-
visions of thi« bill adopted or enforced upon
the South, and it was with this thought before
me that 1 introduced, at an early day of the
session, an amendment to the Constitution re-
quiring eacft State to provide for the security
