M
THE' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
enacting a statute on this subject declaratory
6f ■ what the .law is, :(for that is all this bili
amounts to,) to put it beyond question.
Tho Senator from Oregon asked if these.per-
spns. were not citizens without this declaration.
Ilk my judgment they are ; in my judgment,
persons born in the United States and owing
no allegiance to .any foreign Power are citi-
zens without regard to color ; but it.is desirable
to place this"matter beyond question, and there-
fore we are passing a law declaratory of what,
in ■ my judgment, the. law now is, in order to
remove any doubts that anybody may have
about it; and for that reason I thmk it better
to retain the words without ".distinction of
color'' that there may beno dispute that the word
"persons" means everybody. If the Declara-
tion had said, "all men are created equal
without distinction of color," it seems to me
it would not have beenpossible even for the
Senator from Kentucky to contend that negroes
wore riot embraced ; but he does now so contend.
Therefore, I think we had better retain the
words "without distinction of color."
. Various suggestions in regard to amendments
have been made to which I, individually, would
have no objection, but I see thai the moment
we yield-to an amendment in order to satisfy one
member of the Senate, we get into a difficulty
with some other member. We have that difficulty
now in regard to the Indians. 1 wish this whole
Indian question was out of the way. It is not
the great object of the bill. I was satisfied
with the proposition as wo first had it; but in
or-der to remove the objections of others we
have changed its phraseology until now it stands
in the form in which it has just been read from
the desk; and that, upon the whole, I think,
is the best form in which wc can put it, and I
trust, the Senate will adhere to it as it is.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I have no objection
to" that course.
Mr. J OIINSON. Tho Senator from Illinois,
certainly, does not understand me as opposed
to his amendment.
Mr. THUMB U LL. Not at all.
Mr. JOHNSON. What 1 suggested was—
and T submit that there is some degree of force
in the objection—that it is very desirable that
we should cease to consider for a moment that,
in relation to citizenship and riglits, there is,
as far as the Constitution of the United States
is concerned, any difference on account of color.
Tho honorable member admits tluil the omission
of the words which I have suggested should be
stricken out will leave the provision precisely
the same. His objection to striking them out
is, that there may be persons in the United
Stales who will hold that the provision, if it is
so changed, would not comprehend the negro.
It is impossible to provide against every possi-
ble doubt that may be suggested I >y any one man
or any dozen men in the United Slates. There
are all sorts of notions, having no foundation
in fact or in law, broached ('mm time to lime by
individuals or clashes of indniduals ; lint I sup-
pose that if the Constit ution declared that all
persons born in the United States should be
citizens, nobody would be able to raise a reason-
able doubt that, it included the black man.
The idea to which the honorable Senator al-
luded, which has operated upon the mind of
my friend i'lom Kentucky, and operated upon
the minds of the Supreme: Court, as a reason
why the general phraseology to be found in the
declaration of rights was not comprehensive of
the negro, was founded upon what was sup-
posed to have been the condition of the Cnited
States at the time, with reference to the black
race. They were all then slaves, fn tho judg-
ment of many, being slaves, they were not per-
•ons within the meaning of the phrase used in
t'u? declaration of rights: and I am sure the
honorable member will recollect that the Chief
•histiee, in giving the opinion of the Supreme
Court in the ease to which reference has boon
frequently made, concedes that if the words that
are tound in tiie Declaration of Independence
wore used now. or if at tho time they were used
.there was no such thing as the slavery of Afri-
cans, and the same number of Africans had
been in the United States, they would have been
included within the general phraseology of per-
sons entitled to certain inalienable rights ; and
I suppose no man in his senses could doubt, that
the use of those words would comprehend black
as well as white, provided black as well as white
were free men. It is idle to deny that a negro
is not a man. It is idle to deny, therefore, that
a negro is not a person. They are endowed
certainly with some of tho qualities of the white
man. Whether they are endowed with all tho
intellectual capacity of the white man is a ques-
tion about which differences of opinion have
prevailed and may continue to prevail; but
they have the same faculties, are subject to the
same diseases, cured by the same medicines,
endowed with the same affections. Nobody
that knows the race can doubt that. Whether
they are in all cases as keen in their affections
as the white man may depend upon their culti-
vation, intellectually and morally; but that they
are capable of a cultivation, intellectual and
moral, that will make them regard the marriage
relations just as absolutely and as affectionately
as the white man, and regard their children with
the same affection that the white man regards
his children, I suppose nobody will doubt.
Subject to the same complaints, cured by the
same mcdicines, sustained by the same food,
who could deny for a moment that the black
man is a man and a human being ; and if lie bo
a man and a human being, who can doubt for
a moment that he is a " person'/"
I conclude, therefore, with what 1 said in the
beginning, that it seems to me very desirable
that, we should upon the very first occasion that
arises, and upon every occasion, if any future
occasion should arise, say at once, virtually, by
ceasing to use the term " distinction of color,"
that in the judgment of the American Senate
and of the people of the United States there is
no such distinction. If the Senator objects to-
the amendment that I suggest, I do not insist
upon it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. While I dissent entirely
from the construction which the Senator from
Illinois puts upon the Declaration of Independ-
ence, 1 was pleased with one suggestion that he
made, and that was, that in defining tho right
of citizenship th ere should be no room fordoubt.
The question that is before this Congress, and
that must now go to the country, is that which
was started by the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. SiJJixiui,] whether all persons living in this
country are to be equal before tho law without
distinction of color. That is the question which
he raised, and which we have now arrived at.
I am perfectly content that that question shall
go to tho country. If the people agree to tho
proposition, I am content; if it is satisfactory to
the white men of this country to admit into the
political community Indians and other colored
people, 1 shall no longer object; but I am grati-
fied that the Senaior from Illinois makes if in
plain words, so that the issue shall be distinctly
befoie the people.
Mr. HENDERSON. 1 ask if it is in order
to amend the amendment.
Tho PRESIDING OFFICE!?. It is in order.
Mr. HENDERSON. 'J hen I move toamend
the amendment by striking out the words " not
taxed" and inserting the words ''not subject
to tribal authoritv."
Mr. THUMB CEL. That is the way it was
before.
Mr. HENDERSON. I would rather have it
in that way: but ! am not particular about it.
I ask that the amendment may be read as I pro-
pose to amend it.
The Seciiiitaut. In tho third line of the
amendment it is proposed to strike out the
words ''not faxed" and to insert "not subject
to tribal authority:" so that the amendment
will read:
At] poisons Itoni in tho Uniicd Pt.ttos and not sub-
ioetto :mv foreign Power. sxHndine ! eei-'ii -: not ■
.loot to trioal nuMiorifv, are heieby declared to bo
citi'/.ens of ttio t'.iitoil states.
Mr. TUUMI5ULL. I sugars" to the Senator
from Missouri, if he wishes to make that amend-
ment, to insert those words right after the word
"Power;" so that it will read, " not subject to
any foreign Power or tribal authority."
Mr. HENDERSON. I accept the modifica-
tion. I think that is the best place to insert it.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is the original prop-
osition.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir, we have got,
back to it now.
Mr. HENDERSON. It is a general princi-
ple, and I prefer it in that form. I think while
we are meeting this question we might as well
meet it fairly and entirely. I cannot see any
reason, nor have I heard a particle of reason
given in the speeches that have been made, why
this proposition should not be adopted.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator from Missouri
has been told several times that there are in
the border States large bodies of Indians not
subject to tribal authority who are as wild and
as untamed as any that roam over the plains.
Would he make them citizens?
Mr. HENDERSON. I understand that per-
fectly well; but will the Senator tell me how
this declaration, that they are citizens of the
United States, will interfere with the legislation
of the State of Minnesota?
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator from Oregon
has already explained that matter. There are
many differences in State laws between these
Indians and white men, and certainly you do
not desire to confer on all these Indians the
rights of citizonship ; and yet you do that by
this legislation.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator from Ore-
gon stated that if we declared them to be citi-
zens of the United States, the State of Oregon
perhaps could not forbid the sale of whisky to
them, that the keeper of the dram-shop would
be compelled to sell whisky to them the same
as to other individuals. Why, sir, there is a
law on the statute-book, I think, of every State
in the Union, unless it be Oregon alone, that
prohibits tavern-keepers and dram-shop keep-
ers from selling liquor to minors. Are they
not citizens of tho United States? I think so,
unquestionably ; and why cannot the Legisla-
ture of Minnesota or of Oregon forbid the sell-
ing of whisky to Indians after the passage of
this law? Certainly there can be no objection
to their doing so. I think while we are de-
claring a general principle, we ought to meet
the question boldly and fairly. There are but
few Indians as I understand not subject to tri-
bal authority in these different States,and surely
it will not put tho States or the people of the re-
spective States where they are to the inconven-
iences that Senators suppose. The declaration
of citizenship does not, confer any right the ex-
ercise of which on their part cannot be restrained
by a State Legislature so as to protect, the gen-
eral peace and welfare of the States. I am sure
of that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As there is so much
difficulty about this matter, and as it seems im-
possible to satisfy all gentlemen as to this
phraseology. 1 think we had better stand by tho
constitutional phrase "excluding Indians not
taxed." That means Indians not counted as
a part of our population, it is not a property
qualification at all. The people will not so un-
derstand it, and we do not so understand it. I
hope the amendment suggested by the Senator
from Missouri will not be adopted. Let us vote
upon the proposition as we have it. I think it
is in the best form in which we can place it.
Mr. HENDERSON. One word ill reply,
ft used to be supposed that this Governmentwas
made exclusively for the white man, and it was
so decided We are deciding to-day that it was
made for the white man and the black man. but
that the red man shall have no interest in it.
Mr. TRUMBIJ LL. We are not deciding any
such thing.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I assure the Sen-^
ator from Missouri that as far as the State of
Kansas is concerned, he is proposing to make
citizens of the very lowest class of Indians, the
vagrant Indians who have separated themselves
from their tribal auHioriiy.
Mr. HENDERSON. What harm will that
do?
