3558
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 3,
And here I may say that it was alleged before
the Finance Committee that Mr. Sells had a
son who was a partner of the contractors fur-
nishing- these goods. Although that is not
criminally wrong, yet certainly it creates un-
pleasant impressions.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Upon that subject, if
my honorable friend will allow me to inter-
rupt him, I desire to -say a word, as it is a
matter involving the character of Mr. Sells.
It is a fact, I believe, that his son was for a
short time connected with Perry, Fuller &
Co., in Lawrence ; but the moment the atten-
tion of the Interior Department was brought
to the fact that there was a contract existing
between the superintendent and a firm of
which his son was a member, an order was at
once issued by the Department absolutely for-
bidding any such kind of contracts being en-
tered into by any agent of the Indian depart-
ment with any firm in which any relative of
the agent or superintendent had any interest
whatever. The son of Mr. Sells immediately
withdrew from this firm, as Lunderstand the
fact to be. The contract to which reference
has been made was but for a very small por-
tion of the supplies which were sent to that
country. I will say to my honorable friend
that this whole subject was before the Indian
Committee, and pretty fully investigated, and
we became satisfied that there was nothing in
the transaction which involved the integrity of
Mr. Sells. I felt bound to say this much.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let me go on and finish
my statement. I am very glad to hear that
there was such an order ; but the Senate will
see at once the connection between what I state
now and these letters. Mr. Sells, the superin-
tendent of these Indians, it was said had a son
a member of the firm of contractors who, it
was alleged, were to have very largo and undue
sums from die Government for supplying these
very Indians. Now, the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs on the 10th of May, wrote this
letter to the Secretary of the Interior:
"Sik: In compliance with your direction under
date of tiie 7th instant, I called upon Superintendent
iSclls on the 8th for ' an approximate statement of the
disbursements made of the funds heretofore placed
to his credit, not definitely accounted for, and also
an estimato of the amount absolutely necessary to
Ere vent starvation and suffering by tho Indians of
is superintendeney up to tho closo of July next.'
" On this day Superintendent Sells has submitted
the report and estimato called for, which, with the
letter accompanying it, I have the honor to transmit
herewith."
I have that letter.
" I also transmit a letter of Agent Harlan, dated
May 1, and letters of Agents Reynolds and I>unn,
dated May 8, 1866, relating to the necessity of the
expenditures heretofore made by Superintendent
Sells, and of a continuance of supplies to the Indians
of their respective agencies."
Then, the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
very properly says:
" When'I became aware of the fact that tho ex-
penditures for subsisting and clothing theso Indians
had exceeded tho amount of funds at the disposal of
the Department applicable to that object, I directed
Superintendent Sells to incur no further expendi-
tures ill that behalf. I saw no other safe course to
pursue: but I feared then, and am certain now, that
greatsuffering will be tho result if steps are not taken
to continue the aid of the Government to these des-
titute Indians."
Here is a very simple proposition. During
the session of Congress, while we might have
been called upon at any moment, if the money
appropriated at the beginning of the session
was exhausted, no further appropriation was
made, and the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
directed the local superintendent there to stop
all disbursements on this account. If the mat-
ter had ended there, there would have been no
claim for a deficiency. A few days after, I
think the next day, the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs wrote another letter, which I believe
was also directed to Mr. Harlan, the Secretary
of the Interior. Here it is:
"Sib: On the 10th of November last I had the
boiTor to submit an estimate of the funds required to
feed nnd clothe destitute Indians of the southern
stiperintendency for the fourth quarter, 1865, and the
first quarter, 1866s and to provide them with agricult-
mal implements and seeds to enable them to pro-
vide after this year for their own subsistence.
" The number of these Indians then requiring sub-
sistence was thirty thousand seven hundred and
seventy: and the number to be clothed was thirty-
two thousand two hundred and seventy. The rav-
ages of war had rendered all these utterly destitute,
and dependent on the Government for all the neces-
saries of life.
" The amount of funds called for by Superintendent
Sells, at the time stated, to support these Indians for
six months, was $1,185,331. This I considered a rea-
sonable sum for the objects in view; but, in submit-
ting the estimato, I reduced the amount to SI,000,000,
thinking that, with economy, this would be sufficient.
" In response to this estimate, Congress, on the 23d
December, 1865, authorized a transfer of $500,000 from
appropriations remaining unexpended for the sup-
pression of tho African slave trade, to the objects tor
which funds were then asked."
I do not exactly see the connection between
the two subjects; but it seems that this agent
asked for $1,185,000; the bureau here reduced
it to $1,000,000: and the Indian Committee
then came in, and Congress, upon theirmotion,
appropriated §500,000. The Commissioner of
Indian Affairs goes on and says:
"This sum would not provide subsistence alone for
these Indians. It allowed about nine centsper da^ to
each person for the time designated. Winter being
upon them.clothingwas as necessary to prevent star-
vation as food.
"Of the fund placed at the disposal of the Depart-
ment for the support of these Indians, $480,000 were
expended bythe superintendent, and the residue has
been expended by Special Agent E. X. Smith for pro-
visions furnished the Indians by him atpoints where
no regular agent was stationed.
"The statement of Superintendent Sells, which I
had tho honor to transmit to you on the 10th instant,
(the day of its receipt,) shows that up to March 1,1866,
he had expended 3227,150 68 more than had up to that
time been placed in his hands."
How could a superintendent of Indian af-
fairs, in a remote region, dare take upon him-
self the responsibility of expending a quarter
of a million dollars without any authority of
law, when Congress had refused to make the
appropriation? Then, sir, this pregnant ques-
tion came before us, where did ho get this
money to expend? Did he run in debt or al-
low these contractors to go on furnishing sup-
plies after the money appropriated by Congress
had been exhausted? Was that the mode ; or
did he pay this money out of his own pocket?
We supposed that no Indian superintendent
could pay this sum out of his own pocket. The
probability is that he allowed the contract-
ors to go on under the old contracts to furnish
supplies. We had no other information than
this letter. What right had he, though, a sub-
ordinate officer of the Government, against
the order by his own superior, who directed
him not to expend more than the amount ap-
propriated, and who states to us in this letter
that he directed him not to expend more than
the appropriation; what authority had he to
expend more than a quarter of a million dol-
lars without authority of law, when Congress
was in session, and when no request was made
of Congress to appropriate money for this pur-
pose ? These letters were laid before the Com
mittee on Finance and they could not help but
have an influence upon our action. I will
read on.
"The sum of $50,000 has since been remitted to him
leaving a deficiency of $177,159 68 up to that date.
"The estimate of Superintendent Sells for funds
required to cover this deficiency, and continue the
subsistence of these Indians up to tho end of July
next (the time when their crops may become avail-
able) is for $777,712 18; but as he credits $45,000 instead*
of $50,000 since March 1, it should be $772,71218; as
follows:
lyor deficiency up to March 1,1866 .8177,159 68
For subsistence for 12,850 loyal Creeks,
Scminoles, and Wiehitas, from March 1,
to July 31, 1866,153 days, @ 15 cents per
day eaeh  343,102 50
For subsistence 16,500 Indians of mixed
tribes, from March 1 to July 31,1806,153
days, <a> 10 cents per day each  252,450 00
$772,712 18
That these Indians are destitute, and will really
suffer starvation if not provided for by the Govern-
ment, there can be no doubt; and I do not think the
necessary relief can be furnished for a less sum than
that indicated by the superintendent.
" In my communication of the 10th instant I stated
that I had directed Superintendent Sells"—
And here I wish again to call the attention
of the Senate—
" to discontinue expenditures for the support of these
Indians. Although I am assured that they are now
suffering for food, I do not feel authorized to revoke
this order until funds arc appropriated to meet such
expenditures."
That is what Mr. Cooley says, and very prop-
erly says, that he directed Superintendent Sells
to stop these expenditures. This is his second-
letter; and yet in the face of that it seems that
he went on and expended the money, without
regard to Congress.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to my friend
that the Commissioner says that by looking at
the dates the Sena^r will see that it was not
until after the indebtedness had been incurred
that he directed Mr. Sells to stop the expendi-
ture.
Mr. SHERMAN". I know that; but then
only $177,000 had accrued up to that time.
That was the deficiency.
Mr. STEWART. How much is it now?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know. This
letter continues:
"I cannot therefore too strongly urge early action
in this matter by Congress. When human creatures
are starving I cannot hear their'complaints with
indifference; and I feel strongly tho embarrassment
of being utterly unable to respond to their calls lor
assistance."
That is the condition of affairs. This offi-
cer undertook, anticipating an appropriation,
to expend $500,000 when Congress was in ses-
sion, and against the orders of his own supe-
rior, unless there is some discrepancy in the
dates, and I give you the letter as it was fur-
nished to us. Under these circumstances it
seemed to us proper to stop these appropria-
tions. There were a groat many other things
stated in regard to these Indian matters that I
do not care about repeating now, because I
never like to deal in matters of fact unless
I have the proof before me, or some responsi-
ble party makes the allegations ; but I take the
statement furnished here that these Indians
have absorbed more than $1,000,000, consid-
erably more than the amount appropriated for
them, and that now we are asked to appropri-
ate $500,000 more. I show you that the esti-
mate made for these expenditures«pp to the 1st
of July next is $777,000. 1 ask what assur-
ance we have, if we should now appropriate
this §500,000, that we should not have to make
good a deficiency of another $500,000 here-
after. What restraint have we over the ex-
penditure of this money? What right had Mr.
Sells to go on and expend money in advance
of an appropriation by Congress for an indefi-
nite purpose of this kind, especially when the
allegation is made to us by persons interested
in this fund—an allegation that is not contro-
verted or denied—that contracts were made
with a firm doing business in Arkansas and the
Indian Territory for flour at thirty-four dollars
a barrel and corn at eight dollars a bushel?
Under these circumstances I submit whether
a provident care of the public money should
not compel us to resort to some other manage-
ment of Indian affairs.
I do not complain of the action of the Senate
in regard to the proposed transfer of this bureau
to the War Department, because I am not sure
but what there would be the same complaints
arising if this money were expended by the
War Department; but it seems to me there
ought to be some reforms, some control, some
checks. Now Superintendent Sells in the dis-
bursement of these large sums of money is as
absolute as a dictator. It seems from these
letters that he must have violated the orders of
his superior, because Sir. Cooley tells us on the
10th of May that he directed the discontinuance
of these expenditures, and that up to the 1st of
March the amount of expenditure in excess of
the appropriation was §177,000. I want to
know where that money was got. Wasitdrawn
out of the Treasury without an appropriation?
Certainly not, because the accounting officers
would not allow them to do it. Was it money
due to the contractors who were going on fur-
nishing supplies after the fund was exhausted?
If so, they did it at their peril. Was it in vio-
lation of the orders of the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs? If so, certainly it has no claimhere,
before Congress. Who paid out that money?'
Where was it got? How could they expend
the money without an appropriation ? All these
were questions that we could not answer. The
