1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2599
The SPEAKER. This bill could not come
up next Monday immediately after the reading
of the Journal, for the morning hour of that
day has been set apart especially for another
measure.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then say Tuesday next,
after the reading of the Journal.
Mr. STEVENS. I must say that I do not
understand what the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Bingham] means. I thought it was understood
that this bill should take the course I have in-
dicated, but it so happens tliat my friend from
Ohio never agrees long to what he and the rest
of the committee may agree to at any time upon
any particular point.
Mr. BINGHAM. I beg the gentleman's
pardon; I never understood any such thing.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not understand the
force of the objection of the gentleman from
Ohio when he says that we ought to go on and
Eiss this bill so that it maybe presented to the
egislatures now in session. These bills which
have been reported from the joint committee
on reconstruction are not to be presented to
the Legislatures now in session or to any Le-
gislatures,whether now in session or not. It is
only the proposed amendment to the Constitu-
tion of the United States which is to be sub-
mitted to tlie Legislatures of the several States
for their action. Therefore, whether we proceed
• to pass this bill to-day or two weeks hence will
not make a particle of difference in that respect.
The gentleman is mistaken ; a confusion of
ideas has taken possession of his mind, gener-
ally so clear, when he supposes that it is neces-
sary to proceed with the consideration of this
bill now in order to enable the proposed amend-
ment to the Constitution to be ratified by the
Stati? Legislatures. The moment the Senate
shall pass the amendment, if they do pass it,
it will be sent to the Legislatures of the various
Spates for their action, whether we pass this
bill or not, and before we have passed any
bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. With all respect to my
venerable friend, I must say that the "con-
fusion of ideas" is with himself. The remark
I made was this, that if this bill be amended
the Legislature of one of these insurrectionary
States is now in session 
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman mentioned
several northern States.
Mr. BINGHAM. I mentioned the several
northern States in regard to the other matter.
In regard to the -several northern States, if the
bill is to pass as reported by the committee, it
might become a matter of very serious consid-
eration with the Legislature of a northern State
whether it should not before action upon the
question look into the conditions of this bill
and ascertain the will of Congress, to wit, that
this constitutional amendment must first become
a part of the Constitution of tlie United States
before any State lately in insurrection, by adopt-
ing it and conforming its own constitution and
laws to it, can be restored to representation in
Congress. That becomes a very serious mat-
ter in this respect, if we want speedy restoration
of these States. If this bill is to pass as it came
from the committee and without amendment,,
it will, I submit to the House, be necessary
that the Legislatures of all the northern States,
except those whose Legislatures may be in ses-
sion, shall be convened as soon as practicable
for the purpose of ratifying this amendment
and laying the foundation, according to the
very terms of your bill, for the restoration of
the late" insurrectionary States. As the meas-
ures stand before the House, if they are not
changed in one line or word, they are to be
taken as an entirety, and the whole people of
this country, therefore,, have a direct interest
in the final action of Congress upon them, and
ought to know our jinal action before being
called upon to act upon them. If the measures
be finally passed as they now stand, the con-
stitutional amendment must be first ratified by
the northern States or three fourths of the
States now represented in Congress before any
of the insurrectionary States may ratify it, re-
organize their government, and be admitted to
representation. Upon that state of the case,
I am sure gentlemen who desire the speedy
restoration of those States cannot favor any
unnecessary postponement of this bill.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, the proposed
amendment to the Constitution may be a good
and perfect amendment, without any reference
to the bills which are to be passed in further-
ance of that amendment or to carry it into
effect, or what is more, without reference to
bills making exceptions with regard to those
who shall hold office. It may be that the bill
disfranchising or rendering ineligible to office
certain persons in the southern States may or
may not pass; but how does that affect the
constitutional amendment? Not in the least.
There is no reference to it in the constitutional
amendment.. So also with regard to the other
bills which declare certain things with regard
to those States. Eaeli of them stands by itself.
One may fall and the other may stand, with-
out affecting the constitutional amendment
at all. None of those bills arc submitted to
the States of the Union; none of them are sub-
mitted to the northern States. Therefore the
plea of the gentleman amounts to nothing.
But the first bill which now comes before us
for consideration recites that Congress has sub-
mitted to the Legislatures of the different
States certain, propositions for amendment of
the Constitution, reciting the very amendment
which we have sent to the Senate. Now, it is
not true that Congress has submitted such an
amendment to the respective State Legislatiu-es.
As it stands at present, that recital is a false-
hood upon the face of the bill. Now, in what
position would this House place itself if we
should go on and pass this bill making that re-
cital, and the Senate should fail to pass the
measure which wo have recited as passed? Tt
would make us look ridiculous. It isan absurd-
ity to ask it; and I do not understand why it
should be asked, unless to render this House
more ridiculous than it can be made in any
other way.
1 trust, therefore, that the business of the
House will not be needlessly interrupted and
the time of the House wasted in the considera-
tion and passage of bills which may become
nugatory by the action of the Senate. When
the Senate shall have concurred in our action
on the constitutional amendment it will be
time enough for us to go on and pass the bill
reciting the action of both branches of Con-
gress. I think, therefore, that this day two
weeks hence, when we shall have got through
other business now before us, it will be time
enough to take up this bill. The constitutional
amendment, as I have learned this morning,
will not come up in the Senate till Tuesday of
next week; and a week will probably bo re-
quired to discuss the proposition.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I trust that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens]
will consent that the postponement shall be
until after the expiration of the morning hour
on the day named. Let us have the morning
hour for reports of committees.
Mr. SCHENCK. With the permission of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, I would
make a further inquiry, not merely as to the
propriety of having this special order come up
after the morning hour so as to save the cur-
rent business of the House, but as to the ne-
cessity of postponing at all House bill No. 544,
declaring certain persons ineligible to office
under the Government of the United States.
All the reasons assigned by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevexs] apply to that
bill.
A part of the scheme reported by the com-
mittee on reconstruction is the House bill No.
544, declaring certain persons ineligible to
office under the Government of the United
States. It seems to me as a part of the scheme
of reconstruction it should bo taken up and
postponed with the other bill. Thus we will
so far indicate to the Senate and the country
what we are ready and prepared to do in refer-
ence to one item in this account rendered from
the committ ee on reconstruction.
Mr. STEVENS. I have not spoken of that
bill because I believe it comes up to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. The Chair-will state if
this bill be postponed the other bill will come,
up immediately.
Mr. STEVENS. I am only speaking of the
one now before the House. I agree to.the
suggestion of the chairman of the Committee,
on the Judiciary that this bill shall be post-;
poned until after the morning hour. '
The SPEAKER. That will put it behind
House bill No. 450, to reduce and establish the
pay, of officers, and to regulate the pay of sol-
diers of the Army of tlie United States.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I will let it stand as
it is.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. ( I suggest to the
chairman of the Committee' on Military Affairs
that, by unanimous copsent, that bill shall fol-
low after the morning hour. It will lose noth-
ing by it. «
Mr. SCHENCK. Although we are prepared
and disposed to go on with that bill, I am will-
ing it shall come in after the bills on recon-
struction, unless it shall come up in regular
order before. This I do with the understand-
ing it will induce the gentleman to save the
morning hour to the current business.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that the bill be
postponed for one week, to come up after the
morning hour; and on that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 55, nays 73, not voting
55; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Delos E. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, I! id well, Bing-
ham, Brandcgee, Bromwell, BroomaH, Header W.
Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Cullom, Diiwes.Detrces, Delano,
Deminer, Donnelly. Drinss.Eckley, Eggleston, Ferry,
Griswold, Ilayes, Henderson,lligby, Asahcl \V.Hub-
hard. Chester 1). Itubbiud, John IX. Hubbard, James
It. llubbell, Hulburd, Jenekes, Kasson, Kctcham,
Kuykendnll, George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence,
Mars ton, Moliee, Moorhead, N ewell, Perham, Plants,
Price, William II. Randall, Sehenek, Spalding, Stil-
well, Van Aernam, Henry D. Washburn, Welker,
Whaley, and Windom—5o.
NAYS—Messrs. Aneona, Baxter, Benjamin, Ber-
gen, Blaine, Blow, Boutwell.Boyer, Chanler, Sidney
Clarke, Conkling, Da-rling, llavis, Itcnison, Dumont,
Eldridge, Finck, Garfield, Glossbrenncr, Goodyear,
Slider, Aaron HarJine, Abner C. Harding, Hart,
Ifogan, Holmes, Hotchkiss, Demas Hubbard, Edwin
N. Hubbell, IngersoU, Julian, Kclley, Kerr, Laflin,
Latham, Le Blond, Loan, Longyear, MeClur^, Me-
Cullongh, Mcltucr, Merenr, Miller, Morrill, Niblaek,
Nicholson, Ortli, Paine,Pike,Bitter,Rogers, Rollins,
Ross, Sawyer, Sha,nklin,Sitgreaves,Stevens, Strouse,
Tabcr,Taylor, Thayer, Francis Thomas.Trimble, Bart
Van Horn, Ward, Warner, Elihu 13. Washburne,
William B. Washburn, Williams, James F. Wilson,
Stephen F. Wilson, Woodbridge, and Wright—73.
In OT VO'ITNG—Messrs. Alley, Allison,Banks, Bar-
ker, Beaman, Buekland. Bundy, Coffroth, Culver,
Dawson. Dixon, Dodge. Eliot, Farnsworth, Fa,ruuhar,
(jriniiell, Hale, Harris, Hill, Hooper, James Hum-
phrey, James M. Humphrey, Johnson, Jones, Kolso,
Lynch, Marshall, Marvin, Mclndoe, Morris, Moulton,
Myers, Noell, O'Neill, Patterson, Phelps, Pomeroy,
Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Raymond, Alexander
II. Rice, John H. Rice, Rousseau, Scofield, Shella-
barger, Sloan, Smith, Starr, John L. Thomas, Thorn-
ton, Trowbridge, Upson, Robert T. Van Horn, Went-
worth, and Winfield—55.
So the motion was disagreed to.
The question then recurred on the motion to
postpone for two weeks, after the morning
hour.
The motion was agreed to.
INELIGIBILITY OF REBELS.
The SPEAKER stated the next business in
order to be a bill (H. It. No. 544) declaring
certain persons ineligible to office under the
Government of the United States.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that be postponed
to the day following the bill just disposed of
Mr. PRICE. Is that debatable?
The SPEAKER. To a limited extent, but
not as to the merits of the whole question.
Mr. PRICE. I cannot consent to let the
vote be taken without saying a few words why
the bill should not be postponed. The bill is
looked on by all loyal men North and South
as vital to the interests of this Government,
and I am amazed that we do not pass it at
once. , • , , ,
The people have been asking, and nobody
lias been able to answer the question, wliy the
