1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3&J9
Committee on Finance, therefore, did not act
upon these appropriations, simply because we
had not satisfactory information on the subject.
Mr. DOOLITTLB. I do not wish to occupy
She time of the Senate, but will call to mind
two or three things in a very few words. It
will bo remembered that this estimate from the
Interior Department came at the very begin-
ning of the session. The estimate then was
SI, 100,000 for the purpose of keeping these
Indians from starving until something could
grow out of the ground for them to eat. It
went to the Committee on Indian Affairs. It
seemed very large. We had already paid out
a great deal of money for these Indians. A
proposition was made to furnish $500,000, and
as Congress would not probably adjourn until
spring, if that could not carry them on we would
pass another appropriation and help the thing
through. We could not let these Indians starve
on our hands. They were our friends, who
had been driven into Kansas on a.cconnt of
their loyalty to the Government. Under a law
of Congress the Secretary of the Interior had
been compelled to take them back to their own
country, where there was no corn and no vege-
tation growing. They were on our hands. It
was in the winter when nothing would grow.
The fact is that we did appropriate that
$500,000, and the Department has been con-
stantly pressing on us the consideration of this
additional appropriation which would be neces-
sary.
Mr. SHERMAN. Who furnished the money
to Mr. Sells?
Mr. DOOLITTLB. I do not know. I sup-
pose the contractors made contracts for the
delivery of these goods. I presume they have
kept delivering them right along.
Now, Mr. President,,the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, looking the subject all over, being
just as anxious as we could be to get rid of
this expenditure, came finally to the conclusion
to recommend the appropriation of $500,000,
which will pay for what has been expended,
and leave about one hundred and twenty-
five thousand dollars to carry the thing along
until the 1st of August. By that*time we
thought these Indians could live from what
grew out of the ground in that country, and
what game they could secure or fish they could
take in the river. Up to that point we were
willing to go; but there the matter was to stop,
and that was to be the end of any of this ex-
penditure for the purpose of sustaining these
refugee Indians. That was our conclusion.
It was with that view that we recommended
the passage of the joint resolution which we
reported, and .which we now propose to put as
an amendment on this bill. It seems to us to
be a necessity.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to ask how
many Indians there are that the Department
has been feeding.
Mr. D O OLITTLE. There were about twenty
thousand of the northern Indians, and some
things were furnished after the war was over
to some of the southern Indians, who were suf-
fering also. I have here a detailed estimate, not
made by Superintendent Sells, going into all the
details. We put the amount down to the very
lowest figure that we could. It would not do
to let these Indians starve and let their blood
be upon our hands. Their rations are as low
as they can possibly be to live, in my opinion.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLB. T will state that there
are some two or three matters connected with
Indian affairs in relation to some deficiencies,
one of them in the Territory of Nevada, but
they did not come to the committee in time to
enable us to consider them sufficiently to offer
them to this bill. We propose therefore to
offer them hereafter upon the miscellaneous
appropriation bill.
Mr. GRIMES. I offer the following amend-
ment to come in as an additional section:
And be it further enrtc ted, That any loyal person, a
citizen ol the United States, ol'goudmoralcharacter,
shall be permitted to trade with any Indian tribe
upon givius bond in the penal sum of not less than
So,000 nor more than $10,000, with at least two good
securities, to be approved by the superintendent of
the district within which such person proposes to
trade, renewable each year, conditioned'that such
person will faithfully observe all the laws and regu-
lations made for tho government of trade and inter-
course with Indian tribes, and in no respect violate
thesame: Provided. Ihat the laws now in force regu-
lating trade and intercourse wit h-Indian tribes, affect- [
ing licensed traders and prescribing tho powers and
duties of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, super-
intendents, agents, and sub-agents in connection
therewith, shall be continued in force and apply to
traders under this provision, except as herein other-
wise provided.
When the bill was under consideration in
the Senate which came from the special com-
mittee, I believe, of which the Senator from
Wisconsin [Mr. Doolitti.e] was chairman, I
submitted an amendment in general terms em-
bodying the idea that is embraced in this amend-
ment. It was adopted with great unanimity by
the Senate, and went to the House of Repre-
sentatives ; but the bill still'lingers in that body.
The amendment which I have now offered is
the substance of that, except that it has been
redrawn by a colleague of mine who is a mem-
ber of the Indian Committee in the House of
Representatives.
,Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not think there can
be any objection to the amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. The bill remains unacted
upon in the House of Representatives in con-
sequence of some inability to report it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If I understand that
amendment, the party gives a bond to comply
with all the regulations for keeping whisky and
contraband articles out of the Indian country.
That is so, is it not?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed. and the amendments were concurred in, and
ordered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read
a third time. It was read tlie third time and
passed.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, the title of
the bill was amended by adding the words,
"and for other purposes."
PREVENTION OF SJIUGGLI.XU.
Mr. CHANDLER submitted the following
report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (S. No. 222) en-
titled. "An act further to prevent smuggling and tor
other purposes," having met. after full andfree con-
ference thev have agreed to recommcud, and do rec-
ommend, to their respective Houses as follow;':
That the Senate a,greo to the first amendment of the
House of Representatives to tho bill: and that it a greo
to the second amendment of the House of Represent a-
tives to the bill, and that it agree to the third amend-
mentof the House of Representatives to thebill.and
that it agree to the fourth amendment ot the House
of Representatives to the bill.
That the Senate agree to the fifth amendment
of the House of Representatives to the bill with an
amendment as follows: " in all cases where tho pos-
session of such goods shall be shown to bo in the de-
fendant, or where the defendant shall be shown to
have had possession!hereof, sueh possession shall be
deemed evidence sufficient to authorize conviction,
unless the defendant shall explain the possession to
the satisfaction of the jury."
That the Senate agree to the sixth amendment of
the House of Representatives to the bill, and that the
Senate agree to the seventh amendment of the House
of Representatives to the bill.
7,. CIIANDLEtt.
■JOIINCONNKSS, f
Mauaaer* on the part of the Mate.
THOMAS D. ELIOT,
JOHN L. THOMAS,
Managem on the part of the House.
The report was concurred in.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Denis Sullivan, of
Alexandria, Louisiana, prayino-forcompensation for
property destroyed by force? of the United States, be
taken from the tiles ot tho Senate and referred to tho
Committee on Claims.
MESSAGE FII0*31 TUE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, Chief Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
a resolution tendering the thanks of Congress
to the working men of Lyons, France, for the
presentation of a silken flag in memory of the
late President Lincoln, to the Government of
the United States, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had agreed to the
report of the'Committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H. R.
No. lily) to continue in force and to amend
an act to establish a Bureau for the Relief of
Freedmen and Refugees, and for other pur-
poses.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed the following enrolled bills and joint
resolution: which were thereupon signed by
the President pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 37) making a grant of lands
in alternate sections to aid in the construction
and extension of the Iron Mountain railroad
from Pilot Knob, in the State of Missouri, to
Helena, in Arkansas;
A bill (S. No. 58) granting land to the State
of Oregon to aid in the construction of a mili-
tuiy wagon road from Corvallis to the Aquina
bay;
A bill(S. No. 99) granting lands to the State
of Oregon to aid in the construction of a mili-
tary road from Albany, Oregon to the eastern
boundary of said State;
A bill (S. No. 150) making additional grant
of lands to the State of Minnesota, in alternate
sections, to aidinthe construction of a railroad
in said State ;
A bill (S. No. 1G8) to provide forthe dispo-
sal of certain lands therein named ;
A bill (S. No. 221 (.relating to lands granted
to the iState of Minnesota to aid in construct-
ing railroads :
A bill (PI. R. No. 725) to provide for the
payment of the sixth, eighth, and eleventh
regiments of Ohio volunteer militia, of Cin-
cinnati, Bard's company of cavalry, and Paul-
sen's battery, during the time they were in the
service of the United States in 1862;
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 52) to enable
the people of the United States to participate
in the advantages of the Universal Exhibition
at Paris in 1807 ;
A bill (H. R. No. G13) to continue in force
and to amend an act to establish a Bureau for
the Relief of Frccdmcn and Refugees, and for
other purposes; and
A bill (H. R. No. G83) for the relief of J.
Judson Barclay.
THANKS TO WORKING MEN OF LYONS.
The Senate proceeded to consider the fol-
lowing concurrent resolution from the House
of Representatives:
Resolved hv the Hou?e of Representatives, (the Senate
concurring,) That the thanks of Congress be, and
are hereby, tendered to the woiking men of Lyons,
France, who have presented a silken flag prepared
at their instance by the Weavers' Association of that
city in memory of the late President Lincoln, and
intended to be displayed at tho ceremonies of Con-
gress on the 12th of February last; and that tho flag
bo deposited with the archives of the Government in
the State Department.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate
concur with the House of Representatives in
that resolution. It is not necessary that it
should bo referred. I have examined it at
the desk.
The motion was agreed to.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. HOWARD. My colleague [Mr. Chand-
ler] is about to be absent for the purpose of
visiting his home, and I venture to ask for
him leave of absence for one week from this
time.
Leave was granted.
MASSACIIUSETTS MILITARY CLAIMS.
Mr. WILSON. I am difected by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia to
report a joint resolution (S. R. No. 121) pro-
viding for the auditing of the accounts of the
State of Massachusetts for moneys expended
during the war for coast defense.
The joint resolution was read a first time by
its title and passed to a second reading.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to have, (hat
