2600
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
committee have failed for so long a time to
give us .something definite to act upon; and
bow after nearly six months have elapsed and
the country has been advertised that the bill is
before the House and the people have been
Remanding that something ought to be done in
reference to the question, a motion is made
very coolly to postpone it for two weeks longer.
And I am informed by my friend on my right
[Mr, Brandegee] that the motion to'postpone
the previous bill received the united vote of the
Democratic party. That, sir, ought to go on
record. The last bill had it, and the fair pre-
sumption is that this bill will have it. I will
not charge that, because I would fain hope even
against hope that the Democratic party here
will not vote to postpone this bill as they voted
to postpone the last. They are not accounta-
ble, however, for our action, and I enter my
solemn protest, for one, against the further post-
ponement of this question, which is one of
such vifal interest to the country.
If rebels are to be' disfranchised let us say so
at once and not dodge the issue. We are as
well prepared to act upon the question now as
two weeks or two months or two years hence.
We have considered the matter from every stand-
point for six mouths, and if members of this
House are not prepared to vote upon it, I think
I am safe in saying that everybody out of Con-
gress is prepared to do it if they have an oppor-
tunity. Go into any part of the country to-day
and talk to your constituencies, and you will
be met by this question, "Why do you not
give us some platform of principles or indicate
to us what you propose to do in reference to
allowing these Slates to come back into the
Union, and upon what terms you propose to
readmit thera?"
Hitherto we have said to the people, "The
committee have had the matter under consid-
eration and we expect a report soon." But now
the bill is reported and is on our files, where it
has lain for two weeks, and when the matter is
brought tip for consideration after so long a
time, after such an intense anxiety has been
exhibited by the people for the immediate con-
sideration of rbo question, the motion is very
coolly made to postpone it for two weeks
longer.
Sir, no man can tell what even a day may
bring forth, much less two weeks: and I under-
take to say, without fear of successful contra-
diction, that if this Congress is not prepared
to vote on this bill to-day, it will not be pre-
pared two weeks hence, nor at any future time.
I do hope, for the salte of consistency, that this
Congress will not vote to postpone it, but will
take it up and act upon it, and say to the peo-
ple of the country what we propose to do in
reference to the readmission of these men.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. Speaker, lagree, for
one, entirely with what the gentleman from
Iowa [Sir. Price] has said, and with what was
said by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bing-
ham ;] and I think it would be a great mistake
to suppose that oil the part of the committee
there is any intention or desire whatever to
postpone the consideration of this question;
that is, to postpone it in the sense which has
been suggested.
Now, I understand that it is a mere practi-
cal question of wisdom in conducting legisla-
tion, whether we had better take up these bills
before the Senate has acted, blind as we must
be, of course, as to the particular action the
Senate will take, and act upon them finally, or
whether we shall wait and see whether the
action of the Senate upon the proposed consti-
tutional amendment renders it desirable for us
to amend or in any way change these bills.
That is the whole question as I understand
it. The purpose of the chairman of the com-
mittee is to bring about at the earliest possible
day final action upon this bill; that is to say,
at the earliest day when it can be safely and
under?(andingly taken.
Undoubtedly, sir, we ought to have a policy.
Undoubtedly we ought to show what we all feel,
a willingness to act at oncc upon this ques-
tion ; and I beg to assure the gentleman from
Iowa, [Mr. Price]—and I am certain I can
speak for the whole committee—that they have
every wish to carry this bill through at once,
without delay; and the only difference between
the gentleman from Iowa and the chairman of
the committee is as to the bestmode of reaching
one and the same result.
Mr. HIGBY. I would liketo ask the gen-
tleman a question, and that is, whether the
action of Congress upon this bill as proposed
will depend upon the results of the action^ upon
the proposed constitutional amendment in the
Senate, or whether we cannot act upon this as
an independent question, without reference to
the joint resolution to amend the Constitution ?
Mr. CONKLING-. I answer the gentleman
from California [Mr. Higby] that whether we
can or cannot is entirely accidental. Suppose
the Senate should make some amendment to
the joint resolution we have sent them, which
amendment would render it necessary to modify
one or both of these bills, even the bill of which
he now speaks, the bill declaring certain per-
sons ineligible to office under the Government
of the United States. Suppose, for example,
that the Senate should strike out the third sec-
tion of the proposed amendment of the Consti-
tution, or should so modify it as to embrace
only certain limited clauses, and the gentleman
from California or any other member of this
House should want to enlarge somewhat the
scope of this bill, he will see at once that it
will be very necessary to have it before us still
subject to modification.
Mr. HIGBY. Suppose the proposed amend-
ment to the Constitution does not pass the Sen-
ate ; would there be any objection to both
branches of Congress acting upon this bill and
passing it?
Mr. CONKLING. If the gentleman from
California [Mr. Higby] wishes to inquire of
me, for I have no right to speak for anybody
else, whether with or without the proposed con-
stitutional amendment I should be in favor of
this disability bill, I "will answer him that I
should. I say that, constitutional amendment
or no constitutional amendment, I am opposed
to the ring leaders of this revolt ever being al-
lowed again to bold any offices of emolument
or trust under the Government of the United
States. I agree with the gentleman from Cal-
ifornia that that measure is just as strong if
the constitutional amendment shall fail in the
Senate or before the Legislatures of the several
States as it would be if the amendment should
pass.
But I submit to him, and I am sure he will
agree with me, that it is far safer for this House
to have before it both of those measures, so as
to adapt them as perfectly as they may be
adapted to the action of the Senate, than it
would be to go on blindly now and pass either
of them before we know certainly what will be
the result of the action of the Senate upon the
pi'oposed amendment.
And now, unless it will cut off some gentle-
man who desires to speak, I will demand the
previous question upon the motion to postpone.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman with-
draw for a momenthis demand for the previous
question?
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. BIN GHAM. I have felt desirous, be-
cause I supposed it was the wish of the House,
that we might be permitted to proceed with the
consideration of the revenue bill until they
shall have completed it, which I suppose would
be by Tuesday next. And therefore I have
been disposed, with the consent of my friend
from Iowa, [Mr. Piuuu,] to move to postpone
the farther consideration of this bill, No. 544,
until after the reading of the Journal on Tues-
day next; believing that the House in the
interim can dispose of the pending revenue
bill.
Mr. CONKLING. I will suggest to my
friend from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] that the re-
sult of his motion, if agreed to, would bo to
reverse the order in which this bill was reported
to the House by the committee.
Mr. BINGHAM. I understand that. But
these bills are in no manner dependent upon
or connected with each other. The o;i« now
under consideration contains no recital of
portion of either of the other measures, ami
has no connection with either of them.
Mr. CONKLING. As the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevexs] made the motion
to postpone the further consideration of this
bill I prefer that he take the floor upon it.
Mr. STEVENS. The House can postpone
it or consider it now.
Mr. BIN GHAM. I have no objection to con-
sidering it now.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope it will not be con-
sidered now. I presume that the members- of
the House would prefer to go on and finish the
internal revenue bill. I am anxious that the
morning hour shall commence, that we may
have some work done upon the special order,
the revenue bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I now call the previous"
question on my motion to postpone the further
consideration of this bill till two weeks from
to-morrow after the morning hour. If tire
House prefers to go on with the bill now they
can vote down the motion to postpone.
The previous question was seconded and the-
main question ordered.
The motion of Mr. Stevexs, to postpone was
agreed to ; there being—ayes 62, noes 37.
Mr. PRICE called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered
Mr. PRICE called for tellers on ordering the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
Mr. PRICE. I see that gentlemen are afraid
to go on the record.
PURCHASES OF PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to reconsider'the
vote by which Senate bill No. 203, entitled
l:An act to enable the New York and Mon-
tana Iron Mining and Manufacturing Company
to purchase a certain amount of the public
lands not now in the market," was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
The SPEAKER. -That motion will be en-
tered.
AMERICAN COTTON COMPANY.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill introduced by
me this morning, to incorporate the American
Cotton Company of the District of Columbia,
was referred to the Committee for the District
of Columbia.
The SPEAKER. The motion will be en-
tered.
AMENDMENT OF TERRITORIAL ACTS.
The SPEAKER announced, as the unfin-
ished business of the morning hour, House bill
508, to amend the organic acts of the Territo-
ries of Nebraska, Colorado, Dakota, Montana,
Washington, Idaho, Arizona, LTtah, and New
Mexico.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I move to amend
the bill by striking out all after the enacting
clause and inserting the following:
That the several acts establishing territorial gov-
ernments for the Territories of Nebraska, Colorado,
Dakota, Mont ana,Washington, Idaho, Arizona, CJtah,
and New Mexico, and ail aots amendatory thereof,
be, and the same are hereby, amended as follows, to
wit: the Legislative Assemblies of each ot the Ter-
ritories named shall pass no special aets conferring-
corporate powers, but they may authorize the fonna-
tion of corporations (except tor banking purposes}
under general laws, which may be altered or repealed
at any time; and the property of ail corporations
which may hereafter be organized, or which now
exist, shall be subject to the same taxation as tho
property of individuals.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the I.ecrifla-
tive Assemblies of the Territories aforesaid, rot-pct-
ivcly, shall, at their first session after tho parage of
this act, provide by general laws for thcorgjm/.ation
of associations for commercial, rnanutartm-inr and
mining purposes, for ferries, bridges, turnpikes, ami
toll-roads, for churches, colleges, and literary and
other associations, arid for tho incorporation of cities
and villages, restricting their power of taxation,
assessment, borrowing money, contracting debts and
loaning their credit, so as to prevent the abuse of
such power.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That the
t've Assemblies of each of the Territories almesaifl
Shalt, at their first session after the pass.ycu ut this
act, proscribe by law the maimer in which a!! cor-
porations heretofore authorised by aets rfsaid Terri*
