3560
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
J i lly 3,
resolution acted upon at the present time. It
proposes to authorize the appointment of two
commissioners to examine into the claims of
the Stale of Massachusetts for something like
four hundred thousand dollars expended for
coast defense. A joint resolution on this sub-
ject was reported the other day by the Sena-
tor from Rhode Island, [Mr. Spragtje,] from
the Military Committee, but objection, was
made to it at the time; and in order to get the
facts of the case this resolution proposes the
appointment of two commissioners by the Sec-
retary of War to examine into the subject.
Mr. GRIMES. Let us have it printed, so
that we can see what it looks like.
The PRESIDENT pro iempore. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts asks the unanimous
consent of the Senate that the resolution now
reported by him may be considered at the
present time.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to see it in
print.
Mr. WILSON. Let it be read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the joint r-esolution lies over under
the rule.
LEVEES OF THE MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. CLARK. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No. 405.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 405) making appropriation for the con-
struction and repair of the levees of the Mis-
sissippi river, in the States of Mississippi, Lou-
isiana, and Arkansas, and for the improvement
of the river, was read a second time and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It ap-
propriates the sum of 81,500,000 to reconstruct
and repair the levees on the Mississippi river,
in the States of Louisiana, Mississippi, and
Arkansas. This sum, or «o much thereof as
may be necessary, is to bo expended, under
the direction of the Secretary of War, for the
purpose mentioned, as follows: S590.000 in
the State of Louisiana, SG-m.OOO in the State
of Mississippi, and §^00,000 in the State of
Arkansas, as nearly as may be, with a proper
regard to the efficiency of the repair. The
Secretary of War is, at the next session of
Congress, to make an accurate and detailed
report to each House of the amount of money
expended under this act,; the amount of work
done, how, and in what manner; where, and
by whom; the particular levees repaired or
reconstructed; the rates paid for work and
material; the condition of the levees; the area
protected by such_repairs or reconstruction,
and what sums, it' any, remain unexpended.
Mr. CLAIfK. There was a report submitted
by the coram ittco who had this subject in charge,
and X will ask for the reading of the report, as
It states the matter ap succinctly as I could do it.
The Secretary read the following report, sub-
mitted by Mr. Clark on the 2d instant, from
the select committee on the subject:
The select committee appointed by the Senate, to
whom was referred the memorials from tho boards
of leveo commissioners for theStato of Louisiana and
the Yazoo valley district of tho State of Mississippi,
praying the aid of Congress in the reconstruction of
tho levees on the Mississippi river,submit the follow-
ing report:
The subject of protecting the alluvial lands in tho
valley of tho river from overflow by its
annua] flood* lu-.s in former years engaged tho atten-
tion of Congress, and various legislative provisions
have been adopted havingthat objectm view. Levees
constructed pi ivatc exertion in the Stat« of Louisi-
ana had reclaimed alargo body of swamp land, stated
as high as two million acres, which was sold and the
proceeds curried to tho public Treasury. In consid-
erationofthe benefit'thus derived, and for other rea-
sons, by tho act of Consrres^ approved March 2,1849,
tho remaining swamp lands in Louisiana were do-
\sared to that State for levee purposes, By the act of
Co gross approved 28th September, 1S."0, tho same
provision was extended to Arkansas and other States
'in which alluvial and overflowed Lands existed.
By tho act of Congress approved September 30,
38.")0, making appropriations for the civil and diplo-
matic expenses of the Government, tho sum of $50,000
was appropriated for tho"M topographical and hydro-
graphical survey of tho delta of the Mississippi, with
such investigations as may tend to determine the
most practicable plan for securing it from inunda-
tion, and tho best mode of so deepening tho passes
at tae mouth of the river as to allow ships of twenty
ieet draught to enter the same."
By the act of Congress approved August 31, 1852,
making appropriations for the Army, an additional
appropriation of $50,000 was made "for continuing
the topographical and hydrogiaphical survey of the
delta of the Mississippi, with such investigations as
may tend to determine the most practicable plan for
securing it from inundation."
In pursuance of these appropriations extended sur-
veys and investigations were carried on for several
years under the direction of Captain (now Major Gen-
eral) A. A. Humphreys', of the United States Engineer
corps; and the report, prepared bv this officer was
submitted in August, 1861, to the War Department.
In December last General Humphreys was in-
structed by the War Department to make an exam-
ination of tho river, with a view to the speedy rep«ir
of the principal breaks in the levees. This survey
was completed by the 8th of January last; but as
neither General Canby nor the War Department pos-
sessed the requisite means for the execution of the
repairs, no work on the levees was done. General
Humphieys's report of this survey has been commu-
nicated to the Senate, and has materially facilitated
the labors of the committee.
The country which will be protected by a proper
system of levees is the alluvial bottom of the Missis-
sippi river, of great and inexhaustible fertility. Its
area is stated by General Humphreys at "31,700
square miles; of which a mere narrow strip, along
the banks of the river and along a few bayous, has
been openedfor cultivation. Of this area 12,300squaro
miles is below lied river, and belongs to the sugar re-
gion. Under a proper system of drainage one third
of it may be eventually opened and cultivated, to
wit, 2,500,000 acres. There arc now under cultiva-
tion m this region about 1,000,000 acres. Of the
remaining 19,400 square miles, perhaps 3,000 square
miles may be north of the cotton-growing region,
leaving some 10,01)0 square miles within that region,
of the most fertile alluvion, two thirds of which
may be finally rendered cultivable under a'proper
system of leveeing and draining. This would give
7,000,000 acres of cultivated land, capable of grow-
ing a bale of cotton to tho acre."
This product would be much larger than any crop
yet raised in the United States.
The first levees wcie made by individual effort.
Then came county and district organizations in tho
States of Louisiana and Mississippi, under the sanc-
tion of tho State authority ; and at the beginning of
tho war much had been effected for this important
object. But the outbreak of hostilities stopped the
progress of the work. During the war many breaks
occurred by the action of tho floods, and at some
points largo openings in the levees were eut for mil-
itary purposes. In four years nothing was done for
protection or repairs; and tho work of repair by the
State of Louisiana during the past winter did not
withstand the spring freshet, and has for tho most
part boon swept away.
The important breaches in the levees are enumer-
ated in the report of General Humphreys, and are
described in detail; but it is known that some others
have occurred since his survey was made, and those
which then existed have been much enlarged. The
number of acres now overflowed cannot bo stated
except approximately: but it appears that thirteen
of the most fertile parishes of Louisiana are nearly
or quite desolated, while others are partly overflowed.
To this must bo added much the larger portion of the
cultivated lands in tho Yazoo valley district of Mis-
sissippi, and nearly the whole of the cultivated allu-
vial country in eastern Arkansas.
General Humphreys estimates for tho complete and
permanent repair of all tho levees of tho river as fol-
lows :
Cubic yards.
For tho State of Arkansas 3,000,000 $1,200,000
For the State of Mississippi  - 1,500,000
For tho State of Louisiana 3,000,000 1,200,U00
Total for permanent repairs of all the levees,S3,900,000
It is urged, howoyer, by the delegates of the levoe
commissioners that the above sum would be insuffi-
cient, and to provide for smaller breaks, and the i c-
cent caving of the banks, large additional amounts
must bo raised either by the Government or by the
people in that country.
The committee are satisfied that the people of these
States are unable, without aid from the Govern-
ment, to undcrtako and complete tho necessary re-
pairs. At present there is a general bankruptcy of
means. They possess neither the labor nor the money;
and, with overflowed lands-and general pecuniary
distress^it isimpossible for them to command credit.
In tho State of Louisiana thousands of families have
been forced to fly from their homes and arcsupported
by publio and private charity. And in districts where
the distress has been less immediate, tho fruits of
industry have been swept away by successive floods.
But, even if this impoverishment did not exist, so
numerous and so largo are the crevasses in the river
that it would hardly be practicable to lescuo any
large portion of the country by the unaided efforts of
tho people. Unless the resources of the nation be
promptly interposed, a large extent of country, sup-
porting a numerous population of both races, must
be abandoned and will speedily relapse into its ori-
ginal wild and uncultivated condition, and the gen-
eral prosperity of the country very sensibly affected.
■the question would seem, therefore, to be as to tho
extent to which, in view of the pressing need of the
people and the great national interests at stake,
relief should be afforded by the Government. That
this relief should assume tho form of an appropri-
ation for a work of anoxtensivenature, and demand-
ing a largo sum for its completion, does not appear
advisablo in tho present condition of the Treasury.
The committee are of opinion that the amount of aid
to be granted should be limited to repairing, in
an effective and durable manner, those important
breaches which are beyond the power of individual
or local effort, and by the closing of which large dis-
tricts formerly cultivated may be rescued from the
floods, until by one or more crops tho planters may
be able to provide for their own security. Having
in view these principles and the extent to which these
works may be aided by tho efforts of the resident
population, the committee submit a bill, the effect
of which they confidently believe will be the recla-
mation of a large body of land in season for the crop
of the next year.
The committee propose to confide this work to the
United States Government engineers under the direc-
tion of the War Department.
It is hardly necessary to enlarge upon the great
national and political importance of this measure.
Tho area of land now proposed to be rescued from
the floods, by the repair of the levees, is the Yazoo
bottom of tho State of Mississippi, the Tensas bot-
tom of Aikansas and Louisiana, and the delta of tho
Mississippi. These bottoms are of vast extent and
embrace the richest cotton and sugar lands of the
United States ; and, for the production of the first-
named staple aresecond to none upon the globe. Iu
the State of Mississippi 300,000 acres of cultivated
land will be redeemed, and in Louisiana a much
larger portion. In the first-named State it is claimed
by the memorialists that if this protection be afforded
there will be a crop of 300,000 bales of cotton grown
in the Yazoo district, in addition to other products,
the ensuing year. In the State of Louisiana the me-
morialists refer to the State census of 1859. to show
that the product of cotton in this overflowed sec-
tion was291,044bales,and of sugar 269,828 hogsheads,
makingwith othcrproductions at thcircurrent prices
a value of $105,656,094. These statements are fully
sustained by the report of General Humphreys. By
this document it appears that the cotton crop of I860,
of that portion of the alluvial region above the mouth
of Red river, where it is proposed to make repairs,
must have exceeded 600,000 bales, which at thirty
ccnts per pound would be worth $72,000,000. The
sugar crop of 1860 of the country below Red river
proposed to be protected, he states, was 241,000 hogs-
heads of sugar and 317,000 barrels of molasses; the
value of which, at present prices, would be over
$10,000,000.
The annual tax upon this raw cotton alone, at two
cents per pound, would be S4,800,000. Even assuming
that it will take three or four years for tho normal
production to be restored, we still have an income
of millions of dollars as tho annual product from this
tax. This is, however, a single item only. The com-
mercial transactions ineidenttotho growth,sale, and
shipment of these staples, the manufacture of the
cotton, or its shipment to foreign ports, involves a
return to tho revenue of many millions of dollars,
and makes this measure of relief to the people one of
relief also to the revenues and to the present tax-
payers of the countiy. The effect that a largely aug-
mented crop of cotton in the coming year would have
upon the exchanges, thereby reducing the shipment
of gold to#foreign ports, and the consequent effect
upon tho public currency and crcdit, are considera-
tions of grave importance, buttoo obvious to require
more than a suggestion by the committee. Nor should
it be forgotten that anleiior to the war a great and
growing trade existed between this valley and the
other portions of the Union. Its supplies of grain,
meat, mules, &c., came in large measure from the
States which are situated upon the upper waters of
the Mississippi and its tributaries. Its staples were
carried by the "shipping of the eastern States to the
points of consumption and manufacture. The east-
ern States supplied also the manufactures of cotton,
woolen, iron, steel, shoes, and other articles, and the
agricultural implements required by tho people of
this section. To restore this trade, to revive thepros-
perity of this section, to develop its industry, and by
a recovered prosperity and an enlargement of com-
mercial intercourse, to renew and strengthen those
feelings of affection which ought to exist among the
people of the different portions of the country, are
obj ccts which will not bo deemed of light importance,
and will more than justify the measure presented by
the committee.
For four years the national Government has been
struggling with the people of this portion of the coun-
try to secure tho recognition of its authority and to
preserve the Union of the States. In the progress of
this war this section has been desolated and much
suffering inflicted on the inhabitants. The industry
which once so largely contributed to the general pros-
perity has been interrupted, and every interest now
lies prostrate. The contest having terminated by the
submission of the inhabitants to the authority of the
national Government, it is believed that every proper
aid should bo given to these people to renew their
industry and to develop the lich productions of their
soil. Such a measure of relief as the one proposed
would be to them a proof of tho liberal and impartial
spirit in which it is proposed to administer the Gov-
ernment,, and would create that fraternal feeling
which it is so desirable to foster and maintain by all
appropriate means.
The power of Congress to improve harbors and riv-
ers has been long exercised, and is not doubted by the
committee. Experience demonstrates that unless the
waters of this river be limited to its proper bounds,
the result is a deposit of earth or alluvion gradually
filling up tho mouth and increasing the bars of the
river. The restoration of the levees will give greatly
increased volume and force to the waters, and remove
the impediments to navigation, while it will rescue
jrom annual devastating floods a vast area of land of
wonderful fertility, capableof supporting, with awell-
ordered industry, millions of inhabitants, ministering
largely by their products to tho national wealth and
to the wants of tho civilized world.
It is the part of wisdom to restore the breaches and
desolated places whicii wasting elements and a more
