THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
MsticaRy audafolypiit together, and that it was
tut together'by-master workmen. They will
nd,I think, as time and events roll on, that as
thoymake one eneroaehment upon it two or
.three more will be made necessary, and they will
find,'' confusion worse confounded'' the more
.encroachments and the more innovations they
0&ake upon the Constitution. I think that they
ought to .fee admonished now of the folly of per-
^everinginthe reckless innovation that so many
Constitution tinkers are endeavoring to bring
upon that sacred instrument.. Mr. Eresident,
here is one of them:
"1. T'hatncither slavery nor involuntary servitude,
except as a punishment for whereof the party
shall have been duly convicted, shall exist within the
United States ov anyplace subject to their jurisdiction.
" 2.- Congress shall have power to enforce this arti-
ole by appropriate legislation."
I assume that the second clause does not give
a particle of power to Congress which Congress
did not possess before. Here is a clause which
I will read in the original text:
" Congress shall havo power to make all laws which
shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execu-
tion the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested
by this Constitution in the G-o vernment of the United
States, or in any department or office thereof."
When this amendment which I have read was
ponding before the Senate, the second section
attracted my attention, as it doubtless did that
of every gentleman ; and the reason that it was
not specially objected to was that the original
Constitution contained the clause which I have
just read, and the original Constitution gave
every power that Congress now has under the
second section of this amendment. J f this sec-
ond section had not been attached to the amend-
ment, what powers would Congress have had
in relation to the abolition of slavery ? It would
liave had the power to pass all laws necessary
and proper for carrying into execution the first
section of the amendment which abolished sla-
very. Does the second section give any added
power'to Congress? I say it does not—not
one particle. ,
The honorable Senator from Illinois has at-
tempted to scatter wide the effect and operation
of tlie second section, but I think that he is
guilty of an error in attempting any such en-
largement of power from that section of the
amendment. I hold that under that second
section Congress can pass only such laws as are
necessary and proper for carrying the first sec-
tion into efl'cct, and that Congress would have
every tittle and iota of that power without the
second section, under the clause which J have
road, and therefore, that that second scetion is
piero tautology, it is a mere investment _ of
power which the original text of the Constitu-
tion would have invested Congress with without
the second section.
I may ask the honorable Senator and all flie
members of the Senate who voted for this con-
stitutional amendment if their single and iso-
lated purpose was not to free the negro? Had
they any purpose beyond manumittingor freeing
the negro? 1 will answer that question for them.
They had none other. They could have had
none other. Then the effect and meaning of
the amendment is just the same as though "the
negro" had been inserted in the amendment.
I will insert that phrase by way of testing the
true meaning and the utmost scope and opera-
tion of this amendment, and let me read it in
that way:
Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude of the
negro, except as a punishment of crime whereof he
shall have been duly convicted, shall exist_ within
the United States or any place subject to their juris-
diction.
I ask the honorable Senator if that is not a
fair rendition of the amendment." I ask him
whether the purpose and the intention, whether
the language and operation of this amendment
is not limited strictly and literally to the negro.
If so, it might have been worded just as I have
now read it, and it wonld not have modified the
sense or meaning of the amendment a particle.
This is simply, then, an amendment to the
Constitution declaring that the negro shall 110
longer be a slave in the United States, and that
is the whole of it.
The honorable Senator himself, I suppose,
will not attempt to derive the power to pass
this bill from any other clause of the Consti-
tution than this amendment. If the power ex-
existed :before, and from the adoption of the
Constitution, why has it not been attempted^ to
be asserted before ? If all the rights with which
this bill seeks to invest the negro might have
been conferred upon him by other clauses of
the Constitution than this amendment, I ask
the honorable Senator from Illinois why he and
his coadjutors, the friends of the negro, have
not in bygone years and from the time of the
frenzy of the public mind in the United States
in favor of manumission, asserted the power to
confer these privileges and these rights upon
the negro ? There can be but one answer to
that question, and that answer is that these
powers were not conferred by the Constitution
until this amendment was adopted. Now, let
us examine and see whether this amendment
of the Constitution confers any such powers.
Mr. President, I stated yesterday that there
were eight States in the United States that had
abolished slavery—five New England States,
and New York, New Jersey, and Pennsylva-
nia. I ask the honorable Senator if the meas-
ures of those States to abolish slavery were not
effective? Did they not achieve the purpose
for which they were intended?1 Did they not
abolish slavery? Tohcar the honorable Sena-
tor from New Hampshire, [Mr. Ct.Attiij;]:& per-
son who had read nothing about the'subject
would come to the conclusion that there never
was but one negro in New Hampshire, or at
least that the honorable Senator had never
hoard of or come across the mention of but one
negro.
Mr. CLARK. I never said any such thing,
nor did I intimate any such thing.
Mr. DAVIS. The honorable Senator said
he had heard of the transfer of but one negro
in the State of New Hampshire.
Mr. CLARK. I said that I had found in the
course of my practice one bill of sale; and it
was the only bill of sale I ever did see. But if
the Senator will look at the census of 1790, I
think he will find that we had between three
and four hundred slaves.
Mr. DAVIS. I had observed that.
Mr. CLAillv. I was aware of the fact.
Mr. DAVIS. In 18:20 you did not report any
slaves at all, but in 18S0 you reported throe, so
that you had been in the slave trade at least to
the extent of three slaves. [Laughter. J
Mr. CLARK. The Senator will pardon me.
Some of those people who hold slaves down in
the southern country wandered into our coun-
try bringing three slaves with them. 1 think in
1840 somebody brought one. W e felt very much
aggrieved by it, and hope they will not bring any
more.
Mr. DAVIS. Oh, how holy, how immaculate!
If New Hampshire had just possessed the cot-
ton climate and cotton soil, how many slaves
would she have had?
Mr. CLARK. I cannot say. "We do not claim
that we are any better than other people. We
never had so many slaves as others and we got
rid of tliem earlier.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 think you are very well off if
you are not shown to be a great deal worse than
other people. [Laughter.]
Mr. CLARK. That may be.
Mr. DAVIS. Well, Mr. President, in 1790
New Hampshire had as many slaves as the hon
orable gentleman concedes she had. She had
altogether six hundred and thirty-three negroes;
but in the presence of the refined and delicate
Senator from Maryland [Mr. J rtuxsox] 1 am
almost afraid to articulate the word "negro/'
it seems to shock his nerves so much, [laugh-
ter;] but I hope ho will got used to it before I
am done with this subject. I believe it is the
proper term. I believe that ethnologists and
anatomists and naturalists all classify the races
into the white race, the negro race, and the col-
ored race ; all the intermediate races between the
white and the negro are called colored. Now,
however, some gentlemen are becoming so po-
lite that they cannot afford to use the term
negro" as applied to an African either by -
nativity or descent. I have not got quite that
far yet.
Here were eight States that held negroes
which manumitted them, set them free. What
■were the consequences of these acts of manu-
mission in the five New England States, in
New Jersey, in New York, and in Pennsyl-
vania? What was the legal effect of these acts
of manumission? What results and rights did
they brjng to the negro ? Did they do anything
more or less than simply to destroy his slavery;
that is, the subjection of the negro to the white
master? Was there any other result or any
other right that came to a single negro in all
those States when their acts abolishing slavery
passed and became operative, and some of
them did not become operative fully, were not
consummated into action, for very many years.
There was a negro sold in the State of my hon-
orable friend from Pennsylvania in the year
1823 under execution to pay a debt, and the
reports of his courts show it. But I ask gen-
tlemen what legal results, what privileges,
what rights ensued to the negro upon the con*
summation of the several acts of manumission
by those States? Slavery is the subjection of
one man to another. Slavery may be legal, or
it may be violent and lawless. Where one man
by-superior force subjects another to him with-
out authority of law, that is unlawful slavery;
but where one man or class of men are subject
to another man or class of men by authority tif
law, that is lawful slavery.
Anything that destroys this legal slavery of
one man to another manumits him. If it is
done under the authority of the laws of the
States that authorize owners to emancipate
slaves, in relation to an individual master and
an individual negro, it destroys the slavery of
the individual negro. If it is done by the
proper authority, legislative or sovereign, of
the State in relation to all negroes, the only
effect of this general and multitudinous act is-
to effect, for all simply what had been effected
for one by the private act of emancipation of
the owner for an individual slave.
Suppose the one mode or the other had been
adopted in Kentucky; suppose all the owners
of slaves there, by deeds of manumission au-
thorized by our legislation, had liberated all
their slaves according to the forms required by
ourlaw, what would have been the result? They
would have been free. Here you have inter-
vened, and you have passed an amendment to
the Constitution which, I say, violates the fun-
damental law of the land and the principles
upon which our Government is based; but I do
not make that question at all. I concede it to
be concluded against me. T have to receive it
as being properly done, and I do so. Then,
conceding that you have passed a valid consti-
tutional amendment abolishing slavery in the
State of Kentucky and throughout the United
States, I ask the two fathers of this proposition,
the Senator from Missouri and the Senator from
Illinois, would or would not slavery in every
solitary instance in Kentucky, if the mode had
been by private acts of manumission by the own-
ers, have ceased? How would it have ceased ?
The legal obligation of all men to serve other
men, or the legal right of all the owners of slaves
to require their slaves to serve them and com-
mand their time and the fruits of their labor,
would have been extinguished, whether the one
mode or the other had been adopted. It would
have been extinguished if all the slaves had been
manumitted by deeds of manumission, ft has
only been extinguished by the adoption of the
constitutional amendment which I just read.
The two modes are different, but their results,
their legal consequences, and the rights and
privileges which they bring to the negro, are
precisely the same. The learned lawyer and
Senator from Maryland cannot draw a distinc-
tion rightfully taken between the legal effects of
the two modes of manumission. 1 have known
thousands of slaves to be liberated by deeds of
man amission in Kentucky, and I have adverted
to the conventional acts of seven States in re-
lation to the same matter and to bring about
