3C2
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 22,
Senate & Ho. op Eeps.
Eulogy—Mr. Creswell.
39tii Cong....Lst Sess.
the path of that enforcement must either destroy the
power of the United States, or it will destroy them."
For such utterances only a small part of the
people of his State was on that day prepared.
Seduced by the wish, they still believed that
the Union could be preserved by fair and mu-
tual concessions. They were on their knees
praying for ^eace, ignorant that bloody war
had already girded on his sword. His language
was then deemed too harsh and unconciliatory,
and hundreds, I among the number, denounced
him in unmeasured terms. Before the expira-
tion *of three months events had demonstrated
his wisdom and our folly, and other paragraphs
from that same speech became the fighting
creed of the Union men of Maryland. He
further said, on that occasion :
"But, sir, there is one State lean speak for, and
that is tho State of Maiyland. Confident in the
strength of this great Government to pioteet every
interest, grateful for almost a century of unalloyed
blessings, she has fomented no agitation; she has
done no act to disturb the public peace; she has
rested in the consciousness that if there be wrong the
Congress of the United States will remedy it; and
that none exists which revolution would not aggra-
vate."
" Mr. Speaker, i am here this day to speak, and i
say that 1 do speak, for the-people of Maryland, who
arc loyal to the United States; and that when uiy
judgment is contested, I appeal to the people for its
accuracy,and I am ready to maintain it before them."
"In Maryland we arc dull, and cannotcomprehend
the right of secession. AVedonotrecognizetheright
to make a revolution by a vote. We do not recog-
nize the rightoi Maryland to repeal the Constitution
of the United States, and if any convention there,
called by whatever authority, under whatever au-
spices, undertake to inaugurate revolution in Mary-
land, their authority will be resisted and defied in
arms on the soil of Maryland, in the name and by the
authority of the Constitution of the United States."
In January, 1801, the ensign of the Republic,
while covering a mission of mercy, was fired
on by traitors. In February Jefferson Davis
said, at Stevenson, Alabama, 1:We will carry
war where it is easy to advance, where food
for the sword and torch await our armies in
the densely populated cities." In March the
Thirty-Sixth Congress, after vainly passing con-
ciliatory resolutions by the score, among other
things recommending the repeal of all personal
liberty bills, declaring that there was no au-
thority outside of the States where slavery was
recognized to interfere with slaves or slavery
therein, and proposing by two thirds votes of
both Houses an amendment of the Constitu-
tion prohibiting any future amendment giving
Congress power over slavery in the States,
adjourned amid general terror and distress.
Abraham Lincoln, having passed through the
midst of his enemies, appeared at Washington
in due time and delivered his inaugural5 closing
with these memorable words:
" In your hands, my dissatisfied fellow-countrymen,
and not m mine, is the momentous issue of civil war.
The Government will not assail you.
"You can haveno conflict without being yourselves
the aggressors. You can have no ooth registered in
heaven to destroy the Government, while! shall have
themobt solemn one to 'preserve, protect, and de-
fend ' it.
"Iamlothtoclosc. Wearenot enemies, but friends.
We must not be enemies. Though passion may have
strained, it must not break, our bonds of affection.
44 Tho mystic chords of memory, stretching from
every battle-field and patriot grave to every living
heart and henrtb-stono all over this broad land, will
yetswell the chorus of theUnion. when again touched,
as surely they will be, by the better angels of our na-
ture."
Words which, if human hearts do not harden
into stone, through the long ages yet to come,
" Will plead like angels, trumpet-tongucd, against
The deep damnation of his taking off."
The appeal was spurned ; and in the face of
its almost godlike gentleness they, who al-
ready gloried in their anticipated saturnalia
of blood, inhumanly and falsely stigmatized it
as a declaration of war. Thelong-patient North,
slow to anger, in its agony still cried, "My
brother; oli, my biother!'' It remained fox-
that final, ineradicable infamy of Sumter to
arouse the nat ion to arms i At last, to murder
at one blow the hopes we had nursed so ten-
derly, they impiously dragged in the dust the
glorious symbol of our national life and ma-
jesty, heaping dishonor upon it, and like the
sneering devil at the crucifixion, crying out,
u Come and deliver thyselfand then no man,
with the heart of a man, who loved his coun-
try and feared his God, dared longer delay to
prepare for that great struggle which was des-
tined to rock the earth.
Poor Maryland! cursed with slavery, doubl/
cursedNvith traitors! Mr. Davis had said that
Maryland was loyal to the United States, and
had pledged himself to maintain that position
before the people. The time soon came for him
to redeem his pledge. On the morning of the
15th of April the President issued his procla-
mation calling a special session of Congress,
which made an extra election necessary in Ma-
ryland. Before the sun of that day had gone
down, this card was promulgated:
To the Voters of the Fourth Congressional District
of Maryland: 1 hereby announce myself as a candi-
date for the House of ^Representatives of the Thirty-
Seventh Congress of the United States of America,
upon the basis of the unconditional maintenance of the
Union.
Should my fellow-citizens of like views manifest their
preference foradifferentcandidate on that basis, it is
not my purpose to embarra&s them.
April 15,1861. H. WINTER DAVIS.
But dark days were coming for Baltimore.
A mob, systematically organized in complicity
with the rebels at Richmond and Harper's r erry,
seized and kept in subjection an unsuspecting
and unarmed population from the 19th to the
21th of April. For six daysmurder and treason
held joint sway; and at the conclusion of their
tragedy of horrid barbarities, they gave the farce
of holding an election for members of the House
of Delegates.
To show the spirit that moved Mr. Davis
under this ordeal I cite from his letter, written
on the 2Sth, to Hon. William EL Seward, the
following:
" I hare been trying to collect the persons appointed
scattered by the storm, and to compel them to take
their offices or to decline.
"I have sought men of undoubted courage and
capacity for the places vacated.
"We mart show the secessionists that we are not
frightened, but are resolved to maintain the Govern-
ment in the exercise of all its functions in Mary-
land.
'' We have organized a guard, who will accompany
the officers and hold the public buildings against all
the secessionists in ^Maryland.
"A great reaction has set in. Ii'wc r.ov: act promptly
the day is ours, and the State is safe."
These matters beingadjusted, he immediately
took the field for Congress on his platform
against Mr. Henry May, conservative Union,
and in the face of an opposition which few men
have dared to encounter, he carried on, unre-
mittingly from that time until the election on
the 18th of June, the most brilliant campaign
against open traitors, doubters, and dodgers
that unrivaled eloquence, courage, and activity
could achieve. Everywhere, day and night, in
sunshine and storm, in the market-houses, at
the street-corners, and in the public halls his
voice rang out clear, loud, and defiant for the
"'unconditional maintenance'' of the Union.
He was defeated, but he sanctified the name of
unconditional Union in the vocabulary of every
true Marylander. He gathered but 6,000 votes
out of 14,000, yet the result was a triumph
which gave him the real fruits of victory; and
he exclaimed to a friend, with laudable pride,
'' With six thousand of the workingmen of Bal-
timore on my side, won in such a contest, I
defy them to take the State out of the Union."
Though not elected, he never ceased his efforts.
With us it was a struggle for homes, hearths,
and lives. He said at Brooklyn:
"You see the conflagration from a distance; it blis-
ters me at my side. You can survive tile integrity of
the nation: we in Maryland would live on the side of
a gulf, perpetually tending to plunge into its depths.
It is for us life and liberty; it is for you greatness,
strength, and prosperity."
Nothing su>palled him; nothing deterred hiin.
He said at Baltimore, in 1801:
" Tho War Department has been taught by the mis-
fortune at Bull Run, which has broken no power
nor anyspirit, which bowed no State nor made any
heart falter, which was felt as a humiliation, that has
brought forth wisdom,"
He also said, speaking of the rebels, and fore-
telling his own fate, if they .succeeded in Mary-
land :
"They have inaugurated an cm of confiscations,
proscriptions, and exiles. Head their acts ut groedy
confiscation, their law of proscriptions by the thou-
sands. Behold the flying exiles Irom tho unfriendly
soil of Virginia, Tennessee, anil Missouri.
And so he worked on, never abating one jot
of his uncompromising devotion to the Union,
like a second Peter the Hermit, preaching a
cause, as he believed, truly represented by in-
signia as sacred as the Cross, and for which
no sacrifice, not even death, was too great.
But his crowning glory was his leadership of
the emancipation movement. I ho rebels, not-
withstanding "My Maryland's ' bloody wel-
come at South Mountain and Antietam, claimed
that she must belong to their confederacy, be-
cause of the homogeneousness ot her insti-
tutions. They contended that the fetters of
slavery formed a chain that stretched across
the Potomac, and held in bondage not only
87,000 slaves, but 000.000 white people also.
Their constant theme was " the deliverance1,
of Maryland. We resolved to break that last
tie, and to take position unalterably on the side
of the Union and freedom, and thus to deal the
final blow to the cause and support of rebel-
lion. We organized our little band, almost
ridiculous from its want of numbers, early in
1863. A Sibley tent would have held our whole
army. Our enemies laughed us to scorn, and
the politicians would not accept our help on
any terms, but denied us as earnestly as Peter
denied his Lord. Mr. Davis was our acknowl-
edged leader, and it was in the heat and fury of
the contest which followed'that our hearts were
welded into permanent friendship. He was the
platform-maker, and he announced it in a few
lines:
"A hearty support of tho entire policy of the
national Administration, including immediate eman-
cipation by constitutional means."
Itwas very short, butitcovcred alltheground.
The campaign opened by the publication of ail
address, written by Mr. Davis to the people of
Maryland, which, I venture to say, is unsur-
passed by any state paper published in this age
of able state papers for the warmth and vigor
of its diction, and the lucidity and conclusive-
ness of its argumentation. It is a pamphlet
of twenty pages, glowing throughout with the
unmistakable marks of his genius and patri-
otism, and closing with these words of stirring
cheer:
" Werlo not doubt the result, nnd expect, freed from
the trammels which now bind her, to see Maryland,
at no distant day, rapidly advancing in a course of
unexampled prosperity with her Mster free States of
the undivided and indivisible Republic."
Mr. Davis was ubiquitous. He was the life
and soul of the whole contest. He arranged
theorder of battle, dictated the correspondence,
wrote the important articles for the newspapers,
and addressed all the concerted meetings. In
short, neither his voice nor his pen rested in
all the time of our travail. He would have no
compromise; but rejected all overtures of the
enemy short of unconditional surrender. On
the Eastern Shore he spoke with irresistible
power at Elkton, Easton, Salisbury, and Snow
Hill, at each of the three last-named towns with
a crowd of wondering '■ American citizens of
African descent'' listening to him from afar,
and looking upon him as if they believed him
to be the seraph Abdiel. Ilis last appointment,
in extreme southern Maryland, hehlledoti Fri-
day, after which, bidding me a cordial god-
speed, he descended from the stand, sprang into
an open wagon awaiting him, traveled eighty
miles through a raw night air, reached Cam-
bridge by daylight, and then crossed the Chesa-
peake, sixty miles, in time to close the cam-
paign with one of his ringing speeches in Mon-
ument, square, Baltimore, on Saturday night.
In this, our first contest, we were completely
victorious.
But we had yet a weary way before us. The
Legislature had then to pass a law calling a
convention. That law had to be approved by
