1642
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
expected to ran on at that time so long, and upon
reflection I think it not unreasonable so to regard it.
To avoid embarrassment, X give you this suggestion
that you may advise your colleague.
Tory truly, yours, Jj. M. MORRILL.
Hon. J. P. Stockton, United State* Senate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I am
not satisfied that the Senator from New Jersey
had not the right to vote on the occasion. It
is said that lie had a personal interest ii^the
question. I do not know that it is proper to
say that alienator has a personal interest in
his office. It is a position which is sought for
because of its honorable character, we are
not elected to the jjjenate to benefit ousselves,
or for the gratification of our personal ambition.
.We are elected as Senators upoil the supposi-
tion that it is for the good of the country, and
it is an office that we hold for the public good.
Therefore, in respect to that office, I think it
is hardly proper to say that a Senator has a
personal interest in it. If reference is had
the emoluments of the office, then we have a
very strong precedent upon that subject, and I
presume it is very likely that the Senator from
Massachusetts who has led in this debate parti-
cipated in the establishment of that precedent.
A few years ago the compensation of Senators
was increased from eight dollars a day during
the session to $3,000 a year—a very decided
increase of compensation—and I believe that
increased compensation was made to take effect
at the very session of the passage of the law.
It could not have become a law except by Sen-
ators voting for it, and every Senator who voted
for that law voted to put money in his own
pocket at that very session. You might say
that a Senator had a personal interest in the
result of that vote because it put money in his
pocket, and yet it was not so regarded then.
Mr. SUMNER. May I interrupt the Sen-
ator there V
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not happen to have
the book near me now; but the book which
the Senator cited the other day and which I
have cited to-day^ Cushing on Parliamentary
Law, expressly notices that case and treats it
as exceptional. lie says that a member of a
parliamentary body cannot vote where ho is
interested; and he then goes on to say that in
voting the compensation of legislative bodies
there is an exception to this rule. I mention
that as a reply at once to the instance adduced
by the Senator.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I know it is an excep-
tion, if you want an exception to the supposed
rule that a man shall not vote for his owilli
benefit; but, it is a striking ease. The law
might have been framed so that a Senator who
voted for it should not have voted money into
his own pocket. Aman cannot vote in favor of
his own personal interest; if that is the general
proposition, and that is the morality of par-
liamentary law on the subject, that bill could
have been so framed as to avoid a breach of
the rule.
I might refer to some other cases. I believe
that within a few days four volumes, contain-
ing the writings of James Madisdh, haivc been
distributed among Senators. J was not aware
that they were to come until they reached my
room. How did they get there? Senators must
have voted themv They arc worth money ; they
are a valuable addition to a man's library; and
yet we must have voted for them ourselves, or
we .should not have received them.
I was struck the other day by the very able
argument of the Senator from Rhode Island
[Mr. Spiugue] upon the vexed question of
interest between the manufacturer and the im-
porter. lie occupied many days in the debate.
That Senator may perhaps have an interest in
the action of Congress upon that question. As
Congress may legislate for or against the manu-
facturer, he may be interested. It is under-
stood that he is one of the most enterprising
of the manufacturers, one of the most success-
ful ; and yet what Senator supposed that it was
not proper for him to participate in the disens-
SI®n a question that affected the interest
of the country at large, although it may have
affected himself individually? Almost every
question that we vote upon has some influence
upon our individual fortunes. I do not care
,tp discuss that further. I think the Senator
<had a right to vote under the circumstances,
especially in view of the fact that he was, under
the circumstances, denied the vote of his col-
league.
A point is made in respect to the course of
the Senator from Maine in voting after he had
paired off upon the fact that the pair was made
several weeks ago. There is force in that sug-
gestion when there is a general pair. If I pair
with the Senator from Maine upon questions of
a class, for instance, upon all questions in re-
lation to the rebel States, with the understand-
ing that that is to last buta short time, of course,
if I remain absent for a protracted time, he has a
right to terminate that pair because I am cutting
him off, by remaining absent, from hispartieipa-
tion in legislation upon a class of subjects. But if
I pair with him in regard to one particular ques-
tion, what difference does it make to him whether
the vote upon that question is taken to-morrow
or a month henee ? If the seat of his colleague
is to be contested and I am to be absent and I
intend to vote one way and he the other, and
upon that subject he and I agree to pair off,
not generally upon a class of subjects, but upon
that particular question, how is it of interest
to him whether that particular vote comes up
to-morrow or next month? If ho pairs with
me upon that particular question, not upon a
class, I expect him to stand by the pair, be-
cause he is not prejudiced in his participation
in the legislation of the country by the pair,
and I think he should stand by it until thevote
is had. *
Although I cannot agree that Senator Mor-
rill under the circumstances ought to have
voted, still I do not doubt that he gave his vote
under the influence of the most honorable sen-
timents; but yet it had the effect under the
circumstances to lose to Mr. Stockton the vote
of his colleague. I think there is no force in
the suggestion that Mr. Wright remained from
the Senate for a longer time than was expected,
because it made no difference to Senator Mor-
rill whether that question on which he was
paired came up the next day after he left or
one month after he left.
I do not know whether it is a very good
policy to pair off. That is a question of doubt.
I do not do it myself very much. If a Sena-
tor desired it on some particular question, I
should^ not hesitate, I presume, to accommo-
date him ; but if I remained here and he went
home, would I expect to terminate the pair by
giving him twenty-four hours' notice? In the
practice of the law if I agreed with the oppo-
site counsel that a case should not be called
up until [ gave him notice, I would not expcct
on Wednesday evening to telegraph to him in
another State that I should call up the case on
Thursday for trial; and if I went into court
on Thursday and told the judge that I had
agreed to give notice to the opposite counsel
in another State before I should call the case
up, and told the court that I had given the
notice the night before, I think the court would
not allow me to bring that case to trial. The
notice must be reasonable, not twenty-four
hours' notice for an attorney to arrange his
business in another State and come and meet
me upon the trial. A man leaves the Senate
because of the condition of his business at
home, or because of the condition of his health.
Is he expected to respond to a telegraphic dis-
patch by coming in the next train ? Courts do
not require, that. It cannot be required in a
court, and you cannot carry it in a court; and
yet in the Senate, where the greatest courtesy
and kindness is observed, it is cxpccted that
Mr. Wright who. went home on account of
his health should be able to take the first train
and be hero on the next morning! Mr. Pres-
ident, I think under the circumstances that it
was not right, and that it justified the sitting
member in casting a vote upon the question.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, the argu-
ment of, the honorable Senator from Indiana
is, as I understand him to state it, that if Mr.
Morrill, the Senator from Maine, had not
voted, then he, the Senator from Indiana, is
not sure that Mr. Stockton had a right to vote
in his own case; he has some doubt about it.
Mi. HENDRICKS. No, sir, 1 did not say
that. There was one question that I did not
discuss, and that was the question of delicacy
in voting upon such a case. I should hesitate
to vote upon any question involving my right
to my own seat. It is a question of delicacy,
and not of legal or constitutional right, in my
judgment; but when the Senator from New
Jersey was placed in such a condition that he
would lose the vote of his colleague, to which
he was entitled, and which could have been
procured but for this pair, I think the question
of delicacy was overcome by the fact that Mr.
Morrill voted under the circumstances.
Mr. COM NESS. I thought I understood
the honorable Senator correctly, and I find that
I did, and I shall try to state him exactly.
If Mr. Morrill's vote had not been in ques-
tion in the premises, the Senator from Indiana
would then regard the question of Mr. Stock-
ton's right to vote in his own case as one of
extreme delicacy, so much so that lie would
not like to vote in the case himself, and does
not desire to express now an opinion on the
subject ; but if Mr. Morrill did vote in viola-
tion, as he thinks, of the pair, he then believes
positively that Mr. Stockton had a right to vote.
1 do not think that that logic holds good. I
think that Mr. Stockton either had or had not
the right to vote in his own case: and upon
that proposition I have, and have had, no doubt
as to my opinion. I confess that I was sur-
prised when the honorable Senator from New
Jersey rose and asked that his name be called,
and I uttered an exclamation from my seat
against the propriety of the vote. I shall not
undertake to characterise that vote as the hon-
orable Senator from New Jersey has under-
taken to discuss and characterize the conduct
of Mr. Morrtll, although with some com-
pliments to Mr. Morrill at the same time,
and ending his analysis of the case by putting
the responsibility upon other Senators, and
finally concluding by characterizing it as charge-
able to modern morals prevailing particularly
on this side of the Senate. I shall not go into
that branch of the case; but in this discussion
the question pending before the Senate appears
to me to have been entirely lost sight of by
running into an incidental discussion whether
Mr. Morrill properly voted or not. The
question now pending is whether the honorable
Senator from New Jersey had the right to vote
in a case in which he was interested.
Upon that proposition the honorable Sen-
ator from Maryland and the honorable Sena-
tor from New Jersey take what appcarsto me
to be a very strange view of the case. They con-
strue the interest that a Senator has in his seat
here into a pecuniary interest, that which is
involved in the receipt of his salary or com-
pensation. I apprehend that that is not the
interest of a Senator in his seat. They say he
had the right to vote because it was New Jer-
sey voting, and not he; and upon the question
as to whether New Jersey should be repre-
sented in the Senate through the honorable
member now occupying the seat here, ho had
the right to vote for New Jersey. Sir, the
question whether New Jersey had the right to
a Senator here was not in question at all; it
has not been before this body; but whether
New Jersey had a right to a Senator in the per-
son of Mr. Stockton was the question that was
pending and before the body, and that is in-
volved now. ^ The question of the pecuniary
interest derived from the salary of a Senator
as contradistinguished from the interest of a
Senator in the franchise and possession of his
office are two different things, widely different;
the one so inconsiderable that* there is an ex-
ception made by writers on parliamentary law
in favor of the point, for there would be no
compensation provided bylaw unless there was
an exception which allowed members of legis-
lative bodies to fix their own compensation,
