2602
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
certainly more honestly than a majority of
them do under special acts of incorporation.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. You denyto
the Legislature the power to give an exclusive
right to the enjoyment, for instance, of water
flowing across public lands in any case, I be-
lieve. Now, we had in the Territory of Illinois
a law which authorized a party to enter upon
the public land adjoining a dam, he owning
one side of a stream. Why not allow a man
the right to build a dam across a stream and
rest one end of it on Government land ?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. There is nothing
in this bill to prevent parties from organizing
under the general law for every conceivable
business purpose.
Mr. ELDKIDGE. The third section, it seems
to me, provides for additional benefits and priv-
ileges to those corporations existing at the time
of the passage of this act. Tt gives them pref-
erence to others. It seems to me, therefore,
that the purposeof the bill is to give additional
value _ to such corporations as have already
organized or have procured acts of incorpo-
ration.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Not at all.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is there not something
lying back of this bill of that sort ?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Notatall. Myfriend
from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge] is too good a
lawyer not to know that a special act of incor-
poration is more valuable than an organization
under a general law. Under a general act of
incorporation the existing associations have a
right to reorganize.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman's answer
is quite satisfactory, excepting in this particu-
lar: the gentleman says that an organization
is no more valuable under a special act than
under a general law 
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I say that, as a
rale, it is more valuable under a special act
than under a general law.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Whether that is so or not
depends upon the powers granted. But here
certainly is a provision that all corporations or
associations now duly organized in pursuance
of law shall have precedence of any proposed
new associations.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. That corresponds
precisely with the law we passed in regard to
banks. When the national banking system was
established, _we provided that an existing bank-
ing association located in any city or village
might organize and have precedence over a
new association. The object is, in the first
place, to guard existing vested rights; and in
the next place, to encourage the organization
of associations under the general law.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. But does the bill limit
the number of corporations that shall organize
under the general law?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. That matter is
left to the discretion of the Legislature. I
suppose that the Legislature would not limit
the number.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. What advantage, then,
can the existing corporations have over other
corporations which may hereafter be organized,
if the latter may be created without restriction
as to number?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. It is to be left to
the discretion of the Legislature whether the
number shall be unrestricted.
I now yield to my colleague. [Mr. Lb Blond.]
Mr. LE BLOND. Mr. Speaker, I propose
to occupy the attention of the House but a
moment; and I should not do so but for the
fact that the ninth section of this bill applies
to these Territories a principle which I believe
has never before been adopted in the organiza-
tion of any Territory of the United States. By
this bill Congress assumes in reference to suf-
frage in the Territories a power which I believe
it has never before exercised in the history of
this Government. Now, sir, spealdng for my-
self alone, I say that I do not believe Congress
has any power to say to the people of the Ter-
ritories, "You shall extend the right of suffrage
to all your citizens irrespective of color." This
bill inaugurates a new system. It is the carry-
ing out, in my judgment, of apolitical scheme.
And in saying this, I ought to be exceedingly
careful lest my distinguished colleague [Mr.
Sciiexck] should chajge me with uttering senti-
ments reflecting upon the judgment and action
of this Congress; for he seems to be peculiar
in his notions as to the propriety of language
to be used in this House.
But, sir, I conceive that this provision of the
bill before us has and can have no other pur-
pose than to carry out this cherished idea that
all men should be made equal before the law.
I am aware that my colleague from the Cleve-
land district [Mr. Spalding] will vote against
this bill if the ninth section be stricken out,
and if left in of course I shall vote against it. I
have made the motion to strike out this section
because it raises directly the issue whether we
in this Congress are in favor of granting the
right of suffrage to all classes irrespective of
color. Gentlemen can now upon this propo-
sition place themselves right before their con-
stituents by declaring whether they are in favor
of it; for let me say to gentlemen that those
who vote against striking out this section place
themselves on record as favoring equal suffrage
throughout the whole country.
Sir, if this Congress has the constitutional
right to pass a provision of this kind, and if it
is proper to bestow the right of suffrage upon
the colored people of the Territories, the prin-
ciple applies equally to the States. Gentlemen
cannot escape this conclusion.
Mr. SPALDING. I desire to ask my col-
league whether the majority of this House has
not already made its record of this question by
the vote on the bill regulating suffrage in the
District of Columbia.
Mr. LE BLOND. That is very true. I thank
myfriend for a suggestion. But what follows?
A number of gentlemen on the other side of
the House turn round and say that a handful
of men on this side have forced them to vote
against their real sentiments—that they were
in favor of a property or educational qualifica-
tion for voters in this District. A large num-
ber of gentlemen claiming to constitute the
conservative element upon the other side of
the House say to-day that they were opposed
to the suffrage bill in the shape in which it
passed.
Mr. SPALDING. What was the action of
the Democratic side of the House on that
question?
Mr. LE BLOND. We were opposed to the
whole thing. We voted against it. Our record
is against granting suffrage to the colored race
under any circumstances whatever bythe Con-
gress of the United States. The power is
with the States.
Mr. SPALDING. If I recollect aright, the
gentleman and his political associates voted
with me to sustain the previous question.
Mr. LE BLOND. Because we wanted that
those who claim to be conservative men, but
who blow both hot and cold, should be put on
the record before their constituents. We de-
termined that they should"face the music,"as
became men, and if they were sincere in the
speeches they made in opposition to that bill
they would vote against its passage and defeat
it by our help.
Let me say one word in reference to the con-
stitutional amendment which passed this House
last week. Gentlemen upon that side of the
House spoke in opposition to the bill. We
again believed them sincere. We hoped and
expected to defeat the bill, as we had a right to
do, giving full faith and credit to what honor-
able gentlemen said in their spccchcs. We had
no right to expect anything else than that they
would vote against it if brought to a vote upon
the bill as it came from the committee on re-
construction. Such being our views, what was
our daty? We were opposed to the bill. For
one T am opposed to any change in the Consti-
tution as long as there are States unrepresented
here.
Our duty was to force a vote upon the bill as
reported, and we succeeded. But again we
were doomed to disappointment; for the very
gentlemen who spoke so forcibly against the
bill, when it camc to a vote voted in its favor.
Now they attempt to throw the responsibility
of its passage upon the few Democrats on this
side of the House. If, sir, they can go back
to their constituents and convince them that
thirty Democrats passed that measure, they
possess more convincing powers than I think
they do, and have a more pliable constituency
than I believe they have.
I am aware that such members as have a
press under their control are using it for that
purpose, but the sequel this fall will determine
how far they have or can succeed in deceiving
the people. I shall call for the yeas and nays
on my motion to strike out, and will then see
how many conservatives will write home char-
ging that thirty Democrats are responsible for
negro suffrage in all the Territories of the
United States.
I thank my colleague for his courtesy in
yielding to me.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, demanded the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
Mr. WRIGHT demanded the yeas and nays
on Mr. Le Blond's motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 86, nays 7G, not voting
12\ as%llows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Delos it. Ashley, Bergen,
Boyer, Chanter, Dawson, Denison, Eldridge. Finc-k,
Glossbrenner, Goodyear. Grider, Aaron Harding,
Chester D. Hubbard. Edwin N. Hubbell. Kerr, Kuy-
kendall, Latham, Le Blond, Marshall, Niblack,
Nicholson, Phelps, William H. Randall, Hitter, Rog-
ers, Ross, Rousseau, Shanklin, Sitgreavcs. Strouse,
Taber, Taylor, Trimble, Whaley, and Wright—36.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, James
M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin. Banks, Baxter, Blaine,
Blow, Boutwell,Brandegee,Broomall,Sidii ey Clarke,
Cook, Cullom, Darling, Davis, Dawes,Deming, Don-
nelly, Damon t, Eggteston, Farnsworth, Kerry, G a in-
field. Giiswoid. Ilart, Hayes, Higby, Holmes, Ilooper,
Hotehkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Deinas Hubbard,
John II. Hubbard, Halburd, Ingersoll, Jenekes,
Julian, KeHey, Kelso, William Lawrence, Loan,
Longvear, Lynch, Marston, McClurg, MeRuer, Mer-
cur. Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, Orth, Paine, Patter-
son. Perham, Pike, Plants, Price, Rollins, Sawyer,
Spalding, Thayer, Francis Thomas, Van Aernam,
Burt Van Horn, Ward, Warner, Elihu B. Washburne,
William B. Washburn. Welker, Williams, James P.
Wilson.Stephen F. Wilson, and Wmdom—7(>.
NOT VOTING --Messrs. Alley, Barker, Beaman,
Benjamin. Bidwell, Bingham,Bromwell, Bucklond,
Bundy, Header W. Clarke, Cobb, Coffroth, Conkling,
Culver, Defrees, Delano, Dixon, Dodge, Dnggs,
Eekley, Eliot, Farquhar, Grinnell, Hale, Abner 0.
Uarding, Harris, Henderson, Hill, Iloga.n, James
R. Hubbel], James Humphrey, James M. Hum-
phrey, Johnson, Jones, Kasson, Ketuham, Ladin,
George V. Lawrence, Marvin, McCullough, Mclndoe,
McKee, Morris, Moulton, Myers, Newell, Noel!,
O'Neill, Pomeroy, Radford, Samuel J. Randall,
Raymond, At exander H.Rice, John H.Rice, Schenck,
Scofield, Sheltabarger, Sloan. Smith, Starr, Stevens,
Stihvell, John L. Thomas, Thornton, Trowbridge,
Upson, Robert T. Van Horn, Henry D. Washburn,
Wentworth, Winfleld, and Woodbridge—72.
So the House refused to strike out the ninth
scction.
The substitute was then agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. LE BLOND demanded the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 79, nays 43, not voting
51; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
James M. Ashley. Baldwin, Banks, Baxter, Bidwell,
Bingham, Blaine, Boutwell, Broomall, Header W.
Clarke, Sidney Clarke,Cobb,Cook,Cullom, Dawes, De-
frees, Deming, Donnelly, Dumont. Eg,-icston. Farns-
worth, Ferry, Garfleld, Griswnld, Abner €. Hording,
Hart, 11 ayes, Higby, Holmes, Hooper, Hotehkiss, Asa-
hel W.IIubbaid, Deinas Hubbard, John H. Hubbard,
Ihilnord. Inr-orsol]. Jenekes, Julian, lvelley. Kelso,
William Lawrence, Loan, Lor.gyear, Lynch, Maiston,
McClurc, Mereur, Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, Orth,
Paine, Patterson, Perham, Pike. Plants, Piice, Rol-
lins, Sawyer, Schenck, Spalding. Thayer, Francis
Thomas, \ an Aernam, Burt Van Horn. Ward, War-
ner. Ehhu B. Wash burn e, William B. Washburn,
' 0 WMiams, James I'. Wilson, Stephen F.Wil-
son.wmdom, and Woodbridge—T9.
NAYS — Messrs. Aueona, Delos R. Ashley, Baker,
Benjamin, Bergen, Boyer, Chanter, Darling, Davis,
Dawson, Denison, Eldridge, Pi nek, Glossbrenner,
