1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
16-3
39th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Eulogy—Mr. Cresioell.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
a majority of the people. Members of the con-
vention had then to be elected in all parts of
the State, and the Constitution which they
adopted had to be carried by_a majority of the
popular vote. He allowed himself no reprieve
from labor until all this had been accomplished.
And when the rest of us, worn out by this in-
cessant toil, gladly sought rest, he went before
the Court of Appeals to maintain everything
that had been done against all comers, and did
so triumphantly.
Let free Maryland never forget the debt of
eternal gratitude she owes to Henry Winter
Davis.
If oratory means the power of presenting
thoughts by public and sustained speech to an
audience in the manner best adapted to win a
favorable decision of the question at issue, then
Mr. Davis assuredly occupied the highest posi-
tion as an orator. He always held his hear-
ers in rapt attention until he closed, and then
they lingered about to discuss with one another
what they had heard. I have seen a promis-
cuous assembly, made up of friends and oppo-
nents, remain exposed to a beating rain for two
hours rather than forego hearing him. Those
who had heard him most frequently were al-
ways ready to make the greatest effort to hear
him again. Even his bitterest enemies have
been known to stand shivering on the street
corners for a whole evening, charmed by his
marvelous tongue. His stump efforts never
fell below his high standard. He never con-
descended to a mere attempt -to amuse. He
always spoke to instruct, to convince, and to
persuade through the higher and better avenues
to favor. I never heard him deliver a speech
that was not worthy of being printed and pre-
served. As a stump orator he was unapproach-
able, in my estimation, and I say that with a
clear recollection of having heard, when a
boy, that, wonder of Yankee birth and south-
ern development, S. S. Prentiss.
Mr. Davis's ripe scholarship promptly tend-
ered to his thought the happiest illustrations
and the most appropriate forms of expression.
His brain had become a teeming cornucopia,
whence flowed in exhaustless profusion the
most beautiful flowers and the most substan-
tial fruits : and yet he never indulged in excess-
ive ornamentation. His taste was almost aus-
terely chaste. His style was perspicuous,
energetic, concise, and withal highly elegant.
He never loaded his sentences with meretri-
cious finery, or high-sounding, supernumerary
words. When he did use the jewelry of rhet-
oric, he would quietly set a metaphor in his
page or throw a comparison into his speech
which would serve to light up with startling
distinctness the colossal proportions of his
argument. Of humor he had none; but his
wit and sarcasm at times would glitter like the
brandished cimeterofSaladin, and, descending,
would cut as keenly. The pathetic he never
attempted: but when angered by a malicious
assault his invective was consuming, and his
epithets would wound like pellets of lead.
Although gallant to the graces of expression,
he always compelled his rhetoric to act as hand-
maid to his dialectics.
Style may sometimes bean exotic; but when
i* is, it is sure to partake more and more as
years increase, of the peculiarities of the soil
wherein it is nurtured. But the style of Mr.
Davis was indigenous and strongly marked by
his individuality. Although he doubtless ad-
mired and perhaps imitated the condensation
and dignity of Gibbon, yet it is certain that he
carefully avoided the monotonous stateliness,
and the elaborate and ostentatious art of that
most erudite historian. I look in vain for his
model in the skeptical Gibbon, the eynicalf
Bolingbroke, or the gorgeous Burke. These
were all to him intellectual giants; but giants
of false belief and practice. iSTot even from
Tacitus, upon whom he looked with the great-
est favor, could he have acquired his burning
and impressive diction. Henry Winter Davis
was a man of faith, and believed in Christ and
his fellow-man. His heart and mind were both
nourished into their full dimensions under the
fostering influences of our free institutions; so
that, being reared a freeman, he thought and
spake as became a freeman. No other land
could have produced such dauntless courage
and such heroic devotion to honest conviction
in a public man; and even our laid has pro-
duced but few men of his stamp and ability. His
implicit faith in God's eternal justice, and his
grand moral courage imparted to him his pros-
elyting zeal, and gave him that amazing, kind-
ling power which enabled him to light the fires
of enthusiasm wherever he touched the public
mind.
To show his power in extemporaneous debate,
as well as his determined patriotism, I will
introduce a passage from his speech of April
11, 1864, delivered in the House of Represent-
atives. You will remember that the end of the
rebellion had not then appeared. Grant, with
his invincible legions, had not started to execute
that greatest military movement of modern
times, by which, after months of bloody per-
sistence, hurling themselves continually against
what seemed the frowning front of destiny,
they finally drove the enemy from his strong-
holds, made Fortune herself captive, and, bind-
ing her to their standards, held her there, until
the surrender of every rebel in arms closed
the war amid the exultant plaudits of men and
angels. Our hopes had not then grown into
victory, and we looked forward anxiously to
the terrible march from the Rappahannock to
Richmond. Thinking that'perhaps our army
stood appalled before the great duty required
of it, and that the people might be diverted
from their purpose to crush the rebellion, when
they saw that it could only be accomplished at
the cost of an ocean of human blood, a call
was made on the floor of the American Con-
gress for a recognition of the southern confed-
eracy. Speaking for the nation, Mr. Davis
said:
"But, Mr. Speaker, if it be said that a time may
come when the question of recognizing the southern
confederacy will have to be answered, I admit it."
+ * * * "When the people, exhausted hy
taxation, weary of sacrifices, drained of blood, be-
trayed by their rulers, deluded by demagogues into
believing that peace is the way to union, and submis-
sion the path to victory, shall throw down their arms
before the advancing foe; when vast chasms across
every State shall make it apparent to eveiy eye, when
too late to remedy it, that division from the South is
anarebv at the North, and that peace without union is
thcend'of the Republic; then the independence of the
South will be an accomplished fact, and gentlemen
may. without treason to the dead Republic, rise in
this migratory- House, wherever it may then be in
America, and declare themselves forrecognizingtheir
masters at the South rather than exterminating them.
Until that day, in the name of the American nation :
in the name of every house in the land where there
is one dead for the holy eausc: in the name of those
who stand before us in the ranks of battle; in the
name of the liberty our ancestors have confided to
us. I devote to eternal execration the name of him
who shall propose to destroy this blessed land rather
than its enemies. .
"But until that time arrive it is the judgment of
the American people theie shall be no compromise;
that ruin to ourselves or luin to the southern rebels
are the only alternatives. It is only by resolutions
of this^kind th3t nations can rise above great dan-
gers and overcome them m crises lilso this. It was
onlv bv turning France into a camp, resolved that
Europe might exterminate but should not subjugate
her, that Fiance is the leading empire of Euiopc to-
day. It is by such a. resolve that the American peo-
ple, cocrcing a reluctant Government to draw the
sword and stake the national existence on the integ-
rity of the Republic, are now anything but the frag-
ments of a nation before theworld. the scorn and hiss
of every petty tyrant. Itis because the people of the
United States, rising to the height of the occasion,
dedicated this generation to the sword, and pouring
out the blood of their children as of no account, and
vowing bclore high Heaven that there should be no
end to this conflict but ruin absolute or absolute tii-
umph, that we now are what we are; that the banner
of the Republic, still pointing onward,floats proudly
in the face of the enemy; that vast regions are re-
duced to obedience to the laws, and that a great host
in armed array now presses with stead} step into the
daik regions of the rebellion. It is only by the ear-
nest and abiding resolution of the people that, what-
ever shall be our fate, it shall be grand as the Amer-
ican nation, worthy of that Republic which first trod
the path of empire and made no peace but under the
banners of victory, that the American people will
survive in history. And that will save us. We shall
Succeed, and not fail. I have an abiding confidence
in the firmness, the patience, the endurance of the
American people; and, having vowed to stand in
history on the great resolve to aeccpt of nothing but
victory or ruin, victory is ours. And if with such
heroic resolve we fall, we fall with honor„and trans-
mit the name of liberty, committed to our keeping
untarnished, to go down to future generations. The
historian of our decline and fall, contemplating the
ruins of the last great republic, and drawing fromits
fate lessons of wisdom on the waywardness of men,
shall drop a tear as he records with sorrow the vain
heroism of that people who dedicated and sacrificed
themselves to the cause of freedom, and by their
example, will keep alive herworship in the hearts of
men till happier generations shall learn to walk in
her paths. Yes, sir, if we must fall, letourlast hours
bo stained by no weakness. If we must fall, let us
stand amid the crash of the falling Republic and be
buried in its ruins, so that history may take note that
men lived in the middle of the nineteenth century
worthy of a better fate, but chastised by God for the
sins of their forefathers. Let the i uins of the Republic
remain to testify to the latest generations our great-
ness and our heroism. And let Liberty, crownless
and childless, sit upon these ruins, crying aloud in a
sad wail to the nations of the world, 'I nursed and
brought up children and they have rebelled against
me.'"
Mt; Davis's most striking characteristics were
his devotion to principle and his indomitable
courage. There never was a moment when he
could be truthfully charged with trimming or
insincerity. His views were always clearly
avowed and fearlessly maintained. He-hated
slavery and he did not attempt to conceal it.
He remembered the lessons of his youth, and
his heart rebelled against the injustice of the
system. His antipathy was deeply grounded
in his convictions, and he could not be dis-
suaded, nor frightened, nor driven from ex-
pressing it.
He was not a great captain, nor a mighty
ruler; he was only one of the people, but, never-
theless, a hero. Born under the flag of a nation
which claimed for its cardinal principle of gov-
ernment, that all men are created free, yet held
in abject slavery four millions of human beings;
which erected altars to the living God, yet de-
nied to creatures, formed in the image of God
and charged with the custody of immortal souls,
the common rights of humanity: he declared
that the hateful inconsistency should cease to
defile the prayers of Christians and stultify the
advocates of freedom. No dreamer was he, no
mere theorist, but a worker, and a strong one,
who did well the work committed to him. He
entered upon his self-imposed task when sur-
rounded by slaves and slave-owners. He stood
face to face with the iniquitous superstition,
and to their teeth defied its worshipers. _ To
make proselytes he had to conquer prejudices,
correct traditions, elevate duty above interest,
and induce men. who had been the propagand-
ists of slavery, to become its destroyers. Think
you his work was easy? Count the long years
of his unequal strife; gather from the winds,
which scattered them, the curses of his foes;
suffer under all the annoyances and insults
which malice and falsehood can invent, and
you will then understand how much of heart
and hope, of courage and self-relying zeal were
required to make him what he was. and to qual-
ify him to do what he did. And what did he?
When the rough hand of war had stripped off
the pretexts which enveloped the rebellion, and
it became evident that slavery had struck at the
life of the Republic, unmindful of consequences
to himself, he. among the first, arraigned the
real traitor and demanded thepenaltv of death.
The denunciations that fell upon him like a
cloud wrapped him in a mantle of honor, and
more truthfully than the great Roman orator
he could have exclaimed, "Ego hoc animo
semperfui, ul uici'lijitii vir/uicpcnid-'ni- gloriawi
nun tncidiaiiiputarcm?
This man, so stern and inflexible m the exe-
cution of a purpose, so rigorous in his demands
of other men in behalf of a principle, so indif-
ferent to preferment, and all hasp objects of
pursuit, had a monitor to whom he always gave
an open ear and a prompt assent. It was no
demon like that which attended Socrates, no
witch like that invoked by Saul, no fiend like
