1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
personal explanations.
Mr. CONIfLINGr. I ask leave to make a
brief statement.
No objection was made.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask for the reading of
the statement which I send to the Clerk's desk.
It is in the Albany Argus of January 25.
The Clerk read as follows:
"The Coxkmng Proviso.—New York, which now
abridges suffrage on account of color, would lose two
or three Representatives in-the event of its refusal to
remove the existing restriction."—Troy Whig.
"It is probably a recommendation with the Rep-
resentative of New York, of the vindictive and coer-
cive school to which Mr. Conkling belongs, that the
measure he proposes punishes and 111 a measure dis-
franchises his State. In the original formation of
the Constitution New Yorlt surrendered a great deal
of her position, and consented to an equality of rep-
resentation with smaller and ^cs populous States.
The power she has given to others has been ungener-
ously used against her; and instead of readjusting
the measure of representation on the basis of duality
he brings forward a contrivancc to aggravate the in-
justice at the expense of his own State. Mr. Co\ li-
ngo's scheme, like the census of Depew, shows how
little pride in their own State the new-light politicians
have, and in the great struggle of politics and ol sec-
tional greed and rapacity how false they prove to
their State. An attorney who so disgraces the rights
of his clients, under some delusion of fanaticism or
fancied revelation of the higher law, would bo justly
regarded with contempt."
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. Speaker, of the spirit
of this article, or of the assault made upon me
personally, I, of course, shall take no notice.
I rise to correct the error of fact into which
the writer seems to have fallen. The proviso
denounced, having passed this House by more
than two thirds of its votes, and awaiting only
the favorable action of the Senate to go to the
Legislatures of the States, should not be in-
cumbered by misrepresentation so gross as this.
I take occasion, therefore, to state the facts
as they are, not from any pride of paternity,
but to give the proviso a fair hearing before the
public.
It is not true that New York will lose by it
in any event. Should New York disfranchise
every black man within her borders, and should
every southern State give every black mail the
ballot, New York even then could not lose a
single Representative. This is made clear by
the United States census of 1800.
New York had in I860 only forty-nine thou-
sand and live colored persons all told, and this
was twenty per cent, less than twenty years
ago. The number of populatiou necessary to
one Representative is one hundred and twenty-
seven thousand, so that should New York shut
out all her black people the number is too small
to take away a single Representative, and too
small to add one should all the blacksbe counted.
What is true of New York is stilfmoro true
of every other State heretofore a non-slavehold-
ing State, because small as is the colored pop-
ulation of the State of New York, it is larger
than that of any other northern State, Pennsyl-
vania alone excepted.
The House will sec that under the amendment
no northern State would lose a single Repre-
sentative to which itis entitled now, even should
the southern people admit their entire colored
population to the right to vole. This is not to
be expected, 1 take it, for the present at least.
With the amendment working as the south-
ern States will probably allow it to work, at all
events until the blacks are better prepared to
become voters than they are now, the neces-
sary result will be to increase the representa-
tion of New York and all the other Slates in
which the colored element is small.
Had we adopted the idea of making male
voting citizens the basis of representation, it
might well and truly have been said that New
York would lose.
By the census taken only last year there were
in New York three hundred and ninety-nine
thousand four hundred and fifty-six aliens, that
is to say, unnaturalized foreigners. They are
all counted now in the basis of representation.
They all will be counted under the amendment
as we passed it. But in the basis of voting citi-
Kens they would all be excluded, and the State
would lose at oncc three Representatives and
the fraction of a fourth. Several other north-
ern States would lose, some of them in still
larger proportion, by the voting basis.
Why should they submit to such a loss?
The loss would go to the South. Why?
Because emigration moves on lines of lati-
tude, not on lines of longitude. Those coming
here from the Old World keep in the same range
of temperature to which they arc accustomed.
They do not land at Charleston or New Orleans,
bnt-at New York, and then spread westward.
Migration from the North to the South is likely
to be of our native population, carrying citizen-
ship with them and swelling the basis of repre-
sentation wherever they go. whereas the North
will always have a large infusion of foreign ers n ot
yet citizens. And therefore, if we should base
representation on male citizens alone, we should
inflict on the North a perpetual and increasing
loss, and give the South a perpetual and grow-
ing gain. The amendment we have adopted
takes from the States North and West nothing,
and it has the further merit of providing not
only that all citizens shall be represented as
they now are, but that all foreigners shall be
represented also as they now are.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I desire to state that
I was confined to my room all yesterday by a
sick headache. If I had been present, 1 should
have voted for the constitutional amendment
reported by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevens.]
Mr. BOYER. I desire simply to say that
my colleague, Mr. Axcona, was taken seri-
ously ill on Monday last, and is now confined
to his bed. This fact will explain his absence
from the Hall during the last few days.
NAVIGATION* OF THE MISSISSIPPI KIVEIi.
Mr. DONNELLY, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to improve the navigation of
the Mississippi river to the cities of St. Anthony
and Minneapolis, in the State of Minnesota:
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. WASIIBUKNE, of Illinois. Should not
that bill properly go to the Committee on Com-
merce ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed by
the Clerk that the bill has relation to public
lauds.
COMMITTEE OX MIXES AND MINING.
Mr. HIGBY. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Committee on Mines and Mining
be allowed to have a clerk, who-f!!' recei\ e the u - j;i I
compensation fixed by the Hou«e for clocks of com-
mittees.
-I will onlv say that that committee has now
so much business on its hands that it cannot get
along without a clerk. .
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. T objeetto
the resolution.
QUAKAXTINJ) IN NEW YORK.
Mr. WARD, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented concurrent resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of the State of New York, relative to quar-
antine in the port of New York; which were
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ELIOT. I demand the regular order
of business.
Mr. BOYER. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts to withdraw that call for a mo-
ment till 1 can make a statement in the nature
of a personal explanation.
Mr. ELIOT. I withdraw the call for that
purpose.
WAYS AND MEANS.
Mr. MORRILL reported, from the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, a bill to amend an act
entitled "An act to provide ways and means
for the support of the Government,'' approved
March 3, 1865; and moved that the bill be
printed and be made the special order for con-
sideration by the House on Thursday, the 8th
instant, after the morning hour.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
ask the chairman of the Committee of "Ways and
Means [Mr. Morrill] atwhat time he proposes!
to have action upon the loan bill.
Mr. MORRILL: Just as soon as the business
of the House will permit.
tax on whisky.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire also to"ask a ques-
tion. I see that the internal revenue commis-
sion have, recommended a reduction of one dol-
lar per gallon in the tax upon whisky. Unless
it be known to the country whether that recona-
mendation^meetsthe approbation of Congress,
many million dollars of revenue may be lost
during the next few months, because many
manufacturers will suspend operations until the
question shall be settled. 1 desire to suggest
f 0 the chairman of the Committee of Ways and"
Means, that unless the committee intend to
adopt, in that particular, the recommendation
of the commission, a joint resolution declaring
that Congress will not reduce that tax ought to
be introduced and passed. Unless something
of this kind be done, great confusion will be
experienced in the country, and the 'Govern-
ment will lose a very large amount of revenue.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. And de-
stroy the interest of western farmers.
Mr. MORRILL. I11 response to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] I will
say that the Committee of Ways and Means
have not yet taken up the report of the com-
mission. -It lias not'yet been printed by the
Public Printer. On this matter, if an original
question, I may say that the Committee of Ways
and Means would have come to the same con-
clusion as the revenue commissioners; but the
duty having been established, I take the liberty
to say, if they do come to that conclusion, it
will be with very great reluctance.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Is the question be-
fore the House on which the gentleman from
Pennsylvania made a remark?
The SPEAKER. The question before the
House is the bill reported from the committee.
Mr. "WENTWORTH. I want the same priv-
ilege our loaders have. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. If there be 110 objection
the gentleman will be heard.
There was no objection.
Mr. WENTWORTH. _ In reference io intro-
ducing resolutions calling for expression of
members of this House on that subject, I would
advise members first to see for themselves. We
have ordered an extra number of that report,
together with the bill accompanying it: and I
suppose each member would at least be entitled
to have a copy upon his desk. Then, when each
member shall have, read that report and bill be
will be prepared to judge whether it will affect
him or his constituents; that is unless we have,
what is too often done in this House, men rise
in their place and call for the previous question,
and ask their friends to sustain tlieni because
they happened to submit the resolution. On
this occasion I call on members to read the
report and bill for themselves before the ques-
tion shall be sprung on them.
The bill was read a first and second time,
ordered to be printed, and made the special or-
der for Thursday next after the morning hour.
excused rnoji committee service.
Mr. DRIGGS. I rise to a privileged question.
I am now on three important committees, and
1 find it impossible to attend to the duties of
them all. 1 ask to be excused from further
service on the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman hn  the
right to be excused, being on two oilier com-
mittees. "
basis op representation.
Mr. DRIGGS. While I am up I will attend
to another matter. I understand under the new
rule a member is not allowed to ask unanimous
consent to record his vote unless he were pres-
ent when the vote was taken.
The SPEAKER. That is the rule.
Mr. DRIGGS. 1 was absent yesterday when
the vote was taken on the constitutional amend-
