1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3563
position, neither has the Committee ou Print-
ing, to act in opposition to the general wish of
the House; but with that committee I am sat-
isfied the House is acting under a misappre-
hension. If it were not for that I should not
have availed myself of the privilege granted to
me as chairman of that committee to discuss
the resolution before the House.
This resolution does not apply to the Agri-
cultural Report of 18G5, but to an Agricultural
Report of which a very large edition has been
printed and distributed. 1 wish to state a fact
for the House to consider before they proceed
in this summary manner to vote on the resolu-
tion calling for the printing of twenty-five thou-
sand extra copies of an Agricultural Report.
I am told by my associate on the committee
from West Virginia, [Mr. Latham,] who has
given this subject special investigation, that a
large edition already has been printed of this
Agricultural Report, and that the electrotype
plates are so worn that it will be impossible to
print this edition of twenty-five thousand extra
copies without renewing them altogether.
I would like to know where the argument is
to come from that will drive us to the necessity
at this time of publishing a new book, requir-
ing resetting from beginning to end, at an ex-
penditure not to be estimated in the ordinary
way at a dollar and a half or two dollars a vol-
ume. It would amount to thousands of dollars
to print twenty-five thousand copies of the
Report of 1864. So far as the type are con-
cerned, they are now distributed, and it will
really be the publication of a new book.
Mr. ROSS. I believe the plates of the Re-
port for 1863 allowed us to have seven hundred
and fifty copies each. The gentleman lias been
very liberal in reporting for all printing except
that which is beneficial to the farmers of the
country. He lias now persistently sot himself
against the expressed will of the House. I
believe he has reported in favor of printing a
largo number of the Reconstruction Report,
while he strenuously opposes the printing of
this Agricultural Report for the benefit of the
farmers.
Mr. LAFLIN. Does the gentleman intend
to interject a speech into mine ? I thought he
rose to a question.
Mr. ROSS. I wanted to know how the plates
for 18G4 gave out, while we have had so many
more copies of the Report of 1863. What is
the matter with the plates?
Mr. LxYFLIN. I was proposing to answer
the gentleman's question, but he continued his
speech and did not give me an opportunity.
Now, sir, I am not able to say why it was that
the metal used in 1863 proved superior to that
used in 1864. 1 am telling what I understand
to be the fact, on the authority of my colleague
on the committee, [Mr. Latham, ] that the plates
are worn out; but the reason why they are worn
out 1 have not been able to discover.
Mr. ANCONA. If the gentleman will allow
me, I think I could help him to a satisfactory an-
swer to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Ross,]
by assuming that these plates are not worn out
at all, but that the Public Printer only wishes
to save himself from the labor of printing this
additional number, and makes that a mere pre-
text.
Mr. LAFLIN. Mr. Speaker, I am unable
to understand the drift of the remark of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania. If the gentle-
man means to intimate that the Superintendent
of Public Printing desires to serve the ends of
economy and of public interest, I conceive that
he is right; but if by that intimation he intends
to convey the impression that the Superintend-
ent of Public Printing does not design and is
not willing to do his duty, I repudiate, on his
behalf, such an intimation.
Now, I say to this House that if this resolu-
tion is passed you have got to go to the expense
of preparing the work do novo. If gentlemen
waul more books than they have now, in the
name of common sense let them, instead of
passing this resolution, pass a resolution to
print the Agricultural Report of 1865. To print
twenty five thousand copies of the Report of
18G4 will cost as much as to print seventy-five
thousand copies of the Report of 1865. Let us,
therefore, show some practical sense, some
judgment, and have the books of lsuo printed
instead of 18G4. Wo might go on and print the
Agricultural Reports of 1862 and 1863, and so
on with regard to every book ever ordered by
Congress, with just the same propriety as to
print this.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the gentleman allow
me to say a few words on the subject of plates?
Mr. LAFLIN. A very few.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think it rather recom-
mends itself to the House that these plates are
worn out. If the House knew how these plates
are gotten up they would not consider them of
any great use. In 1863, a few^days after the
battle of Chancellorsville, happening to be in
this city, I called upon the Commissioner of
Agriculture, and he showed me an engraved
picture of a sheep which he said he had im-
ported from Europe, and he was going to have
the picture inserted in the next Agricultural
Report. I remarked that it was a very fine
animal; I never in my life saw a sheep so large
across the hams and withers. The Commis-
sioner was very much pleased with my remarks.
" Now,'' said he, '' I will show you the original
photograph of the sheep." So he got it out.
It did not look like the engraved plato at all.
Then he showed me another picture of the
sheep, which he had had painted up after the
original photograph and improved so that the
lithographer could make the fine picture that
was to embellish the Agricultural Report. Now,
I submit that if these plates are gotten up by
the Commissioner of Agriculture in that man-
ner we had better have the book without the
plates.
Mr. LAFLIN. I did not yield for a speech
on the subject of pictures. I supposed the
gentleman was going to say something on the
subject of printing.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not know anything
about printing. [Laughter.]
Mr. LAFLIN. Mr. Speaker, the Govern-
ment of the United States printed during the
last year one hundred and fifty-five thousand
copies of the Agricultural Report, and it must
have cost the Government from a dollar and
a half to two dollars per volume for each extra
copy beyond the cost of composition. The
paper and press-work alone cost a dollar and
a half per volume. We have got to expend,
to prepare twenty-five thousand copies, as
much money as if we printed one hundred
thousand copies. Every member is receiving
from five to six hundred copies of the Agri-
cultural Report for distribution, at a cost of
ten or twelve thousand dollars; and when we
bear in mind that these Agricultural Reports
are sent, not to the men who cannot afford to
buy newspapers, but to the men who are best
able to buy those papers, I ask whether it is
not a subject worthy of consideration why we
should tax the men who cannot afford to buy
these papers for the sake of giving these books
to the men who are.
I am perfectly satisfied that if the tax-payers
of the country understood, what every member
of this House understands, that all he has to
do to obtain a copy of the Agricultural Report
until the supply is exhausted, is to write to his
member of Congress and request the same, it
would not be six months before the House
would be deluged with demands that would
occupy not only the Public Printing Office, but
all the printing offices in New York and Phil-
adelphia. It would consume not only, as we
do now, such a vast proportion of the paper
of the United States, but would take nearly all
of it. And indeed I do not know how this great
evil of printing such inordinate, extravagant,
and enormous editions of books is ever to be
corrected except when the people come io
understand that all they have to do to obtain
books is to send to members of Congress, and
then the demand will become so enormous that
not even my liberal friend from Illinois [Mr.
Ross] or my kind and generous friend from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Johnson] will have the
hardihood to rise upon this floor and ask for
such editions.
Why, sir, I am astonished to see gentlemen
on the other side of the House demanding an
extra edition of the Agricultural Report of
1864. So far as T have seen or have been able
to read the papers which represent and advo-
cate their principles, they have been unani-
mous in their declarations of the extravagance
of the public printing ; and it was but a short
time ago that I noticed that they had com-
menced a campaign against members on this
side of the House that they had willingly con-
sented to such extravagance. Why, sir, I saw
it stated in a Democratic paper that the commit-
tee of the Senate had already initiated a move-
ment whereby somewhere about a million dol-
lars was to be expended in printing reports
whereby money was to be expended, not for
the purpose of any benefit to the public, but
for the purpose of rewarding some worn-out
politicians.
Mr. ROSS. There has been no complaint
about the printing of Agricultural Reports. It
is the printing of political documents that we
have been objecting to.
Mr. LAFLIN. I fully understand that. I
fully understand that the object of the gentle-
men is to run up such an enormous sum of
expenditures in every department that they
can-go before the people of the United States
and deery and condemn this Administration
for its extravagance. And when gentlemen
upon that side of the House can go before the
people and can show that each member of
Congress is receiving an expenditure made in
his behalf in public printing of from two to
three thousand dollars a year and say, •' We are
not responsible; this thing lias been done to
us by the majority with the consent of those
who control that majority,they can apply the
argument with great power and force.
Mr. ROSS. If the gentleman wishes to put
himself and his party friends on record against
publishing the Agricultural Repot t and iiW^ivor
of publishing political documents, we are will-
ing to accept that issue.
Mr. LAFLIN. So far as our relations to
that matter are concerned, I stand ready to jus-
tify them both here and anywhere. In no par-
ticular has the Committee on Printing allowed
themselves to be influenced by merely political
considerations in their action. The very last
report which was made from that committee,
and which was submitted by the gentleman
from West Virginia, [Mr. Latham,] ought of
itself to be sufficient to disprove such an im-
putation as that. That report was in favor of
printing both the majority and the minority
reports of the joint committee on reconstruc-
tion ; no partiality, no preference was shown.
And the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Ross]
knows that this House was not under any
obligation to print that minority report. Now,
I defy any member of this House to point to
any report which this committee has made,
or to any report which tliev have declined
to make, which would authorize him to cast
that imputation upon the committee. I hope
that by this time the House thoroughly under-
stands this question. Now, if after this expla-
nation, members shall choose to adopt a reso-
lution calling for the printing of this extra num-
ber of Agricultural Reports, at this immense cost
to the Government; if they choose, simply for
the purpose of procuring twenty-five thousand
additional copies of the Agricultural Report of
1864. to inijose an expense upon the Govern-
ment which would give thorn from fifty to sev-
enty-five thousand more copies of the Report
of 1865, then all I have to say is, that I have
done my duty, and upon them rests the respon-
sibility.
Mr. MILLER. Will the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Laplin] yield to me for a few
moments ?
Mr. LAFLIN. I will yield five minutes, and
then I shall call for the vote.
Mr. MILLER. I do not think that this
question has any side of the House to it. We
are all on one side, I trust, on this great ques-
