1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1648
and therefore there is an exception made. But
the right of a member to the franchise of the
office; to enjoy it, its honors, its powers, its
representative character, is what is involved in
the proposition whether a Senator shall vote
where that franchise is brought into question.
Now, sir, the more immediate question before
the body is as to the proper mode of procedure.
The honorable Senator from Ohio [Mr. Shbu-
max] has told vis that he approves rather the
motion now pending, made by the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts, to stride from the
Journal the vote of Mr. Stockton, and thus cor-
rect the proceeding and deprive that Senator
of the vote that he east. The honorable Sen-
ator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbttt.t.] thinks that
the proper course is to move a reconsideration
of the vote, and inthatrespeclaSenatorobjects,
and says thatif that course be taken, then while
the names of Senators are being called no ques-
tion can arise as to the right to vote of a Sena-
tor, for the call cannot be arrested. That might
be gotten over, after the motion to reconsider
was made, by a separate resolution, which should
be a rule of the body, if adopted, declaring that
no Senator has a right to vote upon the ques-
tion as to whether he is entitled to a seat in the
Senate or not; and that being adopted, would
be a rule of the Senate.
But there is a further objection, I think on
reflection, to the mode proposed by the Sena-
tor from Illlinois, namely, to reconsider the
proceeding already had. It is that the recon-
sideration is based upon the presumption that
the Senator from New Jersey had a right to
vote; for as the resolution was carried by but
one majority, and his vote made that majority,
if he had no right to vote the vote was null, and
no decision was arrived at in his favor. If his
vote was null and void, there is nothing to be
reconsidered; but if he had a right to vote, the
Senate may reconsider its action. The pro-
ceeding to reconsider, therefore, seems to carry
with it the presumption that the Senator from
New .Jersey had the right to vote, for it is his
vote that gives the majority and makes the re-
consideration necessary; and in that view of
the case 1 am not certain but that I prefer the
mode first proposed by the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts, to correct the record,which
assumes that the record is wrong, because the
Senator from New Jersey had no right to make
up the majority by easting his own vote.
Thus, Mr. President, I have endeavored to
consider the immediate question at issue, and
I close by saying that I have no doubt upon the
question as to whether the Senator from New
Jersey, or any other Senator, should have the
right to vote when his seat was brought in
question in a legislative body.
Mr. SALISBURY. Mr. President, I have
only one remark to make. When the prop-
osition wa<> made by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts to amend the Journal of the Senate,
knowing as I did, and knowing as every Sen-
ator here knows, that the Journal spoke the
truth, and therefore could not be corrected
except so to make it speak falsely. I raised
a question of order as to the proposition of the
Senator from Massachusetts. When Mr. Stock-
ton, the Senator from New Jersey. voted the
other day, there was objection made, bat his
name was called and lie voted. A Senator
rose and inquired of the Chair whether it was
proper, whether it was legal, for the Senator
from New J ersey to vote upon that proposition.
An-y one hearing the decision of the Chair
must have come to the conclusion that, in
answer to that question, which amounted in
fact to an objection to that vote being recorded,
the Chair decided in effect that it was proper,
the name of the Senator being on the list, and
there being no rule of the body to exclude the
vote. If that was an objection made, and the
decision of the Chair was against the objection,
then I hold that, the only proper mode to be
pursued was to take an appeal from the decis-
ion of the Chair on that question, and to have
had a vote of the Senate whether that decision
should stand as the judgment of the body.
But if it be not treated as a decision of the
Chair, still I hold that the only proper mode !
would be a reconsideration of the vote declar- !
ing that the Senator from New Jersey was
entitled to his scat.
Now, Mr. President, let us look at this ques-
tion for one moment in a legal point of view.
It is not the first time in the course of my not
very long life that I have seen law-books cited
in support of a proposition which had nothing
to do with the case under consideration. What
is the objection made here to the right of the
Senator from New Jersey to vote in this case?
It is that, the law-books say that no man shall
be a judge in his own case. To what has that
application? To legislative bodies, as to the
right of members to seats in those bodies? Not
at all; but it has reference and reference alone
to judicial proceedings, proceedings in court,
proceedings before legal tribunals, and not to
proceedings in legislative bodies. If the Sen-
ator from New Jersey held an office that the
courts could take judicial cognizance of, the
right to exercise which they could inquire about,
this question might have application. Suppose
that a person assumes to exercise the duties
of an office and a writ of quo warranto is sued
out against him, that is a proceeding in court,
and in such a case as that the person who is
the party to that writ cannot sit as a judge in
the case. The principle cited that a party shall
not be a judge in his own cause never had ap-
plication. and the law-books from which the
principle is cited show conclusively that it never
had application in reference to proceedings in
legislative bodies, but only to judicial proceed-
ings in courts of law and equity.
But, sir, look at the form in which this propo-
sition is made. It is in effect, as I said, treat-
ing it in one aspect, a proposition to amend
the Journal, which you cannot amend except
you make it speak falsely, to say that a thing
did not occur which actually did occur in the
body. I now come to view it in a more objec-
tionable aspect. As the motion reads, it is to
strike from the Journal the vote of Mr. Stock-
ton. Have you got that right? If you have,
then I hold that you have the same authority
to come into the Senate and on motion strike,
from the Journal the fact that a bill was passed.
Have you got that right? When the Journal
shows that it was passed, and when the body
knows that it was passed, can you do that, in-
stead of moving to reconsider the vote upon
the passage of the bill? Have you the authority 1
to get rid of the binding effect of that act by
simply moving to strike from' the Journal the
fact that it had passed the body? If you have
not got authority to do the latter you have not
the authority to do this.
Mr. President, every legislative body makes
its own rules. It is said that this is contrary
to parliamentary law. A ease has not been
cited where it has been held to be contrary to
parliamentary law, where there' was not some
rule of the body in conflict with which it was.
The eases cited from the British Parliament
show this state of facts: that when a question
in which a member of Parliament is interested
is before the body he is bound to withdraw under
their rules. Is that according to any parlia-
mentary law except the law of the Parliament
of Great Britain? Does it bind any other le-
gislative body? If so, why did you not order
Mr. Stockton out of this Chamber when his
question was under consideration? Then the
authority of a rule of the House of Represent-
atives is cited which says that when a member
of the House of Representatives is interested,
he shall not vote upon the subject. That shon s
that in the absence of such a rule a"s" that in the
House of Representatives the party would have
been entitled to vote; and to make it applica-
ble here yon are hound to show that before that,
vote was refolded there was some rule of this
body to prevent it. because the rules of the
il eus'' of Representatives do not bind the Sen-
ate of the. United States. Is there any such
rule in this body? Nobody contends there is,
and yet the case is attempted to be decided upon
parliamentary law and eases arising under spe-
cial rules adopted in the English Parliament
and special rules adopted in the House of Rep-
resentatives for their government.
Mr. President, this case only shows this fact,
that in times of high political excitement the
interests of party rise infinitely higher than the
great^ questions of justice and of law ; and if
Mr. Stockton, the Senator from New Jersey, is
ousted from his scat, in my judgment it will not
be because the law or justice is against his right,
but because the interests of party seem to de-
mand it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, it is not
very material to me ho%v this question is arrived
at; I do not think there is any importance in
that. It occurred to me at first that perhaps*
the better way would be to move a reconsider-
ation of the vote taken on Friday ; but I think
on reflection the motion of the Senator from
Massachusetts will settle the'question. His
motion is that the Journal of Friday the 23d of
March, 1806, be*amended by striking ont the
vote of Mr. Stockton on the question of his right
to a seat in the Senate. If that resolution should
pass, the consequence would follow which he
lias slated, and for which he has cited a prece-
dent—that the resolution would remain not
passed.
Mr. SUMNER. Not agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That would be the po-
sition of it. It would stand a tie vote, and of
course the resolution would not be agreed to.
That is the position in which it would be left
if this motion should prevail, as I understand
.it. Now, that the Senator from New Jersey
had no right to vote is to my mind very clear,
and I am sorry, exceedingly sorry, that he
should have been betrayed into some remarks
that have fallen from him, and that the Sena-
tor from Delaware should have followed them
up, in which the Senator from Now Jersey
started by saying that eleven States are kept
out of the Union and now New Jersey is to be
kept out of the Union. Such imputations are
unwarranted here. The Senator from Dela-
ware talks of party associations. Sir, if party
was to decide it the Senator from New Jersey
would have had no power, by an improper vote
of his own, to sit here to-day. It is a judi-
cial question; and it is because members of
the Senate rise above all political considera-
tions in deciding such questions that the Sen-
ator sits here an hour, and it ill becomes him
to taunt the Senate with party considerations.
It is because it is no party question, because it
is a judicial question purely, one affecting him,
that he has no right to vote. It is not at all
like the ease he puts of the Senate of New Jer-
sey, which he says is to-day presided over by a
senator who voted for himself. Is that at all
like this case here? Did the senator in New
Jersey settle his right to vote? The inde-
pendent right of a voter is one thing : but that
being settled he may vote for himself; that is
a matter of propriety and delicacy on his own
part. But when the question is whether he has
the right to vote at all or not, it is a judicial
question upon which he has no right whatever
to votq.
Let me say to my learned friend from Mary-
land that these questions are not confined to
dollars and cents. It is the interest of the party
that disqualifies him. It is the principle that
a man shall not be a judge in his own case,
and the office may furnish as high a temptation
as the dollars and cents to do wrong. It 13
because e ivil governments would carry out that
divine precept. '■ Lead us not into temptation, '
that 110 man is to be temptod to do wrong by
deciding in his own ease.
I have before me a decision of a case, a po-
litical ease, decided in a judicial tribunal, aris-
ing out of an election in the State of Pennsyl-
vania—The Commonwealth vs. MeCloskev. 2
Rawle. Sti'J. 1 read the syllabus of the case:
" Under the aet of Assembly of the 2ith of VIarch,
tSJ'J. incorporating the township of Moynineiisin:,',
the three commissioners-elect arc nut competent to
take part in deciding on tbe validity of their own
eleeuon.*"
Now, let me read from the opinion of the
supreme court of Pennsylvania in that case :
"From the facts which have been disclosed, it is
