580
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
■ment in reference to the basis of representa-
tion, engaged in business connected with the
fublic lands, by order of the House. I regret
was not present; if I had been, I would have
•voted in the affirmative.
Mr. NEWELL also stated he was unavoid-
ably absent; and, if present, would have voted
in the affirmative.
LAWS OF NEW MEXICO.
Mr. CLABKE, of Kansas," by unanimous
consent, submitted the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to :
-jUenolved, That tho Judiciary Committee bo in-
structed to examine the laws of the Territorial As-
sewbty of the Territory of New Mexico, and mako
inquiry into the -nature of certain acts concerning
free negroes andtho relations of master and servant;
sad-report by bill or otherwise.
speaker's table.
■ Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, by unanimous
consent, moved to take from the Speaker's
table Senate bill No. 9-1, to amend an act enti-
tled 1 'An act for the relief of seamen and others
borne upon the books of vessels wrecked or
lost in the naval service," approved July 4,
1864, and for other purposes ; and Senate joint
resolution No. 25, tendering the thanks of Con-
gress to Vice Admiral David 6. Farragut, and
the officers, potty officers, seamen, and marines
under his command, for their gallantry andgood
conduct in action in Mobile bay on llie Oth of
August, 18H4; and (hat, they be referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
bridges destroyed boring tiit5 war.
Mi-. LATHAM, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted .joint resolution of the Legislature of
West Virginia concerning the repair of bridges,
&c., destroyed by the Union armies as a means
of safety during (he rebellion; which was or-
dered to be printed, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
traxster mom virginia to west virginia.
Mr. LATHAM also presented joint resolu-
tion of the, Legislature of West Virginia, asking
for speedy action in consenting to the transfer
of Berkeley and Jefferson counties from Vir-
ginia to West Vliginia; which was ordered to
be printed, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
railroads jn west virginta,
Mr. LATHAM also presented a joint reso-
lution of the same I legislature, asking for the
passage of the bill entitled "A bill granting
lands to the State of West Virginia to aid in
the construction of certain railroads; which
was referred to the Committee on Roads and
Canals, and ordered to be printed.
hospital buildings in west virginia.
Mr. LATHAM. I also ask unanimous eon
sent to submit for action at this time a joint
resolution donafingcertaiu property of the Uni-
ted States to boards of education oC certain
townships of Tavlor county, West Virginia.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. "Let the
resolution bo read.
The Clerk read the joint resolution.
It provides that the buildings and lumber of
the United States at 0 rafton, Webster, and New
Creek, West Virginia, lately used for hospitals
and for quartermaster and commissary pur-
poses, be donated to the boards of education of
those townships.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will not
object to that resolution going to the Committee
on Military Affairs, but i do objcct to its pas-
sage now.
The joint resolution was accordingly read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
PENSIONS.
Mr. FER11Y, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill supplemental to the several acts
relating to pensions; which was read a first and
second time, ordered to be printed, and referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
JOIST RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. RAYMOND. I ask that certain joint
resolutions of the Legislature of the State of
New York, which were px-esented yesterday, be
considered as presented to day in open House,
and that they be ordered to be jwinted.
No objection being made, it was so ordered.
LIGHT-HOUSE EOARD.
Mr. KASSON. I ask unanimous consent to
present the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs in-
quire into and report upon the expediency of dis-
pensing with the Light-House Board, and placing tho
duties thereof in charge of a bureau of the Navy De-
partment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object to
that, resolution going to the Committee on Naval
Affairs. Let it go to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. KASSON. I prefer that it should go to
tho Naval Committee.
Mr. WA&HBURNE, of Illinois. It belongs
to the Committee on Commerce. If the gentle-
man will so modify it I will not object.
Mr. KASSON. Very well.
The resolution was accordingly referred to
tho Committee on Commerce.
Mr. ELIOT called for the special order.
RAILROAD FARES AND I'ltHICIlTS.
Mr. BID WELL. I ask unanimous consent
to report back a resolution from the Committee
on Agriculture and have it referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
Mr. ELIOT. I will yield a moment for that
purpose.
Mr. BtDWELL. Tho author of the resolu-
tion, on my right,, [Mr, Hariu.vg, of Illinois,]
wants to have a word to say on the resolution,
and 1 desire it, to bo so placed that he can have
that opportunity,
Mr. EARNSWOIITII. Let us hear the res-
olution read.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows;
licsolved. That the Committee on Apiculture be
instructed to inquire into tho expediency of .so <;r;ut-
uaiinf: t:> vai.iou tor revenue upon '' fare-: ami rates"
charged by railroad coitip.'tnieH and others for the
transportation of pu^cnsseis and i'l-cu-'ho; over tho
ln£hw,i>* ,,reomine!c<\ i net while neoest-ary revenue
shall be derived, relief may incidentally result, to the
agricultural nnd other interests of tho country from
t hellish, opprc.-,MVe nnpositiou.-<th:i t are now crushing
those interests, especially in the West; and whether,
by the judicious and lawful exercise of tho power of
t,'onerous to ra,lrie lxuenue and to regulate trade a.nd
co uimci ee am on k th e Slates, relief ma v not bcatl'orded
to thefarmcis and comumcr? of the country from the
exorbitant exactions ol combined monopolies.
Mr. B1DWBLL. I observe that there are
two questions mvolved in this resolution. One
is the raising or revenue, tho other, and a very
important one, that, of the constitutionality of
the measure. It, will he seen, therefore, why the
Committee on Agriculture thought proper to
refer it, back before going so far as to elaborate
a measme on the, subject. I hope that an op-
portunity may be allowed for the author of'fhe
lesolntion to he heard.
Mr. HARDING, ofillinois. Idonotdesign,
under the calls for the regular order of business,
to detain the House from the consideration of
tho subject which they have determined to con-
sider at this time. I simply desiretosaythatthe
operations of the railroads of the United States
present facts of great importance to the country,
and furnish great reason for restraining and
regulating legislation. Tho influence of these
facts is manifested by the communications which
every mail brings to us from tho great West.
The numerous meetings of the people in assem-
blies and m conventions, and their speeches,
resolutions, and resolves, all manifest them-
selves so plainly that no member upon this floor
can have failed to notice that discontent and
complaint pervade the entire West. In this be-
lief, and referring to the numerous publications
upon this subject, I will leave the House to judge
how important these facts must be, connected
with the transportation system of this country,
to produce so much attention in times of so much
interest.
It is true, according to my observation, that
beyond the necessary imposition for the cost of
transportation^ exorbitant exactions, amount
ingtotheimposition of export andimportduties,
are imposed upon the productions of the agri-
culture of the West. I wish to be understood
that the railroads of the country, especially in
the West, are doing what Congress itself is pro-
hibited from doing by the Constitution. We
cannot levy an export duty, but the railroads
do restrict copimercennd completely and effect-
ually suppress and inhibit it in many instances.
In Illinois, for instance, if gentlemen will look,
they will see that railroads constructed by land
grants, sonstructed for the public use by con-
tributions of individuals, and by taking (of pub-
lic) lands without compensation to individuals-
for right of way, are operating upon a system
of charges exceeding, in some cases ten dol-'
lars a ton for a hundred miles. Greater charges
are exacted, foT instance, from Rock Island to
Davenport than are exacted from Pittsburg to
Chicago.
The combinations which exist in reference
to the means of transportation have destroyed
all the ordinary competition in that business,
and left tho entire West at the mercy of these,
combinations. They almost control the entire
channels of commerce throughout the country.
The rivers, our last means of transportation, are
about to shake hands with the railroads, and
in many instances a union is already effected
by which we pay the same rates upon the water
that we do upon the railroads.
It is already written in the "books" that
"even now in the United States railroad com-
panies control legislation in many of the States;
that, the day for general combination is ap-
proaching;'' and it is already seen and felt, by
my constituents at least, "that of all govern-
ments the most exhaustive and -oppressive is
that of the transporters." When under the lead
of the Vanderbilts and others, these lines on
the rivers shall be completely combined with
the railroads, we may well distrust the future
of our country. I was gladdened by the una-
nimity with which this House asserted thepower
to authorize transportation, and but for the pro-
vision giving the right to all railroads to de-
mand unlimited compensation, I should have
voted for it with all my heart. I then believed
it released or tended to relax the obligations
of land-grant railroads, and especially the Illi-
nois Central, from contracts to transport for
Government without compensation; and I now
think that Congress should further assert this
power to prevent gross impositions by these
public agents upon the interests of the country.
Wc can legislate to facilitate inland intercourse
directly or indirectly by graduating taxation
upon their earnings according to the charges by
which these earnings are exacted, so as to limit
them within fair bounds.
And now, sir, in this state of things, I ask
the House to give to this subject such attention
as will enable them to vote relief at least to the
constituents of the gentlemen from the "West.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will my
colleague allow me a moment?
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. Certainlv.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. My' col-
league has spoken and spoken truly of the rail-
road combinations and monopolies in the North-
west which are destroying all the productive
interests of the people of our State. His con-
stituents will thank him for his good words.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is before the H ouse?
The SPEAKER. A proposition to discharge
the Committee on Agriculture from the further
consideration of the resolution.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is it debatable? '
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. WASHBURNE, ofillinois. I only in-
terrupted my colleague to thank him for his
pertinent observations on a subject in which
my constituents have a common interest with
his own. It is the oppression of the great pro-
ducing interests of our constituents by the ex-
tortions of tlierailroads in our State. Our peo-
ple musj havfe relief in some way from the
present state of things, and as ona means of
