2604
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
belonging to the liead of a family so that it
shall read :
That there shall be exempt from distraint and sale,
if belonging to tho hoad of a family, the school-boojss
and apparel necessary for a family.
Mr. MORRILL. I have no objection to
that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I move to amend the
exemption clause by inserting after the word
"cow," inline four hundred and ninety-two,
the words "two hogs."
I think that, in providing for this exemption
of certain things, the pig should go with the
cow. This corresponds with the law of almost
all the States in reference to exemption from
execution.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend as fol-
lows:
On page 25, before the word " demand," in line three
hundred and eighty-four, insert the words "give
notice and."
^ On the same page, before the word "demand," in
line three hundred and ninety, insert tho words
"notice and."
In the same line strike outthe word "therefor."
Strike out the word "chattels " in lines three hun-
dred and ninety-eight and four hundred.
So that the clause will read:
And with respect to all such duties or taxes as are
not included in the annual lists aforesaid, and ail
taxes and duties the collection of whieh is not other-
wise provided for in this act, it shall be the duty of
cach collector, in person or by deputy, to give notice
and demand payment thereof, in the manner last
mentioned, within ten days from and after receiving
tho list thereof from the assessor, or within twenty
days from and after tho expiration of tho time within
which such duty or tax should have been paid; and
it the annual or other duties shall not be paid within
ten days from and after such notice and demand, it
shall be lawful for such collector, or his deputies, to
proceed to collect the said duties or taxes, with ten
per cent, additional thereto, as aforesaid, by distraint
and salo of the goods, chattels, or effects, including
stocks, securities, and evidences of debt, of the per-
sons delinquent asaforesaid. And in caseof distraint,
it 5-liaU be the duty of the officer charged with tho
collection to make, or cause to be made, an account
of the goods or effects distrained, a copy of which,
signed by the officer making such distraint, shall be
J eft with the owner or possessor ofsuch goods or effects,
or at his or her dwelling or usual place of business,
with some person of suitable age and discretion, if any
fuch can bo found, with a note of thesumdemanded,
and the time and place of sale.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMES. It will be seen that while
this section provides for serving notice of the
sale, there is no provision for any fixed time
intervening between the service of the notice
and the day of sale. It will be found that
there is a provision for the publication and
posting of the notice not less than ten nor more
than twenty days. It appears to me that the
same provision should bo extended to the per-
sonal service of the notice. I move, there-
fore, to amend by inserting after the word
" notification" in line four hundred and four-
teen, on page !20, the following words :
To the owner or possessor of the property, and the
publication and posting of such notice as herein
provided.
So that the clause will read as follows:
Which notice shall specify the articles distrained,
and the time and place for the sale thereof, which
time shall not be lets than ten normore than twenty
days from the date of such notification to the owner
or possessor of the property, and the publication and
posting of such notice as herein provided, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I move to amend by
inserting after _ the word "hogs," in line four
hundred and ninety-two, the words " ten sheep
and the wool thereof."
Mr. MORRILL. I would like to inquire of
my colleague how much ten sheep, such as he
is in the habit of keeping, would probably be
worth.
Mr. "ft OODRRIDGE. I do not know pre-
cisely. I suppose something over three or four
dollars a head. It seems to me that this is a
very proper amendment.
Mr. ZNIIJ jLER. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out "ten" and inserting
five.'"
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. SOHJBNGK. I move further to amend
the amendment by adding thefollowingproviso:
Provided* That the aggregate market value of the
sheep so exempted shall not exceed fifty dollars.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I have no objection
to that.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. NIBLACK. I move to amend the
amendment so as to provide, in reference to
these sheep, that there shall be " no distinction
of race or color." [Laughter.]
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The amendment as amended was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by strik-
ing out in the four hundred and thirty-ninth
line the word " interests" and inserting "in-
terest. J'
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPALDING. I move in line four hun-
dred and ninety-one to insert before the word
"apparel" the word "wearing;" so that it
will read "wearing apparel."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMES. I move to amend by insert-
ing after the words "one cow, two hogs, and
five sheep " these words : "and the necessary
food for such animals for a period not exceed-
ing thirty days."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
That section twenty-nine be amended by striking
out all after the enacting clause and inserting in lieu
thereof the following: that in all cases where! the
property liable to distraint for duties or taxes under
this act may not be divisible, so as to enable the col-
lector by a sale of jiart thereof to raise the whole
amount of tho tax, with all costs, charges, and com-
missions, tho whole of such property shall be sold,
and the surplus of the proceeds of the sale, after
satisfyingthe duty or tax, costs, and charges, shall be
paid to the owner of the property, or his, her, or their
legal representatives; or if he, she, or they cannot be
found, or refuse to receive the same, then such sur-
plus shall be deposited in tho Treasury of the United
States, to be "there held for the use of the owner, or
his, her, or their legal representatives, until he. she,
or they shall make application therefor to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, who. upon such application,
shall, hy warrant on the Treasury, cause the same to
be paid to the applicant. And if any of the property
advertised for sale as aforesaid is of a kind subject to
tax or duty under the provisions of this act, and such
tax or duty has nut been paid, and the amount bid
for such property is not equal to the amount of such
tax or duty, the collector shall purchase the same in
behalf of theUnitedStates foranamountnotexceed-
ing the said tax or duty. And in all cases arising
under this act where property subject to tax, but upon
which the tax has not been paid, shall beseized upon
distraint, or otherwise, and sold, the amount of such
tax shall, after deducting the expenses of such sale,
be first appropriated out of the proceeds thereof, to
the payment of said tax. And if no assessment of
tax or duty has been made Upon such property, the
same shall be made in like manner as elsewhere pro-
vided for the assessment of taxes upon property of
like nature. And all property so purchased may be
sold by said collector, under such regulations as may
be prescribed by the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue. And the collectorshall render a distinct account
of all charges incurred in the sale of such property to
tho Commissioner of Internal Revenue, who'shall,
bv regulation, determine the fees and costs to be
allowed in cases of distraint and other seizures; and
the said collector shall pay into the Treasury, the
surplus, if any there be, after defraying the charges.
Mr. MORRILL. I move the following amend-
ments:
In line five hundred and seven strike out the words
"her or their;" in line five hundred and eight strike
out the words "she or they;" and in line five hundred
and eleven "her or their."
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move in line five hundred
and thirty-five to strike out the word " costs "
and to insert the word " chargesin line five
hundred and thirty-six,before the wordi 'cases,''
insert the word "all;" in line five hundred and
thirty-eight strike out the word "the" and in-
sert the words "fees and;" and in line five hun-
dred and thirty-six strike out the word "and"
where it last occurs, and insert these words;
" or where necessary expenses for making such
necessary distraint or seizure have been- in-
curred, and in case of sale."
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. DAYIS. I move to insert in line five
hundred and thirteen, after the word " applica-
tion," these words: "and satisfactory proofs
in support thereof."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. THAYER. I wish to call the attention
of the committee to the fact that the provision
in line five hundred and nineteen makes it man-
datory on the revenue officers to buy the prop-
erty in all cases where the amount bid is not
equal to the taxes in arrear. I think that
should be left discretionary with the officers.
The Government might be compelled to buy
an elephant.
Mr. MORRILL. The gentleman is correct.
Mr. THAYER. I move to strike out('shall'J
and insert " may."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the next paragraph, as
follows:
That section thirty be amended by striking out
all after the enacting clause and inserting in lieu
thereof the following: that in any case where goods,
chattels, or effects, sufficient to satisfy the taxes or
duties imposed by this act upon any person liable to
pay the same, shall not be found by the collector or
deputy collector, whose duty it may be to collect the
same, he is hereby authorized to collect the same by
seizure and sale of real estate; and the offieer mak-
ing such seizure and sale shall give notice to the per-
son whose estate is proposed to be sold, by giving
him in hand, or leaving at his last or usual place of
abode, if he has any such within the collection dis-
trict where said estate is situated, a notice, in writ-
ing, stating what particular estate is pioposed to bo
sold, describing the same with reasonable certainty,
and the time when and place where said officer pro-
poses to sell the same; which time shall not be less
than twenty nor more than forty days from the time
of giving said notice. And the said officer shall also
cause a notification to the same effect to be published
in some newspaper within the county where such
seizure is made, if any such there be, and shall also
cause a like notice to be posted up at the post office
nearest to the estate to be seized, and in two other
public places within the county; and the place of
said sale shall not be more than five miles distant
from the estate seized, except by special order of the
Commissioner of Internal .Revenue. At the time
and place appointed, the officer making such seizure
shaH proceed to sell the said estate at. public auction,
offering the same at the minimum price, including
the expense of making such levy, and all charges for
advertising, and au officer's fee of ten dollars. And
in case the real estate so seized, as aforesaid, shall
consist of several distinct tracts or parcels, the officer
making sale thereof shall offer each tract or parcel
for sale separately, and shall, if he deem it advisable,
apportion the expenses, charges, and fees, aforesaid,
to such several tracts or parcels, or to any of them,
in estimating the minimum price aforesaid. And if
no person offers for said estate the amount of said
minimum price, the officer shall dcclarc the -same to
be purchased by him for the United States, and
shall deposit with the district attorney of the United
States a deed thereof, as hereinafter specified and
provided; otherwise the same shall be declared to
be sold to the highest bidder. And said sale may bo
adjourned from time to time by said officer for a
period not exceeding thirty days in all, if he shall
think it advisable so to do. If tho amount bid shall
not be then and thercpaid, theofficcrshall forthwith
proceed to again sell said estate in the same manner.
If the amount bid shall be then and there paid, the
officer shall give his receipt therefor, if requested,
and within five days thereafter ho shall make out a
deed of the estate so sold to the purchaser thereof,
and execute the same in his official capacity, in the
manner prescribed by the laws of the State in which
said estate may be situated, in which said deed shall
be recited the fact of said seizure and sale, with the
cause thereof, the amount of tax or duty for which
said sale was made, and of all charges and fees, and
tho amount paid by the purchaser, and all his acts
and doings in relation to said seizure and sale, and
shall have the same ready for delivery to said pur-
chaser, and shall deliver tho same accordingly, upon
request therefor. And' said deed shall be nrimafncie
evidence of the truth of the facts stated therein, and
if the proceedings of the officer as set forth have been
substantially in pursuance of the provisions of this
act, shall be considered and operate as aconveyanco
to the purchaser of all the rights in law or equity
which the delinquent tax-payer had in tho premises
at the time the lieu of the United States attached to
said estate. The surplus, if any, arising from such
sale shall be disposed of as provided in this act lor
like eases arising upon sales of personal property.
And any person whose estate may be seized for taxes,
as aforesaid, shall have the same right to pay or ten-
der tho amount due, with all proper charges thereon,
prior to the sale thereof, and thereupon t<  relievo his
said estate from sale as aforesaid, as is provided in
this act for personal property similarly situated. And
any collector or deputy collector may, for the collec-
tion of taxes or duties imposed upon any person or lor
which any person may bo liable by this act, and com-
mitted to him for collection, seize and sell the iands
of such person situated in any other collection dis-
trict within the State in which said offieer resides;
and his proceedings in relation thereto shall havethe
same effect as if the same were had in his proper col-
lection district. And the owners, their heirs, execu-
tors, or administrators, or any person having an inter-
est therein or a lien thereon, or any person on their
behalf, bhall have liberty to redeem the laud sold as
aforrsaid,within oneyoar from and afierreeording tho
