1806.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3565
selections to be made from surveyed lands, and
within the same land district as the section for
which the selection is made.
The seventh section provides that where per-
sons in good faith, and for a valuable consider-
ation, have purchased lands of Mexican grant-
ees or assigns, which grants have subsequently-
been rejected, or where the lands so purchased
have been excluded from the final survey of any
Mexican grant, and have used, improved, and
continued in the actual possession of the same
conterminous proprietors according to lines
of their original puicliase, and where no valid
adverse right or title (except of the United
States) exists, such purchasers may purchase
the same, after having such lands surveyed
under existing laws, at the minimum price es-
tablished by law, upon first making proof of
the facts as required in this section, under reg-
ulations to be provided by the Commissioner
of the General Land Office. But whenever it
shall be made to appear by petition of the oc-
cupants of such land that injury to permanent
improvements would result from running the
lines of the public surveys through such per-
manent improvements, the Commissioner of
the General Land Office may recognize the
existing lines of the subdivision.
The eighth section proposes to enact that in
all cases where a claim to land by virtue of a
right or title derived from the Spanish or Mex-
ican authorities has been finally confirmed,
and a survey and plat thereof shall not have
been made, as provided by sections six and
seven of the act of July 1, 1864, "to expedite
the settlement of titles to lands in the State
of California," and in all cases where a like
claim shall hereafter be finally confirmed, and
a survey and plat thereof shall not bo made as
provided by said sections within six months
alter such final confirmation, it shall be the
duty of the surveyor general of the United
Slates for California, as'soon as practicable
after the passage of this act, or such final con-
firmation, to cause the lines of the public, sur-
veys to be extended over such land; and he
shall set off, in full satisfaction of such grant,
and according to the lines of tlie public sur-
veys. the quantity of land confirmed in such
final decree, and as nearly as can be done in
accordance with such decree; and all the land
not included in such grant as so set off shall
be subject to the general land laws of the Uni-
ted States.
It is provided in the ninth section that from
the decrees of Hie district courts of the United
States for the district of California, approving
or correcting the surveys of private land claims
under Spanish or Mexican grants, rendered
after the 1st day of July, I860, an apjjcal shall
bo allowed for the period of one year after the
entry of such decrees to the circuit court of
the United States for California, as provided
by section three of the act of July 1, 18G4, to
expedite the settlement of titles to land in the
State of California; and the decision of the
circuit court shall be final.
ilr. J ULIAN. Mr. Speaker, before proceed-
ing to discuss this bill, I desire to make a propo-
sition to the House, aud my subsequent action
will be determined by the vote upon that propo-
sition. This is a bill to quiet titles in Califor-
nia. It lias been passed by the Senate and re-
ported favorably by the Committee 011 Public
Lands of the House. Since the report of the
bill, I have received letters and dispatches from
intelligent and prominent gentlemen in Califor-
nia, begging me not to press action upon the
bill at this session. If we enter upon its dis-
cussion at, the present time, it will consume
whole davs of the most valuable time of the
ses-uon; for I find upon the one side and the
oilier gentlemen who are desirous to debate it;
a id I mean to allow the fullest range of debate,
the subject being an important one. In view
of the late period of the session, and in view,
also, of fresh information I have received, I
propose to submit a motion to postpone the
further consideration of the question until next
December. If the House should vote down
this motion, I shall endeavor to proceed in reg-
ular order with the consideration of the bill and
the amendments.
Mr. McRUER. I hope that the chairman of
the Committee on Public Lands [Mr. Julian*]
will allowthe dispatches and letter?of which he
speaks to be read to the House. I would like
to seethe character of the letters and dispatches
which " intelligent gentlemen of California"
have sent here. This is a matter in which wo
feel the deepest interest. More than ten thou-
sand of our citizens are now holding the titles
to their land by an uncertain tenure. Every
week's delay adds to the vexation, confusion,
and litigation experienced by citizens there.
This bill is a measure of deeper concern to the
California delegation than all other measures
in which they are interested. The delegation
has for the last seven months been assiduously
at work to perfect this bill. We have now ma-
tured a bill to which there can be no well-founded
opposition. It meets with the approval of the
Land Office here. It receives the united ap-
probation of the whole California delegation.
It is asked for by tlie Legislature of California.
It is asked for by numerous individuals through-
out the State, who are now suffering in conse-
quence of these vexed questions, which have
existed for years between the State of Califor-
nia and the Land department here.
Now, sir, we claim, as a right, that this
measure shall be considered by the House at
the present time. If the gentleman from In-
diana has received from California any valua-
ble information which will warrant the House
in delaying this matter I want to bear it; for
this question has been discussed almost every
day for the last six months in every newspaper
in California. The question has been consid-
ered and acted upon by the Legislature of that
State. I know that a bill to settle these titles
will meet with the approbation of nine hun-
dred and ninety-nine out of ever}' tliousaud
honest men in the State. It is a maltei of
deep interest to every citizen of California who
has the welfare of the State at heart. I trust,
therefore, that this bill will now be considered
by the House. It will not necessarily consume
much time. As for myself, I can say all that
I want to say in ten or fifteen minutes. The
previous question, with our consent, may be
called before the morning hour expires.
Mr. JULIA.NT. In answer to the gentle-
man's call for information, I send to the
Clerk's desk a dispatch which I have received.
The Clerk read as follows :
Sax Francisco, June 29,1SGG.
Geokoe AY. Julian,
Chairman Committee on Public Lands:
Do not rcpoit California bill until you hear from
mo next mail. I will show its enormous injustice.
Refer to California delegation for character. An-
swer. JAMES p. SKABltlSia,
Attorney jor ei'jld hundred settle)"*.
Mr. JULIAN. The gentleman who sends
that dispatch states that he represents eight
hundred settlers on the land in California ; and
he refers me to the California delegation for
his character. I have referred to one member
of that delegation, who indorses him as a gen-
tleman of intelligence and worth. 1 now send
to the Clerk's desk, to he read, an article on
this question from a leading California news-
paper, the American Flag, which is repre-
sented to me by intelligent Californians as a
respectable and influential newspaper of that
State.
The Cleric read as follows:
" a j3ill to quilt L.ixn Titles.—On the 19th of
March lu-t, Senator CoxNrss introduced a bill into
the United Slates Senate entitled 'A bill to nuict
land titles in the State of California,' which was
road twice, referred to the Committee 011 Public
Lands, and ordered lo bo primed. Mr. IlKXDmoKS
loported the bill with an amendment, on the 120tlx
of'April following, making many material altera-
tions, 'which bill is now before Congress. The origi-
nal obiect of the bill was no doubt good, andde-
signed to settle many vexed and doubtful questions
affecting land titles in this State.
"The first section provides that the claims, loca-
tions, and sales of land made by the State of Cali-
fornia anterior to the passage of this act pursuant
to the legislative enactments of the live hundred
thousand acres oi land donated by the Government
for the purpose of internal improvements, and other
land devoted to the purposes of education, and swamp
and overflowed lands shall he confirmed; but there
are several exceptions which are particularly speci-
fied. One is where a person lias become entitled to
a preemption under the laws of the United States
by reason of having gettlod upon any legal subdi-
vision of such lands. And further, the act does not
confirm any location of lands made under State au-
thority within the limits of any town or city which
was incorporated at the time, or within the county
of San lYancisco.
" It is provided by another section that in ease
persons have purchased lands of Mexican grantees,
in good faith, which have since been rejected, and
have improved the same and been in the actual
possession thereof, may purchase where there is"no
adverse title except that of the Government.
"There is one section of the bill proposed as part
of the amendment which "seems to bo objectionable
and calculated to work great injustice to thousands
of bona i'ule settlers upon the public domain. It is
section two of the proposed amendment, which de-
clares that in all cases contemplated by the first sec-
tion of the act which are in conflict with preemption
or other settlement claims an exemption shall bo
held belore a commission, to determine whether thoso
claiming under the State selections or the preemp-
tion or other settlers have the prior right of settle-
ment, and the fact of priority must govern the decis-
ion of the controversy.
"A largo numbor of claims to valuable lands aro
held by speculators, under the selections made by
the State before she had any authoiity to do so, hut
the selections by the authority of the State were made
before the locations by the actus! lt>,m fide settlers,
and who, supposing their titles good, havemade val-
uable and permanent improvements upon such laiuN.
These honest settlers will be deprived of nil their
improvements without any compensation whatever
bv these remorseless speculators and land shaiks,
who claim under the selections made by the State, if
tins provision of the bill is not modified.
"Itistobc hoped that our delegates to Congress
will see that before this act becomes a law, the proper
changes are made, so as to protect the rights and
interests of the settlers as well as the speculators."
Mr. IIIGBY. I wish to ask the gentleman
a question. Does he propose to try the Cali-
fornia delegation before this House?
Mr. JULIAN. I will answer the gentleman.
I referred to some matter I liad recently re-
ceived affecting this question, and the gentle-
man's colleague asked if I had such matter to
produce it. I am now doing so in accordance
with that request.
Mr. IIIGBY. I ask the gentleman another
question, whether, before my colleague made
that request, he did not intimate to the Ilouoe
he would move to postpone the further consid-
eration of this bill.
Mr. JULIAN. I stated to several gentlemen
upon the iloor that I meant to submit a motion
to postpone, and if the House voted it down, i
then intended to proceed with the considera-
tion of the question.
Mr. HIGBY. I ask another question, whether
tlie Committee on Public Lands did not accept
the bill as it camc from the Senate, with the
exception of the amendments they proposed.
I ask whether it was not reported back to the
House with those two amendments.
Mr. JULIAN. The committee reported
several amendments to the bill; and the gen-
tleman's colleague has seveial amendments
which I agreed lie should have an opportunity
to offer.
1 now ask the Clerk to read the letter I send
up to him.
Mr. BIDWELL. I desire to ask whether
that letter has a name attached to it.
Mr. JULIAN. It was written to me as a
private letter, conveying to me no authority to
give the name of the writer. I have shown the
letter to several respectable Californians and
they say the writer is a gentleman whose word
ought to be received. For this reason I have
a«ked to have it read. I now ask that the let-
ter be read.
The SPEAKER. But limited debate is
allowed on the motion to postpone.
Mr. IIIGBY. I object to the reading of the
letter unless the name be given.
The SPEAKER. The postponement does
not open the merits of the bill. Barclay's Di-
gest, page 107, declares that postponement
admits of but very limited debate.
Mr. McRUEIt. I desire to say in reference
to the extract from tlie California paper which
has beeu read, that it does not apply to the bill
under consideiafion. The bill to wdnch it re-
fers contains different provisions. If this bill
has any fault it is in protecting settlers in Cal-
ifornia, recognizing preemption claim,.
