1866.}
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
165
39th Cong.... 1st Sess. The Public Debt and Specie Payments—Mr. Garfield.
Ho. of Reps.
thirty bonds for which the Government may
issue five-twenty bonds?
Mr. GARFIELD. My colleague is correct.
Most of the seven-thirty bonds are included in
this amount, but they must be redeemed in
money or five-twenty bonds, at the holder's op-
tion. The Secretary has no power to compel
such an exchange.
As I have already stated, there will be pre-
sented for payment in some form before the
assembling of the Fortieth Congress $1,201,-
000,000, in addition to the ordinary expenditures
of the Government. How are these demands to
be met? With what power is the Secretary of
the Treasury clothed to enable him to meet this
enormous obligation?
There are two clauses in the existing laws
which give him some power.
The first and chief is to be found in the last
clause of the first section, of the act of the 3d
of March, 1865, which has been so ably discussed
by my colleague on the committee, [Mr. Alli-
son.] He hasshownus—and no man, I believe,
will venture to deny the correctness of the posi-
tion—that the clause gives the Secretary of the
Treasury power merely to exchange one kind
of paper for another, but only with'the consent
of the holder. If the holder says, " I will not
take your long bonds, I demand my money,"
his money ho must have. Tf, when the seven-
thirty bond is due, the state of the market
makes money more valuable than a six per
cent, bond for twenty years, the holder will of
course demand money. He will of course take
the option most profitable to himself and least
advantageous to the Government.
The other clause that gives the Secretary
power is in the act of June 30, 1864. The
second section of that act allows the Secretary
of the Treasury to take up the various kinds
of paper representing indebtedness and issue
therefor compound-interest notes or seven-
thirty bonds. These two descriptions of paper
are of all others the most expensive for the
Government to issue.
I say, then, concerning this power, it is one
that the Secretary ought not to use. It would
be a calamity should he - be compelled to use
it. It would be a calamity, in the first place,
were he compelled to issue in exchange for
maturing indebtedness these compound-interest
notes, for they are the most costly paper the
Government can issue to its creditors—notes
that are payable in three years with interest
compounded every six months. It is enough
to break the financial strength of any nation.
Again, by the provisions of this act the Sec-
retary may issue seven-thirty bonds in exchange
for matured indebtedness. They are short
bonds. They now fill the market more than
any others, and will be maturing after about
twelve months. If we pay these out it will be
only for the purpose of taking up others of the
same kind. Even this can be done only at the
option of the holder.
I say, therefore, that the Secretary is sub-
stantially limited in his power to these two
clauses of the law; one that he ought not to
use and cannot use without great disadvantage
to the public credit, and the other that he can
use only for the purpose of an even exchange,
and that, too, by the consent of the holders.
Therefore he has but little valuable power or
discretion in funding the national debt. If
Congress gives him no more power the Treas-
ury will be at the mercy of the public creditors,
who may combine to control the stock market
and compel the Secretary to sacrifice the pub-
lic credit to the gamblers of Wall street.
I hold it demonstrable that if you leave the
Secretary of the Treasury where he is you aban-
don him to the mercy of the holders of the pub-
lic securities, who, if they please, can utterly
break him down and send the paper of the
Government to protest.
Under these circumstances it was the duty
of the Committee of Ways and Means to in-
quire what further power was necessary to en-
able the Secretary to meet these obligations as
they mature, and put the debt into the form
of long bonds at a lower rate of interest than
we now pay. The committee believe that the
bill now before the House gives the Secretary
no more power than is needful for the accom-
plishment of the work beforfe him. With that
power the Secretary believes he can do the
work. Without it he cannot.
If the plan now proposed be not adopted it
is incumbent upon this House to offer one that
will accomplish the work. It is not enough
that gentlemen are able to point out defects in
this bill and rai?e objections to it; but it is
incumbent upon them to show us a plan which
will accomplish the desired result and not be
liable to equally grave objections.
Now, sir, what has been proposed as a sub-
stitute for this bill ? The distinguished gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] has
offered a substitute. I hope no one misunder-
stands his purpose. He is not only opposed
to the pending bill, but he is unwilling to give
the Secretary any additional power. He is not
only unwilling to give the Secretary additional
power, but he desires to take away much of
the power already granted. His substitute
consists of the committee's bill with every
vital provision cut out, and the following dis-
abling section added:
Sec. 2. That all laws or parts oflaws which author-
ize the Secretary of the Treasury to fund or withdraw
from circulation any United States legal-tender notes
not bearing interest be. and the same are hereby,
repealed.
If his substitute shall become a law, I desire
it to be remembered that the House must take
the responsibility of the disastrous results which
must inevitably follow.
I have undertaken to state the first great
duty which rests upon the Secretary of the
Treasury, namely, to meet the maturing in-
debtedness of the Government. I will now
state the second.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. Before the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] proceeds to the
next branch of the subject, I would like to ask
him a single question.
Mr. GARFIELD. Certainly.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I would like to have
the gentleman state what is the necessity of re-
tiring the greenback currency of the country
and meeting these obligations of the Govern-
ment, of which he has been speaking. Admit-
ting his entire theory in regard to the bonds,
and the seven-thirty and legal-tender notes,
what is the necessity of diminishing the green-
back circulation of the country at this time ?
Mr. GARBTELD. That is a part of my
second point, and I will cheerfully discuss it.
Before leaving the first point, however, let me
say that the committee have not been willing
to leave the Secretary merely the barren power
of exchanging one form of paper for another,
bond for bond, dollar for dollar, and that only
at the option of the holder. It is proposed in
this bill that he be permitted to put a loan on
the market, to sell bonds for money, and with
that money redeem the old bonds as they ma-
ture. Even if we had no desire to limit the
volume of paper currency it would be neces-
sary to give him this power for the purpose of
funding the debt.
But I hasten to the consideration of the cur-
rency. I call attention to the fact that Con-
gress has established a policy, which is now
nearly four years old, in reference to the circu-
lating medium of the country. Five years ago
there were in the United States over sixteen
hundred banks, based on any and every kind
of security, and issuing currency in whatever
amounts were authorized by the laws of the
various States.
The notes of one bank were based on real
estate; of another, on State stock; of another,
on United States stock. Each had its peculiar
basis, its peculiar kind of currency, and regu-
lated the amount of its circulation according to
its own rules and opinions. Sixteen hundred
independent corporations were tinkering at the
currency. The result was that a paper dollar
in Ohio, though worth one hundred cents in
gold at home, would pass for only ninety or
ninety-five cents in Massachusetts or Califor-
nia. A Massachusetts dollar would fare equally
hard in California. A paper dollar was worth
its face in gold in only the immediate locality
of its issue.
During the progress of the war against the
rebellion, there was adopted a system of na-
tional banks based on a uniform security—the
bonds of the United States—so that a paper
dollar issued in Ohio is worth no less when it
reaches Massachusetts. It was not, however,
thought prudent by the Thirty-Seventh and
Thirty-Eighth Congresses to make the United
States Government a banker for the people, with
arbitrary power to regulate the currency as it
pleased. It was thought to be dangerous to
repeat the history of the United States Bank
of thirty years ago; and therefore it was re-
solved that the national bank system based on
the bonds of the United States and regulated
by the necessities of trade should be the estab-
lished policy of the Government. The green-
back currency was issued only as a war meas-
ure, to last during the necessities of the war,
then to be withdrawn, and give place to the
national bank system.
The war is now ended; and unless we mean
to abolish the national bank system and make
the Government itself a permanent banker, we
must retire from the banking business and give
place to the system already adopted. Unless
gentlemen here are now ready to abandon en-
tirely the national bank system, they must con-
sent that ultimately the greenback circulation
shall be withdrawn, and that the notes of the
national banks shall furnish a paper currency
which, together with gold, shall constitute the
circulating medium of the country. The com-
mittee have proceeded on the belief that the
national bank system is to be the permanent
system of this country, and that the greenback
circulation was only incidental to the necessi-
ties of war, and that with the removal of these
necessities it was to be withdrawn.
Shall we return to specie payments: and if
so, when and how? The President, in his late
annual message, has expressed clearly and de- .
terminedly the purpose of the executive depart-
ment of the Government to return at the earli-
est practicable moment to the solid basis of
gold and silver. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury in his report sets forth, with very great
clearness and ability, the importance of an early
return to specie payments. And this House,
on the 18th of December last, with but six dis-
senting votes, not only declared itself in favor
of returning as speedily as practicable to a
specie basis, but also declared that the currency
must be contracted as a means of resumption.
Now, how shall this be accomplished? By
what lever can the financial machinery be so
moved as to effect the object so much desired
by every department of the Government? I
answer that the only lever in our hands strong
enough to reach every difficulty and overcome
every obstacle is the greenback and fractional
currency. In the first place they add $450,-
000.000 to the volume of the currency. In the
second place, they underlie the national bank
system and constitute the reserves required by
law.
It has been said during this debate that the
circulation is not redundant; that we have now
no more paper money than the business of the
country requires ; that the rate of interest is
high, the money market stringent, and prices
greatly advanced. I hold it demonstrable that
our redundant currency is the chief cause of the
high prices and the stringent money market.
I know that figures are not always the best
index of the financial situation. If they were,
I might show that less than three hundred mil-
lion dollars furnished the circulation of this
