2606
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
if the proceedings of fcheofficer as set forth have been
substantially in pursuance of the provisions of this
a.ct, shall he considered and operate as a conveyance
to tho purchaser of all the rights in law or equity
which the delinquent tax-payer had in tho premises
at tho time tho hen of the United States attached to
said estate. The surplus, if any, arising from such
sale shall be disposed ot as provided m this act lor
like cases arising upon sales of personal property.
And any person whose estate may be seized for taxes,
as aforesaid, shallhavethesamerighttopayortender
the amount due, with all proper charges thereon,
Erior to the sale thereof, and thereupon to relieve
is said estate from sale as aloresaid, as is provided
in this act for personal property similarly situated.
And any collector or deputy collector may, for the
collection of taxes or duties imposed upon any per-
son or for which any person may be liable by this act,
and committed to him tor collection, seize and sell
tho lands of such person situated in any other col-
lection district within the State in which said officer
resides; and his proceedings in relation thereto shall
have the same effect as if the same were had m his
proper collection district. And tho owners, their
heirs, executors, or administrator, or any person
having an interest therein or a lien thereon, or any
person on their behalf, shall have liberty to redeem
the land sold as aforesaid, withm one year from and
after recording the said deed, upon payment to the
purchaser, or, in case he cannot be found in the
county where the lands are situate, to tho collector,
for the use of the purchaser, his heirs or assigns, of
the amount paid by the purchaser, with interest on
the same at tho rate of ten pei cent, per annum.
And insert in lieu thereof the following:
If the amount bid shall be then and there paid, the
officer shall give his receipt therefor, if requested, and
within five days thereafter he shall make out, execute,
acknowledge, and deliver to the purchaser on request
a certificate reciting the seizure and sale of said prop-
erty, the cause thereof, the amount of the tax or duty
and all costs for which said sale was made, and of all
his acts and doings in relation thereto, and the amount
paid by the purchaser. The acknowledgment shall
be made before an officer of and in the form required
by tho laws of the State or Territoryin which the real
estate sold is situate, and when said certilicato is filed
in the office of the receiver of land titles in the county
in which the real estate told is situate, it shall impart
notico to all parties in anywise interested in said real
estate from and after the seizure of the same by said
ofiieor. Any person having any interest in or any
lien on said real estate or any part thereof, or any
person in their behalf, may redeem said real estate
within one year from the datoof the tiling ot tho cer-
tificate of the sale thereof as aforesaid upon the pay-
ment to thoeoHector of the district in which said r*al
estate is situate for the use of said purchaser, his heirs
or usMgn->, of the amount paid by the purchaser, with
r.iteie-t on the same at the rate of ten per cent, per
annum, and on the payment of the same to the col-
lector ho shall give to the person making thepayment
a ceitifioatc referring to the sale of said ical estate by
said collector, and ot tho certificate thereof delivered
by him to the purchaser, giving the date thereof and
describing tucreal c^tatesold and certifying that said
real estate had been redeemed bytho payment ot the
amount of said sale, the penalty therc-on, and all costs
and ehai ges on account thereof, and by whom and on
whote behalf the same was made. If said real estate
is not redeemed as a foresaid before the expiration of
one year from the time of the filing for record of said
certificate of sale as hereinbefore provided, the col-
lector of tho district in which the real estate is situate,
ori the production of the certificate of sale with the cer-
tificate of the recorder of land titles for the county in
which the land is situate indorsed thereon or annexed
thereto, shall, if it appear that one year has elapsed
since the filing for record of said certificate of sale,
make, execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the pur-
chaser, his henv or assigns, a deed for said l eal <.  tate,
reciting the seizure and sale of said real estate, the
cause theieof, tho amount of the tax or duty and all
costs for whn-h thesale was made, and all his acts and
doings in relation thereto, tho amount paid by the
purchaser, the execution of a certificate of sale, and
the time the same wa* filed for record with the re-
corder of land titles of the county in which the real
estate is situate as appears by the recorder's certifi-
cate indorsed thereon and convoying to the grantee
said real estate, and said deed shall operate as acou-
voyanco to the grantee therein all the right, title,
estate, and interest in law or equity which the delin-
quent had in the premises at the time the lien of the
United Suites attached to said estate, and said deed
and all recitals therein shall ha prima facie evidence
ol tuc facts therein contained. Any surplus money
arising lrom suchsaleshall be disposed of as provided
m tins act for like cases aiising upon sales of peisonal
property.
Mr. LOAN. Mr. Chairman, as this section
now stands no proper provision is made for
giwng due notice of proceedings by recording
thude papers. ^ The section does not provide
in any way for securing the rights of third
parties. It seems to me judicious that the
defeasible title should depend upon the cer-
tificate duly recorded with the land titles of
the proper county, and that if the party inter-
ested should fail to redeem the property sold
within the time limited in the act, then the
collector shall proceed to make a deed and
convey the absolute title. That is the object
which I think will be obtained by the amend-
ment.
Mr. MORRILL. Practically this section is
perhaps of less importance than any other in
the whole law. I am not aware that it has
been required in a single instance thus far in
the execution of the law throughout the whole
United States. I do not suppose that this sec-
tion will be called into operation for five years
to come. The committee have, therefore, pro-
posed but few amendments and those chiefly
verbal.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I perceive there is a
disposition to make this section entirely ineffect-
ual. If many more amendments should be
ingrafted upon it, T should be quite willing that
the whole section should be stricken out. I
hope, however, that no further amendment will
be adopted unless the Committee of Ways and
Means on consideration should conclude to
offer the substitute presented by the gentleman
from Missouri, [Mr. Benjamin,] which seems
to have been carefully prepared, and which
will be printed^ so that we may compare it with
the section as it stands.
Mr. LOxVN. 1 would suggest that the par-
agraph be passed over until that proposed sub-
stitute be printed, and then let this be acted
on at the same time.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I think that my colleague
will find that the substitute I propose covers
the point embraced in his amendment.
Mr. LOAN. Then 1 have no objection to a
■vote being taken on this proposition now.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. "WMGHT. I move to amend by insert-
ing after the word " again," m line hve hun-
dred and eighty-four, the words ''advertise
and," and inserting after the word " manner"
in the next line the words "as hereinbefore
provided;" so that the clause will read as fol-
lows :
If the amount bid shall not be then and there paid,
the officer shall forthwith proceed to again advertise
and sell said estate in the same manner as herein-
before provided.
Mr. MORRILL. I see no objection to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the next paragraph, as fol-
lows:
That section forty-one be amended by striking out
all after the enacting clause, and insciting in lieu
thereof the following: that it shall be the duty of
tho collectors aforesaid, or their deputies, in their
respective districts, and they are hereby authorized
to collect all tho duties and taxes imposed by this act,
however the same may be designated, and to profc-
cuto for the recovery of any sum or sums which may
be forfeited" by virtue of this act; and all fines, pen-
alties, and forfeitures which may be incurred or im-
posed by virtue of this act, shall be sued for and
recovered, in the name of the United States, in any
proper form or action, or by any appropriate form of
proceeding, qui torn, or otherwise, before any circuit
or district court of the United States for the district
within which said fine, penalty, or forfeiture may
have bfpen incurred, or before any other court of com-
petent jurisdiction. And taxes or duties maybesued
for and recovered in any proper form of action before
any circuit or district court of the United States for
the district within which the liability to such tax may
have been or shall be incurred, or where the party
from whom such tax is due may reside at the time of
the commencement of said action. But no such suit
shall be commenced unless the Commissioner of In-
ternal .Revenue shall authorize or sanction the pro-
ceedings : Provided, That in case of any suit for pen-
alties or forfeitures bi ought upon information received
from any person, other than a collector, deputy col-
lector, assessor, assistant assessor, or inspector of
internal revenue, the United States shall not be sub-
ject to any costs of suit, nor shall the fees of any
attorney or counsel employed by any sueh officer bo
allowed m tho settlement of his account, unless the
employment of such attorney or counsel shall bo au-
thorized by tho Commissioner of Internal Ptcvenue,
either express or by general regulations.
Mr. HOLMES. I move, on page 87, to
strike out the following words:
Provided, That in case of any suit for penalties or
forfeitures brought upon information received from
any person, other than a collector, deputy collector,
assessor, assistant assessor, or inspector of internal
revenue, the United States shall not bo subject to
any costs of suits.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope that motion will
not prevail. The gentleman will see that it is
provided the fees of any attorney or counsel
employed by any such officer shall not be al-
lowed in the settlement of his account unless
the employment of such attorney or counsel
shall be authorized by the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, either express or by general
regulations.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to amend in line
six hundred and ninety, so that it will read
u expressly or."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move the following
amendment:
Page 37, after lino six hundred and eighty-nine,
inseit:
That section forty-four be amended by striking out
all after the enacting clauso and inserting in lieu
thereof the following: that the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue, subject to regulations prescribed by
the Secretary of the Treasury, shall be, and is hereby,
authorized, on appeal to him made, to remit, refund,
andpaybaekallcluties erroneously or illegally assessed
or collected, and all duties that shall appear to bo un-
justly assessed or excessive in amount, or in any man-
ner wrongfully collected, and also repay to collectors
or deputy collectors the full amount of such sums of
money as shall or may be recovered against them or
any of them in any court, for any internal duties or
licenses collected by them, withthccostsandcxpenscs
of suit, and all damages and costs recovered against
assessors, assistant assessors, collectors, deputy col-
lectors, and inspectors, in any suit which shall be
brought against them or any of them by reason of
anything that shall or may be done in the due per-
formance of their official duties; and all judgments
and moneys recovered or received for taxes, costs,
forfeitures, and penalties shall be paid to the col-
lector as internal duties are required to be paid:
Provided, That where a second assessment may have
been made in ease of a list, statement, or return which
in the opinion of the assessor or assistant assessor
was false or fraudulent, or contained any understate-
ment or undervaluation, such assessment shall not
be remitted, nor shall taxes or duties collected under
such assessment be recovered, refunded, or paid back
unless said list, statement, or return was not false or
fraudulent, and did not contain any understatement
or undervaluation.
Mr. Speaker, the forty-fourth section of the
law as it now stands provides for refunding all
the taxes in cases where there have been wrong
assessments. That is perfectly proper, but
there has been a ruling in the northern district
of New York that in cases of fraudulent lists
returned under the exact terms of the law the
money may be refunded. This amendment
has been moved at the request of the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. It provides that
the section which relates to refunding shall not
apply to persons who have had additional as-
sessments in consequence of fraudulent returns.
It is to correct that new ease which seems to
have arisen in the administration of the law.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WEIGHT. Provision is made as to the
method in which suits shall be biouglit in the
district and circuit courts. I move to inseit
these words :
And in all such casus the defendant shall be enti-
tled to a trial by jury.
Mr. ALLISON. I do not know that I fully
comprehend what-the gentleman from New
Jersey proposes. If these eases arc to be tried
by the courts undoubtedly either party may he
entitled to a .jury. If they are not to be tried
by a court there is no tribunal to summon a
jury. I do not think this amendment ought
to be adopted.
The amendment was rejected.
The Clerk read the next paragraph, as fol-
lows :
That section forty-eight he amended by striking
out all after tho enacting clause and inserting tho
folio-wins: that all goods, wares, merchandise, arti-
cles, or objects on which taxes aro imposed by the
provisions of law, which shall be found in the posses-
sion, or custody, or within tho control of any person
or persons, for the purpose of being sold or removed
by such person or persons in fraud ot the internal
revenue laws, or with design to avoid payment of
said taxes, may be seized by any collector or deputy
collector who shaH have reason to believe that the
same aro possessed, had, or held for tho purpose or
design aforesaid, and tho same shall be forfeited to
the United htates: and also all articles of raw mate-
rials found m tho possession of any person or persons
intending to manufacturo the same into articles of
a kind subject to tax or duty under this act, for the
purposeof selling such manufactured articles in fraud
°i Jaws, or with design to evade the payment
ox said tax or duty; and also all tools, implements,
instruments, and personal property whatsoever, in
theplaco or bui!dmcr,or within anvyard or inclosuro
when Mu-h articles on which tuxes are imposed,
aforesaid, and in tended to bo used by them in tho fraud-
ulent manufacture ot such raw materials, shall ho
found, may also be seized by any collector or deputy
collector, as aforesaid, and the same shall be forfeited
