582
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
tonnage. Some gentlemen here propose to wait
for the increase of oar tonnage until the ship-
builders of Maine and New Hampshire, and
other States on the Atlantic sea-board, can build
lis vessels. The gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Pike] has said that in Nova Scotia vessels can
be built at a cost of forty dollars to the ton,
while in Maine their construction costs $100 to
the ton. Therefore, it is urged, we cannot com-
pete with foreign ship-builders.
Now, I do not propose to give the men in
the Atlantic cities sixty dollars on the hundred
more, when we can gat, without paying out our
money all over the country, increased service
for the country by simply reregistering the ves-
sels which we could not protect.
Mr. PIKE. Will the gentleman allow me to
interrupt him?
Mr. GARFIELD. Yes, sir.
Mr. PIKE. Will the gentleman tell me what
difference it makes to the shipper in New York
whether he imports his goods in British bottoms
or in American bottoms? What difference is
there in insurance? And will he tell me fur-
ther, whether it is not a fact that of the goods
imported more than seventy-five per cent, does
not come in British bottoms?
Mr. GARFIELD. I will answer the gentle-
man with one general fact, namely, that for
some reason deemed good by the owners of those
vessels which have been registered under for-
eign flags they desire to come back. That is
proved. If it is for the advantage of the ships
to come back for business they will come back.
Mr. PIKE. The gentleman speaks not of
ship builders but of merchants. He says that
merchants would fori hwith have to pay enhanced
prices for vessels. I ask him whether he can-
not employ British ships on precisely the same
terms to import his goods as American ships?
Lot him answer that question.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Speaker, we are talk-
ing now of shipping, and not of the interests of
merchants in New York. We arc talking of our
general power to export and import goods ; and
now, when it has proved that a part of our ton-
age has gone during the war, wo are asked to
k'eep it out in order that the ship-buihlers of
this country may have the job of Idling the
vacuum. 1 propose we shall fill that vacuum
by the most expeditions method in our power.
[ call this House to witness that at the last
session ( declared, asldcclarc now, myself for-
ever opposed t o all monopolies, whether of rail-
roads, ship-builders, or of any oilier association
which proposes to cripple the commerce, whether
among the States or upon the high seas, of the
Republic of the United States. 1 look on this
as one ol" those monopolies, and lam surprised
ray able and distinguished friend from Illinois,
[Mr. Wasup.urne.J from the Galena district,
should vote in any other way than against this
measure, he luing so strong an anti-monopoly
man as he has so olien avowed himself to be on
this floor. I do not ca>-e what political company
it puis me in ; 1 do not e,u e who associates with
me; ) shall associate with every man who puis
his foot down upon these monopolies, as 1 de-
clare this to be.
j now yield lo my colleague. [Mr. Spat.bixo,]
as I promised to do : but 1 will hold the floor
to call the previous question, as f have prom-
ised the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Eliot] to do.
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Speaker, I do not
believe the merits of this question are fairly
understood by the House : and it will be my
- purpose in a very short space of time to put
them in possession of the facts.
This bill, entitled "An act farther to regulate
the registration of vessels," is one of two thing-.:
it is a bill either of pains and penalties, that is,
a bill intended to punish American citizens who
were ship-owners, and who during the rebellion
risked their ships on the ocean under license
derived from some foreign Power, or else it is
a premium to that class of our country which
lias most to do with building ships. It is one
of the two. and gentlemen cannot evade it.
They must either determine to punish these
ship-owners under foreign licenses to protect
them from rebel cruisers, orelsothis is intended
as a gratuity to the ship-building interest of out-
country. I object to it on either ground. It
is unfair, unjust; it is not honest legislation
for the whole country.
Why, so far as regards the first proposition,
it being designed to punish our citizens who
ran their vessels under a license, I appeal to
history to answer if we had a vessel on the
ocean during the war of 1812 with Great Brit-
ain unless that vessel had the license of the
French or some other foreign Government.
And who in those days ever undertook to say
that the vessel should be confiscated by the
American Government, or its owners and nav-
igators punished because they tried that scheme
of rescuing their property from the depreda-
tions of the enemy? Nobody, no man in the
world.
Well now, what is the pretense here? That
disloyal citizens owned and run these vessels
that were protected from the ravages of the
enemy by some license under Great Britain or
Franco, or some other naval Power. Were they
disloyal? The bill does not say it. For aught
we know the most loyal citizens we have in the
country resorted to this means of running their
ships in safety across the perilous ocean. The
question might arise whether that did afford
them protection. And those that were rescued
from the perils which environed them, and are
now ready to contribute to the benefit of Amer-
ican commerce, are to be turned backward by
the effect of this bill and told that they are no
longer lo be regarded as American ships. That
is it. They were built in America, they were
owned in America, and I hey were registered in
America; but because they ran on the ocean
and escaped the perils of the rebel flag they are
now to be turned backward and to be told,
i;You are not to have the privilege of an Amer-
ican register." That is one phase of the ques-
tion.
The other phase of the question is, can we
afford to exclude the vessels which now seek to
be employed under their American registers on
any account like this, even if it be to favor the
ship-building interest of the country? Why,
Mr. Speaker, our United States tonnage at the
breaking; out of the rebellion was something like
five million tons. The Secretary ofthe Treasury
says that there have been transferred to foreign
owners during the rebellion eight hundred thou-
sand f ons ; and there have been destroyed by the
piratical flag one hundred and ten thousand tons.
Now, here is the sum of nine hundred and ten
t housand tons of our commercial marine which
has gone out of our commercial list. We arc in
want, greatly in want, of vessels to do our carry-
ing trade at this moment upon the ocean. Wc
want to .increase our marine; and instead of
taking measures in Congress to increase it, as I
had hoped would be dime, we an1 excluding
such as arc already invested with American re-
gisters, because they have saved themselves
from danger of destruction on the ocean.
Nnw, I wish lo call attention to one other fact.
By the census report of 18(>0 I find that the
annual value of products of ship-building in the
United States iu that year was £01,007,001. On
turning to the census report of Maine and Mas-
sachusetts I find the annual value of the prod-
ucts of ship-building of Maine in 1860 was
§1,137,814, and of Massachusetts $1,078,005.
Thus the two States of Maine and Massachu-
: setts have one fourth part of the products of
| all the ship-building interest of the United
; States.
j Now, those States have lost nothing of their
i interest since the year 1800. It is rather on
: the increase, and now they are in a condition
, to take advantage of a bill like this proffered by
| the gentleman fiom Massachusetts. They have
j their ships in the course of construction if not
: already con.-trncted. and they are ready to enter
: the market foi the high rates which must neces-
| sarily follow the contraction of our commercial
! marine by the passage of a bill like this. I con-
tend that it is the height of folly for an Amer-
j ican Congress at this time, when we have a
I surplus of products to be sent abroad, to cur-
tail our American shipping. The effect of such
a bill as this will undoubtedly be to put up
prices; and those of my associates from the
West who are so strenuous in denouncing all
these conspiracies or combinations to restrict
lis from the West to the Bast are interested in
opening this navigation from our seaboard to
Europe, and from one part of our coast to
another.
Mr. PIKE. I ask the gentleman to yield.
Mr. SPALDING. I do not want to be inter-
rupted at this moment by my friend from Maine.
I would say to liiiri that I understand that he,
as a ship-owner, would prefer an American reg-
ister to an English one for his ship.
• Mr. PIKE. I merely wanted to ask a ques-
tion for information.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's five min-
utes have expired.
Mr. GARFIELD. I will allow him one min-
ute further.
Mr. SPALDING. I was only about to say
that the amendment which I did contemplate
offering, and one which 1 may yet put in the
shape of a bill if this is voted down, was to leave
this whole subject to the discretion ofthe Sec-
retary of the Treasury. By my contemplated
bill I intended to provide that all vessels owned
wholly by citizens and residents of the United
States shall be entitled to American registers,
under such restrictions and limitations as the
Secretary of the Treasury shall sec fit to im-
pose. Now, if that does not open the door suf-
ficiently for pains and penalties, then I do not
know what would. I think that would be the
wisest and most advisable course for us to pur-
sue in legislating upon this subject, if we legis-
lateatall. But if we pass this bill we are ruling
out of our commercial marine ships that are
necessary to the country, and never more so
than at this lime.
Mr. GARFIELD. I now yield the floor for
ten minutes to the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Blaixe.]
Mr. BLAINE. I think it important that the
House should come back to a distinct under-
standing of the question involved in this bill,
and 1 will state it as briefly as possible. At
tRe beginning of the war, as I can show from
reliable statistics in my hand, we had twenty-
five hundred thousand tons of shipping engaged
in the foreign trade. As the war giewhot and
dangers multiplied on the ocean, eight hundred
thousand tons of this shipping took refuge under
a foi eign flag. The flag of our own nation was
hauled down, and protection was sought under
the flag of our neutral enemy, Great Britain. 1
do not question the right of the owners of this
shipping to act in this way, and many who did
so arc honorable and patriotic men. All I con-
tend is that, having made their election, they
shall abide by it. Theycscaped all the hazards
to which our flag was subjected; they gained
all the profits of their alien connection ; and for
one I am not now willing to put them on the
same ground with those ship-owners who took
all the risks of standing by the American flag
in good report and in evil report, in our dark
days as well as in our bright days. The ship-
owners who took British registers escaped the
heavy war risks to which American registers
were subjected, and now to place them on the
same footing with those who hazarded every-
thing rather than sail under a lot cign flag would
be flagrantly unjust. To contend for such a pol-
icy is as illogical and absurd as the position of
those who claimed for the southern rebels all
the advantages and immunities of belligerents
outside of the Union and citizens inside of it at
the same time. The ship-owners who changed
their registers sought the protection of Great
Britain when there was danger at home; and
now they wish, when that danger is over, to
return to our flag and share the profits that can
be derived from American registry. I think,
sir, it would be cruelly unjust for the American
Congress to permit this policy, and thus turn
their backs on those ship-owners who. under
all the seductions of profit and against all the
perils of war, refused to take refuge for a single
hour under any other flag than that which was
