166
APPENDIX TO THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 16^
Ho. of Beps.
The Public Debt and Specie Payments—Mr. Garfield.
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
country before the war, and that now we have
more than a thousand million. fneed only
refer to the horn-books of financial science to
show that the only sure test of the redundancy
of paper money is its convertibility into coin
at the will of the holder, and that its redun-
dancy will inevitably increase prices. On the
latter proposition I will read a sentence from
the highest living authority in political econ-
omy, (John Stuart Mil], Political Economy,
volume two, page 18:)
'* That an increase of tlio quantity of money raises
prices and a'diminution lowers them is the most ele-
mentary proposition in the theory of currency, and
without it we shoGld have no key to any of the others."
Mr. PRICE. I want to ask the gentleman
from Ohio whether there is anymore currency
in circulation now than six months ago. In
short, I want to know whether there is not more
currency in circulation every day of the week
and every week of the month for the last six
months. And has it not been increasing? I
want to know whether it is not equally true that
gold has been coming down steadily, certainly,
gradually, surely ; and not only that, but that
the commodities of'trade and commerce have
come down in the same ratio. Yet the cur-
rency has been increasing, strange as it may
seem. And the gentleman need not go back
to the horn-books to find out these facts. They
stare us in the face every day. It cannot be
denied that while the currency has been increas-
ing gold has been going down.
Mr. frARFiELD. A paragraph from the
Merchants' Magazine for January last will per-
fectly answer the gentleman's question. Jt is
to thiscffect: the President's message raised
Government securities at home and abroad and
depressed gold. The report of the Secretary
of the Treasury accomplished still more. The
very announcement of the policy of resump-
tion has checked gold and stock gambling and
brought down prices. That historical fact is
u complete answer to the gentleman's question.
Mr. PRICE. Does the gentleman deny the
statement I make in reference to the increase
of the volume of our currency and the decrease
in the premium on gold?
Mr. GARFIELD. I do not deny it. I have
admitted that gold is falling. I admit that our
currency has been slightly increased. But, sir,
it must be remembered that $(100,000,000 of
rebel currency collapsed and disappeared on
the day the so-called southern confederacy col-
lapsed, and thus left a vacuum into which our
currency has since been flowing.
Mr. PRICE. Do you deny in the face of the
{acts in the case that our currency has been
increasing while gold has been decreasing?
Mr. GARFIELD. I have answered the g
lleinan.
Mr. PRICE. I am sorry I cannot see the
answer.
Mr. GARFIELD. I have stated the facts in
answer to the gentleman. I am not responsi-
ble for his inability to understand them.
J call attention, because the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] has referred to it,
to the remarkable example in British history
on this subject. I have never seen a more per-
fect illustration of the truth that history repeats
itself than this debate as compared with the
debate in the Biitish Parliament during their
groat struggle for a return to specie payments,
after the war against Napoleon. From 1797
to 1819 the British people had only a paper cir-
culation, and, as is always the case, the poorer
currency drove out the better. As respectable
people leave that portion of a city in which dis-
reputable people settle, so gold retires before
an irredeemable paper currency. If our cus-
toms and the interest on our public debt had
not been made payable in coin, gold would have
disappeared from the country. In England,
when they had no gold in circulation, when
prices had risen, when rents had risen, after
stocks had fallen, Englishmen did as we have
been doing here.
; gen-
In 1810, a committee of the most able finan-
ciers and statesmen were ordered to report the
cause of high prices and the premium upon
gold, and after a laborious investigation, dur-
ing which the most distinguished men were
called in as witnesses, that most able paper,
the Bullion Report, was submitted to Parlia-
ment. In that report the principle was enun-
ciated that the only true testof the redundancy
of currency was its comparison in value with
gold; that whenever a paper dollar is not ex-
changeable for a gold dollar, it is proof that
there are too many paper dollars; and there
can be no surer test. In the report of that
committee it was laid down as a fundamental
proposition that nothing but the supreme test
of gold applied to paper will certainly determine*
the question of the redundancy. That report
was debated for many weeks, and every leading
banker, broker, importer, and manufacturer of
England opposed the bullion committee and
their proposed return to cash payments. The
measure was defeated. Gold and prices im-
mediately rose. From 1811 till 1819 there was
a steady rise in prices and stocks, and in the
year 1819 another committee of the House of
Commons was appointed to examine and report
on the financial situation of the kingdom.
Three of the members of the bullion committee
of 1810 were also on the committee of 1810. Af-
ter a most searching investigation, they reported
in favor pf resumption, and indorsed the doc-
trine of the Bullion Report.
Then it was that Sir Robert Peel distinguished
himself as the great statesman and financier of
England by declaring in the House of Com-
mons his conversion to the doctrines of the Bul-
lion Report which he had so strenuously opposed
eight years before. I have before me the records
of the great debate in which that illustrious man
lamented that the distinguished" author of the
Bullion Report of 1811 was not then alive to
aid him in that struggle and witness the triumph
of those principles so clearly set forth in 1811.
Eight years of terrible experience had de-
monstrated the truth of the Bullion Report.
"Sir," said he, "we shall never have finan-
cial security in this country until we adopt the
principles of that report;" and after a parlia-
mentary struggle, the report of which fills nearly
five hundred pages of Hansard's Debates, the
report was adopted, and its principles have ever
since_ been the acknowledged creed of Great
Britain and of all other countries whose people
have carefully studied the subject. I refer to
this, sir, as a matter of history, and I further
assert that there is no respectable authority on
the subject of finance on the other side of the
water or hero that denies the doctrine that the
only true test of redundancy of currency is its
convertibility into gold. You may bring your
figures to prove that we have no more currency
than our trade requires, but I tell you that so
long as your paper dollar cannot be converted
into gold there is too much currency, and the
moment it can be converted into gold for its
face it has reached a stable and safe basis.
Now, if any gentleman here has the temerity
to deny this doctrine I shall be pleased to hear
his reasons for it. To make his denial good he
must prove that the immutable laws of value
have been overthrown. He cannot plead that
the necessities of trade alone control the value
of currency. Double the amount of currency,
and the money market will be apparently more
stringent; triple the amount, and money will be
more stringent still. Why do you need four
times as much money now to move the prod-
ucts of the country as was needed five years
ago? Simply because the inflation of the cur-
rency has quadrupled prices, and derangefl
values.
But the worst feature in the ease is the stim-
ulus which this inflation gives to dishonesty
everywhere, and the consequent discourage-
ment of productive industry. I will not now
question the policy of the act of 1862, by
which paper money was made a legal tender.
It was perhaps a necessity of the war that could
not have been avoided. But no one will deny
that it unsettled the basis of all values in this
country. It was a declaration by law that a
promise to pay a dollar might be discharged by
paying a sum less than a dollar. There was a
time within the last two years when an obliga-
tion to pay $100 could be legally canceled by
thepaymentof thirty-eight dollars. Themani-
fold evils resulting from snch a state of values
cannot be computed. To fulfill in January the
contract of July may ruin the creditor, because
the meaning of the most important word in the
contract has been changed by the changing
market. The dollar of July may have repre-
sented forty cents, while the dollar of January
may represent double that sum.
Will prudent men embark in solid business
and risk all they possess to such uncertain
chances? There is left open the alluring temp-
tation to speculate on the rise and fall of gold
stocks and commodities, a pursuit in which all
that is gained by one is lost by another, and
no addition is made to the public wealth. And
this is the history of thousands of our business
men. They have trusted their capital to the
desperate chances of Wall street. They have
embarked on the sea of paper money, and they
ask us to keep the flood rising that they may
float. Every day adds stimulus to this insane
gambling, and depresses legitimate business
and honest labor. The tide must be checked,
and the fury of the flood restrained. We must
bring values back to the solid standard of gold.
Let that be done and the fabric of business
is founded, not on the sand, but on the firm
rock of public faith. The fury of the storm
tore us from our moorings, and left us to the
mercy of the waves. Let us pilot the good
ship again into port, so that we may once more
feel the solid earth beneath our feet.
How perfectly prices have kept pace with the
currency let the history of the last five years
show. Name any one year in which the cur-
rency has been more inflated than in the pre-
ceding, with no prospect of contraction, and
you will find prices proportionately advanced.
I hold in my hand the price-list of the last four
years, as published in the Merchants' Maga-
zine. Take, for example, the average price of
flour. In January, 1861, it was $5 35 per barrel;
in 1862 it was $5 50; in 1863, $6 05; in 1864 it-
was $7; in 1865, $10 per barrel. These prices
kept in exact proportion to the volume of the
currency. Now, in January, 1866, after the
President, the Secretary of the Treasury, and
Congress had made a decided movement toward
specie payment, and indicated our purpose to
restore the old standard of value as soon as prac-
ticable, the price of flour dropped to $8 75 per
barrel, as the average for the month. Take any
one of the sixty-three articles on this market-
list, and it will exhibit the same truth, that an
expanded currency will produce high prices.
British and French history, as well as our own,
give the same testimony on this subject. I do
not, of course, suppose that resumption will
bring us down to old prices. Heavy taxes and
the increase of gold will hold prices higher than
they were before the war.
Resumption is not so difficult a work as many
suppose. It did not take so long in England
as the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
vens] stated it did in his speech this afternoon.
In July, 1819, Parliament decreed that after
February 1, 1820, the bank should begin to
redeem in small quantities, and should in-
crease the amount at stated periods until May,
1823, when full specie payment should be made.
The bank contracted its circulation, reduced
the price of gold, and fully resumed payments
May 1, 1821, only fifteen months after the law
went into operation. I should be sorry to see
a sudden contraction of our currency and a
rapid decline in gold. It would be too great
a shock to business. If the Secretary is armed
with the requisite power he can make the move-
ment so steadily and gradually as not to dis-
