1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
floating over the armies of the Union, and which
protects us in this Capitol to-day.
I have said, sir, that many who sought these
foreign registers were high-minded, honorable,
and patriotic men. I am personally acquainted
with some of them, and it gives me pleasure to
speak of them in this way. But, sir, there is
good reason to believe that all of them were
•not of this class; that some of them were un-
patriotic and even criminal, and that, while
securely concealed behind their British regis-
ters, they were sharing in the enormous profits
derived from running our blockade, and engag-
ing, to the detriment of the Union cause, in
all the illicit commerce which the English Dag
covered during the four years of bloody war
from which we have just emerged. I think the
American Congress should be slow to allow
even one man who has acted thus to bring his
property back under the protection of our laws.
We may not be able to punish such men by
criminal prosecutions, but we certainly should
not go out of our way to show them favors and
confer benefits npon them.
But I do not put this question on the ground
of simply giving their just dues to those who
took this course with their shipping, much less
do I base my action on a feeling of " spite," as
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] has
intimated. I conceive that it involves a point
of future interest and of far-reaching import-
ance, because if we treat these ship-owners who
left our flag with the same liberality that we do
those who stood by it, we offer a sort of pre-
mium to our whole navigation interest to seek
foreign registers the moment we have a war
with any Power. And should we allow the
eight hundred thousand tons of shipping now
under discussion to come back under our flag,
you will see double or triple that amount leave
us if wc should unfortunately become engaged
in another war. I think that consideration
should have great influence on our action on
this question.
One word more, Mr. Speaker. The whole
tone of the speeches we have had from both
the gentlemen from Ohio [Mr. Spalding and
Mr. Garfield] was for free trade. They urge
that we shall buy our ships wherever we can get
them chetfpest, and that all restrictions as to
registry should be abolished. "Well, sir, if we
are prepared to reduce this free trade theory to
practice, why mjt have it in everything ? There
is no branch of American industry that is to-
day so little protected and so much oppressed
by our revenue laws as ship-building. Itislaxed
at all points, and nearly taxed to death; and 1 !
submit to these new advocates of free trade that
it would be better to begin with some interest
that is essentially protected by our laws to-day.
If we are going to have free trade, let us have
itequullj and impartially applied to all the in-
dustrial interests of the land ; but for myself I
am opposed to it altogether. In theory and in
practice, lam for protecting American industry
in all its forms, and to this end we must encour-
age American manufactures and we must equally
encourage American commerce.
Mr. GARFIELD. I now yield to the gen-
tleman from Maine [Mr. Pike] for five min-
utes.
Mr. PIKE. I desire to say a few words to
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Spaldtng,]
who gives as a reason why this bill should not
be passed that the West wishes to ship its prod-
ucts abroad, and needs additional shipping for
that purpose. 1 will ask the gentleman to tell
me why the West cannot ship from the port of
Boston or New York, or from other ports, to Liv-
erpool, as well in British bottoms as in Amer-
ican ? Would they have to pay a penny more
to do so ? They would not; and I may state this
fact to him, .that of the imports into this country
for the last ten years more than seventy-five per
cent, have been brought in British bottoms. So
that the West does not suffer in any way whether
these vessels are brought back or rot,.
Now, as to free trade, I have this to say, that
if the navigation laws are to be broken down and
free trade to be instituted, do it squarely, and
not simply allow these fellows to come back,
who, rather than pay the war rate of insurance
and protect their property in that way, sneaked
off under the flag of Great Britain, and desire
to comeback now that a peace has been restored
which they did not help to bring about.
For one, if I have to vote for the one measure
or the other, I shall cheerfully vote for the for-
eigner to come here and take out an American
register upon equal terms with American ship-
owners rather than vote to allow these fellows
to return who went off under a foreign flag in
time of danger to save insurance. Tf we are to
give American registers to any part British ton-
nage let us give them to those who were never
with and of course never deserted.
As the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Spai.dixg]
has referred to me as a ship-owner, I will say
that I am sorry that I am not; although under
present circumstances, when shippingis so much
depressed, it would add very little to my humble
profits. This bill is a matter of but small con-
sequence to the State of Maine. It docs not
affect, I believe, a single vessel that was trans-
ferred from Maine owners, and will not bring
back one single vessel into Maine. It is only
because the question of the navigation laws has
been brought into the discussion that I speak of
it at all.
I hope, as an indication of the feeling of this
House, we will pass the bill simply as an ex-
pression of opinion in relation to the conduct
of those men who now desire substantial favors
at our hands.
Mr. GARFIELD. I will now yield the floor
to the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Banks] for five minutes.
Mr. BANKS. I have but a word or two to
say on this question. T have listened atten-
tively to the arguments of gentlemen upon this
bill, and if I thought they were applicable to
the subject embraced in the bill, I might be dis-
posed to vote against it. But I believe the pur-
pose of the bill, and the general subject dis-
cussed by gentlemen who are opposed to it, are
entirely 'different.
This bill does not propose final legislation.
It is provisional: it is temporary: and I think
it is entirely just. It says, in substance, that
the man who has deserted his country and its
flag in the hour of its danger and peril; who has
by his desertion forsworn his name as an Amer-
ican ; who has escaped the burdens imposed
upon his countrymen, and who has avoided the
perils that have environed his country in time
of war, shall not resume its high privileges now
without the authority of law.
That is all that the bill declares. The gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. spai.imxn,] on the other
side oftlie House, and the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Gaufieli),] on this side of the House, if
they wish these deserters to avail themselves
of the privileges of American citizens, are at
liberty at any time to introduce a bill proscrib-
ing the conditions upon which they shall regain
those privileges. Let them do it. Let them
define in a legislative act upon what ground
and under what circumstances a man who. in
the time of his country's danger, has shown him-
self to be an enemy of that country, shall come
back and claim its privileges upon the return
of peacc.
Mr. THAYER. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Gap.field] to yield to mo for a few
moments.
Mr. GARFIELD, I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. Speaker, the subject
before the House is one of ao much magnitude
that I trust the House will not allow its patriot-
ism to run away with its common sense. It is
a subject which should be looked at through a
somewhat cooler medium than that of the pas-
sions to which appeals are made in connection
with it.
I was a little surprised, sir. at a question put
by the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Pike,]
when he asked what difference it made whether
the merchants of this country transported their
merchandise in British, French, or American
ships.
Mr. PIKE. What difference in the amount
they pay? That was my question.
Mr. THAYER. If the gentleman coinfin es his
inquiry to a difference in the amount of freights,
I do not know that it makes any difference.
Mr. PIKE. That was the extent of my' in-
quiry.
Mr. THAYER. But, Mr. Speaker, there is",
I suppose, no gentleman upon this floor who
will attempt to deny that it is of the first mag-
nitude with regard, to the interests of this coun-
try that we should have a great and flourishing
commercial marine. Where; sir, did yon'get
your Navy during the late war except fromthe
American marine? What would you have done
for a Navy if you had not had that marine at
your command, and if you had not impressed into
the service of the country the ships belonging
to American merchants? Nay, more, will any
gentleman contend that it is for the advantage
of this country that its mercantile interests
should depend npon the shipping of a foreign
nation, or that the merchants of'America should
have rheir interests subjected to the fluctuations
and uncertainties of a marine that disappears
from the ocean whenever there is a European
war, or the agitation of such a war, and reappears
only when peaceful times return ? Viewing the
subject in this light, regarding it as material to
the best and highest interests of this country
that we should have a great and flourishing
mercantile marine, how can any man, upon such
grounds as are presented here, vote for such a
measure as this, which will expunge so great a
proportion of our shipping?
Now, sir, it, is said that we should inflict this
punishment, not only upon the owners of these
vessels, but upon the interests of the country,
for an imaginary offense of these ship-owners.
Thegcntleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Bakes]
has spoken of the owners of these vessels as
I deserters." Sir, I cannot consider them in
any such light. I do not know that the citi-
! zens of the United States had any interest in
j having their ships burned upon the high seas
! by rebel pirates. I do not know what interest
! of this country would have been subserved by
| flinging in the way of the enemies of this coun-
I try the ships of these owners. And if, at any
' time, when the Government of the United
States was unable to protect the shipping of
our country, the owners of that shipping chose
to resort to a foreign registry for the purpose
of preventing the destruction of their property,
I see no reason why, not only their interest,
but the common interests of the country, which
are involved in this question, should be over-
ridden and crushed because of an act of that
kind—an act not nefarious in itself. I think
that there are higher interests involved than
the inteiests of these owners, and that those
higher interests demand that this measure
should not become a law.
Mr. AVASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] now
vield to me ?
Mr. GARFIELD. I yield to the gentleman
for five minutes..
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. Mr. Speaker,
I thank the gentleman from Ohio for yielding
to me for a few moments, particularly as he
took occasion to refer to me personally in his
remarks on this bill.
I will, however, allude in the first place to the
remark which has just fallen from my distin-
guished friend from-Pennsylvania [Mr. Ti-iayer]
in regard to the policy of this measure. Let
me say to him, and to this House, this bill but
carries out the policy of the Government from
its earliest foundation: and when the gentle-
man asks us to eonsiclcr this question carefully
and deliberately, let me refer him to the opin-
ions and recommendations of the Secretary of
the Treasury, which he has sent to this House
in answer to a resolution adopted by the House
on this very subject. Let me say further, sir,,
with all modesty, that I believe the Committee
, on Commerce, which is charged by the House
! with the consideration of all matters connected
i with commerce, has some regard for those great
' interests of the country; and they have re-
| ported this bill with a rare degree of unanim-
1 ity. They believe the interests of the country
