1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2607.
as aforesaid; and the proceedings to enforce said for-
feiture shall be in the nature of a proceeding in rem in
the circuit or district court of the United States for the
district where such seizure is made, or in any other
court of Qompotentjunsdiction. And any person who
shall have in his custody or possession any such goods,
wares, merchandise, articles, or objects subject to tax
as aforesaid, for the purpose of selling the same with,
the design of avoiding payment of the taxes imposed
thereon, shall be liable to a penalty of 1?d00, or not
less than double the amount oi taxes fraudulently
attempted, to be evaded, to be recovered in any court
of competent jurisdiction; and the goods, wares, mer-
chandise, articles, or objects which shall be so seized
by any collector or deputy collector may, at the option
of the collector, be delivered to the marshal of said
district, and remain in the care and custody of said
marshal, and under his control until he shall obtain
possession by process of law, and the cost of seizure
made before process issues shall be taxable by the
court: Provided, however, That when the property
so seized may be liable to perish or become greatly
reduced in price or value by keeping, or when it ean-
not be kept without greatoxpense, tho owner thereof,
the collector, or the marshal of'the district, may apply
to the assessor of'the district to examine said property;
and if, in the opinion of said assessor, it shall bo neces-
sary that 1he said property should be sold to prevent
such wasto or expense, he shall appraise the same;
and the owner thereupon shall have said property
returned to him upon giving bond 111 such form as
may bo prescribed by the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, and in an amount equal to the appraised
value, with such sureties as the said u*>essoi shall
deem good and sufficient, to abide the final order,
decree, or judgment of the court having cognizance
of the case, and to pay the amount of said appiaised
value to the collector, marshal, or otherwise, as he
may be ordered and directed by the couit, which
bond shall be filed by said assessor with the United
States district attorney for the district in which said
proceedings in rem may bo commenced: Provided,
That in ease the aforesaid bond hliall be executed
before the process is served upon the property, the
marshal shall serve notice upon the bondsmen, and
the court shall have jurisdiction of the matter the
same as if process had beenservedupon the property
so appraised and returned as afoiesaid;_ but if said
owner shall neglect or refuse to give said bond the
assessor shall issue to the collector or marshal afore-
said an order to sell the same; and the said collector
or uiaishal shall thereupon advertise and sell the said
property at public auction in the same manner as
goods may be sold on final execution insaiddistrict;
and the proceeds of the sale, after deducting the
reasonable co^ts of the seizureand sale, shall bopaid
to the court, aforesaid, to abide its final order, decree,
or judgment.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out lines
six hundred and ninety-nine and seven hun-
dred, as follows:
Who shall have reason to believe that the same
arc possessed, had, or held for tlio purpose or design
aforesaid.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out the
words "articles of" in line seven hundred
and two.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 move to strike out the
following words in lines seven hundred and
nine, seven hundred and ten, and seven hun-
dred and eleven :
On whieli taxes arc imposed, as aforesaid, and
intended to be used by them in the fraudulent man-
ufacture of.
And to insert in lieu thereof the word " or;"
so that it shall read :
And also all tools, implements, instruments, and
personal property whatsoever, in the place or build-
ing, or within any yard or inelosure where such arti-
cles or such raw materials shall be found, may also
be seized by any collector or deputy collector, as
aforesaid.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out in
line seven hundred and thirty-two, after the
word "provided," the word " however."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out after
the word "commenced," in line seven hun-
dred and fifty-one, the following:
Provided, That in case the aforesaid bond shall be
executed before process is served upon the property,
the marshal shall serve notice upon the bondsmen,
and the court shall have jurisdiction of the matter
the same as if process had been served upon the
property so appraised and returned as aforesaid.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
Provided further, That in case said bond shall be
executed and the property returned before seizure
thereof by virtue ot the process aforesaid, the mar-
shal shall give notice of the pendency of proceedings
in court to rho parties executing said bond by per-
sonal service or publication, and in manner and form
as the court may direct, and the court shall there-
upon have jurisdiction of said matter and parties in
the same manner as if such property had been seized
by virtue of the process aforesaid.
Mr. WRIGHT. I have a word to say on
that amendment. The proceeding under this
section is similar in all respects to proceedings
in rem in what we term cases of attachment,
and I cannot conceive that this House will,
upon a little reflection, undertake in this way
to adopt a proposition of this kind, which I
deem unfair and unjust to those whom I may
term defendants in such cases.
There is a provision in the law by which an
assessor may advise, and his advice seems to
have the authority of law. It is well known
that in all cases of proceedings by attachment,
and in fact in all other eases, it is necessary
for the court to have jurisdiction of the person
and of the subject-matter; and in proceedings
in rem it is necessary for the court to have
jurisdiction over the property as well. But in
110 case, as I understand the law, in any State
of this Union, can any man's property be taken,
advertised, and sold upon the mere ipse dixit
of an assessor or assistant assessor or collector.
111 ail cases of attachment the defendant; by
coming in and giving up all, may have a riglit
of trial by jury. This right is "denied to him
if this section is to be adopted. I appeal to
gentlemen if I am not correct in my under-
standing of it. There can be no trial by jury,
no opportunity for the defendant to appear
before the court, because the notice is not to
be given io him, but to his bondsman. Can
that be called justice?
I desire to have a provision inserted in this
section that when notice is given to the bonds-
men only, who arc not owners of the property,
the court fails of its jurisdiction. We arc not
doing justice to these men by undertaking to
declare that that which according to law does
not give them jurisdiction shall authorize those
officers! o proceed and divest a man of his prop-
erty without the intervention of the court or
without authority of law.
I am willing to go for any proceeding that
will secure to the United States Government
whatever amount may be due to it, but justice
demands, inasmuch as there may be mistakes
on the part of assessors and collectors, that
notice should be given to the parties in interest,
and that they shall be allowed to go before a
court. If a question of fact is made, a party
has in ordinary proceedings in a court ol jus-
tice the right of a trial by jury. If it is a ques-
tion of law he can go before a court and have
justice done him equally well.
' I trust the chairman of the committee will
look at this matter in the light I have presented
it, and with his known intelligence will suggest
abetter section than the one that is now under
consideration.
Mr. GARFIELD. Almost every point the
gentleman has made is against what is now the
law. All the committee have done is to repeat
it at great, length with some limitations and
restrictions.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the nexttwo paragraphs, as
follows:
That sections fifty-three, fifty-four, fifty-five, fifty-
six, fifty-seven, fifty-nine, sixty-two, sixty-three,
sixty-four, sixty-five, sixty-six, sixty-seven, sixty-
eight, sixty-nine, and seventy be, and the same are
hereby, repealed.
That section seventy-one be amended by striking
out ail after the enacting clause and inserting, in lieu
thereof, the following: that no person, firm, com-
pany, or corporation shall be engaged m, prosceute,
or curry on any trade, business, or profession, here-
inafter mentioned and described, until he or they
shall have paid a special tax therefor in the manner
hereinafter provided.
Mr. LE BLOND. I move that the com-
mittee now rise.
Mr. MORRILL. Wait until half past four
o'clock.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. There ishardly a quorum
present now.
Mr. LB BLOND. I must- insist on my
motion.
The question was taken; and upon a division
there were—ayes 20, noes 54.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The next paragraph was then read, as fol-
lows :
That, section seventy-two be amended by striking
out all after the enacting clause and inserting,!^ lieu
thereof, the following: that every person, firm, com-
pany, or corporation engaged in any trade, business,
or profession on which a special tax is imposed by
law, shall register with the assistant assessor of tjie
assessment district, first, his or their name or style,
and in case of a firm or company, the names of the
several persons constituting such firm or company,
and their places of residence; second, the trade,
business, or profession, and the placc whore such
trade, business, or profession is to be carried on;
third, if a rcctifier, the number of barrels he designs
to rectify; if a peddler,"whether he designs to travel
on foot, or with one, two, or more horses; if an inn-
keeper, tho yearly rental value of the house and
property to bo occupied for said purpose; if not
rented, the assistant assessor shall value the same.
All of ■which facts shall bo returned duly certified by
such assistant assessor, both to the assessor and col-
lector of the district; and the special tax shall be
paid to tho collector or deputy collector of the dis-
trict as hereinafter provided for such trade, business,
or profession.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to insert the words
"or mules" after the words "orwiihone, two,,
or more horses."
Tho motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out the
words "if not rented, the assistant assessor
shall value the same."
The motion was agreed to.
The next paragraph was read, as follows:
That section seventy-three be amended by strik-
ing out all alter the enacting clause and inserting,in
lieu thereof, the following: that any one who shall
exercise or carry on any trade, business, or profession,
or do any act hereinafter mentioned, for the exer-
cising, carrying on, or doing of which a special tax is
imposed by this act, without payment thereof as in
that behalf required, shall, for every such oft'ense,
besides being liable to the payment of the tax, bo
subject to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two
years, or a line not exceeding 8500, or both, one moiety
of such line to the use of the United States, tho other
moiety to the use of the person who shall lirst giv©
information ot tho fact whereby said forfeiture was
incurred.
Mr. WRIGHT. I would like to ask the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means [Mr.
Morrill], in what courts those persons are to
be tried, and what courts are to inflict the
T~iGn3,lty.
Mr. MORRILL. The courts of the United
States, of course.
I move to amend by striking out the words
" one moiety of such fine to the use of tho Uni-
ted States, the other moiety to the use of the
person who shall first give infoimation of the
fact whereby said forfeiture was incurred:"
and insert in lieu thereof the words, "and such
fine shall be distributed between the United
States and the informer, if there be any, a3
provided by law."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PRICE. I move to amend this para-
graph by striking out the word "without," be-
fore the words "payment thereof as in that
behalf provided," and inserting the words "and
shall refuse," so that it will read, "and who
shall refuse payment thereof," &c. Itisapos-
sible ease that an innocent party may bo taken
up under this law and imprisoned. Now, what
I wish is, that if he shall refuse to pay after tho
demand is made ho shall then be punished, and
not without.
Mr. MORRILL. It is made the duty of per-
sons engaged or about to engage in any busi-
ness, for which a special tax is required, and
which takes the place of a license, to go and
obtain a license. The proposition of the gen-
tleman from Iowa [Mr. Price] would make it
necessary for the assessor to go around and find
out all such cases, it might be very incon-
venient for him to travel over a whole district
or enough of it to find out what parties are en-
gaged in all sorts of business.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The next paragraph was read, as follows:
That, section seventy-four be amended by striking
out all alter the enacting clause, and inserting, m
lieu thereof, the following: that the rcoeipt for tho
payment, ol any special tax shall contain and set
ton.h the purpose, trade, business, or profession lor
which such tax is paid, and the name and place ot
abode of the person or persons paying the samo; it
