1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBJL
1647
have that question settled. I have no doubt
that the action^ of the Judiciary Committee
would be complied with, and would be looked
upon as the settled rule on this question. If
any Senator thinks that the Senator from New;
Jersey has a right to vote we ought not to
force a vote on that question to-night, because
the matter has not yet'been fully debated. From
the beginning i had some doubts about it.
Under circumstances of some difficulty, I was
placed in a position where I was compelled to
decide a question for myself; the circumstances
were somewhat different from the circumstances
in tliis'ease ; and 1 know the sensitive embar-
rassment under which any person acts who is
compelled to cast a vote when that vote is mis-
understood. I will state the facts : some years
h;m> 1 was a candidate for office, when it was
supposed that my vote was necessary to elect
me, and it was gravely debated whefheror not
I had the right to vote. I had a natural sen-
sitiveness against voting for myself for any
office except a mere popular election, and I
gravely considered it. My political friends then
almost unanimously, perhaps unanimously, held
that I had the right to vote, for myself for that
office if the contest came to such a position that
my vote would elect me. I debated it for a long,
time, but 1 came to the conclusion that my con-
stituents had the right to my vote, and under
the circumstances I would have cast the vote.
- But I draw a wide distinction between the
position in which I was then placed and the
position in which the Senator from New Jersey
is now placed. His question is a judicial one.
This is a high court of errors. This is the final
tribunal and the only tribunal to decide his
right to a seat, it is a judicial question. He
is not merely running for an office where the
choice is between one of two persons, when he
has the right to cast the vote of his State or
district in favor of his own political party for a
mere party office ; but the question of his light
to his seat is involved. It seems to me if any
question is judicial that is a judicial question.
It involves not only the mere salary, which is
nothing, but his right to the office, which is a
judicial question to be determined by the courts
in many eases, but here the Senate is to deter-
mine for itself. Upon this question I have al-
ready indicated my opinion: but if anybody
else has any doubt of it I would certainly refer
it to the Committee on the Judiciary. The re-
port of that committee I have no doubt would
settle it forever, so that when the question may
hereafter arise there would be a fixed rule
ado) ited by the general concurrence of all parties
in the Senate. I therefore move that the res-
olution of the Senator from Massachusetts be
referred to the Judiciary Ooif%nittee with in-
structions to report by Thursday morning.
.Mr. SUMNER. I agree with the Senator
from Ohio in taking the Senator from New
Jersey at his word. I have no personal ques-
tion with the Senator; I have for him nothing
but kindness and respect. I deal with this
question simply as a question of principle. The
Senator tells us that he will not vote when the
case comes up again. I believe him; he will
not vote. But, sir, he has taken the Constitu-
tion in his hand, and holding it up he tells us
that he finds in that instrument authority for it
in his ease. That being so, I do think that we
ought not to be content merely with his state-
ment that he will not vote. The Senate owes
it. to itseifto iix the precedent for all time,
that a Senator in his position cannot vote,
lie says, reading the Constitution. "The Senate
of the United States shall be composed of two
Senators from each State, chosen by the Legis-
lature thereof for six years, and eac-h Senator
shall have one vote." Ay, sir, each Senator
shall have one vote when "ho is recognized as
a Senator on this floor fully and completely.
Mr. FESSEMHON. That has reference to
their veiling by States.
Mr. SCjMXFR. It has reference, as the Sen-
ator from Maine reminds me, to their voting
by States: but then I am willing to accept the
interpretation even that the Senator from New
Jersey gives it, subject, however, to this lim-
| Station, that he cannot vote in his own ease,
i The Constitution of the United States itself is
| to be interpreted in subordination to that great
; principle of universal law. But since the Sen-
ator makes that claim it is important that we
should meet it, and in some way or other, as I
proposed, by correcting the Journal, or, as I
now propose, by a resolution declaring that
the Senator shall not vote, fix the precedent
forever, so that hereafter we shall not be loft
to the uncertainty of the will or opinion of a
Senator whose seat may be in question. We
must not rely upon his honor. We have got
to rely upon the Constitution as interpreted by
this body and fixed by precedent beyond recall.
It is, therefore, that I think still it would be
better if the Senate had corrected its Journal
and annulled the vote. Being a vote that in
itself was null and void, it was to be treated as
not having been given.
That brings me to another question. The
Senator asks to withdraw his vote. To with-
draw what? Something which I think has
never been done; that is, legally done.. There
is no legal vote of the Senator. His name is
recorded there as having voted, but it is a vote
that at the time was null and void. There is
nothing, therefore, for him to withdraw, but
something for the Senate to annul.
Now, sir, as to the question of postpone-
ment, if the Senate desire to postpone the sub-
ject, they will postpone it. I shall regret it.
Already this case has occupied too much time.
Why not proceed with it at once? Who hesi-
tates? Who doubts whether Mr. Stockton
should be allowed to vote or not? Let us be-
gin, therefore, by declaring that he should not
vote, and then let us proceed with the main
question and settle it before we adjourn. Why
not?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It strikes me that the
easier and better way to dispose of this matter
in the shape in which it now is, as we have re-
considered the vote, would be to correct the
Journal. The Senator from Massachusetts
says the vote is void. No matter whether it is
void or not void, it is cast. The Senator from
New Jersey, from considerations of his own,
which he has stated to the Senate, has asked
the unanimous permission of the Senate to
have the Journal in that respect corrected. If
there is no objection, that may be done. I
think that would be the better way; and then
let the other question of his right be referred,
as suggested by the Senator from Ohio, to the
Judiciary Committee. As he and some other
Senators desire it, I have no objection to that.
The committee can examine it and make a re-
port on the subject. I trust that there will be
unanimous consent to correct the Journal as
suggested by the Senator from New Jersey.
That would make the correction upon the Jour-
nal ; and then we will settle the question of his
right to vote on the motion that is made by
the Senator from Ohio. That would dispose
of the case, as the motion to reconsider is
already adopted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to refer to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, with instructions, the
following resolution:
Revolved, That the vote of JIr._Stoekton bo not
received in determining the question of his seat in
the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand the Chair to
say that the motion is to refer that resolution
11 to the Committee on the Judiciary, with instrue-
; | tions. T should like to know what those instrue-
;i tions are.
i| The PRESIDENT pro tempore. To report
j by Thursday morning.
j| Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend that by
:j instructing them to report a standing rule for
i the Senate, and then we shall have the ques-
i tiou settled not only in this, but in ail other
i cases.
j! -Mr. TR-WMBULL. I suppose it would be
|! competent under this resolunon. and probably
,1 that would be the result, for the coumi.ttee lo
| j report a standing rule on the subject. It strikes
11 mc so at this time; but that would certainly
be competent. We should not be compelled
to report biujk the precise words of the resolu-
tion referrew
Mr. CLARK. What is the necessity of a
reference to the Judiciary Committee of that
question at all ?
Mr. GRIMES. To frame a rule.
Mrt CLARK. The Senator from Iowa says
to frame a rule. I have drawn and hold in my
hand what I think would be a good rule, which
I offer to the Senate, and it can lie on the table
until to-morrow and then be adopted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion before the Senate now is on the reference
of the resolution of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts to the Committee on the Judiciary
with instructions.
Mr. NYE. After having listened here almost
all day to the leading members of this com-
mittee, it seems to me but another act in this
farce to refer back to them this resolution to
make a rule. I am opposed to that reference,
and I am opposed to the motion made by the
Senator from Maryland, and which seems to
be seconded by the Senator from Ohio, to post-
pone action in this case. It seems to me we
have reached a point in the consideration of
this ease where the Senate should act promptly
upon it. It is due to the State of New Jersey.
It is a thing perfectly v,Tell known that the
Legislature of the State of New Jersey are
holding on now for no other jiurpose than, if
the vote in this body is such as to relieve Mr.
Stockton from farther duty here, that they may
elect a man to put in his place. I am credibly
informed, and about that there will be no dis-
pute, that they are now adjourning from day
to day for no other purpose.
Mr. President, in speaking one word for the
State of New Jersey, I shall be pardoned if I
recur a little to the history of this whole pro-
ceeding. It started and originated, I will not
say with the purpose, but the result of the ac-
tion is a palpable wrong to the people of New
Jersey. I deny that the Legislature of any
State possesses the right to exercise powers
which are not delegated, to make any agree-
ment in reference to the election of an officer,
especially one so high in character as a Sena-
tor of the United States, which for a moment
imperils even the wishes of the humblest citi-
zen in the State. This question goes back,
then, and the people feel an interest in it, and
their interest should be regarded by this body.
For almost four months this question has
been under consideration. The citizens of
New Jersey claim that they have not only not
been represented, but they have been misrep-
resented. It is due to that people that this
body, after so full a discussion as we have had
hero on both sides, should meet the question
like men and decide it at once. The Senator
from Maryland says that the Senator from New
York [Mr. Morgax] is sick. So was the Sen-
ator from Vermont [Mr. Foot] the other day
when this vote was taken. So is the Senator
from Connecticut, [Mr. Dixox.] On Thurs-
day the Senator from Maryland may be sick
himself. If the vote stood a little different to-
day I think a motion to postpone would not be
made. I take it for granted that if the Sena-
tor from New York was in his seat, the vote
would not be postponed- I say that each ques-
tion that is before this body is to take its chances
of the health of Senators. There is no reason
for further postponing the consideration of the
| question now before the body, after the manner
j iri which it has been conducted here, and let me
say, especially after that most insolent let-
ter. by which" the Senator from New Jersey
attempted to vindicate himself, from a Major
Wright, arraigning this body here and before
: the world as exercising a high prerogative that
■ they had not the right to exercise, and there-
1 fore offering not only to the State of New Jer-
1 sev. but to'all the constituencies that we rep-
resent. a most palpable insult.
! I submit that thcTe is nothing _ne\v to be
brought out upon this question. The learned
; Senator from Maryland has exhausted himself
j upon the right of this man to his seat; and the
