1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3567
man from Indiana [Mr. Julian] yield to me
to offer an amendment?
Mr. J ULIAN". I will.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada. Mr. Speaker, I
liave lived a great many years in the State of
California, and perhaps have had more to do
"with these matters there than any man upon
this floor; and I hare an amendment to oC'er
which my experience assures me is right and
just. My amendment contains-a provision
which will secure the rights of all who have
settled upon the land of the United States
under the homestead or preemption laws of
the United States. But under our treaty stip-
ulations with Mexico we are bound to respect
the grants of land which were made by the
Spanish or Mexican authorities. There are
only some ten or twelve grants the records of
which are in the surveyor general's office for
California. Now this amendment cannot oust
any settlers on those lands, because they are
expressly provided for.
Now, I say that if there are eight or ten of
these grants there, it is incumbent on this Con-
gress to keep inviolate the national faith and
protect the honor of the American nnme ; we
are bound by treaty obligation to do so. And
as my amendment is carefully guarded in all
respects, I think it will appeal to the justice of
this House, and will not, I believe, imperil this
bill if adopted. I send to the Clerk's desk to
be read the amendment I propose.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
Add to scct.ion seven the following:
And provided farther, That whenever any jtistand
valid claim to land in the State of Calilornia, by
virtue of or throuah any prant or titlo derived lrom
the Mexican or Spanish Government, the genuine
expediente or evidence relative to which grant or
title is contained in the Spanish aichives 111 the ens-
tody of the United States surveyor general for Cali-
fornia, shall not have been presented to, examined,
and decided upon by the commission created by the
act of Congress, approved March 3, 1851, the grantee
or his assigns may, at any time within six months
after this act shall have become a [aw, present a peti-
tion to the district court of tlic district in which the
l:-nd claimed is situated, prayins said court to de-
cide upon the validity of said claim; and thereupon
the same proceedings shall be had m said district
court, m relation tothe hearing and decision of said
claim, in all respects, as though saitl claim had been
presented to and decided by the commission created
by said aet adversely to said claim, except that no
transcript of the report of said commission shall be
presented to said district court, and the same appeal
may bo brought from the decision therein, and tlio
same proceedings had for the hearing and decision
thereof as is provided by said act: Promded, how-
ever, That nothing in this act nor any proceedings
under it, shall impair or affect the right or title of
any person or persons, their representatives or as-
signs, who have acquired any just right or title in
said lands under the preemption or homestead laws
of the United States.
Mr. BID WELL. I appeal totliegentleman
from Nevada [Mr. Ashley] to withdraw his
amendment and not press it at this time. The
object of this bill is to quiet land titles, and
nothing else. And we do not desire to be
called upon to pass on such a measure as he
has proposed, as it must lead to a great deal
of discussion. And I think his proposition
should go before the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and be brought up as a separate meas-
ure, and not be allowed to encumber this bill.
Mr. McRUER. I rise to a point of order;
that the proposition of the gentleman from
Nevada [Mr. Ashley] is not germane to this
bill.
The SPEAKER.. The title of this bill is
"An act to quiet land titles in California."
Anything upon the subject of quieting land
titles in California is certainly in order as an
amendment. This amendment of the gentle-
man from Nevada [Mr. Ashley] is certainly
in order, whether it commends itself to the
House for its adoption or not.
Mr ASHLEY, of Nevada. I have but lit-
tle to say upon my amendment. It confirms
nor'iing in the way of land titles ; it says sim-
ply that they may be taken before the courts,
so" that the linal decision of the United States
Supreme Court can be had upon it. And if
their title is held to be good, it is good against
the United States, saving the rights of settlers
ui ion the land. And I hold that this is a proper
amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD. Idesireto inquire whether
this amendment, if it be adopted, will decide,
one way or the other, cases of contested land
titles now pending in court.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada. It will not.
Mr. HIGBY. It will revive cases growing
out of the old Mexican grants which are now
outlawed. It will carry those cases again into
court.
Mr. GARFIELD. What I desire to ascer-
tain is, whether this amendment will affect
titles now in litigation.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada. _ It will not affect
cases now pending: but it will reopen for ad-
judication eight or ten cases, the records of
which exist in the old archives.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Will this amend-
ment reopen the Miranda case?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada. It will; but I
say to the gentleman——
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I had occasion, as
a member of the Judiciary Committee, to ex-
amine that case; and I think it ought not to
bo reopened.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada. As to that case
I will say that the lands on that rancho have
been settled as public lands, and the rights of
the parties, so far as they have been acquired
under the United States, are protected by this
proviso.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. From my exami-
nation of that case, I am satisfied that this Con-
gress should take no action which will reopen
that controversy. I do not know anything
about the merits of this bill; but I am satisfied
that that case should never be reopened.
Mr. ASIILET, of Nevada. In answer to
that I will simply say that, so far as regards
any land case in Calilornia which is protected
under the treaty of the United States, the proper
tribunal to adjudicate it is the Supreme Court
of the United Slates, and not any committee
of this House. It was not intended when we
made that treaty with Mexico that those rights
should be determined by the action of a com-
mittee here. This amendment simply provides
that the Supreme Court of the United States
shall determine the ease when it is carried there;
and this our national honor requires.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will ask whether
the Miranda case has not already been deter-
mined by the court.
Mr. ASIILEY, of Nevada. Tt, never has
heen. It was withdrawn before a decision was
made.
Mr. HIGBY. I will say that the very case
to which the gentleman refers has been before
the court.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada. Ithas never been
determined.
Mr. HIGBY. The Miranda and the Ortega
titles were both in court. The Miranda case
was withdrawn, and the Ortega ease struggled
on. The cases involved the same question pre-
cisely. I will state the substance of the mat-
ter : Congress prescribed a certain time within
which all those claimants under the Mexican
grants should appear before commissioners
appointed for the purpose of settling those
questions. There was a sufficient time allowed
for all claimants to appear and commence liti-
gation. The object of the amendment now-
proposed by the gentleman from Nevada is
simply to give another opportunity to parties
who have already let slip the opportunity which
was afforded them to appear and present their
claims. The amendment proposes to reopen
to litigation questions which are now closed.
That is the object of it. Let me^ say further,
Mr. Speaker, that there is now in the hands
of the Committee on Public Lands a bill con-
taining the very same proposition : and it seems
as if the object, were to attach this as a rider to
this bill in order that it may go through with
it, or that this bill, affecting great interests of
the State of California, shall fail.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada. This proposi-
tion has been before the Committee on Public
Lands, and they have agreed to it as being
proper; but as it is now late in the session,
and there will probably be no opportunity to
report or act on that bill, we deem it best to
propose it now. One word in regard to the
time allowed for the presentation of these
claims. The period allowed was from 1851 to
18C3. And I say, sir, that two years constitute
a very small period of time to allow in such
cases to people who do not understand the
English language and who never saw the law
in regard to the matter. Now, sir, I think
that is a proper amendment. It decides noth-
ing, but leaves the matter for the courts. It
saves the rights of these parties.
Mr. JULIAN. I only wish to say that the
same proposition has been before the Commit-
tee on Public Lauds. It was considered in a
separate measure, and the committee were of
the opinion that it is a proper provision. It
was not designed for the benefit of the Miranda
claim, but to save the rights of all parties who
have been deprived of all opportunity for re-
dress through no fault or avoidable neglect on
their part. Wo thought it proper to give to such
parties the power to assert their rights. For
this reason the committee had agreed to it, and
believing it to be proper, I have allowed my
friend from Nevada [Mr. Asiiley] to present,
it as an amendment to this bill, as there will be
no other opportunity of reaching it during this
session.
Mr. BID WELL. This proposition will open
up all the land claims of California, and cases
now settled will have to be again gone over ;
cases wdiere the land has been surveyed and
sold and patented under the laws of the United
States. It willenablethem to bring these titles
again into court. It is all wrong.
Mr. JULIAN. It, does not cover all of the
cases to which the gentleman refers.
Mr. 13IDWELL. Bring it up in another bill.
Mr. JULIAN. The gentleman is hostile to
it in any form. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada, modified his
amendment by adding tho following:
Provided further, That tho provinons of this bill
shall not apply to any ease now pending in any of
the State courts or United States courts.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. PRICE. I move to add the following:
Provided further, That nothing in this bill shall ho
construed as in any manner to intcrlere with the
rights of bona J ale preemption claims.
Mr. BIDWELL. The bill is guarded in
every section, but 1 do not object to the amend-
ment.
'J'ho amendment was agreed to.
□"lie amendments of the committee were read,
as follows:
First amendment:
Add to section eight:
J-'rovirtcrt, however, That the act of Congress en-
titled "An nct to grant the right of preemption to
certain purchasers on the So^coj r.ineh, iu Califor-
nia," appioved Maich o, 1SW, shall not he so con-
stiued a.- to intertcre with the (lanugo! bono Jlde set-
tlers on the taicl lands who had settled thereon and
were claiming preemptions, in accordance with the
laws of the United States, prior to the time of tho
pa>-aye of the said aet.
Second amendment:
Add to section nine:
Provided, however, That from decrees of tho dis-
trict courts, as aforesaid, made after July 1,38G5, and
prior to tlio passage of this acl, an appeal may bo
taken to the United States circuit com t lor the State
of California within one year from the approval of
this act: Provided, That in any such epj-c in which
an appeal may be taken under the provisions of this
section, the said circuit court shall not be precluded
by the forms of the decrcc of confirmation, or bv rea-
son of any clerical mistake therein, tiom determin-
ing the boundaries of the land claimed, in accordance
with the original grant and the real justice and merits
of the case.
Here the morning hour expiree], and the bill
went over until the next morning hour.
ENROLLED IULLH.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled hill* uf the following
titles ] when the Speaker signed the same :
An act. (S. No. 37) making a grant of hinds,
in alternate section^, to aid in the r,o,.>^tru,">it'jji
