3508
THE CONGrKESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 3,
and extension of the Iron Mountain railroad
from Pilot Knob, in the State of Missouri, to
Helena, in Arkansas;
An act (S. No. 58) granting lands to the
State of Oregon to aid in-the construction of a
military road from Corvallis to the Aquina bay;
An act (S. No. 99) granting lands to the
State of Oregon to aid in the construction of
a military road from Albany, Oregon, to the
eastern boundary of said State;
An act (S. No. 15G) making an additional
grant of lands to the State of Minnesota, in
alternate sections, to aid in the construction
of a railroad in said State;
An act (S. No. 1G8) to provide for the dis-
posal of certain lands therein named ; and
■An act (S. No. 221) relatingto lands granted
to the State of Minnesota to aid in construct-
ing railroads.
message fkoii tiie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. William
J. McDonald, its Chief Clerk, informed the
House that the Senate had passed a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 117) for the relief of Charles
M. Blake, in which he was directed to request
the concurrence of the House.
The message further informed the House that
(he Senate had passed, without amendment,
a bill of the Mouse (Fl. It. No. 08.1) for the relief
of J. Judson Barclay.
reconstruction.
The SPEAKER, staled as the first business
in order the consideration of the special order,
being House bill No. 543, to restore to the
Slates lately in insurrection their full political
rights, upon which Mr. Bingham was entitled to
the floor.
TATtlTO BILL.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state oft lie
["nion oil the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So (he rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the "Whole on the state of the Union, (.Mr.
Si,wield in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the special order, being the bill
(IT. K. No. 718,) to provide increased revenue
trom imports, and for other purposes.
Tho paragraph under consideration was as
follows:
On candle or canncl coal, and on all bituminous
do;]! lain oil and imported from ;my port or place
thirty decrees of longitudo oast, of "Washington, St f)0
her ton ot twenty-oifdit bushels, eighty pounds to tho
bushel; on alt bituminous coal mined a,ml imported
from any plane not more than thirty decrees of lon-
gitude east, of "Washington, tit'fy ccnls per ton of
twcnly-cittht bushels, enrhty pounds to tho bushel;
on nntlirncile, and nil other coal not herein other-
wise provided for, $1 50 per ton of twentv-eifi'ht, bush-
els, cmhty pounds to tho bushel; on coko and eulm
of coal, twcnly-livo per cent, ad vulurau.
Tho pending question was on the motion of
Mr. I'. Thomas to strike out from the para-
graph just read the words, where they first
occur, "thirty degrees of longitude cast from
Washington," and also tho words, " on all bitu-
minous coal mined and imported from any placo
not more than thirty degrees of longitude oast
of Washington, fifty cents per ton of twenty-
eight bushels, eighty pounds (o the bushel;"
so that the paragraph will read as follows:
On candle or cannel coal, and on all bituminous
coal mined and imported from any port or place, $1 f,0
per ton of twcuty-ciarht bushels, eighty pounds to the
bushel: on ant lira cite, and all other coal not herein
otherwise provided for, $1 50 per ton of twenty-eight
bushels, eighty pounds to the bushel; on coko aud
culm of coal, twenty-live per cent, art ■valorem.
Mr. MORRILL. I believe the House acceded
to my request to bo allowed (en minutes tore-
ply td the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. F.
Thomas.] Mr. Chairman, f know tho very un-
equal task that I have to perform when I under-
take to reply to the gentleman from Maryland,
who so rarely appears upon this floor, but when
he does appear comes forth with such impres-
sive eloquence and is so earnest in his appeal
to the House that whether he is right or wrong
the House is disposed to follow his suggestion.
He is, I am happy to say, seldom wrong, but
in this case I believe him to be entirely wrong.
In the first place, the gentleman criticises
the manner or form of the bill. The form is
by no means unusual. It is in the same or a
similar form that has been enacted for more
than fifty years past in order to make a dis-
crimination in relation to articles that may be
imported from one side or the other of a given
degree of longitude.
In the next place, the gentleman criticises
our proposed bill because it does not give coal
equal protection to anything else in the bill.
Why, Mr. Chairman, the present bill, contrary
to the opinion of the gentleman from Maryland
and others in the House, is not a bill for pro-
tection. It is a hill for revenue, and unless we
adopt it we may lose, perhaps,'$200,000,000 of
internal revenue. The bill is framed to pro-
tect our internal revenue and for no other pur-
pose. Tf it were not for that we should make
no emendations to the tariff at all. If it were
not for the vast flood of circulating medium at
the present time we should not make any
amendments to the tariff. But in consequence
of the enormous inflation of the currency it is
impossible that laboring men can live upon
the same rate of wages that has been heretofore
paid, and where wo have the old specific rates
in our tariff it is impossible that those rates
should bo adequate to the necessities of either
the Government or the manufacturers. If we
had an ad valorem tariff on a home valuation
there would bo no necessity now for an increase
in tho tariff.
Now, in relation to the article of coal, as I
have argued heretofore, it stands upon a dif-
ferent principle from a manufacture, or from
wool, which the gentleman from Maryland
cited. We cannot by any possibility increase,
the amount of production, levy whatever tariff
we please upon it, as we can upon manufac-
tures or upon wool.
Mr. Chairman, I have only one fault to find
with the argument of tho gentleman from Mary-
land. I read what he said yesterday:
" Sir, I very well remember—and it occurs to me
just at this moment—a remark made by Mr. "Web-
ster in romonslralini; airainst the annexation of
Texns. ilo said that every one ru-!<>:n< ,! !o
examination and self-scrutiny discovers that there
is in human nature an occult principle which inca-
pacitates a man for Inking a very lively interest in
tho ntfairs of a community situated very remote from
bis own locality. That remark seemed to ino at the
time to bo not a very apt illustration of tho penetra-
tion, tlio deep analytic power which distinguished
tho philosophic mind of that srent statesman. I
thought then, I think now, that this principle is to
bo traccd to sollislmess or self-interest."
Now, sir, does not that remark apply to the
gentleman from Maryland as much as to my-
self? Is he uot as remote from the New Eng-
land coast as I am from western Maryland?
Sir, I scorn the imputation that I ever neglect
a measure because it happens to interest Cali-
fornia more than I would if it interested Con-
necticut. I seorn tho imputation that I would
neglect a measure that interested the Lake
Superior region any more than if it interested
Maine.
.Mr. F. THOMAS. I simply remind the gen-
tleman that that is hardly parliamentary lan-
guage.
Mr. MORRILL, I will withdraw any part
of it if it is offensive to the gentleman, as I
ceriainly intended no offense.
Mr. JL<\ THOMAS. I would say to the gen-
tleman in the best possible spirit, for his de-
portment is always highly courteous, that at
the very time of speaking of that selfishness in
our nature 1 conceded that I was myself sub-
ject to the same impulses and the same emo-
tions, and I imputed to him only the feelings
that were common to us all.
Mr. MORRILL. In relation to coal, Mr.
Chairman, we have proposed the same rate of
duty that was in the former bill. The gentle-
man objected that we should reproduce the
same rates, because that bill was rejected on
motion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
I beg to remind the gentleman that "the bill
did not have its enacting clause stricken out
on account of this coal question simply. It
was stricken out because of the reluctance
on the part of the House to legislate in rela-
tion to the provisions of a tariff for the Cana-
dian Provinces upon any different principle or
rates than what we would for all the world.
The House did not wish to have any part of
the reciprocity treaty reproduced in any pos-
sible shape, and that was why that bill was
rejected.
The aontleman from Maryland suggests that
it is only for the interest of a few men in Bos-
ton and New York that the rate on coal com-
ing from no mdre than thirty degrees east lon-
gitude is inserted. Why, sir, the whole coast
north of New York is interested in this mat-
ter. The poor people that have hard work to
pick up in the streets the little fuel that may be
necessary to keep themselves warm during our
severe winters have an interest in this bill.
They are dependent for their fuel upon coal,
and is it reasonable and proper that we, in
order to benefit a ,company that has subsisted
for tho last eleven years without any protec-
tion whatever, shall now ask that these people
shall pay at least $1 50 a ton more for their
fuel? 1 certainly cannot conceive that it is
necessary that this should be done for the bene-
fit of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Com-
pany. And then let me say that in our infer-
nal revenue bill we have benefited that com-
pany and the States of Maryland and Pennsyl-
vania to the amount of over a million dollars
by exempting coal from any tax whatever. We
have benefited the railroad company by ex-
empting them from any tax on freight. Now,
is it reasonable that they should ask for any-
thing more? Certainly it appears to mo very
unreasonable.
Now, Mr. Chairman, this article is used in
manufactures. We tax the manufactures after
theyaremade. Is not that enough? It is used
for making gag, and there is not an article in
tho whole list of manufactures that is taxed
more heavily, with the exception of tobacco
and liquors, than gas. Is it not enough to tax
an article after it is produced, without taxing
tho raw material?
The Baltimore and Ohio railroad, to recur
to it again, the gentleman from .Maryland lias
already stated, was in the habit prior to the
war of sending something like three hundred
thousand tons annually to market, during the
war only ninety thousand, and since the war
three hundred and forty-six thousand tons.
Now, it does seem to me if they can recover
and recuperate without this heavy duty on coal,
they can do so when we levy fifty cents upon
it, which the gentleman acknowledges to bo
ten per cent, upon the cost. It does appear
to me that if wo levy a duty of fifty cents per
ton on all the coal that comes from Nova Sco-
tia, that is enough. And I will say to the
House that in our experience when coal was
entirely free, half of all the bituminous coal
wc received from abroad, or nearly half, wnno
from Liverpool or somewhere else besides
Nova Scotia.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Sir. STEVENS. I move to amend so as to
make the duty $1 25 per ton. I do not know
that I desire to say anything, except that I do
not see that the Committee of Ways and Means
have 'proposed anything now, except that we
shall go into the business of taxing degrees of
longitude. [Laughter.] It is a new idea, and
I do not know that 1 fully understand it. How-
ever, I hope that we will make the duty at
least $1 25 per ton.
Mr. MARSTON. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Stevens.] Under the reciprocity treaty with
Great Britain certain articles from the Prov-
inces were allowed to come into this country
free, and among them were the articles of wool
and coal. During tho last ten years, under that
treaty, there has grown up in this country a
manufacture of worsted goods, made almost
entirety of Canada wool, to the amount of
$8,000,000 a year. In that manufacture is
consumed about four million pounds of Can-
ada wool; while we do not raise in this coun-
try more than three hundred thousand pounds.
Now, by this bill an increased duty has been
