1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3569
placed upon Canada wool, which for a time,
at least, will be a-great injury to that manufac-
ture. But the people of New England engaged
in this manufacture do not complain of this;
for although it will cripple us for a time, we
believe this country has the capacity to raise
all the wool required, and that it will do it.
Another great interest is that of coal, which
under the reciprocity treaty was admitted from
the Provinces free of duty. During the time
that treaty was in operation tha capitalists of
this country invested largely in coal mines in
tlic Provinces, and have been engaged largely
in mining coal there. Those mines are.situated
immediately upon the shore of the ocean, and
yield the very best bituminous coal found on
this continent. Now, I appeal to the commit-
tee if it is fair and right, after this great amount
of capital has been invested under the recipro-
city treaty, that a duty should now be imposed
of more than one hundred per cent, upon this
coal. Before the commencement of the late
war, bituminous coal was sold at the mines of
Cumberland at seventy-five cents per ton; and
I suppose it sold at about the same price at
the mines in Nova Scotia.
Now, I am not aware that New England has
any natural advantages over any other section
of the country. Her climate is rigorous, her
soil is sterile, and her location far removed from
the regions producing the articles she uses in
her manufactures, the breadstuffs and meats
she needs for the consumption of her popu-
lation. We go to North Carolina and other
States South for the timber to build our ships,
for the cotton for our manufactories, and to
those States and the States of the West for
our breadstuffs and meats. And after paying
the cost of transporting these articles to our
region we must then transport the products
of our industry to the populations that consume
them. Now, is it reasonable that there should
also be added the immense cost of transporting
coal from the Alleghany regions to the sea and
then by water to our homes ?
It is said by the gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. F. Thomas] that we ought to put a larger
tax than this on for the purpose of revenue as
well as protection. Now, I hold that it is an
absurdity to tax fuel for revenue; it is an ab-
surdity to undertake to protect fuel.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question recurred upon the amendment
of Mr. Stevens.
Mr. STEVENS. I will withdraw the amend-
ment if any gentleman will renew it, as I desire
a vote 011 it.
Mr. MARSTON. I will renew the amend-
inent for (lie purpose of concluding what 1 have
to say. I was saying, when my five minutes
expired, that we pay enormous sums for the
transportation of raw materials to supply our
manufactories. And it is not reasonable that
we should be compelled to transport fuel from
the Alleghanies to the ocean and thence by
water to Now England. Sir, if there is any
product that ought to be afforded cheap, and
that every human being in the country is inter-
ested in the greatest degree in having afforded
as cheaply as it possibly can be, it is that prod-
uct which makes light and heat and power.
Not only is it to the interest of the people of
New England to have cheap fuel, but it is equally
the interest of everybody in the country who
consumes our manufactures.
Now, sir, I maintain that it is no sort of
benefit to Nova Scotia, when,- by the outlay
of New England and Is'ew York capital, coal
is mined there and brought away to be con-
sumed here on our own territory. Nor is it
any considerable advantage to Maryland, when,
by the expenditure of New England and Now
York capital, coal is mined in Maryland and
carried away for use at the North. The ad-
vantage is infinitesimal when compared with
the disadvantage under which the country la-
bors in consequence of the necessity of trans-
porting fuel such immense distanoes. Why,
sir, if Virginia (pleaded for so eloquently by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kcl-
Lky] the other day) and Maryland would real-
39th Coxa. 1st Ses*.—No. 224.
ize an adequate profit from the immense nat-
ural advantages which they possess, let them
use their own timber to build ships 011 their
own shores. Let them burn their own coal in
their own steamers, their own furnaces, their
own manufactories, and then the}' will bo
able to consume the products of their agricult-
ural industry on their own soil. Thus they
will be able to exchange the silence of the
grave, which now broods over the greater por-
tion of that country, for the hum of a busy
and thriving industry.
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Marston,] New Englander
though he be, is not more anxious than I am
that New England shall have cheap coal. I
believe that the way for her to obtain it is to
open genero.us rivalry with the coal-fields along
the coast. I am anxious that she shall have
the coal of Nova Scotia as cheaply as she can
have any American product. And if gentlemen
will look at Executive Document No. 128,-the
answer of the Secretary of the Treasury to a
resolution which I had the honor to introduce
here on the 28tli of March, they will see there
broached the idea of adding stars to our flag
and of making Nova Scotia, New Brunswick,
and Canada East States of this Union. That,
sir, is a feasible project: and it can bo accom-
plished without war. Nothing but the provis-
ions of the reciprocity treaty could have kept
those Provinces out of theUnion until the pres-
ent time; and if we decline to give them legis-
lative protection equivalent to the advantages
they enjoyed under the reciprocity treaty, they
will, by the force of political gravitation, take
their places before many years as States of the
American Republic.
The gentleman says that we have put a duty
on wool. Yes, sir; and we have added a cor-
responding duty on woolen goods. The gen-
tleman talks of this tariff as a protective tariff.
It is not a protective tariff. It is a mere rev-
enue tariff. I hope to see some day a protect-
ive tariff in this country. But this tariff does
not compensate the manufacturers for the inter-
nal taxes imposed upon them. And the com-
mercial reports with reference to coal show that
it is pouring into our country this year in great
excess of the importation last year. [ hold in
mj' hand a copy of the New York Commercial
Times and Financial Chronicle for June 23. It
contains a table of foreign importations of lead-
ing articles of commerce at that port for the
week ending June 15, as compared with the im-
portations during a corresponding period last
year. The amount of coal imporled during one
week last year was 73,6G6 tons, while this year
it is 253,000 tons, j*
I concede that ta*Committee of Ways and
Means, pressed as they have been, have done
the best they could to adjust the tariff to com-
pensate for internal taxes. During the war
we have not been living under a tariff. We
have been living on the difference between our
currency and gold. More than one year ago
1 said in this House that when gold should fall
below 150, our factories and workshops would
be obliged to close. When gold dropped to
130, they did close all over the country. This
system of free trade, or rather this question
of giving protection nicely balanced with the
measure of internal taxes which a product
bears, is making it the interest of the manufac-
turer to have an inflated and ehcap currency,
in order that the difference between it and gold
may protect him against the influence of our
unwise legislation.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BOITTWBLL rose.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the pending amendment.
Mr. MARSTON. I withdraw the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. BOUTVVELL. I renew it. Mr. Chair-
man, there are three vital and satisfactory rea-
sons why this duty should not be increased.
The first is that coal being a raw material, and
in 110 sense a manufacture, does not come
within the settled policy of the country to pro-
tect manufactures. It is an article of fuel as
necessary to human existence as air and water,
and therefore should be furnished to every per-
son at the lowest possible cost. Second and
third, the measure proposed is neither one of
revenue, properly speaking, nor of protection.
I say it is not one of revenue, properly speak-
ing, because if we deny the doctrine of protec-
tion and stand on the principle of revenue,
then we ask that the duty for the purpose of
revenue shall be upon luxuries before it is im-
posed upon articles of positive and prime ne-
cessity. We have stricken out of the internal
revenue system fifty articles, refusing to take '
revenue oft them, not one of which is to be
compared with coal as an article of necessity
for the people of the country.
Now, sir, I say for the purpose of protection
the tax of $1 50 per ton is wholly inadequate.
It is well known that coal conies to this coun-
try in large quantities from Nova Scotia, (he
consumption of which is confined to New Eng-
land and portions of New York ; and with this
duty of $1 50 per ton it will continue to be
imported, because you cannot transport Cuni-
beiland coal from the mines five hundred miles
away for anything like $1 50 per ton. It costs
four dollars a ton to transport Cumberland coal
from the port, of Georgetown to the port of
Boston. Therefore, if you put the duty upon
domestic coal even at three dollars a ton, we
in New England will still be obliged to purchase
foreign coal because we can procure itclieaper.
Here, then, we impose a tax upon an article
of prime necessity to all classes, and especially
to manufacturers, while we allow articles of
luxury to come in free from abroad.
If you make this a protective tariff, you must
put 011 a duty of at least five dollars a ton in
order to secure the coal miners of this country
the monopoly of the New England markets.
But I say there is nothing in the whole range
of possible taxation which ought not to be
taxed for the purpose of revenue before you
tax coal. If, however, you propose to tax for
protection, a tax of $1 50 per ton is 'totally
inadequate.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MILLER. Mr. Chairman, the State
which I have the honor to represent in pari is
deeply interested in a tariff. Her va st resources
of coal and iron need adequate protection
against foreign competition, and many other
States of this Union are ill like situation. I
am therefore in favor of imposing such a duty
on coal and iron as will enable us to compete
with foreign countries. I must disagree with
the honorable gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Boutwej>l,] who asks a diminution of
duty on coal. There is 110 occasion for im-
porting that article from Nova Scotia, as we
have an abundance in our own country to sup-
ply our New England friends and all others.
We must foster and build up our own country.
I concur with the views of the honorable gen-
tleman from Maryland, [Mr. F. Thomas,] that
the duty on coal ought to be increased. Sir,
in 1842 a tariff was passed that gave pros-
perity to our country, but unfortunately for us
in 18-1-1 James lv. Polk was elected to the presi-
dential chair, who carried Pennsylvania un-
der a deceptive flag having inscribed thereon
i "Polk, Dallas, and the tariff of 18-12," over
j the gallant and great protector of the true
American system. Ilenry Clay, and the result
| was the passage of the tree-trade tariff bill of
1846. In 1R57 another tariff bill was passed
which, if anything, was worse for those States
that abounded in coal and iron.
I tell you, sir, that Pennsylvania will not be
again deceived, for no man will get her vote
for President who is not out and out a protect-
ive tariff man. I" 1801 a new tariff bill was
passed, called the Morrill tariff, which met the
approbation of the country at the time, to which
in 1864 a supplement was added, and now we
have under consideration the tariff bill of 18CG,
reported bythe Committee of Ways and Means
through their honorable chairman, [Mr. Moit-
rii.i..]' It does not impose as high a duty on
i many articles as I should desire, yet is far from
i being a "frce-trado bill." I can fully appro-
