1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2609'
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, May 16, 1866.
Prayer by Rev. Dr. Phillips, of London,
England.
The .Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
admission of colorado veto.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the following message from the
President of the United States :
To the Senate of the United States ;
I return to the Senate, in which it originated,
the bill which has passed both Houses of Con-
gress, entitled "An act for the admission of
the State of Colorado into the Union," with
my objections to it becoming a law at this
time.
1. Prom the best information which I have
been able to obtain, I do not consider the es-
tablishment of a State government at present
necessary for the welfare-of the people of
Colorado. Under the existing territorial gov-
ernment nll_ the rights, privileges, and interests
of the citizens are protected and secured.
The qualified voters choose their own legisla-
tors and their own local officers, and are rep-
resented in Congress by a Delegate of their
own selection. They make and execute their
own municipal laws, subject only to revision
of Congress—an authority not likely to be
exercised, unless in extreme or extraordinary
cases. The population is small, some esti-
mating it so low as twenty-live thousand, while
advocates of the bill reckon tho number at from
thirty-five thousand to forty thousand souls. The
people are principally recent settlers, many of
whom are understood to be ready for removal
to other mining districts beyond the limits of
the Territory if circumstances shall render
them more inviting. Such a population can-
not but find relief from excessive taxation if
the Territorial system, which devolves the
expense of the executive, legislative, and judi-
cial departments upon the United States, is
for the present continued. They cannot but
find the security of person and property in-
creased by their reliance upon the national
executive power for the maintenance of law
and order against the disturbances necessarily
incident to all newly organized communities.
2. It is not satisfactorily established that a
majority of the citizens of Colorado desire or
are prepared for an exchange of a territorial
for a State government. In September, 1864,
under the authority of Congress, an election
was lawfully appointed and held 1'or the pur-
pose of ascertaining the views of tho people
upon that particular question. Six thousand
one hundred and ninety-two votes were cast,
and of this number a majority of 3,1-52 was
given against the proposed change. In Sep-
tember, 1805, without any legal authority, the
question was again presented to the people of
the Territory with the view of obtaining a re-
consideration of the result of the election held
incompliancc withthcactofCongress, approved
March 21,1864. At this second election 5,005
votes were polled, and a majority of 155 was
given in favor of State organization. It does
not seem to me entirely safe to receive this
last mentioned result, so irregularly obtained,
as sufficient t.o outweigh the one which had
been legally obtained in the first election. Reg-
ularity and conformity to law are essential to
the preservation of order and stable govern-
ment, and should, as far as practicable, always
be observed in the formation of new States.
3. The admission of Colorado at this time
as a State into the Federal Union appears to
m*c to be incompatible with the public interests
of the country. While it is desired that Ter-
ritories sufficiently matured should be organ-
ized as States, yet the spirit of the Constitu-
tion seems to require that there should be an
approximation toward equality among the sev-
eral States comprising the Union. No State
can have more than two Senators in Congress;
the largest State has a population of four mil-
lions, several of the States have a population
39xit Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 164.
exceeding two millions, aud many others have
a population exceeding one million.
A population of one hundred and twenty-
seven thousand is the ratio of apportionment
of Representatives among the several States.
If this bill should become a law, the people of
Colorado, thirty thousand in number, would
have in the House of Representatives one mem-
ber, while New York, with a population of four
millions, has but thirty-one. Colorado would
have in the Electoral College three votes, while
New York has only thirty-three. Colorado
would have in the Senate two rotes, while Now
York has no more.
Inequalities of this character have already
occulted, but it is believed that none have hap-
pened where the inequality was so great. When
such inequality has been allowed, Congress is
supposed to have permitted it on the ground of
some high public necessity, and under circum-
stances which promised that it would rapidly
disappear through the growth and development
of the newly admitted State. Thus, in regard
to the several States in what was formerly called
the "Northwest Territory," lying east of the
Mississippi, their rapid advancement in popu-
lation rendered it, certain that States admitted
with only one or two Representatives in Con-
gress would in a very short period be entitled
to a great increase of representation. So when
California was admitted on the ground of com-
mercial and political exigencies, it was well
foreseen that that State was destined rapidly to
become a great, prosperous, mining, and com-
mercial community. In tho case of Colorado,
1 am not aware that any rational exigency,
either of a political or commercial nature, re-
quires a departure from the law of equality
which has been so generally adhered to m our
history.
If information submitted in connection wilh
this bill is reliable, Colorado, instead of increas-
ing, lias declined in population. At an election
for members of a Territorial Legislature held in
'1861, 10,580 votes were cast. At the election
before mentioned, in 1804, the number of votes
cast was 6,192 ; while at the irregular election
held in 1805, which is assumed as a basis for
legislative action at this lime, tlic aggregate
of votes was 5,905. Sinccrcly anxious for tho
welfare and prosperity of every Territory and
State, as well as for the prosperity and welfare
of the whole Union, I regret this apparent
deelinc of population in Colorado, but it is
manifest that it is due to emigration, which is
going out from that Territory into other regions
within the United States, which either are in
fact, or are believed by the inhabitants of Col-
orado to bo, richer in mineral wealtlrand agri-
cultural resources. If, however, Colorado has
not really declined in population, another cen-
sus or another election under the authority of
Congress would place the question beyond
doubt, and cause but little delay iu the ultimate
admission of the Territory as a State, if desired'
by the people. The tenor of these objections
furnishes the reply which may be expected to
an argument in favor of the measure derived
from the enabling act which was passed by
Congress on tho 21st day of March, 1864.
Although Congress then supposed that the
condition of the Territory was such as to
warrant its admission as a State, the result of
two years' experience shows that every reason,
which existed for the institution of a territorial
instead of a State government in Colorado at
its first organization still continues in force.
The condition of the Union at the present
moment is calculated to inspire caution in
regard to the admission of -new States. Eleven
of the old States have been for some time, and
still remain, pnrepresented in Congress. It is
a common interest of all the States, as well
those represented as those unrepresented, that
the integrity and harmony+f the Union should
be restored as completely as possible, so that
all those who are expected to bear the bur-
dens of the Federal Government shall be con-
sulted concerning the admission of new States,
aud that in the mean time no new State shall
be prematurely and unnecessarily admitted to
a participation in the political power which the
Federal Government wields—not for tlte ben-
efit of any individual State or section, but for
the common safety, welfare, and happiness of
tho whole country.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, D. C., May 15, 1866.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the reconsideration of the bill. Shall
the bill pass, the objections of the President of
tho United States to the contrary notwith-
standing?
My. WADE. I move that the message bo
printed and referred to the Committee on Ter-
ritories, together with the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask, is that the proper
* Sir. FESSENDEN. T do not think it is
usual to refer a bill in this stage. It cannot
be amended.
Mr. JOHNSON, and others. Let the mes-
sage be printed and laid on the table.
Mr. WADE. If the course which is pro-
posed is unusual, and I do not know but that
it is, I will move simply tljat the message be
printed and laid on the table.
ilr. SUMNEli. Mr. President 
The J'RES 1DENTpro tempore. The motion,
is not debatable.
Mr. SUMNER. The question of printing is
debatable.
Mr. CLARK. You can call for a division
of the question.
Mr. SUMNER. I merely wish to ask why
we should not proceed to vote at once and dis-
pose of the matter.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I desire to modify the
motion of the Senator from Ohio, so that tho
bill shall bo made the order of business for
some particular hour; I am not choice about
the hour.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore,. The motion
to lay on the table, in the opinion of tho Chair,
supersedes that motion ; and it is not amend-
able in that form. The question is on the
motion of tho Senator from Ohio, that the
message and bill be laid on the table and
printed.
Tho motion was agreed to—ayes 17, noes
not counted.
relations with ecuadou.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the following message from the
President of the United States:
To the Senate (tnd House of Representatives:
I transmit to Congress a copy of a corre-
spondence between the Secretary of State and
the acting chargfi d'affaires of the United States
at Guayaquil, in the republic of Ecuador, from
which it appears that the Government of that
republic has failed to pay the first install-
ment of the award of the commissioners under
the convention between the United States and
Ecuador of the 25th November, 1862, which
installment was duo on the 17th of February
last. All debts of this character from one
Government to another are justly regarded as
of a peculiarly sacred character, and as further
diplomatic measures are not in this instance
iikely to be successful, the expediency of au-
thorizing other proceedings, in case they should
ultimately prove to be indispensable, is sub-
mitted to vour consideration.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, May 9, 1866.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that that message
of the President, with the accompanying papers,
be printed, and referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, presented a memo-
rial of the board of trustees of the Indiana
Agricultural College, praying for a modifica-
tion of the act of July 2, 1862, granting to the
several Stales a quantity of fend equal to
thirty thousand acres for each Senator arid
Representative in Congress for agricultural eol-
