1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1649
Mr. HALE. "Will the gentleman from New '
Jersey permit me to ask a question? i
Mr. iJOGKUX. V''-:. sir. !
Mr. HALE. I would ask if if is the purport ■
and meaning of the third resolution of tins ;
fierier that the Federal semtriiies should be ;
taxed; and if so, whether it would not be bet- I
terlliat the resolution should say so in express \
terms, and not leave it in language which may
be deemed ambiguous.
Mr. ROGERS. Mos-t certainly; everybody
will understand that the last resolution has
application to all classes of people. It declares
that there should be no distinction of classes
in this country, whether they own their prop-
erty in Government securities or anything else.
The resolution lies at the very foundation of
the principle which 1 have just been advocat-
ing ni the rcmaks which I have made, namely,
that equal taxation is just and right. and that
every person in this country should bear his
equal shaie of the Federal and State taxes.
I am surprised that the gentleman should
ask me whether that la.^t resolution applies to
the taxing of Federal bonds, when the very
language, "there being no privileged class,''
precludes the idea that there was any intent to
exempt from taxation any class, without regard
to the investments which tliey hold.
I take it for granted, and if there is any gen-
tleman on the ol her side of the House who will
deny the proposition I now make I am ready j
to hear him, that the Federal Government has j
the constitutional right to tax these Government j
securities which are now exempt from taxation j
by a law of Congress just as much as ithas iho !
constitutional right to tax the farm crthe loom, i
Because there is no limit in the Federal Con- i
stitution preventing the Federal Government
whenever in its judgment it sees lit in its sov- i
ereign power to lay its hands on every kind of ;
property and tax it to such an*extent as is i
deemed necessary for the protection and wel-
fare of society.
3>ut. it is said by tho^e who arc opposed to
laying any tax upon these Federal securities
that to tax them would be a breach of plighted ;
faith, a violation of a sacred contract which
thev claim has been entered into by the Fed-
eral Government and the holdeis of those secu-
rities. Sir, the Governmentncverenterediiito
any contract with any holder of these securities
that it would not tax them whenever it found
it necessary or for its interest to do so. Idler*;
is no contract botwe- n tho bond-holders and the
Government in the bonds, or in any wrningor
law thntthey shall not be taxed in future. Road
them carefully over and you will iind there no
obligation or agreement on the part of the Fed-
eral Government with the bond-holder that the
Federal Government will not tax them when-
ever in its wise judgment it may see fit.
To be sure, lows maybe passed by a State
exempting certain property from taxation in
any Stat'" or bv Congress. and by irtue of that
power these bonds were exempted at the time
they were issued : but any subsequent CYngresS
has undoubtedly the right to repeal that act.
because therein no better sealed principle of the
common law than that a Legislature has no
ricrht to pass a law which shad fie tin and con-
trol the aclion of future Legislatures on the
same subject. Suppose a Legislature should
declare that real estate in a Stat", should not be
taxed, and persons should pui chase thai e^ate
after such exemption, will any man doubt that
the Legislature mayahei. wm d tax it? This was
a nice law declaring th.it 'hose Government
securities should I)-,; exempt from taxation, and
there was noeontraet, cxuxssorimplied. ruber
in the bond or in the words of the law. whY-h
gave out to the bond-holder the idea that he
should hold thorn for al! time to come exempt
from State or Federal taxc^.
I am in favor of taxing theso bonds by the
Federal Government and of taxing them by the
States, and I offered a joint resolution eaih'in
the session in the form of a law for the purpo-e
of having them taxed, both by the Federal
Government and by the Srdcs. 1 do not pre-
tend that a State government has a right to
BOTII Coxu. 1ST BR-M. -NO. 10 l.
(six Federal securities without the consent and
authority of the Federal Government, which :
consent may be given by act of Congress. The
Federal Government, has the right to borrow
money on the credit of the Tinted States, and
the bonds and securities which it issues are
the evidences of its debt.
States cannot tax these securities without 1
the consent of Congress, because they are one
of the means used by the Government to carry
on its operations. The Federal bonus cannot
be taxed by the States, because that might in-
terfere with the operations of the General Gov- !
eminent. And in order that the States may ;i Although the Constitution of the United States,
tax them.it is necessary that the Federal Gov- i| in its intent and spirit, though not by direct
eminent should give its assent. i j pro's ision; prevents the States from taxing these
It has been settled, and I suppose no lawyer i j securities, yet Congress, as the guardian of
on either side of the Ilou.-e will deny it, in the j: that power, could delegate to the States this
Munhuid Iiniik case, in the Charleston ease, jj right of taxation. This was expressly settled
and in a case tried before the court of appeal-, in the great case lately before the court of ap-
ot the State ot Xew York, now before the Su- ]| peals of the State of Xew jJorlc. and now beforo
preine Court of the United States, thnt a State !' the Supreme Court of the United States for
And the Marvland Bank case
I any State from taxing the machinery of the
j Federal Government without its consent, be-
i cause it migfiVhv that means prevent the Gov-
i eminent iron! exercising fully its necessary
j powers.
j Mr. CONKLLNG. _ Trt the light of the very
; lucid explanation vhieh the gentleman gives,
i how could we subject the securities of the Gov-
;j eminent to_State and municipal taxation?
1 Mr. llOGEilS. 1 was just about to explain
that when the gentleman interrupted me. If
he had listened to my aigumeut attentively he
would have seen the ground which I take.
has no right to tax a Federal bank or a Federal, i final decision.
bond. no,nine* directly by thnt. name, for 'j aUo decides thnt the State of Maryland had
:! the right to lax the income derived from the
! bank, to tax the properly upon which the bank
j stood, and to tax die stockholders who owned
I the stock in ihe bank to the amount of their
| stock. The State could not tax the bank itself,
i' because the bank was one of the moans used
ir by the Federal Government to carry its own
the simple reason that the bond and bank are
one of the instrumentalities used by the Fed-
oral Government to carry ii* power into eiVect.
And although there is 310 prohibiting or re-
straining clause in the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States to pre vent the Stages from taxing these
bonds : yet from the simple fact that it was
against the spirit and intent of the Constiiu- ij functions into effect. And therefore"the spirit
lion, and would clog the natural operations of ij and intent of the Constitution of the United
the Government, and prevent it carrying its ;j States would not permit the State in any man-
functions into effect. the courts have decided : '*   
that the Staie has 110 ricrhr or authority to tax .
these bonds, without the consent, of Congress.
The court of appeals of the State of Xew
York. being composed nearly alio,author of
Republican judges. and some of the most emi-
nent and talented juries that ever sat upon a
law beneh. at iis late session decided, without
one dissenting voice, that Cougiesshada right,
if it saw ft. to authorize these States to tax
tlie-e Federal bonds. And although tlm Srate
had no authority to do it of its ovvii v diuon, yet,
whenever the Federal Government shall see
lit to delegate this right to the States, they can
carry that taxing power into effect.
The bill offered at the commencement of this
session simply proposed that the Federal Gov-
ernment shall tax the bonds one fourth of one
percent.: and that Congress shall ^ive power
to the States to lay sneh a tax upon these LYd-
eral bonds in the Slates-as the State* lay on
other kind--, of property. Is there a man here
—if so, f would Hive to see him—who will have
the audacity to rise here and say to me that
equal taxation in the abstract is not right?
Mr. COXdvLIXG. Will the gentioman from
Xew Jersey [Mr. Rogj:ius] allow me to ask a
h question?
j Mr, ilOGKRS. Cerlamly.
j] Mr. COXlvLiXG. AYsll the gentleman from
ij Xew der.-ey iniorm the [louse whether Federal
securities are exempt from taxation by three
,! of act•- ol Conare-s. or by force of the Con.ni-
;! tut ion of the United Stale-?
■j Mr. ROGERS. lYdeial bonds are exempt
! from taxation by reason ofihe Constitution of
the United States ; no1 thai the'-e is anv ex-
rl
orhn'khnc
pro ^5 ]j]'o\ iMoii in tin; e.ensnri uon
a State from taxing the bonds, but the 00
htv<^ dwided that it was agYn-t the spirit
in1 cut of the Con.-thu1: m to all ;w a Sia'n
imArieie v,hh the neeo—m
Federal G',v.'rnmoni in c
powers into oUem.
Mr. COXKLi XG-. Are
then, thai it
exempt fhoi
eomo i-ubY'.1
functions (
rrymg iis p
>(lr
11 ts
and
: to
the
ro"i
nor to clog the wheels of the Government, 011
i m any way prevent it from carrying 011 its
! lawful operations.
| Mr. COXKL1XO. If I may avail myself
; further of the \iows of the gentleman, I ask
; him whethei we are to nndcrsiand that this
; power of ('Oi)gic-s to delegate to the States
, the light to tax may properly be exercised in
' i'.-ferenc-o to bond- which were i"-sued hereto-
fore under the legislation of Congress as it
j stands, and which are now Imld by those who
j took them under the existing exemptions from
i taxation by the States
i Mr. ROGERS. Most certainly, sir; and the
[ firs? part of my argument, if the gentleman had
; ii.-tenod to it, was unsigned to meet the point
! which ihe gentleman now raise--. I maintain
^ that there is no coav, act or agreement with the
bond-holders that if the hond-h< Yh'vs would nc-
cepi the bonds, the iYdoral i Yvwuinent would
; not tax them, it is. a reeoa'nized principle of
the common law with which the learned gen-
: tleman from Xew \ or;: [Mr. 1'o:.'klixo] is as
: familiar as I am, that 110 legislative^ body, by a
mere legislative act, can tie the hands or dimin-
1 ish the])Ower of a subsequent legislature, 'i his
! principle is expressly laid dov. u by Lia^kstone:
; and it is well settled in thU coun'ry that a mere
law either of the Congro-=s of the Fnited States,
or of the Lecfi&laliuv of any Sta'.e. cannot pre-
vent, a .-u! -sevjuent CYo;_rc>s or a subsequent
Le'_rYlatio.-o trorn repealing ihat law.
Mr. COXKLsXG. i differ wiih the gentle-
men : he atiirms that a State Legislature is not
bound in any case by the action oT us prede-
cessor. In that po.-Yion the aenrif-nmn runs
counter to the Cou.Mitution of the United
■ States.
Mr. ROGERS. I say that one Legislature
cannot by a simple lav. prevent a subsequent
L^gisiet r^ iVnm vepenliir^ it.
Mr. COXiCiJX:d\ [,-iuspass ;hat point;
it is foreign to my rpuesaon. i ae point J sub-
nu! to the centleraan is w'irtaer. ne- as a ones-
to uinters
act.s which ia 1
wi;]
we repe.d
;e see'iritios. racy will tiiorc')v
! to Sti«TO ta.xaaun?
ami.
•rm-
tion 0: no
Mr. ROGiYtS. Xf«. sir: if we simply rope,tl
the law which now exempts Government seeu-
ritles from State taxation, th^ Stan.^ can no
more tax them umYr the Concha.i- n of the
United States than if thb law had nexvr b^rn
pas.-ed. There was 110 m: ae^'y for Iramia^
thiN act of Congrc-tS exerantira ilu^c bo-als
from State taxation, fertile ^impie teas-m that
the spirit and intent of the Constitution forbids
aive teat
conMdennmn ior
tit-"* moment.} bat, a <pars.mn oi good taitn
r-i the exercise of power. Congress may prop-
er'v sMvYet to State tr.xadon bonus is^iU'd here-
coib"e, and taken, paid for. and hcM umiei^an
express guarantee" beforehand of exemption
from taxation?
^lr. ROGERS. Xow. if I unYaviand the
a'emleman. he has changed the po ?;tion ue took
in the first place. Do J under,Soinu ' hs gee' >e-
1 man to say nowthat he does n <t deny that Con-
gress has the eoastinrYva.l p^v-'er t^> :YY at
. these bonds to taxation and t^ aathori/.e thd
