'170
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 16,
Ho. of Reps.
Loan Bill—Mr. Lynch.
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
fallen with the decline in sold, has upset both
theories by following gold down for a time,
and almost immediately returning to the point
at which it stood when gold was at its highest,
then falling again until it approximates old
values. Is it strange that merchandise, the
product of labor, should command high prices
m view of the enormous decrease in the pro-
ductive industry of the country for the last,
four years. In nearly one half of the country,
the entire South, the population was during
the war almost wholly changed from producers
to consumers and destroyers; and in the North
more than two and half million men, or more
than twelve per cent of its population were abso-
lutely withdrawn from the work of production
and added to the army of consumers; and in
addition there has been to an extent very great,
though incalculable, a diminution of the pro-
ductive industry of those who have not been
taken from their plows, their looms, and their
anvils, caused by the suspense, anxiety, and
excitement of the civil war.
In those four years the surplus production
of the country has boon exhausted, and the
current production has not supplied the cur-
rent demand. It is neither a redundant cur-
rency nor excessive speculation that has kept
prices at so high a standard. Look at the pres-
ent condition of trade in the great markets of
the country, merchandise and the premium on
gold both rapidly declining, not only without
contraction, but with a positive increase of
the currency. What is the true cause of this
decline which all unite in saying is not the re-
sult of a sudden fluctuation, but promises to
bo permanent? Is it not simply the fact that
the supply is increasing and the demand is fall-
ing off? The great army of consumers is be-
ing added to the class of producers, and prices
of merchandise and food must always be pri-
marily and chiefly subject to the great law of
supply and demand. It can scarcely be doubted
that prices would have been still lower and
that domestic manufacture would have sup-
plied much of the merchandise imported from
abroad had not the fear of a "tight money
market" withheld and diverted millions from
the channels of productive industry to swell
the bank deposits in the great financial centers
of the country, to be loaned on call, and kept
within reach against the day when contraction
should give it more power and value. Men
would not convert their money into cloth and
iron and ships aud railroads when all these
products of labor were to bo cheapened, while
the money had only to be kept on hand to
realize an advance in price.
Another fact which goes to show that high
prices have not been caused mainly by the
increase of the currency is that lands have ad-
vanced no more in the last five years than in
the five ycifrs preceding, showing that the ad-
vance of prices have chiefly afleeted the prod-
ucts oflabor.
In connection with this matter of contraction
I wish to press another point, and it is this:
that whenever you reduce the currency or
tighten the money market you first strike at
the price of labor. Labor is the first element
in productive industry that is affected by it. If
money becomes scarce and dear the demand
for the products of industry falls off. The man-
ufacturer not only reduces the wages of his
operatives, but ho reduces the amount of his
productions by putting his employes upon half
time. In this way the production is checked
until the surplus is exhausted and the demand
is again equal to the supply. Instead of being
diffused over the country, seeking new channels
of employment, and adding to the vigor of the
development of the resources of the country,
our capital will remain locked up in the vaults
of the commercial centers, sensitive to the
slightest influence, and in constant fear, and
the uncertainty as to the policy which may
from time to time be adopted by the head of
the Treasury. Is it not far safer and much
more legitimate to absorb the excess of pro-
duction by the development of new resources;
to absorb also the excess of currency, if there
be any, in new channels of employment; to
give the currency the freest scope of circula-
tion by creating and increasing the demand for
labor? Wealth creates wealth, and it is the
strongest evidence of financial statesmanship
and business talent if that wealth is so applied
as to add to the prosperity of the country.
Our currency then finds its proper use in de-
veloping our vast resources; in building new
railroads, canals, and factories; in replacing
our lost shipping, and in opening up the vast
mineral wealth of the nation; and in rebuild-
ing and furnishing the sinews of trade to the
whole southern country.
Let us now see how the present circulation
of the country will be affected by its natural
increase in population. '
The total amount of currency in circulation
October 81, 1865, was, according to the report
of the Secretary of the Treasury, (exclusive of
compound-interest notes,) $704,218,038, or.
about $19 32 per capita for the people of the
United States. This amount would be reduced
by our increasing population in the following
ratio: in  
Per capita.
1870 $16 63
1880  12 40
1890  9 10
1900   7 02
The ratio of circulation to the property of
the country, estimating the increase at the
same ratio as from 1850 to I860, would be as
follows : in
Per cent.
1865, about 2%
1870, "  2
1880. "  1
18110, "   lA
1900, "    %
The national bank circulation of the country
October 1, 1865, was $171,321,903, distributed
among the several sections of the country, as
follows:
Populate.
New England  3,135,283 #61,998,031 820 73
New York, Pennsylva-
nia, and New Jersey.. 7,458,985 61,595,246 8 27
Illinois, Indiana, Iowa,
Kansas, Michigan,
Minnesota., Ohio, and
Wisconsin...,.  7,881,026 37,028,883 4 69
Delaware, Kentucky,
Maryland, Missouri,
and District oi'Colum-
Ma  3,212,041 5,962,850 1 85
Louisiana, Tennessee,
Virginia, and West
Virginia  3,414,121 1,665,040 48
Thus it is seen that the circulation of the
country is very unequally distributed. It is
chiefly centered in New England and on the sea-
board, while the western and southern States
are almost bare. Assuming the same ratio of
distribution for the whole circulation of the
country, the amount per capita for the United
States averaging but $19 32, yet New England
would have the very great disproportion of $84
per capita. And what is strikingly significant
on this point is, that her business is in a most
healthy condition; her capital is legitimately
employed, and not for speculative purposes.
Franco has a circulating medium of about $30
aud Great Gritain of 32.3 per capita, and yet
we are told that $19 82 will ruin the people of
a country which has the broadest field under
the sun for the employment of capital. We
want the use of the currency now in circulation,
than which there never was better or safer, to
create now wealth; we want every hundred
thousand dollars of greenbacks to be the im-
plement and agent for extracting a million of
the precious minerals from our mountains ; we
want this currency, the representative of the
capital of the nation, to construct and equip
three great lines of railroad to the Pacific ; we
want it to enable the fertile States and Terri-
tories of the West to develop their power in the
productive industry of the country; we want
it to construct new lines of communication
whereby we may cheapen transportation from
the distant States and give our producers
greater benefits in foreign markets; in a word,
we want it because the present and future in-
terests and the rapid development of the coun-
try demand and need it.
I will refer to but one more point on this
branch of the subject. It is assumed by many
that we must have a financial revulsion be-
cause such has always been the case after an
unusual abundance of currency. People who
assume this lose sight of 4he fact that an abun-
dant supply of paper money usually indicates a
large indebtedness of the people, and that the
crash comes when they are obliged to return
their borrowed capital. The present abun-
dance of paper money results from the indebt-
edness of the Government to the people; the
people being comparatively out of debt, there
will be no crash. Comparisons of our present
condition with the financial revulsions of 1837
and 1857 fail entirely, because there is no sim-
ilarity of circumstances; the currency at those
periods was more vitiated than inflated; there
was no security for it; the people were largely
in debt. In addition to the currency afloat,
which was then the representative of the in-
debtedness of the people, there was also afloat
an enormous amount of notes—debt—which
the people owed to one another and to the
banks. The crash came when people found
that no one had any money to pay withthe
currency was not based upon the ability of a
united people represented by its Government
to pay, but upon the ability of individuals to
redeem the promises they had made to each
other. Now, the Government, representing the
entire people, pledges the faith of that whole
people to pay this national indebtedness.
Every dollar of paper money now in circula-
tion, except the insignificant amountreprescnted
by State bank circulation, is secured by amort-
gage on the whole property of the country. It
is a secured circulation, and really rests upon a
specie basis, although not immediately convert-
ible into specie, except at a discount. If the
specie is wanted it can be had and no man suf-
fers, for no holder ever received it as the equiv-
alent of specie, but at a larger discount than he
now makes in converting it into the required
coin. The gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Scofield,] who was troubled because he could
not obtain specie for his greenbacks at the
Treasury, would have found no difficulty in do-
ing so without applying to the Treasury, if he
were content to accept the amount which they
cost him. The greenbacks rest on a specie basis,
because they can be converted into bonds, the
principal aud interest of which are payable in
coin.
The terrible evils, present and prospective,
of this "irredeemable," inconvertible paper
currency are purely imaginary. The people
neither see, feel, nor believe in them ; and they
will never consent to an increase of their taxes
to the amount of $27,000,000 per annum for
the purpose of allowing the bankers of the coun-
try a monopoly of the circulation. There is
another reason why 1 am opposed to retiring
any of this currency, which is, that we want it
for supplying the southern States. That mat-
ter was alluded to by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Garfield,] in answer to the inquiry of the
gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Price,] whether
currency had not been increasing while gold
had been decreasing in value. The gentleman
from Ohio answered "that six hundred millions
of confederate currency had collapsed in a day,
and the vacuum had to be filled; so thaL while
our currency had actually increased it had di-
minished relatively, that is, in proportion to
the business of the country." Now, unless
the vacuum has been filled, which no one would
pretend, this simple statement of the gentleman
