1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
not object to the amendment of the Senator
from Connecticut; but it is a little hard, I
think, to crowd upon an original proposition
an old one which has already excited so much,
attention and been examined on its own merits.
This is a single matter, not with referenceto a
navy-yard, but to find what merit there is in
this place for the purpose named; I do nof
know that there will turn out to be any.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Connecticut.
Mr. RTDDLE. Is the amendment open to
amendment? *
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. RIDDLE. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding, after the word " Connecticut,''
the words "and New- Castle, Delaware," a
place which has been examined thoroughly by
men outside of the committee, and it is deemed
"cry appropriate for this purpose.
Air. JOHNSON. I shall vote for the origi-
nal resolution with great pleasure, and shall
vote against both the amendments, the one
proposed by the Senator from Connecticut and
the other proposed by the Senator from Dela-
ware. But there is a position, as I understand,
the examination of which perhaps will not inter-
fere in any way with a report by the com-
mission within a very limited time. At the
head of Severn river, near Annapolis, there is
an extraordinary sheet of fresh water, such as
is not to bo found, I understand, even in the
State of Maine: it is called the Round bay.
The water is perfectly fresh ; it has a depth of
some thirty and forty feet, and has capacity to
float an immense navy. What 1 desire—and
1 shall not- oiler an amendment if the honora-
ble member from Maine thinks it will interfere
in any way with his object—what I should like
to have would be to have a board examine into
that site and sav whether that would not answer
the purpose. In relation to the proposed site
at Portland, as far as I know anything about
it, and that is only from reading a letter that 1
have received from the engineer who is now-
employed on some works connected with the
harbor there, which it is supposed may be
used, I am very favorably impressed with it.
I have received a long private letter explain-
ing the exact situation of the river proposed to
be used. Without, of course, knowing a great
deal upon such matters, I have come to the
conclusion that what he proposed was very
practicable, and that the site itself would be
an admirable one for the purpose for which it
is supposed to be adapted by the resolution
proposed by the Senator from Maine; but I am
not sure that this site would not bo as good.
If the honorable member thinks it will inter-
fere in any way with his object. I shall not
offer the amendment, but shall propose it as a
separate resolution at some other time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first
question is on the amendment of the Senator
from Delaware to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Connecticut.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Th& PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Connecticut.
Mr. FOSTER. I cannot believe that this
amendment will occasion any such delay as the
Senator from Maine suggests. The officers
who go to Portland will of course pass New
London on their way if they go from this sec-
tion of country, and if they come from the
other section, and come this way, they must
pass New London. It is certainly perfectly
feasible and practicable for the officers who
may be charged with this duty at Portland
iojraake an examination at New London with
very little delay. The report in regard to
both harbors may be had instead of only onQ,
and that without any such delay as to embar-
rass the measure at all. If it shall turn out
on the examination that the officers - cannot
examine both places, and that Portland will
thereby be prejudiced, I shall be perfectly
willing, after that shall be ascertained, to aban-
don my amendment, and have the report made
leaving out New London. If it shall be as-
certained by the Senator that the officers in
charge of this work cannot make an exami-
nation of both harbors so that we can have the
comparison I shall then consent to change the
resolution, and have the harbor of Portland
examined and a report made on that alone;
but I repeat I have no idea that this exami-
nation will occasion a delay of three days. It
■will be wholly unimportant so far as the delay
to Portland is concerned, and I do think that
there can bo no injury to the Senate, to the
country, to anybody if we have this examination
so that we can compare the two harbors of
Portland and New London together, and so
decide on their relative and absolute merits.
The previous examination which has been
alluded to, so far from being a reason why this
should not be done, is a reason why it should,
and is a conclusive reason against what is now
urged by way of delay. That examination will
probably aid the officers so far in making the
present one that in a very short period of time
the examination can be made so as to be sat?
isfactory. I do hope that this amendment will
be adopted.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to strike out
that portion of the resolution which fixes any
particular place of examination, so that a
board appointed by the Navy Department shall
make an examination generally. I suppose
Senators are aware of the fact that this is a new
necessity growing out of the construction of an
iron navy. It is desirable to have fresh water
in which to float these vessels to avoid the
destruction which is incident to their being
kept continually in salt water. This subject
has never been investigated, I presume, be-
cause there has never been a necessity for the
investigation before. I cannot, however, see
the propriety of going to any one point and
that only, is it not better to say to the De-
partment, " Examine generally and ascertain
where is the best point for the floating of the
iron-clads in fresh water?" If the best point
be at Annapolis certainly that point ought to
be selected. If the best place is at Philadel-
phia that ought to bo selected. If, on the other
hand, Portland, in Maine, be the best point wc
ought to select that. Certainly a very satis-
factory examination, and such an examination
as would enable Congress to legislate upon the
subject, would be secured by a resolution au-
thorizing a general examination. Suppose a
commission go to Portland, Maine, and report
that that is a very suitable place. That report
will not inform Congress whether it is the best
location, because that commission would not
have examined the other points. It seems to
me that it is far better just to say that a. com-
mission shall be appointed to examine gener-
ally, and surely the Senator from Maine is not
afraid of that investigation, for if his plaee be
the best, then, of course, the board will select
it; if it be not the best I know that he is too
patriotic to desire its selection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Indiana will bo in
order when the present amendment shall have
been disposed of. Not being an amendment
to the pending amendment, it is not in order.
Mr. McDO UGALL. In confirmation of the
same view which the Senator from Indiana has
presented, I desire to say a word. This sub-
ject is one that has attracted the attention of
Senators and membeis of Congress for some
years past, and it is one on which there has
been great difference of opinion. I have an
opinion of my own, which has been obtained
with some carefulness. 'There is a large sheet
of fresh water that enters into Tappan bay
within sixteen or twenty miles of New York
city; and that, with a dam and locks, can be
made to float, in fresh water, a navy, convenient
to business, convenient to the service. It is
my impression, not altogether my conviction,
bnt my impression, that that is the true point
kin which to locate the place where iron-clads
are to be taken care of in fresh water when
not needed on the ocean. , .
I think, however, the matter should he care-
fully inquired into by competent officers, who
will regard the public service .and- not local
interests. Of course, in this I have no local
interest, but my attention was called to all
these points long since, and I made it some-
what a matter of study; and my impression js
that Tappan bay, above New-York city, on the
Hudson, is the most convenient, and would
be the best point for this particular service. I
am told by engineers that with a dam and
locks, at small expense to the Government,
fresh water enough to float a navy can be had,
right there, convenient to all the machine-shops
and to all the works of the first city of the
Union. My impression is that that would be
the best place; but I should like to have it
inquired into by men who profess to under-
stand this business as a scienec. I think it
should be done. It is customary, in careful
legislation, to have commissions appointed
about questions of this kind, commissions of
men of particular skill in their particular
department; and I think a commission should
be sent out to examine, and their report should
be received as authority on the subject. It
would govern me. I would not like to be'gov-
erned entirely by my own particular opinions,
for my information is not so extended as I
should desire to have it in order to feel that I
am perfectly informed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no doubt many
Senators have places in their eye, and are very
learned on this subject. I do not profess to
know anything about it. It is not a matter
upon which I have an opinion with reference to
what should be the place. I only say that at
present there is a large public work going on
at Portland, which is to go on whether this
basin shall bo made there or not—a work
undertaken by a private company. The engi-
neer of that work, a man of great experience
and skill, known, I believe, to the honorable
Senators from Michigan, lias given the opinion
that at a very small expense this thing can be
accomplished there. Whether it can or not, I
do not profess to know. As I stated before, I
have made every effort to get some informa-
tion on the subject, to let somebody look at it
who was capable of judging, and wlio was an
officer of the Government—-just to that extent,
no more—and make a report. I have utterly
failed, because the Secretary of the Navy will
not look at any place except League Island.
That is the fact about it. He will not even
permit the Department or himself or anybody
else to have any information on the subject
This work is going on there day after day, and
the facts can be ascertained. I do not know,
oven if this basin could be made at Portland
and made at a slight expense, that it would be
the proper place; I do not pretend to say that
it would be. I merely want an examination
made and the evidence with regard to it placed
before the Department and before Congress
that we may have the use of it.
With that view, as it is very late in the ses-
sion, and I want the report to come in at this
session, I ask simply for the appointment of
this commission. My friend from Connecti-
cut, who has had New London examined and
treated of, wishes to put New London on here.
Anybody can see what the result must be. It
will probably take a week to make a thorough
examination of this place, and then the report
is to bo made ; but if they are to go from that
to New London, it will take just double the
time, and if then to some other place the time
is just so much increased. We are nowgetting
toward the close of the session, and we can get
the testimony with regard to Portland at this
session. I do not wish ,the resolution to b©
embarrassed by these other places which gen-
tlemen have had ample opportunity to investi-
gate for themselves, and to offer their own res-
olutions and accomplish their own purposes;
but they have not chosen to do that, and instead
of taking that course they wait until a proposi-
