1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
in
39th Cong.. .IstSess,
Reconstruction—Mr. Grider.
Ho. of Reps.
pretty effectually disposes of his argument in
favor of contraction. This whole southern-coun-
try is to be rebuilt, and with capital drawn from
the North, unless a contraction of our money
market drives her people to Europe to borrow.
The money will be loaned upon mortgages, and
repaid by the annual crops of the country and
by its developed wealth. Whether this capital
shall be British gold or United States green-
backs, depends upon the state of our money
market. If we give them the paper money of
the country, we make every man who has a dol-
lar of it in his pocket interested to that extent
in the Government, and in sustaining its credit.
If we drive them to Europe by our inability to
supply them, we alienate them from us, and
allow them to identify their interests with those
of our enemies. Every day's experience goes
to prove that our true financial policy is to go
on and provide for the maturing obligations of
the Government, without contracting or dis-
turbing the currency of the country, which is
the life-blood of its commerce. Let it alone,
and it will flow where it is wanted, and find
ample field for employment. Let us confer nof
authority upon the Secretary to contract this
currency; its contraction should neither be
threatened by the Government nor appre-
hended by the people.
Reconstruction.
SPEECH OF HON. HENRY GRIDER,
01' kentucky,
In the House of Representatives,
March 24, 1866.
The House, as in Committee of the "Whole on the
state of the Union, resumed the consideration of the
President's anffual message.
Mr. GRIDER. Mr. Speaker, as I am a
member of the reconstruction committee, it is
perhaps my duty, much as I feel disinclined,
briefly to express and sustain my convictions
ill relation to its formation, powers, and action,
as well as the action of Congress under it, now
made exciting and of high interest and import,
not only in Congress but throughout the whole
country ; involving questions until recently un-
assailed and always vital to constitutional free-
dom. We have had a most grievous and deso-
lating war, and without stopping to dwell upon
its disasters, its fearful visitations in the camp,
the field, and the family circle, I proceed at
once to show that the Federal Government had
the express right granted in the Constitution
'1 for calling forth the militia to execute the laws
of the Union, suppress insurrections, and re-
pel invasions" as the best hope of restoring
peace and saving the Government in its integ-
rity. This great beneficent end, so far as the
insurrection is involved, has been accomplished,
while it is to be regretted many wrongs and
errors have been superinduced, wholly discon-
nected with the great end, the preservation of
the Union.
The object of the war was conceded by all
the authorities of the Government, and espe-
cially aptly set forth in the resolution of Mr.
Crittenden, of the House, and President John-
son, then of the Senate, with scarcely a dissent-
ing voice in either House or Senate, that the
war, "forced upon the General Government
without cause by the disunionists, should not
be waged on the part of the Government in
any spirit of oppression or for any purpose of
conquest or subjugation, or purpose of over-
throwing or interfering with the rights or estab-
lished institutions of any of the States, free or
slave, but to defend and maintain the suprem-
acy of the Constitution, and to preserve the
Union with all the dignity, equality, and rights
of the several States unimpaired; and as soon
as these ends are accomplished the war ought
to cease.'' The war has ceased. One end to
be accomplished was to keep up the dignity,
equality, and rights of the several States un-
impaired. The insurrection is suppressed.
How stand the several States? What is their
relation to one another and the United States?
We shall undertake to show. They are cer-
tainly not Territories, conquered provinces, out
of- the Union, without the dignity and equality
of the several States. They could not go out
of the Union. If they had this right, then the
General Government made war upon them
wrongfully, and the Constitution giving this
power to the General Government to maintain
its own integrity by suppressing the insurrec-
tion is a nullity, wholly inoperative. Such can-
not be the case. They must be in the Union
or out of the Union. They went into insurrec-
tion to get out of the Union and form a sepa-
rate government and failed. Then the insur-
rectionary States are under the Constitution
and laws, where they were before the insurrec-
tion, with all the dignity, equality, and rights
of the several States unimpaired so far as their
status and representation are concerned.
But if this new and startling question is raised
against the equality and rights of States, and
against representation thereof, how is it to
be decided? By the Supreme Court? Or by
the Secretary of War? Or by the Senate and
House? Or by the joint committee on recon-
struction? We think not; this would be ridic-
ulous; we believe such authorities, or their
interposition, advice, or interference are alike
uninvited and unwarranted, whether by law,
joint resolution, or otherwise, you'interpose
any interference whatever. From long ac-
knowledged principle and practice I hold that
the House is exclusively the judge of its own
members under the explicit terms of the Con-
stitution, in these words, " Each House shall be
the judge of the elections, returns, and quali-
fications of its own members." Any inter-
ference with the jurisdiction and action of the
House exclusively to settle this question, is as
absurd as to mingle and control the action of
one court by the members, action, and inter-
ference of a different court of other powers,
duties, and jurisdiction; and its tendency is to
overwhelm all principle and condense power
somewhere to subserve the end of those too
foud to amend our fundamental and paramount
law and place all the agencies of the Gov-
ernment in the hands of a fickle and variable
majority. We must hav«f^a fixed rule; that
rule is clearly set forth in the Constitution, and
all are interdicted and excluded in their action
but the House. The House by the Constitu-
tion is further invested, two thirds concurring,
with the power to purify itself and expel mem-
bers, showing that all laws, conditions, re-
straints, and interference with the House is
uninvited and unconstitutional.
1 had the honor to refer the following reso-
lutions to the committee on reconstruction,
which I here quote, expressive of some of the
principles upon the subject now under consid-
eration :
Resolved, ThattheUnitedStatesGovernmentgrants
the power peaceably, or if necessary by arms, " to en-
force the laws, suppressinsurrection, and repel inva-
sion ;" but the General Government cannot by any
action whatever destroy itself nor the State govern-
ments, nor can the State governments destroy cither,
or legally disturb the harmony of the whole. All the
grants and powers under the Constitution are con-
servative, none destructive; wherefore all the States
have been and are always in the Union.
Revolved, That when the United btates Government
suppressed the insurrection it only vindicated its con-
stitutional power and preexisting rights, and no more;
and tho rights and powers of the Federal and State
governments are all remitted back and assume tho
same condition and relations sustained before the in-
surrection, and (except so far as altered or amended)
remain unimpaired and in full force and virtue.
Resolved, That the law of Congress apportioning
• Representatives to the several States (including the
• insurrectionary States) under the census of 1860 is
' constitutional and valid, and that members ot Con-
gress from all the States, regularly elected under said
law, are entitled forthwith to their seats upon taking
the oath of office to support the Constitution 01 the
United States. , . , , ,
Resolved, That as a generous kindness and cordial
forgiveness consistent with right, now peace exists,
are tho highest attributes of our nature, and as we
must have " one Government, one Constitution, ana
one people," the glory, protection, and safety of all-
cherishing these feelings, we say it is untimely, un-
just, and impolitic to insist upon amendments to the
Constitution to operate upon all until all are repre-
sented in the House and Senate.
Mesolved, That it is illogical and unconstitutional
to hold that States are in the Union to vote for con-
stitutional amendments and yet not entitled to rep-
resentation in Congress.
Resolved, That to tax any State by Congress and re-
fuse to the people representation is contrary to the
first principles of the American Government, and is
inconsistent with the constitutional and equal rights
of all the people.
I beg leave to support the first and second
resolutions by the opinions of some learned
men and courts. Reconstruction is a wrong
word. The Union has always existed; there
has been a temporary suspension of law, in par-
ticular States and places, but that law is now
again in force as before.
In the case of the Amy "Warwick, in admi-
ralty, Judge Sprague of Massachusetts, said:
"It has been supposed that if the Government have
the rights of a belligerent, then, after the rebellion is
suppressed, it will have the rights of conquest; that
a State and its inhabitants may be permanently di-
vested of all political privileges and treated as for-
eign territory acquired by arms. This is an error, a
grave and dangerous error. Belligerent rights can-
not be exercised where there are no belligerents.
Conquest of a foreign country gives absolute, unlim-
ited sovereign rights, but no nation ever makes such
a conquest of its own territory. If a hostile power,
either from without or within, take and hold posses-
sion and dominion over any portion of its territory,
and the nation by force of arms expel and overthrow
the enemy and suppress hostilities, it acquires no new
title, butmerelyregains the possession ofthat of which
i,t had been temporarily deprived. The nation ac-
quires no new sovereignty, but merely maintains its
previous rights.
" When the United States take possession of a rebel
district, they merely vindicate their preexisting title.
Under despotic Governments the right of confiscation
may be unlimited; but under our Government the
right of sovereignty over any portion of a State is
given and limited by the Constitution, and will be the
same after the war as it was before."
Judge Comstock says, in relation to the States
in insurrection, that—
" The States are always members of the Union un-
der the Constitution, with all the rights and immu-
nities reserved in the compact; the armed insurrec-
tion of individuals being suppressed, the Constitution
and laws resume their peaceful sway, ti^ Union re-
mains unbroken, and all the laws and institutions of
slavery remain as they were before, unimpaired, and
in full force and vigor."
And Judge Curtis remarks, when the insur-
rection is suppressed:
"That the McClellan policy of receiving the south-
ern States back to their places in the Union as they
were before they left it is the only policy that affords
the slightest prospect of peace and reunion, with the
Constitution preserved, with our nationality saved,
and with the public credit rescued from destruc-
tion."
Judge Williams, of the court of appeals of
Kentucky, (4 Metcalf's Reports, last case in the
book,) says, upon this yery question, coming
up incidentally—and he lias been classed with
radical politicians—
"That on a restoration of the national authority
over the seceded States, their constitution and laws
which existed and were recognized by the Federal
Government previous to the rebellion become oper-
ative as part of the national Government; that the
States cannot constitutionally, by legislative, exec-
utive. or judicial action, destroy the United States
Government, nor can they constitutionally destroy it
by force of arms; nor can the United States consti-
tutionally destroy a State government by any or all
of these means."
Mr. Speaker, I ask to be indulged to quote
once more upon this subjcct from Judge Nich-
olas, of Kentucky:
" Nothing short of success in the rebellion can get
the rebel States out of the Union. They have, there-
fore, to be treated while the rebellion lasts, and after
it is subdued, as States in the Union. .Nothing can
be more irrational than to suppose a power m Con-
gress either to expel the rebel States or permanently
to exorcise despotic rule over tbem while the Consti-
tution prohibits even the nation from depriving them
by constitutional amendment, from their equal sat-
frage in the Senate.' If there is anything equally
irrational, it is the absurd attempt todeduce from the
clause 'guarantying to every State a republican term
of government* a power in Congress to impose upon
a State a government that is not republican, inis
would bo a plain breach of the guarantee under pre-
text of its fulfillment. A permanent form ot govern-
ment, dictated by Congress or any extraneous power,
was certainly not intended, as it would ccrtainly not
be republican or self-government. After the rebel-
lion is subdued (and it now is) the nation will not
