THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
. February 1,
the reverse is the case. In North Carolina, in
1860, the illiterate persons of native birth were
74,877, while those of foreign birth were but
100. Jn Alabama the illiterate of native birth
were 37,302, while those of foreign birth were
•2-,663.
' The total number of illiterate foreigners in
the United States in 1860 was 342,917; while,
J am sorry to say, those born under our insti-
tutions, and unable at the age of twenty years
teuead and write, were 884,106.
Let us however, set aside the foreign infu-
sion altogether, and divide the illiterate accord-
ing to the natural divisions of the country.
The results are as follows:
_ iVo. of illiterate Total
, Section. of native birth. population.
.New England States  8,543 3,135,283
Middle States   93,533 7,571,101
Southern States   546,177 12,128,078
"Western States, (Ohio, Indiana,
Illinois, and Kansas) 146,321 5,509,096
Northwestern States,(.Michigan,
Iowa, Minnesota, and Wiscon-
sin   24,791 2,371,930
Pacific States  12,709 432,459
A comparison of these figures leads to some
surprising results. If, for instance, the ratio
oftheNew England Statesheldgood, we should
have less than 80,000 native-born illiterate
persons in the United States instead of the
834,000 wo" now have. In other words, the il-
literate native voters of the countiy would be
loss than40,000, instead of beingover 400,000!
On the other hand, we find that the southern
States have a population about equal to the
middle and western States combined, while the
number of illiterate in the former is 545,177, as
against 241,854 in the latter; and this not in-
cluding the vast number of illiterate freedmen
in the South, who would make the dispropor-
tion still greater. So that the South outnum-
bers in illiterate the most unfavorable portions
of the North more than two to one.
As compared with the New England States
the disproportion is still more striking. At the
ratio of New England the southern States should
have but 34,000 illiterate persons; as it is the
number is 545,177.
The whole United States, with a population
of 27,000,000, contains 8:i4,106 illiterate per-
sons, and of these 545,177 are found in the
southern States with a population of 12,000,000.
In other words, the entire populous North con-
tains but 288,023, while the sparsely settled
South contains 545,177.
Who can fail to sec in this vast disproportion
the cause ol'the rebellion? In the language of
Henry Ward Beecher :
" As upon tho coast you can traeo the line between
the dark and treacherous sea on the 0130 hand, and
tho firm and trusty land on the other, hy the row of
light-houses: so you etui markbetweon tho deep, dain-
ntililo wickedness of treason and tho s\ipernal luster
of patriotism by tho line ol school-houses."
Now, Mr. Speaker, 1 put it to this House,
and through it to tho whole people of the coun-
try, North and South, whether this slate of
things is to continue. This is not a political
question. It rises above the level of polities
and directly affects the welfare of all the people
and the life of the nation itself.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. Idesiretoasktliegentle-
man if, notwithstanding all that ignorance, he
wants to add to it by allowing the colored popu-
lation to vote.
Mr. DONNELLY. In answer to that I will
say that I have offered an amendment which
provides that it shall be the principal duty of
the Ereedmen's Bureau to educate that negro
population and so fit them eventually fur the
right of suffrage. And the amendment at the
same time leaves tho door open for white refu-
gees. So that while I am stating an evil I am
proposing a remedy.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. Is the gentleman in favor
• of allowing the right of suffrage to the colored
people in the southern States at this time ?
Mr. DONNELLY. Whenthatquestioncomes
up for action I shall be prepared to express an j
opinion. In the mean time I will say that I am |
prepared to follow the course indicated by the |
distinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania j
[Mr. SievexsJ in his remarks on yesterday, !
that we must first prepare and fit the people of
the South for the*right of suffrage by the edu-
cation of the mind of the South.
Now, having answered the question of the
gentleman in reference to that portion of our
population that throughout the war sympathized
with the cause of the Union, I will ask him a
question. Is he prepared to extend the right
of suffrage to that portion of the population
that constantly fought against the Union and
sought to destroy it, and who, as I have shown
by these statistics, are, the great bulk of them,
equally ignorant with the blacks ? I would like
an answer from the gentleman.
Mr. ROUSSEAIJ. I was engaged in con-
versation when the gentleman asked his ques-
tion. Will he propound it again ?
Mr. DONNELLY. T have answered the
gentleman in regard to giving the right of vot-
ing to the black population who sustained the
cause of the Union with their sympathy, with
material aid, and to the number of nearly two
hundred thousand by arms, but who, I admit,
are ignorant. I now ask the gentleman if ho is
willing that the equally ignorant white popula-
tion of the South who were opposed to the
Union shall be invested at once with the right
of suffrage ?
Mr. ROUSSEAU. I am in favor of allowing
those to vote who have been engaged in the re-
bellion against the Government, provided they
have been pardoned by the Executive and are
now for the Government.
Mr. DONNELLY. I would ask the gentle-
man, as a question of principle, whether an ex-
ecutive pardoii is able to change the minds and
hearts of men ? Whether a rebel with a pardon
in his pocket is not just as rank a rebel as
before he received it?
Mr. ROUSSEAU. I would ask the gen tl em an
whether he has ever done anything more than
make speeches to put down tho rebellion?
Mr. DONNELLY. 1 will answer that ques-
tion by saying that when this great civil war was
in its full strength, and the great political issue
was whether this Union should be maintained
by the reelection of Abraham Lincoln to the
presidential chair, I did yeoman scrvice to se-
cure that result; which, more than anything
else, more than armies o'r battles, tended to
crush out the rebellion, by proving distinctly to
tho South that the cause of the South was for-
ever hopeless. 1 hold that the man who fought
copperheads is entitled to as much credit as
the man who fought rebels.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. J desire to ask the gen-
tleman whether he sustains the policy of Abra-
ham Lincoln and Andrew Johnson.
Mr. DONNELLY. I do adhere to the policy
of Abraham Lincoln, as [ understand it, and
of Andrew Johnson as I approve it.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. How much of Andrew
Johnson's policy does the gentleman approve?
Mr. DONNLLLY. So mnch as tends to the
preservation of the Union and the maintenance
of the liberty and equal rights of every man liv-
ing under the shadow of our flag.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. I ask the gentleman
whether he does not approve of Andrew John-
son's policy so far as tho gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. StevexsJ approves of it.
Mr. DONNELLY. I approve of Andrew
Johnson's policy as enunciated in his speech at
Nashville, in which he told the black men that
if they had no other Moses he would be their
Moses. [Applause.] I ask the gentleman
whether he appiores that portion of Andrew
Johnson's policy.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. If any man wants to be
a Moses in behalf of the colored raec, I am in
favor of his assuming that character.
Mr. DONNELLY. 1 will ask whether tho
gentleman wants Andrew Johnson to be such
a Moses ?
Mr. ROUSSEAU. Certainly, when it is ne-
cessary. Will that gratify the gentleman?
Mr. DONNELLY. It will gratify me and
tho country too.
But, to proceed with the remarks I was
making when interrupted. If, sir, this en ormous
growth of ignorance is to continue we can meet
with no fate save that which has overtaken too
many of the free Governments of the world.
We cannot count upon our representative sys-
tem. The struggle we have gone through shows
too "plainly that reforms must originate with the
people. The people may be converted, the rep-
resentatives never. They are precisely what
the people behind them are, and no more. If
the people are ignorant, they will have dema-
gogues for their representatives.
The preservation of this Government through
themany dangers that have encompassed it since
its birth I look upon as the marvel of modern
times. The hand of God is plainly visible in
it. Let us do our part now to prepare the way
for the mighty fnture that awaits us. There is
no loftier task on earth.
We cannot leave the population of the South,
white or black, in the condition they are now
in. We must educate them. When you de-
stroy ignorance you destroy disloyalty; for what
man with a free, broad scope of mind, and with
a knowledge of all the facts, can fail to love this
just, benevolent, and most gentle Government?
Let us turn, then, to the next consideration.
What eliance is there for the black man in the
South without the intervention of this bureau ?
We have liberated four million slaves in ther
South.
It is proposed by some that we stop right here
and do nothing more. Such a course would be
a cruel mockery.
These men are without education, and morally
and intellectually degradedby centuries of bond-
age. They have neither the arts nor the knowl-
edge nor the power of combination to protect
themselves against the superior race from whose
grasp they have just, been forcibly wrested.
That race did not willingly yield them up ; to
abandon them to their former masters would bo
to consign them once more to inevitable slavery.
Tho master would have every inducement to
reenslave his former bondsman, and not a sin-
gle barrier would stand in his way.
But it may be said the amendment to the
Constitution prohibiting slavery would protect
them. Sir, a grand abstract declaration, un-
enforced by the arm of authority, is not a pro-
tection.
But gentlemen seem to forget that slavery is
not confined to any precise condition. Every
country tolerating slavery has affixed to it con-
ditions peculiar to itself. The old Roman sla-
very was in many essentials different from the
southern institution; and modern slavery has
presented many different phases.
Slavery consists in a deprivation of natural
rights. A man may be a slave for a term of
years as fully as though he were held for life;
he may be a slave when deprived of a portion
of the wages of his labor as fully as if deprived
of all; he may be held down by unjust laws to
a degraded and defenseless condition as fully
as though his wrists were manacled; he may be
oppressed by a convocation of masters called
a Legislature as fully as by a single master.
In short, he who is not entirely free is neces-
sarily a slave.
What has the South done for the black man
since the close of the rebellion?
Let us examine the black codes of the differ-
ent States adopted since that time.
In South Carolina it is provided that all male
negroes between tivo and twenty, and all fe-
males between two and eighteen, shall be bound
out to some "master." The adult negro is
compelled to enter into contract with a master,
and the district judge, not the laborer, is to lix
the value of the labor. If he thinks the com-
pensation too small and will not work, he is a
vagrant, and can bo hired out for a term of ser-
vice at a rate again to be fixed by the judge.
If a hired negro leaves his employer he forfeits
his wages for the whole year.
The black code of Mississippi provides that
no negro shall own or hire lands in the State;
that he shall not sue nor testify in court against
a white man: that he must be employed by a
master before the second Monday in January,
or he will be bound out—in other words, sold
into slavery; that if he runs away the master
