2612
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
tion is made with regard to one place and then
try to load it down with theirs. I do not like
that kind of practice. I do not think it. is
exactly the way we ought to treat each other.
Now, as to the suggestion which the honora-
bleSenatorfromlndiana makes, that will defeat
the resolution altogether; and i suppose that is
what he is driving at. It just makes a general
roving commission to go all over the country and
examine all the territory of the U nited States and
see where a place can be found. The result is
perfectly manifest. The proposition is very
plausible and very smooth, like everything else
that roy honorable friend from Indiana does ;
bat if you look through it, you see What the
result is. We shall get no information, prob-
ably for years, on the subject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER,(Mr. Pomeroy
in the chair.) The morning hour having ex-
pired, it becomes the duty of the Chair to call
tip the unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. SHERMAN. What is the unfinished
business?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ It is the bill
(H. R. No. 261) making appropriations for the
consular and diplomatic expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June 30, 1S07, and
for other purposes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let that bill come up.
.take the vote upon it. T want to go on with
the appropriation bill. I should object to any
body else proceeding, and therefore I shall not
ask thatthis resolution be proceeded with now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. House bill
No. 261 is before the Senate.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I merely wish to sug-
gest that the amendment I proposed to the
amendment of the Senator from Connecti-
cut 
The PRESIDING OFFICER.^ That ques-
ion is not before the Senate at this time.
Mr. McDO UGALL. i only wish to present
it, that by the courtesy of the Senate it may be
considered as before the body.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It may be
received by unanimous consent.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I ask the Secretary
to read it as an amendment to the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, The amend-
ment of the Senator from California^ will be
received and will be read when the joint reso-
lution is again before the Senate.
Mr. HARRIS. Before the_ appropriation
bill is proceeded with, I desire to make a
-reoort from a committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The consu-
lar and diplomatic appropriation hill is before
the Senate, but by unanimous consent the Chair
I should oppose anybody else going on with <j will receive reports and other morningbusiness.
any business that would interfere with that;
and therefore I shall not ask that the -appropri-
tion bill belaid aside forthe purpose of dispos-
ing of this resolution.
Sir. GRIMES. I wish to say one wor.d ; not
on the subject of this resolution, but in justice
to the Secretary of the Navy. According to
my construction of the law and the duties of the
Secretary of the Navy, he had no more author-
ity to comply with the request of the Senator
from Maine than I have. Suppose I had gone
to the Senator from Maine, when he was Sec-
retary of the Treasury, and asked him to send
an engineer to the town where I live, for the
purpose of selecting a proper site to establish
a custom-house. We have got a surveyor of
customs there, but no appropriation has ever J
been made for the establishment of a custom- ij
house, and Congress has never contemplated j
any such thing. If I had made such a propo- I
sition he would have laughed at me. But the !|
gravamen of the charge, I believe, is that the jj
Secretary of the Navy will not interfere "with |j
anything or listen to anythingas long as League |
Island is under consideration. What evidence j
is there of that? Did the Secretary tell the
Senator from Maine so ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. He told another gen- i
tleroan so. I have it in a letter that he so stated. [
Mr. GRIMES. He told another gentleman, |
who told another gentleman so, who wrote the
Senator from Maine so. That is the kind of
information we have. As I said when I rose,
I have nothing to say in regard to this propo-
sition, but simply to say, in justice to the Sec-
retary of the Navy, that I think he had no more
authority to detail an engineer—he had not
any engineer, in the first place 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then you .do not agree
with him on that point.
Mr. GRIMES. He had not any engineer
for any such purpose as this. There is an
engineer stationed in the Bureau of Yards and
Docks, an engineer who superintends the con-
struction of buildings, but no engineer who is
capable, so far as I know, and judging from
what I know, I doubt whether lie is capable
even to perform the duties he is assigned to
perform, no one capable of catering upon the !
investigation of any such grave subject as is 1
proposed by this resolution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. .Wish to say one word
in reply to that. The Secretary of the Navy
• made no such point to me. He did not state
that he had no authority to do this, nor did he
even suggest it.
Mr. CONNESS. As this resolution is now \
before the Senate, I hope we shall get a vote
upon >t before the appropriation bill is taken up.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would rather not
RIIPOllTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. HARRIS, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom was referred the
memorial of William Syphax, praying to be
confirmed in his title to,a tract of land in the
Arlington estate, (so-called,) Virginia, granted
to his mother by the late G. W. P. Custis in
the year 1862, reported a bill (S. No. 821) for
the relief of Maria Syphax ; which was read
and passed to a second reading.
Mr. CLARK. The Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of D. D.
Sublett, praying for compensation for services
rendered in taking the eighth census in the
county of Morgan, State of Kentucky, have
directed me to make an adverse report thereon,
lhere being power to pay the claim at the De-
partment. I move that the report be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, from the Committee
on Pensions, to whom was referred a bill (IT.
R. No. 462j grantiftg pension to Mrs. Sally
Andrews, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Mrs. Sarah E.
Brewer, praying for an extra pension in con-
sequence of the loss of her husband and two
sons in the Army, reported adversely thereon,
there being no proof to sustain the prayer of
the petitioner, and asked to be discharged from
its further consideration ; which was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred a
bill (S. No. 206) to incorporate the America
Fire and Marine Insurance Company of Wash-
ington, District of Columbia, reported it with-
out amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (S. No. 178) to incorporate
the Metropolitan Mining and Manufacturing
Company, reported it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (H. R. No. 558) to amend
the charter of the Washington Gas-Light Com-
pany, reported it without, amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
Joseph W. J. Holmes, sr., praying for com-
pensation for property destroyed in Columbia,
South Carolina, by the United States forces
under General Sherman, submitted an adverse
report thereon; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SPRAGUE, from the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia, to whom was j
referred the petition of James S. Fish, and |
others, of the home guard of Rockcastle and !
Lincoln counties, in Kentucky, praying for j
compensation for services rendered during the^i
threatened raid of the rebel John Morgan in
1862, submitted a report accompanied by a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 94) providing for the pay-
ment of certain Kentucky militia forces. 'The
joint resolution was read and passed to a
second reading, and the report was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. YATES, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred a bill (S.
No. 290) to incorporate the National Life and
xlccident Insurance Company of the District
of Columbia, reported it without amendment.
PASSPORTS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The'Commiltee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the hill (H.
R. No. 568) to repeal section twenty-three of
chapter seventy-nine of the acts of the third
session of the Thirty-Seventh Congress, re-
lating to passports, have had it under consid-
eration, and have directed mo to report it back
with an amendment; and as it is a short bill,
I ask that it be put on its passage. It will take
but a moment.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill, which repeals section twenty-
three of an act entitled ''An act making ap-
propriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30,1864,
and for the year ending the 30th of June, 1863,
and for other purposes."
The Committee on the Judiciary reported
the bill with an amendment, to add at the end
of the bill, " and hereafter passports shall be
issued only to citizens of the United States.''
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The amendment was ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read the third time.
It was read the third time and passed.
DIRECT TAX IN WEST VIRGINIA.
Mr. "VAN WINKLE. I am directed by the
Committee on Finance, to whom was referred
the joint resolution (S. R. No. 90) to suspend
temporarily the collection of the direct tax
within the State of West Virginia, to report it
back without amendment and recommend its
passage; and as the mischief intended to be
cured is now going on, I should be glad if the
Senate would indulge me with the present con-
sideration of the resolution; it can occupy but
a moment or two at most..
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. The circumstances
which have led me to introduce this resolution
are briefly these: at the time this direct tax
was imposed, the State of West Virginia was
not in existence; nevertheless we admitted the
obligation of the tax to be laid upon our lands.
Commissioners were appointed to collect the
tax in the State of Virginia, and they have been
operating for some time. We have had no
notice of any intention to collect that tax
within our limits, and as late as the 4th of
this month the commissioners appointed by
the State of Virginia have issued a notice re-
quiring the people in a certain district of West
Virginia to pay their tax£s at once. Several
of the counties within that district are those
that have been most devaslnted by the war;
and the Legislature of West Virginia at its late
session remitted and released the Slate tax for
four years on that very district. But. sir, we
have a claim, as the Senate will remember,
against the United Stales amounting to twice
as much as our share 'of the direct tax, and in
the bill which has already passed the Senate
for the payment of that claim, it is provided
that our share of the direct tax of the old Slate,
of Virginia is to be deducted from the amount
found dire us. 'This collection is producing a
great deal of distress in those counties. As I
have already said, they are the counties in Ihe
State which are perhaps least able to bear it,
although T presume the process will go on.
