1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
39tii Cong.... 1st Ssss.
New York Contested Election—Mr. Marshall.
Ho. of Eeps.
uttered here goes as a healing balm to the
wounded spirit of our people, and is as wel-
come as the olive branch brought by the re-
turning dove to the ark.'' Loyally is manifested,
perhaps, better by the payment, of taxes, will-
ingly and without murmur, than any other
duty 5 and in West Tennessee, where there is
said to be, by some, slight disaffection, most
disloyalty, Memphis, had, in January, 1866,
with others in first district, paid $2,842,747 81.
I think this looks like obedience to the laws
of 1863-64. I beg leave to read a few extracts
from the testimony to suit my argument and
views, and do not intend to be charged with
garbling the testimony as it is ordered to be
published largely, I fear for party purposes;
but I still deny that anything can be found,
taking the spirit and intent or the testimony,
to show the members and Senators from Ten-
nessee are not, according to this very unusual
and unwarranted process, entitled to their seats
by the decision of any authority, especially
of the Senate and House separately, and unin-
fluenced by extraneous influences. Among
other things Hon. Mr. Leftwich says:
44 It is the opinion of myself, as well as of most of the
best informed with whom I have talked, (among theui
our lamented President Lincoln,) that, notwithstand-
ing so many of our people were subsequently, by va-
rious influences, forced into the rebellion, the election
in Tennessee in February, 1861, was, and is, the true
criterion of theloyaltyof ourStatc; atwhich wegave
a majority, as I remember, of sixty-five thousand
against 4 separation,' (thought to be a more palata-
ble term than 'secession,') and nearly that number
against even calling a convention to discuss it.
"When Mr. Johnson assumed tho presidential chair
he was more odious to the southern people and more
feared by them than any man now in the North; yet
he is now by these same people as universally beloved
and honored, just in return for evidencing a kind and
forgiving spirit."
Hon. Mr. Cooper says, among other things:
"I can say fearlessly, from an intimate personal
acquaintance with the people of the fourth congres-
sional district, composed ofthecounties of Rutherford,
Cannon, Coffey, Franklin, Lincoln, Giles, Marshall,
and Bedford, and which I have the honor to claim to
represent, and where there are no Federal soldiers,
and have not been any, exceptin Rutherford county,
since the 1st of July, 1865, that peace^and quiet and
complete obedience to law prevail. No difficulties of
any kind; law and order are everywhere observed.
The United States assessors and collectors visit every
part of thedistrictunguardedand alone: are promptly
paid and kindly treated. The United States marshal
needs no military force to enable him to do his duty.
The white men and freedmen live harmoniously to-
gether. Contracts are made between them, liberal,
just, and satisiactory, and are faithfully performed
by both parties. No complaints are being made. All
recognize the Government of the United states as the
supreme law of the land. They most earnestly desire
to ne once more fully restored to the benefits of its
protection, so that they can once more feel that they
are American citizens.
"I fully believe that the United States troops might
be withdrawn any day, and the present State gov-
ernment would be protected and guarded until the
expiration of its termwithoutmolestationordanger.
It seems to me that the people feel the necessity of
peace and law and order, and they intend to have it.
"The Legislature has passed all laws necessary for
the protection of tho freedmen, and there is but one
single ease in which the punishment of the white
man differs from that of tho freedman, and that is in
the case of rape, or assault with intent to commit
rape, ou the person of a white woman."
I read a part of General Thomas's state-
ment:
"By Mr. Gkider:
" Question. You say you believe that there is a
gradual improvement going on iu Tennessee as to
loyalty?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
" Qiuition. Will yougive your opinion as to whether
the admission into Congress of the Representatives
from Tennessee would tend to encourage the loyal
people of Tennessee, and strengthen the feeling of
loyalty in that State?
" A/iswer. I think it would verymuch. Xtwouldnot
only encourage the loyal people to exert themselves,
but it would encourage the rebels to return to their
loyalty, because they would sec that their chances
and hopes for another outbreak were passing away
from them. If you will permit me to give additional
reasons why I think the delegation from Tennessee
should be admitted I will do so.
"Question. Certainly; state any reasons you may
desire to state.
"Answer. I think the delegation from the State of
Tennessee should be admitted into Congress for the
reason that that State, of her own accord, has com-
plied with every instruction of the President, and
has done all that it was believed it would be neces-
sary for her to do in order to gain admission into Con-
gress. All that they have done of their own accord
in Tennessee. They have repudiated the rebel debt;
they have abolished slavery, and also adopted the
constitutional amendment upon that subject; they
havepassed afranchiseiaw, prohibiting from voting
every man who has been engaged in the rebellion;
and I believe they have now passed a bill giving the
negro the right to testify in the courts; and all the
members elected to Congress can take the test oath,
both Senators and Representatives; and if their Rep-
resentatives shall be admitted into Congress, it will
be a precedent for all the southern States; they can
seo at once the reasons why the Tennessee members
are admitted, and that if they expect their members
to be admitted they must do as she has done.
"By Mr. Grimes:
"Question. You have answered the inquiry of Mr.
Gp.ider in regard to the propriety of admitting into
Congress the delegation from Tennessee; state, if
you please, whether, if her delegation should be ad-
mitted into Congress, it would besafefor martial law
to be then abrogated in the State of Tennessee.
"Answer. I wouldnot abrogate it just yet.
" Question. Would you recommend the abolition of
the Freedmen's Bureau in that State?
"Answer. Not yet."
Hon. David T. Patterson states upon being
interrogated, among other things, as follows:
" Question. What is your opinion in regard to the
propriety of admitting into Congress the delegation
from Tennessee at this time?
"Answer. Situated as I am. it is very j^itural I
should entertain the opinions I do upon thIK subject.
I really think it would be advantageous to the loyal
sentiment of Tennessee to berepresented in Congress.
I think the moral influence of a representation in
Congress would do us good at home.
"It is very difficult to judge of men's motives and
their real sentiments: but those whowere rebels, and
who have corresponded or conversed with me upon
the subject, profess now to be loyal to the Govern-
ment of the United States, to accept the results of
the war in good faith."
Such is a glance at the testimony in part
which has been taken as to the loyalty of Ten-
nessee. There is much more of the same char-
acter. I have given one gentleman's statement
from East Tennessee, one from Middle, and one
from West Tennessee, and General Thomas
from Nashville—men prominent and presumed
to be best advised in relation to the issue made,
and so far as I believe, there is no countervail-
ing testimony taken by the committee as to Ten-
nessee (and this is all I have examined) contra-
vening the fair and logical conclusion, that upon
the ground of loyalty and obedience to law,
Tennessee is entitled to representation.
But this seems not to satisfy the majority in
Congress; they themselves must fix terms and
conditions to be adopted by State action before
they can be admitted. This we have said is
without authority. They must have guarantees.
Now, I ask, what right has the Government of
the United States to originate this demand for
guarantees before a State shall have represen-
tation? Where is the power found, the grant
given? Certainly not in the Constitution of the
United States. It is an arbitrary assumption
of a majority which they can now enforce, but
which they, I trust,will not dare to do. "What!''
we have been asked, "shall we admit traitors
here with their bloody hands reeking in the
blood of our officers and soldiers?" There is
no argument in this; the Tennessee members
are ali loyal. We have heard this outcry of'' raw
head and bloody bones" ever since we were
children, but we are too old to be startled by
it now. it is mere alarm and false at that, and
intended to make false issues, expand and
change jurisdictions and not dare to meet the
plain dictum and decision plainly announced in
the Constitution, in substance, that the House
is to be the judge of its members. I ask gen-
tlemen, what guarantees do you expect or ask?
What guarantees does the Constitution give you
to warrant the competency of the members, the
judgment of the House, and the oath to be
administered after a regular election according
to law manifested by their credentials 1 Is this
sufficient? Butgentlemen have said they would
not trust their oath, must have guarantees.
Well, sir, Washington in his Farewell Address
clearly manifests, that according to his convic-
tions, in courts of justice an oath under a sense
of religious duty was of the highest obligation
and importance, and no doubt lie!would have
been willing in Congress, as a guarantee, to
take the oath and honor of a gentleman-elect,
and upon these grounds admit members; but
I shall not raise the question whether those so
distrustful are themselves worthy to be trusted.
The Constitution justifies no guarantees from
extraneous sources to control the action of the
nouse and putting conditions other than the
Constitution has explicitly warranted. If gea-
tlemen will not be satisfied with these, they
must usurp the authority and govern by the
arbitrary force of a majority.
Mr. Speaker, I fear we do not realize the
responsibilities under which we are acting; I
fear we do not consider the consequences of
this exclusive policy, this policy that assumes
so much righteousness for the majority and so
little of principle and patriotism for the minor-
ity ; I fear this rigid, unrelenting, unforgiving
feeling in the majority is pregnant with much
wrong and error, and may lead to an assump-
tion of power in majorities amounting to des-
potism. Had we not better recur to the usages
of the times when the Government was formed,
and in mildness and reciprocal respect look
upon this as our Government, embracing all,
forgiving all, and especially the erring and
unfortunate? No relentless persecution or
angry raid against any, in feeling or in policy;
but forgive as we would be forgiven. Do our
duty to the whole country and commit the re-
sults to the gracious Providence that has spared
us even amidst the afflicting visitations to which
we have been subjected. We hope for the best,
hope for harmony, equal laws, rights and priv-
ileges, and an early return of general prosperity.
New York Contested Election.
SPEECH OF HON. S. S. MARSHALL,
op illinois,
In the House or Representatives,
April 3 and 4, 1866.
The House proceeded to the consideration of the
following resolutions reported from the Committee
of Elections:
Resolved, That Hon. James Brooks is not entitled
to a seat in this House as a Representative in the
Thirty-Ninth Congress from the eighth distriet in
Sew York.
Resolved, That William B. Dodge is entitled to a
seat in this House as a Representative in tho Thirty-
Ninth Congress from the eighth districtin New York.
Mr. MARSHALL said:
Mr. Speaker : It is very easy for gentlemen
to be misled in regard to this case, even after
having given some attention to it. The evi-
dence is extremely voluminous and requires
a great deal of time to read and understand it
so as to get at the real bearing of the evidence
and the right of the case.
I must say, sir, that I have been somewhat
amazed at the speech of the honorable gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.] I
have heard a great many ingenious speeches
and arguments in courts of justice where gen-
tlemen had reposed in their hands very diffi-
cult cases, and at such times it is too often Jhe
practice of counsel to keep back and out of
view as far as possible the facts which would
favor the adversary and bring forward and
marshal with solemn gravity the evidence—
often feeble and unimportant—which seems to
sustain the cause they advocate. I must say,
if I understand the case at all, the gentleman
has in his argument here manifested quite as
much ingenuity as I have ever seen practiced
in a court of justice.
It has been well said in regard to other mat-
ters occurring around us that we are now mak-
ing history; and it is important for us all indi-
vidually in our action in our public capacity
that we should so deport ourselves that here-
after that history may not come up in judg-
ment against us. I know in times of strong
party excitement it is exceedingly difficult for
gentlemen, however honest and pure they may
be, to avoid being biased and influenced in con-
tests like this by party prejudices or predilec-
tions. I do not claim for myself any infallibility
