1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1653
Now, what is proposed to be done? That
the House shall interpose and place two more
members on that committee, and require at its
hands that it shall revise all the proceedings
that have been taken. "Why, sir, if such a
practice prevails there will be no termination
to any subject-matter of inquiry in a commit-
tee, because the minority can come into the
House at any time and ask that two or more
members be added so as to make a majority.
Now, all I ask of the House is that by some
mode the consent of the House be obtained to
a reconsideration of the action heretofore taken.
If in no other way, perhaps it can be done by
a motion to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. That motion would be in
order, the morning hour having expired, were
it not that a motion to reconsider is pending.
Mr. F. THOMAS. I could move to postpone
funher proceedings.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman will have
an opportunity hereafter.
Mr. F. THOMAS. We may as well dispose
of it now, for I may be absent again.
Mr. STEVENS. I beg leave to say a word
in answer to the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. F. Thomas. ] Early in the session I had
the honor to offer a bill, as well as the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Gaufield,] on this sub-
ject, and we asked for the appointment of a
select committee to which it should be referred.
That was granted.
Now, I need not say to this House that by
parliamentary rule the Speaker was bound to
place upon that committee, which consisted of
seven, a majority favorable to the project. Such
.is the absolute and undoubted parliamentary
rule. The Speaker did appoint four whom I
have no doubt lie supposed were favorable to
the projcct, for one of tliom was the chairman
of the same committee last year. ,
Now, sir, I do not like exactly to say what
took place in the committee, but the remarks
of the gentleman render it important that I
should say something. Contrary to all parlia-
mentary law. one of the majority of the com-
mittee to which it was referred, has by argu-
ment, andliy argument alone, changed his views
and refused to let the bill be reported favorably
to the House. I have, therefore, deemed it not
only perfectly proper, but my duty, to ask the
House to reconsider the matter, in order that,
according to parliamentary law, the friends of
the bill might have a majority on the commit-
tee and be able to report tavorably.
Mr. F. THOMAS. I would rather have the
subject disposed of by the House, and I hope
the House will allow me to respond to what
has been said by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania.
I suppose there is no necessity for any fas-
tidiousness in making further reference to what
occurred in committee. There has nothing ex-
traordinary oceuircd in the committee at ail,
according to my information, and I have had
some thirty years of experience in public affairs,
and some little experience in the proceedings of
the Congress of the United States. It is true the
House lias had under consideration and advise-
ment a bill, and has passed an opinion upon tlmt
subject, that it should be referred to a select com-
mittee which should be friendly to the object
proposed. But when the House refers either
a motion, a resolution, or a bill in the usual
way to a select committee, all that is required
by parliamentary law is that there shall be a
majority of members on the committee friendly
to the object. I never before heard that a com-
mittee was bound to be friendly to the instru-
mentality which had been devised by a par-
ticular member for the purpose of carrying out
the purpose of the House. Of what earthly
use would be the organization of a commit!ee,
Or the investigation of a committee, if they
were to take a bill brought in by an individual,
make that the guide, and report it back to the
House?
Now, as one of the members of the commit-
tee has been referred to. who is absent, it is
perhaps proper that 1 should say that Mr.
Biiaxdegee was placed on the committee under
the supposition that he was favorable, not to
this bill, but to the purpose of having a line of
communication between the two cities if the
public interest demanded it. Having exam-
ined the phraseology and object of this partic-
ular bill with great candor and frankness, he
said that since the war had terminated he had
come to a different opinion as to the propriety,
of the project. In the presence of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] he
addressed a qnestion to the president of the
Baltimore and Ohio railroad, and received an
answer that removed all difficulty out of his
w&y. Mr. Braxdegee entertains the theory
that there may be a combination of circum-
stances that would justify the Government- of
the United States in exercising the diigh pre-
rogative and power of disregarding State le-
gislation in every respect, and making a great
thoroughfare from one point to another within
our national boundaries ; but he believes that
that must be a case of stern necessity, or very
nearly approximating to that state of affairs;
that the power is only to be exercised under
circumstances of very great emergency, or
great, palpable public inconvenience.
It was with a view to ascertain whether such
a state of affairs existed Mr. Bkantdegee asked
the president of the Baltimore and Ohio rail-
road what power they had been using on that
road daring the last four years for freighting
purposes. Mr. Garrett answered, one thousand
cars daily with all the necessary motive power.
He then asked what power they required now,
and the president answered that only thirty cars
daily with the necessary power were necessary.
So it appears that there has been a reduction
from one thousand to thirty.
It seems that this improvement is recom-
mended by tlie War Department. Now, Iwant
nothing more than this declaration of this offi-
cer of the Baltimore and Ohio railroad to show
that there is no necessity, so far as the war
power of this Government is concerned, for this
proposed improvement.
Mr. Buaxdeoeb voted, therefore, with the
majority, to report this bill with the recom-
mendation that it do not pass. Gentlemen
have the power of moving any other report as
a substitme that they may thmk proper.
Now, what I protest against is this: that it
should be assumed, according to parliamentary
law, that this committee was not at liberty, when
it, took this subject under advisement, to change
the instrumentality by which a given public
improvement was proposed to be made, or to
modify that mode, the expediency of which
they were orgaui/.ed and appointed to inquire
into.
I come back again to the position with which
I stalled, and I move that the rules be sus-
pended so that the House may reconsider the
proportion adding two mure members to the
committee and allow it to come before, the
House again.
The SPEAKER. The motion to suspend
the rules is not in order v. ithout postponing the
pending motion of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts. [Mr. Ai.ixy.J
Mr. ALLEY. I yield to allow the gentleman
to move to 'postpone.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to say one word
in answer to the gentleman trom Maryland,
[Mr. F. Thomas.] He has hardly stated the
rule fairly; I mean no reflection upon him at
all. Whenever a select cominiti.ee is appointed
and a bill or proposition is referred to it, all
parliamentary law requires that a majority of
the members of that committee shall be favor-
able to the proposition ; not favorable to the
particular bill, but favorable to the geueial
subject-matter: and any departme from that
rule on the part of the Speaker would be ei Jicr
a mistake or an overruling of parliamentary
law. 1 have never known it done except by
mistake.
Mr. P. THOMAS. I would a«k the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] to sus-
pend his remarks until my proposed motion
comes up for consideration.
Mr. STEVENS. No, sir; I prefer to say
what I have to say now. Now, the member of
the committee who has been referred to—I will
not refer to him by name—was not ia favor of
the proposition at all. He did not propose to
amend the bill, he did not propose any other
bill for the same object, but absolutely re- ■
fused to allow any bill to jae- introduced into
this House for the action of the House.
Mr. DAWES. It is true the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] has not named
any particular member of the select commit-
tee, but he has been just as specific as if he
had named him. Now, I wish he would call
the attention of the House to the fact that that
member is not present here. If there is any
significance in the remarks of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, it must be as a reflection
upon the integrity of that member, which I
hardly think the gentleman from Pennsylvania
desires to make in his absence. I am aware
of the peculiar language with which the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania has clothed what
he has said. But it strikes me that there can
be no significance in his remarks if they do
not reflect upon the gentleman now absent to
whom he refers. If he were here it would be
a matter of his concern, and that of no one
else. • 
Mr. STEVENS. I have no objection to hav-
ing this matter postponed until all the mem-
bers of the committee are present. I do not
intend to reflect upon the integrity of any
member of the committee. I mean to say
that there has been n, vast deal of argument
in this case by the railroad company interested,
and it has prevailed upon some member of
the committee to act in an unparliamentary
manner. If he had said, ''I do not like this
bill'' 
Mr. RAYMOND. If I understand the na-
ture of this debate, the case is this: a bill pro-
viding for a railroad from this city to the city
of New York was introduced and referred to
a select, committee, that committee having
charge of no other subject. The committee
have made no report.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not hesitate to say
that, the majority of the select committee were
opposed to any new road, and this morning I
introduced another bill to make a road in an-
other quarter, and asked that it be referred to
this same sclect committee; and I also moved
that the committee be increased by the addi-
tion of two members.
In the first place, I say I had the right, with-
out the introduction of any new bill, to ask that
the committee be increased, so as to put it upon
the footing which parliamentary law puts it.
In the second place, after I had introduced an-
other bill, and had it referred to the same com-
mittee, I'had a further right to ask tor that
increase of the committee. After finding that
the committee did not agree with the original
proposition, I should have felt myself acting
perfectly in order in making this request.
1 am willing, however, that the vote shall be,
postponed until all the members of the com-
mittee are present; or. if the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. F. Thomas] prefers, let it be
taken now.
Mr. WA8HBURNE, of Illinois. I was out
of my seat when this discussion arose. I would
like to know what is the pending question.
The SPEAKEtl. The pending question is
upon the motion of the gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. F. Tiio.mas] to postpone the ^con-
sideration of the recommitment ot the bill N'o.
2M, the postal bill, moved by the gentleman
from Massachusetts. [Mr. Ai.lev.] 'lheChair
uiidui stands the motion of the gentleman from.
Maryland [Mr. I'. Thomas] to have been made
with the intention of moving to suspend the
rules for the purpose of reconsidering the prop-
osition made by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. STEvrxs] to add two members to
the select committee on the air-line railroad
between this city and the city of New York.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania movei' to
reconsider the vote by which his proposition
was agreed to, and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid upon the table, which
