1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3575
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R-. No. 122) to authorize the Secre-
tary of War to ihake compensation for persons
held to service or labor enlisted or drafted into
the military service during the war $ which was
read twice by its title and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I submit a report from
tlie committee of conference on the Army ap-
propriation bill, which I should like to have
acted upon at the present time.
The Secretary read the report; as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
voted of the two Houses 011 the amendments to the
bill (H. It. No. 127) making appropriations for the
support of the Army for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1857, having met, after full and free conference
have agreed to recommend, and do recommend, to
theirrespectiveHouses as follows:
That the House of Representatives recede from-
their disagreement to the second, third, and tenth
amendments of the Senate, and agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from its sixth amendment.
That the Senate recede from its disagreement to the
amendment of the House to the fourth amendment
of the Senate, and agree to the same.
That the Senate agree to the amendment of the
House to the filth amendment of the Senate, with an
amendment, as follows: insert in lieu of the words
stricken out of said Senate amendment by the House
the following words: 44and in advertising for Army
supplies thequartermaster'sdcpartxiientsh&n require
all articles which are to be used in the States and
Territories of the Pacific coast to be delivered and
inspected at points designated in those States and
Territories, and the advertisements for such supplies
shall bo published in newspapers in the cities of San
Franciscrf, in California, and Portland, in Oregon;"
and the House agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the seventh amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same with the following amendment: in line
eight of said amendment, after the word 44shall,"
insert the following words: " in time of peace."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the eighth amendment of the Senate and agree to the
same with an amendment, as follows: strike out all
of said amendment and insert in lieu thereof the foi-
l-owing: " Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the
Superintendent of the "United States Military Acad-
emy may hereaftcrbe selected, and the officers on
duty at that institution detailed, from any arm of the
seivice; and the supervi&km and charge of the Acad-
emy shall be in the War Department, under such
officer or officers as the Secretary of War may assign
to that duty;" and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the ninth amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same with an amendment, as follows: strike out all
of said Senate amendment and insert hi lieu thereof
the following: "Sec.—. And he it, further enaeted,
That when it is necessary to employ soldiers as artifi-
cers or laborers in the construction of permanent mil-
itary works, public roads, or other constant labor of
not less than ten days' duration in any case, they
shall receive, in addition to their regular pay, the
following additional compensation therefor: enlisted
men working as artificers, and, non-commissioned
officers employed as overseers of such work, not ex-
ceeding one overseer for every twenty men, thirty-
five cents per day, and enlisted men employed as
laborers, twenty cents per day; but such working
parties shall only be authorized on the written order
of a commanding officer. This allowance of extra
pay is not to apply to the troops of the engineer and
ordnance departments;" and the Senate agree te the
same. JO JO SHERMAN,
HENRY WILSON,
ItlClIARb YATES.
Managers on f)te part of the Senate.
KOBE11T C. SC1IENCK,
"W. 1-h NIBLACK,
?,L IxUSSELL THAYER,
Managers oil the pa) t of the House.
Mr. - GRIMES. What changes have been
made ?
Mi-. SHERMAN. The Senator from Iowa
asks mo what changes have been made by the
committee of conference. The Senate recede
from 0110 amendment in regard to the purchase
of land in Nashville. The other amendments
of the Senate have been agreed to, somewhat
modified. If the Senator will mention any
particular umendmeut upon which he desires
information I will answer him. The Senate
amendments have been substantially agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. What has been done with
the amendment in regard to the Illinois Cen-
tral railroad?
Mr. SHERMAN. The House recede from
that amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. What has been done about
the West Point superintendency ?
Mr. SHERMAN. The amendment in regard
to the Superintendent at West Point is left sub-
stantially as the Senate made it. The Senate j
amendment was agreed to by the House com- I
mittee, with sonje modifications which change
but very little the meaning of it. All the amend-
ments of the Senate, which are mostly of a legis-
lative character, are agreed to—f think every
one of them, with some modifications of phrase-
The report was concurred in.
LAW Off BOUNTY.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up the joint
resolution of the House of Representatives
declaratory of the law of bounty. It is a small
matter, and will not take long.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (IT. R. No. 149)
declaratory of the law of bounty. It provides
that where any enlisted man has been or may
be detailed for duty as a clerk, or for any other
duty in any executive bureau, at headquarters
or elsewhere, he shall not by such detail be
deprived of any rights to bounties now due or
hereafter to become due, but shall be as fully
entitled thereto as though 110 such detail had
been made.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
CLAIM OF MASSACHUSETTS.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to take up Sen-
ate resolution No. 121.
The motion was agreed,to; and the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 121) providing for the
auditing of the accounts of the State of Mas-
sachusetts for moneys expended during the
war for coast defense was read the second time
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It is an authorization and request to the Presi-
dent of the United States to appoint, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, two
commissioners who shall examine into the claim
and audit the accounts of the State of Massa-
chusetts for moneys expended for coast defense
during the war, and shall make a full and com-
plete report thereon to Congress at its next
session.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend the reso-
lution By striking out in the sixth line the
words "and audit the accounts;" so as to
read, "commissioners who shall examine into
tlie claim of (he State of Massachusetts," &c.
Mr. WILSON. I have 110 objection to that
amendment.
Mr. HOWARD. I should like to hear from
the Senator from Massachusetts the nature of
these defenses, the structures for which ho now
claims pay from the Government; whether
they were made on Government plans, or what
was their nature or description. It must not
b'e forgotten that, other States may have claims
of very considerable magnitude of a similar
nature, and I think we ought to bo a little cau-
tious how we proceed to recognize such claims
at this time. I really am in ignorance of the
nature of these claims, and should like there-
fore to hear the Senator from Massachusetts
describe them.
Mr. WILSON. I would commend the Sen-
ator Ij'Om Michigan to the report made by the
Senator from Rhode Island, [Mr. Sit.aoue,]
from the Military Committee, on this subject,
in which the facts are very clearly set forth.
It appears that the Secretary of State sent a
circular to the Governors of some of the States
stating that there was great danger that our
harbors would be entered by ships in the inter-
ests of the confederacy, and recommending
that the States should take action to prepare
their cities against such attacks. The Gov-
ernor of the State of Massachusetts recom-
mended to the Legislature to make an appro-
priation for that purpose on the strength of
the recommendation of the Secretary of State ;
and the Legislature appropriated $1,000,000
for that purpose. Of that money about four
hundred thousand-dollars wore expended in the
purchase of guns and other means of defense.
The Senator from Rhode Island made a re-
port. from the Committee 011 Military Affairs
in favor of paying that sum of about four hun-
dred thousand dollars ; but objection was made
to that, and this resolution is now a simple
proposition to appoint a commission to exam-
ine into and report the facts of the case, so
that Congress at the next session may have
that report before them. I do not think it
binds Congress in any respect whatever. I
■will say to Senators that the bill will be less-
ened nearly one half if the Government will
consent to it; for I am told that the State of
Massachusetts has received an offer for the
guns on hand for their cost, and has applied
to the Government to be permitted to allow
them to be sold.
Mr. HOWARD. Massachusetts still holds
the title to all this property, guns, &c.
Mr. WILSON. The resolution reported by
the committee before, provided that they should
all be turned over to the ordnance department
of the Army.. This commission will examine
the precise condition and facts of the case, on
which we can base future action. It does not
bind us to anything. I hope there will be 110
objection to the proposed examination of the
facts.
Mr. HOWARD. I did not rise for the pur-
pose of objecting to the passage of the resolu-
tion, but merely to obtain information. I am
very much obliged to the Senator from Massa-
chusetts for giving it.
Mr. GRIMES. Whether the resolution will
bind us or not to the paym.ent of the claim, I
think, depends somewhat on the question
whether or not the Senate adopts my amend-
ment.
Mr. WILSON. I have 110 objection to the
amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. If we passed the resolution
as it was, it would stand very much in the light
of an interlocutory judgment and the appoint-
ment of a master to examine as to the amount
of damage. With my amendment, I think we
shall not run that risk.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not precisely under-
stand how that can be the effect of the amend-
ment. If I understand the amendment it is to
strike out the words " and audit the accounts."
If a claim is to be examined and reported upon
definitely, what is the difference whether it,
be audited or not? Auditing a claim does not
commit us to the payment of it if it is to be
reported to Congress for action hereafter. I
have 110 objection to the amendment, but I do
not see how it affects the claim.
Mr. WILSON. I have no objection to
striking out the words directing the auditing
of the claim if the Senator from Iowa objects
to them. All is obtained that I desire to obtain
by the passage of the resolution with those
words stricken out.
Mr. GRIMES. I will say in reply to the Sen-
ator from Kansas that I may not be very well
informed as to the proper use of the Eng-
lish language, but I understand that a claim,
is not audited unless it can be allowed* under
some law; and when we use the word "au-
dited" we commit ourselves to the validity of
the claim, and the only question then is as to
the amount which we shall be compelled to
pay.
Mr. POMEROY. I cannot see how words
providing for the auditing of a claim that is
afterward to be investigated by Congress can
affect the claim or commit us to its payment.
I do not see that those words add to or take
anything from it.
Mr. GRIMES. ' If we used that language we
should not have an opportunity to investigate
it afterward.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendment was con-
curred in.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed;
for a third reading and was read the third time.
Sir. SAULSBURY. 1 do not wish to raioSi
any objection to the passage of this resolution,
bat it strikes me as a singular species of' legis-
lation. There was no law of the land, as I.
understand, under which the Stale of Massa-
chusetts undertook to provide protection against
an invasion of her harbors. There was no au-
