1866...
THE CONGRESSKWAI/ GLOBE:
interest and considerable difficulty for determi-
nation by one or another of the departments of
the Government. But now for the first time
we are compelled to confront questions result-
ing from the temporary suspension of the con-
stitutional relations between the United States
and some of the States. This suspension was
the result of a state of war between-the legiti-
mate Government and the States that attempted
to secede therefrom. It is conceded by most
men, and is declared by the highest judicial
tribunal in the Union, that during that state of
war the respective parties to it sustained to each
other the relations of belligerents. At the
threshold, therefore, it be'eomes material to in-
quire what is meant by a state of belligerency.
In its primary signification, it means a state of
war. It implies an issue, asserted on the one
side and denied on the other, and submitted
for decision to the solemn arbitrament of arms.
The recognition of the existence of war, the
tacit or express admission of belligerent rights
by the legitimate Government, concedes noth-
ing inconsistent with its claim of sovereignty
over the revolted people and Territory. It does
not even concede the existence of a Govern-
ment de facto. But if it did, it would not at
all impair the force of my argument, because
the very term de facto implies a spurious Gov-
ernment, without rightful existence, as contra-
distinguished from a Government de jure, of
right, or having rightful existence.
Mr. ELIOT. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a point
of order. The bill under consideration is a spe-
cial order, and the gentleman from Indiana from
the beginning of his speech shows he is about
to discuss general questions, interesting to us all,
of reconstruction and the condition of the rebel
States. 1 have just given notice, whether the
remarks came from one side or the other of the
House, I should feel myself compelled to make
the point of order. There are gentlemen who
want to debate this bill who have had no oppor-
tunity to-day. 1 make the point of order that
the gentleman's remarks are not in order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. ijawes in
the chair.) The Chair is not able to sustain
the point of order, as he has not heard enough
of the remarks of the gentleman from Indiana.
The gentleman, however, must confine his re-
marks to the bill before the House.
Mr. KERR. I agree with the gentleman
from Massachusetts that it is in fact somewhat
difficult to keep within the precise limits of that
necessary discussion which should characterize
the debates of this House; but here is a bill
demanding at our hands action, which from its
very nature goes into the States lately in rebel-
lion, and can go there only on the ground taken
by those who advocate this measure, that by
reason of the rebellion they have the right to
go there with this administration of government,
dictated and controlled by Congress.
And yet they say, that in the discussion of
this kind of measures we shull not take this
wide range, of the true relations between the
States and the Union. Now, I do not, want to
take as wide a range as tlie gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Garfield] has taken, but I do want
a liberal limit within which to express my ideas.
And I say here, that this shall be confined to
the discussion and elucidation of the bill before
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I rise to a point of
order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore . There is one
point of order already made andpending; there-
fore the Chair does not entertain thepoiutatthis
time. The point pending is raised by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Eliot,] that
the argument of the gentleman from Indiana
was not applicable to the bill before the House,
and the Chair is listening to the suggestion
which the gentleman from Indiana is making
in order to satisfy the Chair that his remarks
are pertinent. |
Mr. H1GBY. I ask the gentleman from
Indiana to give way to a motion to adjourn.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the
gentleman from Indiana give way?
Mr. KERR. Yes. sir.
Mr. HIGBY. I now move to adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at four o'clock and fifty minutes) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 2, 1866.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
, petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
has received and been requested to present to
the Senate the petition of Mrs. Elizabeth E.
Smith, of New London, Connecticut, the widow
of Richard H. Smith, late a lieutenant in the
third United States artillery, who was lost on
board the steamer San Francisco, on the 24th
of December, 1853, bound from New York to
California with his regiment. The petitioner
prays that compensation may be made to her
for the property which was lost on the steamer
and which was nearly all they had in the world.
This petition will be referred, if there is no
objection, to the Committee on Claims. It is so
referred.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Ohio who served as soldiers- in the
armies of the United States, praying for an
equalization of bounties: which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
Mr. HOWE presented a petition of citizens
of Manitowoc, Wisconsin, prajing for an ap-
propriation for the improvement of the harbor
at the mouth of'the Manitowoc river ; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HOWE. 1 also present the memorial of
A, C. Sheldon and a large number of other citi-
zens of the State of Wisconsin, praying that that
portion of our people of African descent resi-
dent in the late insurgent States who were born
on our soil; who have toiled without recom-
pense that the nation might grow in wealth;
who have willingly fought and labored in the
Federal armies that the Republic might live
and "receive no detriment;'' who, during the
late struggle for the preservation of our Union,
were ever found faithful and loyal, while treason
seemed to be or was the normal condition of
many of the whites in the insurgent States ; and
who, by the chances of war, have been raised
to the condition of free men, shall henceforth
bo classed as citizens of the United States ; that
the general rights and franchises belonging to
citizens of the United States be henceforth ex-
tended to them;"that the Government of the
United States protect them in the exercise of
those rights and franchises; that the recogni-
tion of said rights and franchises by the several
late insurgent States, and also the recognition
of the equality of the frecdmen before the law
with the citizens thereof, be a condition prece-
denttothe readmission of said States to the full
privileges of loyal States of the Union ; that the
Government retain the organization known as
the Freedmen's Bureau over the late slave States
of the Union, and increase its authority and
efficiency: and that a system of free education
be devised and put into operation in the insur-
gent States for the benefit of the children of all
classes of the people thereof. I move the ref-
erence of this memorial to the joint committee
on reconstruction.
The motion w-as agreed to.
Mr. BROWN presented the memorial of A.
L. H. Crenshaw, praying for compensation for
property alleged to have been taken and de-
stroyed by the United States authorities in the
State of Missouri, while he was a prisoner of
war on suspicion of being a rebel spy ; which
%vas referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. WILLIAMS presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Oregon, in favor of the city of
Portland, in that Slate, being included in the
port of entry at the mouth of Columbia river,
so that vessels entering at Astoria may unload
at Portland, and that bonded warehouses may
be established at the latter place; which were
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
KEPORXSO* COMMEKEIiBS. -
Mr. MORGAN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (S. 'No.
39) to amend the acts relating to offieets em-
ployed in the examination of imported m'et-
chandise in the district of New York, reported
it with amendments. " , '
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee ion
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
F. A. Lewis, praying for compensation fot ne-
groes, horses, sheep, hogs, corn, &c., aHegbd-
to have been lost to him in consfequenee of the
legislation of Congress and by a?ts of soldiers'
of the United States, and for indemnification
against loss by certain acts of the so-called eon-'
federate States, submitted an adverse report ;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, from the Committee^
on Pensions, to whom was referred the petition
of William C. Anderson, jr., praying for a set-
tlement of his father's accounts as pension agent
at St. Louis, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration, and that it be referred to'
the Committee on Claims; which was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. The Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred a joint resolution (S. R. No.
12) to r^fer the claim of Gustavus A. Balzerto
the Court of Claims, have directed me to report
it back adversely; and I move its "indefinite
postponement.
The motion was agreed to.
charles p. anderson.
Mr. BROWN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Groundsj> to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 143) for
the relief of Charles F. Anderson, to report it-
back without amendment and recommend its
passage, and I ask for the present consideration
of the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
the unanimous consent of the Senate to con-
sider the bill on the day on which it is reported.
Mr. BROWN. I will explain the bill in a '
moment. This is a bill to compensate Mr. An-
derson for his services as an architect, which
passed the Senate at the last session and went
to the House and was taken up and passed there,
but, by some oversight, it was not handed to
the President for his signature. It also passed
the Senate at two preceding sessions. This
is precisely the same bill, and I presume there
will be no objection to it. I therefore ask that
it be put on its passage at once.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill, which directs the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to Charles F. Anderson, arch-
itect, the sum of $7,500, in full, for time, labor,
and expense in preparing plans and drawings
for the Capitol extension.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
bills introduced,
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, asked, and by unan-
imous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 122) for the relief of JohnT. Jones,
an Ottowa Indian, for depredations committed
on his property by white persons in Kansas
Territory: which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs.
Mr. NESMITH asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
Xo. 12,3) granting lands to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad and telegraph line from the
Central Pacific railroad, in California, to Port-
land, or the navigable waters of the Columbia
river, in Oregon; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORRILL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 124) to incorporate the Washington Canal •
Company, in the District of Columbia, arid tor
other purposes; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Commitee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mr. CONNESS asked, and by unanimous
