1866.]
APPENDIX ,T0 THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
39th Cong.... 1st Sess,
New York Contested Election—Mr. Marshall.
Ho. op Rjips.
is not oue particle of legal evidence of fraud
there, of any evidence that would convict any
man of any offense on earth before any court.
And yet we have it very solemnly paraded be-
fore us that Andrew Brady was a self-consti-
tuted clcrk and acted fraudulently. Yet he
testifies that he was a Republican, and not in
the i.iterest of Mr. Brooks, and at that election
cast his vote in favor of Mr. Lincoln. And that
was the case with the majority of the officers
of election on that day; they were the partisans
of Mr. Dodge, the contestant. And yet we have
this brought forward here in the most solemn
manner in order to show that Mr. Brooks and
his friends were guilty of such frauds that this
whole district should be disfranchised. T must
say, with all respect for gentlemen, and raising
no question about the fairness and impartiality
of any member of this House, that such an
enormity was never before attempted to be per-
petrated in a legislative body as would be that
of giving the contestant a seat in this House
upon the evidence adduced.
Now, I want to call the attention of lega} gen-
tlemen from New York to what I am about to
say. The chairman of the Committee of Elec-
tions misapprehends entirely the character of
the board of registry. He calls them a board
of judges, and from the manner in which he
discussed that point you would be led to think
that every elector in the district was compelled
to go before this board and apply to have his
name registered; and if objection is made he
must produce evidence of his right to vote
there, and that the board of registry have no
power to act until that is done. Now, I insist
that this is an erroneous construction of the
law.
We have precisely such a law as this in the
State of Illinois ; and yet no man in that whole
State ever dreamed of giving such a construc-
tion to it. I have never been before a board
of registry in my life; nor do any of my neigh-
bors ever think of going before them. The
board assemble at the time prescribed by law,
and names and information are furnished to
them by any one. The board examine each
name, and if satisfied that it is the name of a
legal voter, they register it. It makes no dif-
ference how or from whom they obtain the
names.
What matters it in this case if this bar-keeper
did put down names on his account books of
such as he thought were legal voters, and fur-
nish them at the proper time t.o the board of
registry? Were they placed upon the registry
without the consent of the regular board? Cer-
tainly not. Some of these registrars were ab-
sent a part of the time; they did not remain
there all day; but they came back and examined
the register, approved it, and certified it accord-
ing to the forms of law. I know not what may
be the practice in other districts in New York;
but I know that in Illinois, where the law is
almost precisely similar, the voters of the dis-
trict rarely think of looking over the registry
to see whether their names are there or not.
If they happen to do so and find their names
omitted, they can at the second meeting, one
week before the election, ask that their names
be put upon the register; and it is done. The
members of the board do not sit there as a
court; and it is not absolutely required that a
majority of them shall remain there all day.
There is nothing in the law forbidding any one
of them from absenting himself for awhile, and
on his return looking over the list to satisfy
himself as to its correctness. At most to do
so is but an irregularity, and cannot operate to
make the register a nullity. Is there any evi-
dence that anybody, by their action, was de-
prived of the opportunity to have his name
registered? Certainly no wrong was done un-
less some one was injured; and there is no
proof that the right of any man to vote was
jeopardized by the conduct of the board. I
ask gentlemen from New York, all of whom
must be affected by the construction to be
placed upon this act, whether they are willing
to sanction the construction contended for by
the chairman of the committee, the result of
which would be, that if the officers whose duty
it is to appoint a place for holding the election
fail to do so until the time fixed by law for the
meeting of the registry board, or any officer of
election fails in the discharge of his duty, all
the voters of the district must be disfranchised.
If it is so, then the vote of the district must
be thrown out without any further evidence.
If it does not have that effect, then the matter
ought not to be thrown in here as a make-
weight, because it is entitled to no considera-
tion whatever.
There is another fact urged as affecting the
validity of the poll. The inspectors or -regis-
trars were not residents of the election district.
The law is somewhat vague in regard to that,
but it seems to me that the law does require
that the registrars shall be residents of the elec-
tion district; I mean the law as it stood at
that time. But the people of New York, many
of them at least, and there will be further evi-
dence on this point adduced before the House,
understood the law to refer to the Assembly dis-
trict, and the Legislature has since passed an
act which is now in force, and which I imagine
is an adoption of the popular construction,
declaring {hat the registrar shall reside in the
Assembly district and need not reside in the
election district. That is the law as it now
stands in the State of New York, and the old
law was so construed and acted upon in many
of the districts of the city, those in which Mr.
Dodge obtained a majority, as well as in this
district which is thus impeached. The evi-
dence will be exhibited to the House that in
some of the election districts in which Mr.
Dodge received a majority the registrars were
not residents thereof.
Mr. Speaker, I think I have, without dwell-
ing further upon it, made it sufficiently clear
to all who favor me with their attention that
the chairman of the committee has been mis-
taken in the construction of the registry law
of New York, and that there was no expecta-
tion on the part of the framers thereof, and
such is not the practice under it, for the board
to sit as a court, that all electors are to appear
before them, and that they must decide upon
evidence adduced as to the right of each to
vote. There is no such practice. They are to
use any means within their power, from recol-
lection, from the copy of the last register, or
any other means within their knowledge, for
making out a list. If they can be satisfied
upon their oaths that it is a true register, this
is all that can be required. If they know of
an elector who lives in the district, although he
may be a thousand miles from home, it is their
duty to return him.
Another statement is that the election was
not held at the place designated. I hold, sir,
if that were true, yet unless somebody had been
misled and deprived of the right of voting that
would not affect the election in any way what-
ever. Suppose that the house designated had
been burned down, or that the owner of the
place had seen proper to refuse to allow the
election to be held there, are the people, then,
not to be represented ? Such is not the proper
construction of the law, and such construction
would not, I think, be placed upon it by any
lawyer on the earth who calmly and maturely
considered the question.
What are the facts in regard to this place of
election? The place designated was '"at James
Thompson's." This James Thompson was the
proprietor of a liquor store on a corner lot one
hundred feet in length, I believe. The election
was not held in his store, but on another part
of the lot designated by some as a stable. It
was in a public place and fronting on the street,
not in the liquor store, but it was held at ''James
Thompson's." and on the lot designated. And
even if it should be held that there was a slight
deviation from the point designated it is clear
that no legal voter was thereby misled or pre-
vented from casting his vote.
There is another statement in the report that
a canvasser in one of the districts was dragged
and fell asleep during the canvass of the'cotes.
It is not claimed that this district should be
thrown out. Then why is this stated ? Is it
with the expectation of producing the impres-
sion that Mr. Brooks had been around drug-
ging the officers of election? Where is there
any evidence of the drugging of anybody?
I have examined the testimony of this can-
vasser himself, who was a Republican, and a
supporter of Mr. Dodge, and he testifies that
he was not drugged ; that he remained awake
all the time that he was engaged in canvassing
the poll—all day, and until two or three o' clock
in the night. He says that he did get very
much wearied, but that he remained awake
during the time. If there is any evidence that
he was drugged I have been unable to find it,
although I know that it was suggested by the
ingenious counsel for Mr. Dodge before the
committee. I am afraid the honorable chair-
man of the committee, in drawing up his re-
port, has forgotten the real evidence, and has
adopted as facts and confounded with the evi-
dence the statements of the counsel of Mr.
Dodge. Is this one of the make-weights in
the case, separately amounting to nothing, but
which, when brought together, and paraded in
solemn array before the House, may produce
some effect upon the minds of gentlemen who
cannot take time to read the evidence for
themselves ?
I know, sir, that there was no improper in-
tention on the part of the chairman of the com-
mittee, but having come to the conclusion that
Mr. Dodge is entitled to the seat, he has en-'
tered into the argument of the case with that
feeling with which counsel generally enterinto
the argument of causes which they desire to
gain. Having first made up his mind that he
is right, he has brought forward arguments
which he thinks will produce that conviction
in the minds of others. It is natural that he
should do so; but standing here with differ-
ent convictions, believing that there is no legal
evidence in the ease that would authorize the
House to unseat Mr. Brooks, much less to give
the seat to the contestant, I think it my duty
to bring to the attention of the House this
discrepancy between the evidence in the case
and the allegations in the report of the com-
mittee.
The object of all election laws is to facilitate,
not to defeat elections. Registry laws are but
directory for that purpose, and cannot be held
to be more sacred or of more importance than
the sacred right of the elector to cast his vote.
It will never do to place a higher value on stat-
utory regulations than on the right of suffrage
itself. The whole object of a registry law is,
not to throw obstacles around the right of the
elector to vote, but to allow him to come un-
trammeled to the polls, and cast his vote in
such manner as to secure a proper reflex of the
"sentiment of the people.
In presenting the law bearing upon cases of
this kind. I am afraid I shall take up too much
of the time of the House, but the law is very
clear. In the State of New York, for instance,
the State from which this contest comes, in the
leading case of The People vs. Cook, 4Selden's
Reports, the ceurt sustain every position that 1
take. I will read a paragraph or two. The
court referring to the decision in the court
below says:
"The learned judge decided, in his direction to the
jury, that the rotes p;iven in thewestern distrietof the
first ward of the city of Buffalo were properly ean-
vaiscd and allowed to Mr. Welch, notwithstanding
the inspectors took the oath of office upon a book
called 'Watts's Psalms and Hymns,* and not upon
the Gospels."
To this the defendant's counsel excepted.
The court says:
"This exception is not well taken, for two reasons •
first, the neglect of the inspectors, or clerks, to taka
any oath would not havo vitiated the election. It
