2616
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
of -very unequal value—in some too little, in others
too great, and in others, (after the usual deductions
" abffve mentioned are made,) would leave to the con-
sular agent nocompensation whatever. Alimitation
of the compensation of consuls and commercial agents
to a, fixed and equal sum at all posts, is notin accord-
ance with previous legislation upon thesamesubject,
which seems to have been intended to graduate tho
compensation according to tho amount of labor, the
amount of responsibility, and the amount of expend-
iture, &c., required at each post.
4. The President has the power, and it has usually
been the practice of the Department to recommend
its excrciso, to nominate arid appoint, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, full consuls
responsible directly to this Department, (with such
compensation as Congress may decide to be suitable
for the particular place in question,) to all places*
,wherethe increase of business seems to warrant it,
instead of continuing subordinate consular agents,
■who aro responsible only to the consuls by whom
they were appointed.
It can hardly be deemed necessary to guard against
any neglect on the part of the executive department
to take such action, for tho amount of the fees re-
ceived at every port is, as beforestated, duly submit-
ted to Congress and printed every year, showing pre-
cisely where such changes are needed.
If under the present system any consular officer is
likely to receive too much compensation for his ser-
vices, the true remedy would seem to be either to
diminish the amount of the fees exacted or else give
him aftxedsalary. Compensation of all public officers
of the United States is expected to be graduated either
according to work or according to time. The prop-
osition in question doe? not seem to earry out either
of these objects, since it does not guaranty a fixed
salary, but pays lor a certain amount of work, and
then requires an additional amount to be performed
without any pay at all.
5. It would also seem to make it the interest of
consular agents to discourage consular business when-
ever it exceeds a certain amount, whereas itisior
the advantage of revenue and of trade that all such
business should be performed promptly, willingly,
and effectually.
It i3 not deemed necessary or expedient, therefore,
to recommend a change in the present system. That
itworksjustly to the (iovernment and the consular
officer^ is best shown by the fact that, as at present
administered, the consular service has been for the
past three years, and for the first time in the national
history, steadily and gradually reaching a point
where it wilt soon become a self-supporting system,
p paying all its own expenses.
The amount paid for compensation of consuls and
commercial agents duiing the last four fiscal years,
and the amount of fees received during the same
years, are as follows: *
Amount of salaries and loss in exchange from Janu-
ary 1, 18G1, to June SO, 1S62 $432,141 39
Pees 125,371 04
Difference 3306.709 75
1862. _
Amount of salaries and loss in exchange for fiscal
year ending June 30,1863 SJ0o.400 37
Fees 152,982 94
Difference $252,417 43
1863.
Amount of salaries and loss in exchange for fiscal
year ending June 30,1864 $363,779 99
Fees  254.218 34
Difference $109,561 65
1S64.
Amount of salaries and loss in exchange for fiscal
year ending June 30,1865 $358,761 64
Fees  287,103 00
Difference     $71,653 64
Amount paid from United States Treasury for year
ending Juno 30,18G5 $71,653 61
iroin this deduct list of consulates atwhich
the salaries have been reduced and dis-
continued, at average rate of returns for
last fiscal year, and there is a further
reduction of amount required to pay con-
sular salaries of.   54.,°,S7 79
Leaving an apparent deficitof... $17,265 83
It is not doubted that the increase of fees at some
points, and the reduction of salaries at others which
nave already taken place during the present fiscal
year, will, at its termination, show that the consular
5&s SS,1!8 n?w,Vraot\oa^y self-supporting. But. it is
douhtml whether the proposed change would not
upon°theRife7, aUd thUS again make k a drain
X have thehonor to be, gir, your obedient servant,
WILLIAM H.SEWARD.
Airman of Committee
on, J'inancf, United States Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. It ought to be known at the
State Department how much salary is received
by a good many of these consuls, because I
understand there have been persons appointed
from that Department to the most, valuable
consulships in Europe. They have an admira-
ble opportunity there to soieet tho best places,
and I guess it will be discovered by an exam-
ination of the official list that they have gener-
ally selected places where the consuls are paid
by fees. If any gentleman desires to be
accurately informed on this subject, if he will
go to the office of the Fifth Auditor of the
Treasury, he will there get some authentic
information. I am told by officers who have
charge of the consular business there that there
are consuls in the employment of the United
States who receive salaries of from eight thou-
sand to twenty-five thousand dollars.
Mr. JOHNSON. In fees?
Mr. GRIMES. In fees alone—at such places
as Leeds and Bradford, and places of that kind
in Yorkshire and Lancashire. It is in conse-
quence of some law that was passed since the
beginning of the rebellion requiring triple
invoices.
Mr. SUMNER. That is the secret of the
whole thing.
Mr. GRIMES. That requirement is really
an imposition upon the importing merchant.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, it is necessary to
protect the revenue. It has been a very great
protection.
Mr. CHANDLER. I think that this amend-
ment is eminently necessary, and I hope it will
prevail. .It will be remembered by many of
the older Senators that some years ago the con-
sular system had become corrupt; very great
corruptions had crept into it. For example,
the consul at Liverpool received as much as
forty or fifty or sixty thousand dollars per
annum. Congress took np the entire consular
system and reviewed it, and fixed the salaries,
the^ intention being to fix a salary at every im-
portant point. Then there were some unim-
portant points which were not deemed of suffi-
cient consequence to justify the payment of a
fixed salary, and those we left open to be paid
by fees. The intention was to fix a salary at
every point where the business would really
warrant the payment of a salary to the consul.
Upon that principle the whole consular system
was reorganized. This was, perhaps, ten or,
twelve years ago. Since that time some of the
points that were not then deemed of sufficient
importance to authorize a fixed salary have now
become points of great business importance,
and I am informed that now the same evils
have crept into those places which existed prior
to the reorganization of the system, that some
of the consuls, as the Senator from Iowa says,
receive, perhaps, eight or ten or fifteen thou-
sand dollars a year, when if the places had
been of sufficient importance to warrant the
payment of $1,-500 a year the salary would have
been fixed at $1,500. As the Senator has sug-
gested, I believe that these fat pickings are
generally selected by those who are not partic-
ularly well known to Senators, and withoutany
special reason being given for their obtaining
such appointments.
I hope that this amendment will prevail, and
that a limit of $2,000 will be fixed. If when
the system was reorganized these places had
been deemed of sufficient importance to justify
the payment of a salary at all, $1,500 would
have been fixed as the limit; they would have
been placed in schedule C. If this amendment
shall not prevail, I shall propose to put them
in thai lower schedule.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 think that probably
would be an error the other way. I notice
that many of these consulate? are at very im-
portant places, where a great deal of business-
is done. Take, for instance, Sheffield. The
consul there is paid by fees. The consul at
Manchester, which is about the same sort of
place, has a salary of §3,000. Sheffield prob-
ably is equal in importance to Manchester.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is now; it was not
then.
Mr. SUMNER. More important.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is more important,
perhaps. Then there are Falmouth, Plymouth,
and Bradford. They arc all said to be places
of importance.
Mr. GRIMES. Bradford is very important.
Mr. SUMMER. Bradford is a great center.
Mr. FESSENDEN". They have commercial
agents and vice consuls whom they have to pay
out of their fees. I should think that $3,000
might safely be fixed as a limit. My only
doubt about the amendment was whether
$'2,000 would be too [.mall at some of these
large places.
Mr. SUMNER. I think it would be.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If we amend the amend-
ment by inserting $3,000 in place of $2,000 it
'will probably be right, and perhaps by the
next session we can get the 'information we
ought to have in reference to all these places,
so that we may fix the proper salary at each.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not object to that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I feel disposed, there-
fore, to move to amend the 'amendment by
striking out $2,000 and inserting $3,000 in the
eleventh line, and then to let it stand ; and I
make that motion.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to amend tho
amendment farther by inserting the word
" such" after the word " any" in line ten, so
as to read, "when the fees so collected by any
such consul or commercial agentso as to
confine the operation of the section to these
particular cases.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is right.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask the honorable chair-
man wjiether the act of-August 18, 1856, re-
ferred to in the particular amendment, does
not require the consuls to report to the State
Department.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think not; but the
amendment was not drawn by me but by the
Senator from Ohio.
Mr. JOHNSON. I understood the letter
from the Secretary of State to the Senator
from Maine to say that by the law as it now
stands they make a report to the State Depart-
ment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is those who are
' paid by fees.
Mr. JOHNSON. And he objects to this
particular amendment on the ground that so
far as it is concerned you are taking the con-
suls away from the State Department.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think by that act
they report to the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. SHERMAN. The intention was to ex-
tend the provision of the old act which applied
only to scheduled or salaried consuls to the
consuls who receive compensation in fees.
Mr. JOHNSON. That I understand.
Mr. SHERMAN. The eighteenth section
of the act of August, 1856, provides that—
"All fees collected at any of the legations, or by the
consuls general, consuls, and commercial agents men-
tioned in schedules 13 and C, and by vice consuls and
vice commercial agents appointed to perform their
duties, or by any other persons in their behalf, shall
be accounted foi; to the Seeietaryof the Treasury,
and held subject to his draft,"
Whoever drew the communication for the
State Department, made a mistake, because
the language of the law was followed in drawing
this section.
The amendment, as amended,was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ments reported by the Committee on Finance
are now completed.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am instructed by the
Committee on Commerce to pi opose I his amend-
ment to come in at the close of the first section
in the bill:
For repairs of cemetery, fences, and sexton's house
belonging to the United States in the city of Mexico,
31,500. to be expended under the direction of tho
President of the United States.
- [ have a report of the Committee on Com-
merce on this subject which cari be read if de-
sired. The appropriation is for the repairs of
the cemetexy in the city of Mexico where our
soldiers are buried.
Several Senators. State the substance of it.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 he cemetery is out of
repair; the fences are down ; and the consul
at the city of Mexico and our late minister in
Mcxico united in rocommeuding that this
