we
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 3,
Ho. of Reps.
New York Contested Election—Mr. MarshaE.
39th Cong....1st
might ha,ve subjected those officers to an indictment,
if the neglect was willful."
The court refers to quite a number of cases
to show that a failure on the part of the officers
to take the oath, although it is an indictable
offense in them, does not vitiate or affect the
election; and then further remarks that—
"These, and numerous other cases, show that tho
acts of public officers being in by color of an election,
or appointment, are valid, so far as the public is con-
cerned."
Again:
x "The statute requires that the inspectors, after
talcing the oath, shall appoint two clerks, who shall
take the constitutional oath. This is directory. If
no clerks can be procured the election is not to fail.
The inspectors must perform the duty which ordi-
narily is devolved upon tho clerks. The failure of
the clerks to take the oath did not render their acts
void. "he occasional interference of more inspectors
tnan tnree does not prejudice the return, since the
whole election was conducted by inspectors who were
at least such de facto, and for the mostof the time by
those who were such de jure."
And again :
"An officer de facto is one who comes into office by
color of a legal appointment or election. His acts in
that oapacity are as valid, so far as the public are con-
cerned, 08 the acts of an officer dejure. His title can-
not be inquired into collaterally. The doctrine on
this subjeot will be found in the following cases."
Citing a number of adjudicated cases.
Now, this case of The People vs. Cook settles
the question of law in dispute here. I intended
to refer to some other adjudicated cases ; I am
afraid of taking up too much time, but they
are in entire accordance with the views I have
taken. I will refer to Carpenter's case, 2
Parsons' Select Cases, page 53s>, where the
principles of law bearing upon questions of this
kind arediseussed by the court. The tendency
of the law and of all the decisions is that tech-
nicalities of this kind shall not be allowed to
prevail agains t the voice of the people. In the
Carpenter case the court says:
" Very soon after the passage of tho law, giving this
court authority to hear and adjudge upon tho valid-
ity ot the election of county officers, questions of this
character presented themselves to our attention.
W o saw and folt that we were called to assume a new
and dehcatejurisdiction, which, if not exercised with
prudeneo and circumspection, would involve the court
in tho heat and excitement of every contested elec-
tion in the county. We felt the necessity of assim-
ilating all such to other legal proceedings. Wo
demanded ot the partios seeking to impeach an elec-
tion return prcoisoncss and exactitude of allegation •
refusing to recognize all general charges. And we
confined tho petitioners to the spcciflc charges made,
refusing to permit them, under the pretense of a pre-
cise allegation, to enter into another experimental
attack on an election return, with the hope of find-
ing something in it which might affect its validity.
Wo required that a petition, contesting an electiou
return, should bo a thing, complete and perfect in
itself, setting forth precise allegations, and contain-
ing all necessary statements to show, that if such
allegations and statements were true, tho oleetion of
® returnedcaudidato must, of course, be vacated.
-Nothing less than this, we deemed, was due to a
thing so solemn as an election return, which is the
embodiment ot the popular will, the expression of the
sovereign power of the only sovereign known to our
Constitution, tho people. Awaro that the citizens
conducing these elections wore equally with our-
f ?iun-d .8.0lemn oaths to the faithful execu-
tion o* their duties, wc felt that the fundamental
maxim of the law, that all acts purporting to be done
i de^ac"> exercising such legal authority,
were to be presumed to be done rightly, applied to
them with tho same force as it would be to us by a-
higher tribunal. Hence, we demanded, as is always
demanded, wlieo the actions and doings of judicial,
u <i.rs iye "upeached, even for inlor-
if101"0 t^r u ' that those who make
such an assault must be prepared not only to state in
what exaetway these officers have violated theirduty,
but that they have violated such duty in a manner so
as to nullify tho election ot the individual apparently
chosen by the people. " '
' if--uoh officers were charged witl! offenses asrainst
the la w 111 conducting an election, if it was charged
that they had omitted to perioral certain directory
duties required by law, we said they merit it, and
ought to receive punishment for the offonse, but the
people should not be punished for the defaults of their
agents* A hat because from unfaithfulness or igno-
ranee, officers had disobeyed or neglected the declar-
atory mandates of the election law in conducting an
election, that this misconduct should not disfranchise
the people of the county who had not participated in
nor sanctioned their illegal acts. We saw that by so
doing, instead ofpunishing an officer for violating the
election law, we should disfranchise the people of a
district. Xhis wc could not but see would invite un-
principled partisans to commit such offenses in order
to defeat an honest majority by indirect, which they
could not overeomo by direct, means."
I might cite a number of cases to the same
effect, and will refer gentlemen who wish to ex-
amine the law in regard to this matter to Sker-
ritt's case in the same volume, where this subject
is very fully discussed. We are departing from
all the principles of law if we allow mere infor-
mality, if we allow neglect or ignorance on the
part of officers, to defeat the will of the electors
of the district, and to put in here a man who
was not chosen by a majority nor by a plurality
of the people of the district, to represent them
here. Look at former elections, and look at
subsequent elections in this district. They show
that the votes were very largely against the views
of the man who now claims the seat, and there
can be no honest pretense that Mr. Dodge
could under any circumstances have received
a greater vote than Mr. Brooks at that election.
There is no such pretense. There can be no
honest pretense that Mr. Dodge received a
majority or a plurality of the legal vote of that
district. But upon a mere technical objection
it is proposed to throw out election districts,
the effect of which will be to leave Mr. Dodge
with an apparent majority.
I will turn now to the fifteenth district of the
eighteenth ward, and I will dwell some little
time upon that, because the case turns mainly
upon it. If the House holds tho poll of that
district to be a void poll, and one that we can-
not receive, then, under the hypothesis of the
Committee of Elections, Mr. Brooks is not en-
titled to retain his seat. I hold, however, that
even in that case, the proper result wonld not
be to place Mr. Dodge in a seat to which he
was never elected, but to send the case back
to the people.
Now, what are the specifications in regard
to this fifteenth district of the eighteenth ward?
Inasmuch as the case turns principally upon
this district, I call the attention of the House
to the fact that there is no charge by the con-
testant that there was any fraud or irregularity
in the fifteenth district of the eighteenth ward.
There is no charge in the pleadings that in the
fifteenth district of the eighteenth ward there
was any fraud, or any irregularity of any char-
acter. The specification is that there were
illegalities "in the fifteenth district" without
naming any ward.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman tell me
whether there is any other fifteenth district in
the whole congressional district?
^ Mr. MARSHALL. There are three wards
in the district.
Mr. DAWES. Is there any other fifteenth
district?
Mr. MARSHALL. I do not know. It is
not a matter that has been submitted to me for
determination.
Mr. DAWES. But that is a highly important
point.
Mr. MARSHALL. Well, what is the fact
about it?
_ Mr. DAWES. I will state the fact that that
is the only fifteenth district in the whole con-
gressional district.
_ Mr. MARSHALL. I do not know how this
is ascertained. I am not aware that we have
any evidence on the subject but, admitting it
to be true, that might be an answer before a
town_meeting, but it is no answer to plead-
ings in court ; it is no answer to the law of
Congress, which requires that the contestant
shall specifically state the grounds upon which
he makes his contest. Whether there are fif-
teen or more districts in the other wards in
that congressional district it is not for me to
say. I know that in some wards in the city the
number of districts run up as high as twenty
or more. How do we know from the plead-
ings that the "fifteenth district," where no
ward is named, might not refer to some other
congressional district in the city of New York?
There is no such specification as the law re-
quires—the sitting member had no n otice of the
precise ground of contest—and therefore I in-
sist that legally we cannot properly go into
this investigation. But I will not dwell upon
that. I know that these technicalities do not
have much weight here, although I think that
here, as elsewhere, a party should be informed
by the pleadings upon what his adversary
relies.
There is another objection in regard to this
district to which I wish to call the attention of
the chairman of the Committee of Elections.
He has, both in his speech and in his report,
laid great stress upon the fact that the inspect-
ors or registrars, were not residents of that
election district. I call his attention to the
fact that in the pleadings there is no charge,
no specification, that they were not residents of
the district. Even if the ward had been men-
tioned there is no allegation whatever in regard
to this matter.
Mr, DAWES. I will sot to the gentleman
from Illinois that I think I can answer that;
but there are a good many other things in his
argument that 1 would like to answer, and I
prefer to take them all together.
Mr. MARSHALL. I would like to hear the
gentleman's answer now, if he has one.
. Mr. DAWES. Of course I hold that there
is an answer, and I will endeavor to show it.
Mr. MARSHALL. I never knew until to-
day that my friend was such a complete Yan-
kee as lie is. He has not answered directly a
single question put to him to-day.
Mr. DAWES. I submit that that is not
exactly candid. If the gentleman will recur
to any interrogatory that either he or the sit-
ting member put to me during my argument
that I did not answer, I will do it now.
Mr. MARSHALL. You may have answered,
but you traveled a long way round to get at it.
Air. DAWES. The difference between my
friend and myself is, that I take my own time
to answer. The gentleman insisted on putting
his interrogatories and prescribing the time
in which I should answer them. 1 will treat
him as he treats me, with entire candor. I
will answer his interrogatory when 1 come to
reply to his argument.
Mr. MARSHALL. This is a point that is
very important. I have not been able to find
any specification that the registrars were not
residents of the election district; and I want
the gentleman to show me where there is any
such specification. I think it but fair that he
should do so.
_ Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman insists upon
it that I shall answer him now, 1 will state that
there is a distinct allegation, and it is copied
into the report, that there were illegalities that
worked to the injury of the contestant.
Mr. MARSHALL. Does the gentleman call
that a definite specification 1
_ Mr. DAWES. That was one of the illegal-
ities.
Mr. MARSHALL. Then why make any
other specifications?
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman inquired if
there was any specification, and I gave him the
specification.
Mr. MARSHALL. Then I am to under-
stand that that is the specification, that these
registrars were not residents of the election
district?
Mr. DAWES. Under that specification you
can show any legality.
-MARSHALL. I hold that that is no
specification at all. It is no compliance with
the law of Congress, and it amounts to noth-
mg. If it covers this ground, why does it not
cover every ground? And why require a con-
testant to. say anything except that there were
illegalities' and " irregularities ?'' If it em-
braces that, it embraces everything.
, ®'r> *kis is the most transparent trifling with
the law of Congress. That is no specification
whatever. ^ It sets forth nothing as to what the
contestant intended to prove or rely upon.
[Here Mi\ Marshail, having but five min-
utes of his time left, gave way to a motion to
adjourn.]
