I860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
appYopriation.be made for the repairs of the
cemetery. That is the substance ot the report,
Mt it can be read, if Senators desire to hear it.
fir; SUMNER. I do not think it is neces-
sity.
.; Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest whether this
iterfhaii better not be put on some other bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is a consular recom-
mendation, and the Committee on Commerce
JjroboSfcd to put it on this bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But it is not a con-
sular matter.
Mr. CHANDLER. It may as well go on
ftiis bill as any other.
; Mr. FESSENDEN. In that I differ from
the Senator, It. strikes me as singularly in-
appropriate to this bill. It may well go on the
miscellaneous bill at the end of the session,
where we insert various miscellaneous items.
I think it . ought not to go 011 this bill. I do
not objbet to the appropriation, but I do not
"think this is the proper place for it. We never
do ptit things of that sort in this bill. Tt has
"nothing to do with the consular and diplomatic
service.
. Mr. CHANDLER. It may just as well go
on this bill as any other.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is no propriety
in putting on this bill something entirely in-
appropriate to it, when there are other bills to
whiqfri it would be appropriate.
Mr. CHANDLER. *1 think it more appro-
priate to this bill than any other.
Mr. FESSENDEN. there are 110 consuls
buried there.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is a matter brought to
our notice by a recommendation of one of our
consuls. I think it belongs quite as much to
this bill as to any other.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not think it is to
be put on the consular and diplomatic bill
merely because a consul advised it, when there
are other bills to which it would be appropriate.
Mr. CHANDLER, The committee thought
it better to put it on this bill, and therefore in-
structed me to report it here.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Probably it did not
occur to the committee that this was not the
proper place for it.
Mr. CHANDLER. What place would be
more proper?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The miscellaneous ap-
propriation bill at "the end of the session ; it
would be very proper there.
Mr. SUMNER. I am sure that more than
once similar appropriations have been put on
this bill. I remember that, at least once I
moved such an appropriation to the civil and
diplomatic bill to repair the cemetery at Con-
stantinople.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is the money to be
expended by the consul?
Mr. CHANDLER. Under his supervision.
I think this is the place for it.
Mr. SUMNER. I think it may come in here.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If it is a proper ap-
propriation I suppose there will be no harm
done by putting it here ; but I should like to
hear the evidence.
« Mr. CHANDLER. Let the report be road.
The Secretary read as follows:
-The Committee on Commerce to whom wa<; referred
the letter of Hon. William II. Seward, Secretary of
State, bearing date March 5,1S66, indorsing commu-
nications from Marcus Ottenberg, relative to the con-
dition of the American cemetery at the city of Mexico,
report:
That by the provisions of the act of Congress,
approved September 28,1850, $10,000 was appropriated
for purchasing, walling, and ditching a piece of land
near the city of Mcxico for a cemetery or burial
ground for such of the officers and soldiers of our
Army as fell in battle or died in and around said city,
and for the interment of American citizens who had
died or may die in said city. The money thus ap-
propriated was expended by direction of the Presi-
dent of the United States for the object specified in
the act. Seven hundred and fifty American officers
and soldiers who died in and about the city of Mex-
ico during the war, were interred in the eround thus
acquired, and since thewaralarge number of Amer-
ican citizens have also been interred there. The
American consul now represents that the cemetery
is in a nc-gleeted and dilapidated condition, and esti-
mates that it will require $i,o00to lepair the ceme-
tery, the sexton's house, and for other ncccssary
repairs in and about the premises. The committee
recommend that $1,500 be appropriated for the pur-
pos&specitied, to be expended under the direction of
the President,.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations to move an amend-
ment to come 111 on page 2, line sixteen, after
the word "dollars*" in the shape of a proviso:
Provided, That an envoy extraordinary and minis-
ter plenipotentiary appointed at anyplace where the
United States are now represented by a minister resi-
dent shall receive the compensation fixed bylaw and
appropriated for a minister resident and no more.
I should like to make a brief explanation of
this amendment. It will be perceived from its
place that it comes after the appropriation for
salaries of envoys extraordinary and ministers
plenipotentiary and ministers resident. The
object in one word—that, [ will slate precisely
before proceeding into detail—is to authorize
the Government to employ in its discretion per-
sons with the title of envoys extraordinary and
ministers plenipotentiary where it now employs
ministers resident, but without any increase of
salary. This subject has occupied the atten-
tion of the committee for several years : it has
been more than once, I think, brought before
the Senate. The committee in their recent con-
sideration of it, I think, were unanimous that
the good of the service, especially in Europe,
required that this change should bo made.
From all the information that comes to us, it
appears that olir ministers at the courts where
they have only the title of ministers resident
play a second part to gentlemen with the title
of envoy extraordinary and minister pleni-
potentiary, though representing Governments
which we certainly should not consider in point
of rank in the world 011 an equality with ours.
They are second to them ; in short, to use a
familiar illustration and simply in order to bring
the difference home to the Senators, when they
call unon business or appear anywhere they
bear the same relation to the envoys extraor-
dinary of those smaller Governments that,
for instance, a member of the other House
when he waits upon the President of the Uni-
ted States, as we know, bears to the Senators.
The Senator is admitted to the President, when
the member of the other Ho"use_, as we know,
waits. It is so noiv with the ministers resident
of the United States as compared with persons
of a higher title at tho courts to which they are
accredited, although those gentlemen with a
higher title represent what I have already said
we should -regard as inferior Powers.
I hold in- my hand, by way of illustration,
the last Almanac of Gotha, for 18U0, which is
the diplomatic authority for tho world, and has
been now for about a century ; and by way of
example, I turn to the diplomatic list for the
Netherlands, where it will be remembered we
are represented by a patriotic citizen, well
known to most of 11s, and who was connected
with the press, Mr. Pike, with the" title of
minister resident. By looking at the list, I
find at this same court that the Grand Duchy
of Baden is represented by an envoy extraor-
dinary and minister plenipotentiary, that Bel-
gium, the adjoining country, and with a popu-
lation much inferior to Our own, is represented
by an envoy extraordinary and minister plen-
ipotentiary; that Denmark, anation which now,
since she has been shorn of the two prov-
inces of Sclileswig and Holstein, has not a
million and a half of population, is represented
by an envoy extraordinary and minister plen-
ipotentiary. Spain, of course, is represented
by an envoy extraordinary and minister plen-
ipotentiary. Even the Grand Duchy of Hesse
is so represented; so is tho kingdom of
Italy; so is tho Dueliy of Nassau ; so is Portu-
gal, so is Prussia, and so on. In transacting
business the American minister resident at the
court of the Hague is always treated as second
to all these representatives. I have alluded
to the relations which we bear to the head of
the executive department here as compared
with members of the other House. I doubt
not that Senators know there is an advantage
in that in the dispatch of business, in having
access promptly and perhaps with a certain
consideration which doeg not always attach f6:
those of the inferior'rank. ,
That, in brief, is an outline of "the present
condition of things. I think thei'e ate none
of the courts where bur representatives do not
complain that they suffer personally and In the
public interests which they represent' through
this inferior position, and, the object of tho
froposition now moved is to relieve this eviL
t is to secure to these representatives the
advantages which we covet for our country to
the end that their own respectability may be
enhanced and that they may transact the pub-
lie business with the most effect.
It is not proposed—and now I come to the
suggestion which the Senator from Iowa has
made iji a whisper—it is not proposed that
there shall be any increase of salary.
• Mr. CON.NESS. That will come next year.
Mr. SUMNER. I will come to that.
Mr. GRIMES. That is not the suggestion
I made. The suggestion I made in a whisper,
which the Senator seems to have heard, is that
Mr. Pike, the gentleman to whom he alludes,
in a letter to me ridiculed this whole propo-
sition.
Mr. SUMNER. I think he must be the
only one, then, that does it.
Mr. GRIMES. _ That may be. I have no
correspondence with any but him.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to see the
Mr. GRIMES. I think the Senator from
Maine has seen it.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well. I will finish
what little I have to say. I can only say, that
from my experience in this matter, with some
opportunities of observation and reflection, and
with 110 personal interest in it whatever, with
no desire to advance the interest of any human
beina, and at this moment having no one of
our functionaries in view, simply speaking for
the interests of my country, as I understand
them, abroad, I am satisfied that they would
be promoted by this change. And now comes
the remark of the Senator from California that
next year will be the demand for an increase
of salary.
Mr. CONNESS. Perhaps it may be a year
further 011.
Mr. SUMNER. Perhaps the year after, or
ten years from now. I do not know that it
may not come; but I bring this forward in
good faith. I do not bring it forward merely
by myself; I bring it forward now as the rep-
resentative of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions on this floor, after having carefully con-
sidered it, and believing, as I do, that the
public interests will be promoted by it.
Now, a question may arise as to the form in
which it is presented. I should like to have
tho Secretary read the proposition before I
comment on it.
The Secretary read the amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. It will be observed that the
proposition does not undertake to empower
the President, or to direct him, to make this
change, but it assumes, according to a certain
theory of the Constitution, that under the Con-
stitution it is in the discretion of the President
to send embassadors, envoys extraordinary, or
ministers resident, or any other diplomatic
functionary in his discretion. Congress having
only the discretion of supplying tho "means.
'J'ho Constitution says:
"Tie [the President] shall have power by and with
the advieeand eonscntof theSenateto make treaties,
provided two thirds of the Senators present concur,
and I10 shall nominate, and by and with the advico
and consent of the Senate shall appoint, embassadors,
other public ministers, and consuls."
It was in pursuance of this provision of the
Constitution that in 185G, when our consular
and diplomatic system was revised, the follow-
ing provision was enacted; and here again you
will observe that the provision does not under-
take' to empower the President to appoint
embassadors, envoys extraordinary, or other
. diplomatic functionaries, but it assumes that
j he may do it, and proceeds to supply the salary.
I The provision is as follows:
' " That&mbassadors, envoysextraordinary, andmin-
