1866,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the Postmas-
ter General be, anil he is hereby, authorized to cause
tbemails to be transported by sailing vessel* between
any port of the United States and any foreign port or
ports, allowing and paying therefor any sum not ex-
ceeding the sea postage on the mails so transported.
ifr. ALLEY. I move that that section be
stricken out, as it was contained in an appro-
priation bill which we passed the other day.
The motion was agreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That so much of
the seventh section of the act entitled "An act to
amend the laws relating to the Post Office Depart-
ment," approved March 3,1S63, as provides for the
publication of the list of undelivered letters in any
post othce in newspapers having the largest circula-
tion within the |/Q -i ofiice delivery, be, and the same
is hereby, repealed; and the mode of publishing lists
of undelivered letters shall bo at the discretion of the
Postmaster General.
Mr. WASHBGRNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman does not really expect that we will
f agree to any such section as that.
Mr. ALLEY. Why not? This section was
asked for by the Department, and was adopted
by the committee unanimously.
Mr. FAIINSWORTH. What reasons are
there for it ?
Mr. ALLEY. I will sav, in the first place,
that it entails upon the Department a large
expense : and that something less than twenty-
five per cent, of the advertised letters are called
for. The Department pays for advertisements
of letters over sixty thousand dollars a year.
It seems to the Department to be to a consid-
erable degree an unnecessary expense. They
are required now to advertise in those papers
having the largest circulation, and are obliged
to pay two ceni s a letter, and but for that provis-
ion they would be able to get most of them
advertised for a cent apiece. If the Postmaster
General be allowed to advertise in such papers
only as he may choose, and to the extent lie
, may deem necessary, it will save much to the
Government, and do little or no damage to any-
body.
Mr. WASHBIJRNE, of Illinois. I think
the law is right as it is. It has existed for a
long time. 1 think it is just and proper that
the paper having the largest circulation should
have the publication of the list of letters, I
do not care to what party it may belong. I do
not believe in giving the power to the Post-
master General to transfer the publication of
these lists to papers which have very little cir-
culation.
Mr. STEVENS. "1 move to amend by strik-
ing out the following words:
In anyposl office, in newspapers having the largest
circulation within the post ofliee delivery, be, and the
same.
That will leave it so that undelivered letters
may not be published at all unless the post-
master sees proper ; but if they are to be pub-
lished at all they should be published in the
papers which have some readers.
Mr. KASSON. I think that proposition
strikes right at the point; for I remember very
well that in many eases it has been deemed
expedient for years simply to post up a list of
the letters advertised in the post-ofliee, where
wc can glways find a crowd looking at them,
even after they have been published in the
newspapers. I agree with the gentleman from
Pennsylvania that if the list is published in
any papers at all it should be in those of the
largest circulation. If posting a list in the
post office is sufficient, then it will certainly
economize expenditures.
Mr. RAYMOND. I think if the list is pub-
lished at all it ought to be published in the
newspapers having the largest circulation. But
the chairman of the Post Office Committee [Mr.
Alley] knows, whether other gentlemen here
know or uot, that it is utterly impossible to do
this at present rates. The rates provided by
law may be very extravagant or they may not;
but it is utterly'inipossible at those rates to get
this list published in any newspaper of any
considerable circulation published in any large
city.
I think I but state a fact well known to every
one here at all familiar with this subject, that
in the city of New York the Postmaster Gen-
eral has endeavored in vain to get this list pub-
lished, not only in the papers having the largest
circulation, but even in those papers standing
the second, third, or fourth on the list of cir-
culation. And a list is now published and
posted up in the post office building. ,
If this list is to be published in the newspa-
pers having the largest circulation, then a rate
of payment must be provided adequate to se-
cure that publication. Unless that can be done
perhaps the only thing that can be done is to
let the Postmaster General use his discretion
in selecting such papers as will publish at the
rate now fixed by law.
Mr. ALLEY. I do not know that I object
to the amendment of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Stevens;] still I think the sec-
tion is better as it now stands, because it gives
the Postmaster General the authority which he
needs. But as it seems to be the desire of the
gentleman to limit it in the way he proposes, 1
shall not make any strenuous opposition to it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
want to repeal the provision of the law here
referred to. I think the most of the news-
papers, outside of the city of New York, ad-
vertise the letter-list at the priccs fixed by law.
New York may be exceptional, probably is.
I think the law is substantially right as it is.
Everybody knows that letters are advertised in
the papers, and the people are accustomed to
look in certain papers for the list.
I therefore move to strike out this whole
section.
The section was as follows :
Sec. 5. And be it further enartrd. That so much of
the seventh section of the act entitled "An act to
amend the laws relating to the Poat Office Depart-
ment," approved March 3,1R153, as provides for the
publication of the li«t of undelivered letters in any
pest oflicc in newspapers having the largest circula-
tion within the po^, othce delivery, be, and the same
is hereby, repealed ; and the mode of publishing lists
of undelivered letters shall beat the discretion of the
Postmaster General.
Mr. ALLEY. I hope that motion will not
prevail. I see no objection to placing this
matter in the, hands of the Postmaster General
to the extent here proposed. A great many
letters are advertised, for which advertising is
unnecessary ; it subjects the Department to
great expense, and it' the Postmaster General
is permitted to exercise discretion in the mat-
ter the advantage is very great. The annual
expense of advertising letters is about sixty
thousand dollars; while less than twenty-five
per cenl., in fact only about twenty-two per
cent., of the whole number of letters adve?tised
are ever called for. I therefore submit to the
House whether, under the circumstances, it is
not better to take this section with the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
rather than subject the country to this great
expense for the comparatively little advantage
derived from it. Then the Postmaster Gen-
eral, whenever he shall deem it expedient, will
advertise the list of letters, and when he does
advertise will do so in the papers having the
largest circulation. It seems to mo that covers
all the ground that can be desired.
Mr. SCOP1E LD. Thegentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Alley] says that only about
twenty-two per cent, of the number of letters
advertised are called for. I suppose that he
might say. in addition to that fact, that proba-
bly not five per cent, are called for in conse-
quence of their being ad\ ertised; that the
largest number of advertised letters called for
are called for by persons who would have
called for them even if the advertisement had
not been made.
Mr. RAYMOND. I think the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] is mis-
taken, inasmuch as it is required, when adver-
tised ietters arc called for, that the fact that
they have been advertised shall be stated by
the persons calling for them.
Mr. SLOAN, i hope this entire section will j
be stricken out, for as I understand the. law as i
it now stands, the 'Postmaster General has all
the discretion that is necessary. If the paper
having the largest circulation will not publish
the list of letters at the rate prescribed by law,
the Postmaster General is authorized to have
it published in the paper having the nest
largest circulation; and so on down until he
obtains its publication in some newspaper.
And if the papers all refuse to publish the list,
then he may, as the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Raymond] has stated, have printed lists
to be posted in the post office building. There-
fore he has now all the power that is neces-
sary.
And the only object which this section, if it
becomes a law, can accomplish will be to allow
the Postmaster General to selcet the newspa-
per, irrespective of the amount of its circula-
tion—any newspaper which he may choose.
And the giving out of the advertising of this
letter-list will be made a matter of mere parti-
san favoritism, iftstead of the Postmaster Gen-
eral being required, as he is now by daw, to
give it to the paper having the largest circula-
tion. I believe the law as it now stands con-
fers ample power upon the Postmaster Gen-
eral to have the list published in any newspa-
per that will publish it at the rates fixed by law.
I for one am decidedly opposed to allowing the
Postmaster General to give this advertising to
any paper he pleases as a reward for its par-
tisan and political services. By the law, as it
now stands, that matter was -expressly taken
out of the hands of the Postmaster General ;
because, as we all know, if the power exists on
the part of any public officer to do so, these
matters arc always given to political favorites
as a reward for partisan services. It is far bet-
ter for the public, and I suppose it would bo
far better for the Postmaster General himself,
to Mive this matter fixed by law, without re-
quiring him to exorcise his discretion at all.,
Mr. ALLEY. The gentleman from Wiscon-
sin [Mr. Sloax] is mistaken in supposing that
the Postmaster General has the power he de-
scribes. He lias not the power of selecting
beyond the paper having the largest circula-
tion. In consequence of that he is compelled
to pay the rate proscribed by law—that is, two
cents for each letter—when in a great many
cases he might be able to get the advertising
done for less, for even one cent per letter. I
understand from the Postmaster General that
he can get nearly all the letter advertising for
one cent per let,ter but for this law, which prac-
tically fixes the rate at two cents each letter.
Mr. SLOAN, Then I would suggest that
this section be amended so as to give the Post-
master General the power, if the paper having
the largest circulation will not publish the list,
to select the paper having the next largest cir-
culation. And also give him the power to ob-
tain the publication of the list at a less rate
than that now fixed by law wherever lie can
do so. I would be willing to support such an
amendment as that..
Mr. WILSON, of'Iowa. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Allet] says tliaUiut about
twenty-five per cent, of the advertised letters
are called for. I apprehend that arises from
the fact that the advertised letters are not deliv-
ered unless the parties to whom they are ad-
dressed call for them and state when they do ,
so that the letters are advertised. A letter
may be in a list advertised to-day; the party
to whom it is addressed may call at the post
office to-morrow for letters, but not having
seen the advertised list he does not call for an
advertised letter, and thus fails to receive it.
All that difficulty could be obviated by requir-
ing the postmaster to examine both his adver-
tised list and the other letters, so that whoever
calls for letter! may receive all there may be
in the office for him. I apprehend if that were
the practice instead of the practice now in
force, nearly all the advertised letters would
be delivered. The difficulty is that parties do
not see the advertised list, and are therefore
not apprised that it is necessary for them to
call for an advertised letter.
