8578
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
I thought I had that act before me, but I have
not. I can get it very easily.
Mr. COWAN. It submitted it to the people;
there is no doubt about that.
Mr. WADE!. As I have stated, there is no
doubt that it was left to the vote of the people
of Alexandria. Now, Mr. President, believing
the act of retrocession to be entirely unauthor-
ized by the Constitution of the United States ;
believing, as I do, that it was gotten up for no
other purpose than as preparatory to the seces-
sion of the States that took place afterward, I
desire to repeal tha act. We all know that the
abstractionists and secessionist1.), the statesmen
representing old Virginia in this Senate, for
many years had been hostile to the Union of
these States, or, at all events, had contended
for doctrines utterly destructive to the perma-
nent Union of the States, claiming the right to
annul any law that was unpalatable to a sov-
ereign State of this Union, claimiug the right
to secede from this Union, peaceably, as they
called it, whenever a State should believe that
circumstances existed which in its judgment
would warrant and authorize such a proceed-
ing. They did not claim the right of revolu-
tion, which we all admit, taking the hazard and
the consequences of it. When any people are
so oppressed by the laws under which they live
that they believe the hazard of a violent rev-
olution is justified, I grant you they must be
the judges; but these secessionists claimed the
peaceable right under the Constitution to se-
cede, not as a revolutionary but as a constitu-
tional right. They had been dreaming over that
subject, arguing upon it in Congress, mooting
it everywhere, until it became the prevailing
doctrine in all the southern States ; and it was
meditated even at that time that those States
were to secede from the Union; and nothing
which could have been done to prepare the
States for the attempted disunion by violence
that took place afterward could have been
better calculated to forward the success of
such an attempt than first to get back that part
of the District of Columbia which came from
Virginia. It brought the sovereignty, as they
called it, of that State right up under your
Capitol, for old Virginia has always claimed
the Potomac river up to the Maryland bank,
and brought your Capitol right under the guns
of the State. You cannot defend your Capitol
against the State unless you have the entire
territory that you stipulated for under the Con-
stitution and as was provided for in the original
act of Congress.
Why did our fathers claim so large a terri-
tory as ten miles square for the seat of Gov-
ernment? It was for the reason to which I
have already alluded. Previously Congress had
been held in a State, subject as it were to State
jurisdiction, subject to all the turbulence that
might be stirred up by State authorities, who
might perhaps in time propose to drive mem-
bers of Congress from their seats. They saw
the propriety of having a territory at least large
enough to enable them to defend themselves
against the point-blank shot of their enemies
if a civil war should arise; and according to
modern gunnery it takes fully ten miles square
if you desire to put your Capitol effectually
beyond the reach of cannon-shot at this day.
Now, sir, what a predicament are we in!
When the rebellion broke out, every member
of the Senate who was here then remembers
how we expected, jea were afraid, that on
Arlington heights the rebels would erect forti-
fications and plant their batteries for the de-
struction of this city, or this Capitol. And
what shall prevent the State of Virginia to-
morrow, if she should meditate another attempt
to go out of the Union, from erecting fortifica-
tions there, placing them on lier own soil as
she calls it now, within range of your Capitol,
compelling us to legislate here under the guns
of an enemy?
Mr. President, I have stated some of the
reasons which were potential at the time in
inducing the requirement of so large a terri-
tory for the national capital. Ten miles square
is none too large to give us entire independ-
ence within the jurisdiction of the United States,
subject to no State interference, to no State
authority whatever. It is not too large for us
to fortify, if we please, against all foreign ag-
gression. And yet this retrocession, as I said
before, does away with all this security and
places us under the control of a "sovereign
State."
But, besides all this, we have a great num-
ber of petitions presented here asking for the
passage of this bill. When it was first agitated
about the time this session commenced there
seemed to be very great opposition to the meas-
ure. Almost all the original secessionists in
Alexandria were entirely opposed to any such
thing. They claimed to belong to the State
of Virginia,, and it was their ardent desire to
stay there ; they did not like to be under the
jurisdiction of the Congress of the United
States. But I have observed, and the petitions
on file show, that as the question has been
agitated there among all classes it has become
more and more popular, and I believe to-day,
and I am informed by some of the best men
there, that they have no doubtthat a majority of
the people of Alexandria themselves wish to
come back to the old fold from which they were
driven by an act unauthorized by the Consti-
tution of the United States. The taxation of
the State is exceedingly grievous to be borne,
and they find that by going out from u-nder the
jurisdiction of Congress into that of the State
of Virginia they have lost immensely in every
way, and they wish now to get under the shadow
of this great Government, and be governed by
its equitable laws, and freed from that onerous
burden of debt that would rest upon them as
members of the State of Virginia, and I claim
that they have a perfect right to prefer this.
Besides, sir, it should be remembered that
we have a great cemetery on Arlington heights
where lie the bones of many brave and patri-
otic men who fell in defense of their country,
a place held sacred and revered by every patri-
otic man and woman in the United States. We
are bound to protect their remains from that
indignity to which they will be subjected if we
allow them to be under the jurisdiction of the
State of Virginia.
But, Mr. President, it has been said by some
with whom I have conversed that this is a con-
stitutional question, that if the act of retroces-
sion was not authorized by the Constitution of
the United States those affected can bring a
process in the courts of the United States and
try the question there. I do not deny that that
may be done; but it is a great hardship to put
upon the Union people who have ever been
loyal, who have ever resisted what almost every-
body considered an unauthorized and uncon-
stitutional act, the burden of prosecuting such
a suit. We ought to place them back on the
same footing that they would have occupied if
no such unwarrantable law had been passed.
It is their right to claim that; it is their due;
and I hope every gentleman here will be will-
ing to award it to them.
Sir the great capital, laid out by the Father
of his Country, the territory surveyed, as it
were, under his own eye, and most dear to his
own patriotic heart, has been mutilated by this
act. There ought to be some reverence paid
to those who made the compromise under which
this District was made the seat of Government—
the greatest compromise that ever took place
under our Constitution. We ought not thus
ruthlessly to tear it up and annul it. How was
it brought about? I have alluded to the fact
that the question was so important a one that
it endangered the Union itself; and how did
we get over the difficulty? Every gentleman
acquainted with the history of his country
knows full well that after we came out of the
war of the Revolution, burdened with an enor-
mous debt, there was a great question to be
settled, how that debt should be disposed of;
one party claiming that the debt should be
funded and taken under the protection of the
United States Government, and paid by it, and
the other claiming that the States should pay
the debt, as they had incurred it. The latter
proposition was very unjust, in my judgment,
because it would have thrown the great burden
of the debt of the Revolution upon the north-
ern States, who had furnished infinitely the
greatest number of troops, who had been at
infinitely the greatest expense during that war;
and consequently they declared that the debt
ought to be funded and paid by the General
Government; and the other party took the
opposite ground, and opposed it because.it
threw the debt off the shoulders of one section
of the country and compelled the other to
participate in it according to their ability or
according to the equitable rules which pre-
vailed in collecting taxes for the payment of the
.debts.
Another controversy existing at that time,
just about as stubborn, just about as uncon-
trollable, just about as hopeless to settle, was.,
on the question where the seat of Government
should be located. There were three or four
places that were contended for. Mr. Madison,
as you will see when you come to read his
speech on the subject, declared that the Union
could not have been formed if it had been be-
lieved that the seat of Government was to be
located upon the Susquehanna river, which
was one of the places proposed, or on the Del-
aware river, which was another. The place
could not be agreed upon. Congress had sep-
arated, and the prospect of agreement on these
subjects seemed to be entirely hopeless. Finally
some of the leading statesmen at the time with
great difficulty got some of the members to-
gether and agreed that a compromise should
be made by fixing the seat of Government here
and funding the debt. The North yielded its
side of the controversy by bringing the seat of
Government down to the Potomac, and the
South gave up its opposition to the funding of
the debt. The two things were brought to-
gether and the controversy was settled in that
way; and although we have receded a great
while from that period, it seems to me to be a
•want of good faith now to tear up that agree-
ment. I think it ought to remain as they fixed
it in settling the great and dangerous contro-
versy which existed at that time. I feel that
this is the right of the Union men in Alexan-
dria and all that part of the District which lias
been turned over into the State of Virginia,
who have been persecuted in person and prop-
erty by a kind of vindictive process beyond
what they would have been if they had never
belonged to this District. This is their wish.
They look to us as the ark of their safety,- as
the jurisdiction to which they have always prop-
erly belonged; their hearts are with us,, and
always have been with us. They were turned
away by this unauthorized act, that was got up
undoubtedly in aid of this great rebellion that
it so much favored, bringing the walls of your
Capitol under the guns of a hostile State.
Mr. President, I do not wish to prolong the
argument on this subject. Indeed, I do not
know that I could throw any additional light
on it if I went into more detail, because all the
facts pertaining to the history of the Govern-
ment in this respect are understood by every
Senator present. We are all aware of the pol-
icy that dictated this mutilation and division.
It was done at a time when the State of old
Virginia was most potential in Congress. You
cannot find an instance in the history of the
Government for twenty years prior to that
time where the will of that State bad ever failed
in either branch of Congress. Whatever she
'demanded was a law. She demanded this, and
the subservient statesmen of that day jielded
to her imperious demand without the authority
of the Constitution. They ought not to have
done it. The people being wronged and out-
raged and their rights trampled on by means
of it, appeal to us now, in better times, to rec-
tify the mistake that was made at that period.
I hope we shall do it.
Mr. DAVIS. I happened to be a member
of the House of Representatives when Alex-
andria was relroeeded to Virginia, and 1 vuted
against the measure. I voted against it be-
cause I did not think it was competent for Con-
