594
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
reproaches is possible; but we have had a great
contest; they are defeated ; we are the vietoi-s; ]
we are not their enemies, but we are the friends j
of our whole country and the cause of justice
and liberty. We can afford to do right and be
just, and let them say or do just what they
please, it is our high duty to the whole country
and all its people. Whenever I can give a vote
that shall improve the value of an acre of land,
or secure the rights or interests of any man
there, or develop the resources of that portion
of the country, or in any way accommodate
that people, I intend to give that vote. I be-
lieve" this measurewill be for their interest, and
will harm no one in any respect whatever; and
so believing I shall vote for it.
I believe it to be the duty of the executive
officers of the Government to religiously com-
ply with the laws of the land, and to employ
proper men in that section of the country to fill
the offices antl to do the business; but under,
existing laws the Postmaster General cannot
accommodate, at any rate at otice, the people of
that section of the country; and 1 understand
that this bill is introduced here with the view of
accommodating the people on account of the
difficulty of finding loyal men to fill their post
offices. Believing that its passage can do 110
harm to the country, that it will be safe, and will
be an advantage not only to that section but to all
portions of the country, I shall cheerfully vote
for it.
Mr. NYE. I am not quite willing to be left
in exactly the position in which 1 am placed by
being told by the Senator from Connecticut and
my honorable friend from California that there
has been no change in the bill, and yet that 1
am satisfied with it as it is, when I opposed it
so strenuously the other day. 11' their construc-
tion of the bill is true, i desire still to oppose
it; but, sir, 1 do not think it is true. What
satisfied me with the bi.'l was, that they struck
out the words ''soiling upon credit." I am
willing that the Postmaster General shall be
responsible for these stamps, and deposit them
where he pleases ; he must account to the Gov-
ernment for them; but I was entirely unwilling
that he should open the Department as a dc-
partmentof merchandise and for selling stamps
upon credit. If that makes no difference in the
bill, T am unable to comprehend what my friends
would call a difference.
Mr. DIXON. If the Senator will allow me,
I will state that the Postmaster General did con-
sider that this amendment made an important
difference in the bill, and I10 told mo that he
intended to have it drawn in this shape at first,
but by mistake itwas drawn up by a clerk in the
form in which it was originally presented here,
which was objectionable to him. [ merely in-
tended to say that 1 did not see thai the amend-
ment altered the bill in its legal effect.
Mr. NYU. I do.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 will not undertake to add
anything to what has been said 011 this subject
as the time for voting has arrived, if the bill is
to be voted upon this morning, and I hope we
may get a vote. If the Senator from Nevada
is satisfied with the change, 1 am sure I am. I
know there is a change in the language.
Mr. N YK. If my friend is satistied with it,
I am. If he is satisfied with his version that
there is no change, I am satisfied with my own,
that there is a most material one; and so was
the Postmaster General.
Mr. CON NESS. Then we are both pleased
Mr. COWAN. I have only a wont to say,
and it is rather general than particular. It has
been the"custom here recently to assail mem-
bers of the Cabinet for derelictions of duty, and
to base charges against them upon anonymous
letters. Sir, I think that is not fair to gentle-
men holding the responsible positions that the
Postmaster General and the Secretary of the
Treasury hold to this country. I think it is
exceedingly unfair that their influence and the
confidence the country has in them should be
attempted to be weakened and destroyed in
this way. Here we have letters read this"morn-
ing which assail the action of the Postmaster
General. Have the writers of those letters, if
they are respectable men—and perhaps the legal
presumption, if all legal presumptions are not
now to be traversed, is in favor of the fact that
they are respectable—have they informed these
officers of the means by which these difficul-
ties can bo avoided? And if they have not in-
formed them, by what warrant are they to come
here, in the first and the highest council of the
country, to assail them? The writer of one of
these letters says there is no difficulty about
this matter; the Postmaster General is entirely
derelict in his duty, or he is mistaken as to the
means which he has within his reach to perform
that duty. He says he could fill all the offices
in the South ten times over with loyal men,
with Union soldiers, if you please. Why has
he not given the proper officer that informa-
tion? Why does he wait until that officer comes
here and asks for power to avoid the difficulty
before he discloses that there was a legitimate
and lawful means of performing it within the
reach of the offiecr?
Mr. President, 1 have no disposition to be-
come either the counsel, the advocate, or the
friend of these officers; but 1 do dislike, in an
assembly of this kind, where these men have
no opportunity to be heard in reply, that, these
insinuations should be cast upon them, and
that the country should be led to believe that
somehow or other, covertly, they are trying
to do something which is inconsistent with the
duty they owe to their country and their sworn
obcdicnee to the law. This is openly charged
here as being in violation of the law. It either
is, or is not. If it is in violation of the law, I
would be more inclined to believe the officer,
that the obstacle in his way was insurmount-
able, and that ho violated the law only because
there was a paramount obligation resting upon
him to carry out a higher and a paramount
law.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday.
Mr. DIXON. I hope that by general con-
sent the vole will be.allowed to be taken upon
this bill.
Mr. COWAN. I hppe that wi'l be done. I
understand there is no serious objection to the
passage of the bill, and 1 desire its passage
because I think it is necessary to the proper
working of the Department.
Air. TRUMBULL. I must insist on the or-
der of the day this morning, because we have
an hour fixed for voting upon it. and if we lose
part of the time now it will interfere with that
arrangement.
Mr. DIXON. The Senator must see that
the bill can be passed now immediately.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Senators are constantly
rising to speak upon it.
Mr. P1XON. , There will be no further
debate.
Mr. TR UMBULL. If the vole can be taken
at once without further debate, I will not object.
Mr. CONXESS. 1 move that the order of
the day be laid over informally until a vote can
be taken upon this bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
laid aside informally if there be no objection.
None being made, Senate bill No. 71 is still
before the Senate, and the question is on the
amendment reported from the Committee on
Post Othees and Post Roads.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. DIXON. I move to amend the title of
the bill by striking out the words ''on credit,''
so that it will read: "A bill relative to the sale
of postage stamps and stamped envelopes.1'
The PfUiSIDENTprotonjXW. That amend-
ment will be made, and that will stand as the
title of the bill, if there be no objection.
Mr. NYE. It seems to me, to make the title
consonant with the bill, it should read: "A bill
to authorize the Postmaster General to de-
posit postage' stamps and stamped envelopes
for sale."
Mr. DIXON. I consent to that amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The titte
of the bill will be so amended.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersou, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had agreed
to the amendments of the Senate to the bill
(H. R. No. 61) to establish certain post roads,
with an amendment, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate.
PROTECTION OE CIVIL EIGHTS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The unfin-
ished business of yesterday is now before the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole, being
the bill (S. No. 01) to protect all persons in the
United States in their civil rights, and furnish
the means of their vindication ; upon which the
Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I ask the Senator from
Kentucky to give way to allow me 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It will not take so long
as the objection. I merely desire to obtain
leave to withdraw from the files some papers.
The PJIESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky is entitled to the floor.
Does he yield ?
Sir. DAVIS. If the honorable Senator from
Illinois will not take it out of my time.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the honorable Sena-
tor from Kentucky allow me to make a motion?
Mr. DAYIS. If this time is not charged
against the bill, if I receive credit for it, I am
willing to give way.
Mr. JOHNSON. It will take but a moment
to act on the motion I desire to make.
Mr. DAVIS. With the general understand-
ing that we shall have what time is lost by these
preliminary proceedings, I am ready to give
way.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to any inter-
ference with the bill under consideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.. The Chair
would respectfully ask the Senator from Ken-
tucky if he yields the floor to the Senator from
Wisconsin.
Mr. DAVIS. Under the protest of the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois I do not feel will-
ing to do so.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Will the honorable Sen-
ator from Kentucky 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky has the floor, and declines
to yield. It is his prerogative to hold the floor.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. i appeal to the Senator
from Kentucky- 
Mr. DAVIS. I yield the floor for the pur-
pose the Senator from Wisconsin desires.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 desire to state to the
honorable Senator from Kentnekv that I did
not seek the floor for any purpose of interfer-
ing with his remarks, but merely to ask leave
to withdraw from the files certain papers and •
refer them to a committee.
Mr. DAVIS. I am satisfied 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If this explanation is
not satisfactory 
Mr. DAVIS. It is perfectly so to me, but
whether it is to the Senator from Illinois is
another question. [Laughter.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is not satisfactory to
me. Yv'e have a morning hour for all this morn-
ing business, and it interrupts the progress of
business, delays our proceedings, to come in at
these irregular times with business belonging to
the morning hour. If the Senator from Wiscon-
sin will state that there is any importance what-
ever in withdrawing the papers to-day, instead
of the next morning hour, I shall withdraw any
objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin asks leave to have an order
entered to have certain papers withdrawn. It
requires the common consent of the Senate to
entertain that motion, there being another mat-
ter before the Senate. Does the Chair under-
