1866;
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2619
not be adopted, because it will do away, I ap-
prehend, -with the real spirit that instigated
the original proposition, which was to follow
up the honor with the purse. Some of these
gentlemen have peculiar claims upon this Gov-
ernment for the consideration that it is pro-
posed to bestow upon them. The gentleman
from, whom the Senator from Ohio [Mr._ Wade]
received his letter on this subject, urging that
we should pass a law to this effect, has a pecu-
liar claim upon the Government of the United
States.
Mr. WADE. I did not say that he asked us
to pass any such law. 1 said that I understood
from him that ho labored under this difficulty.
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir; that he labored
under this difficulty, and the natural inference
would be that he desired to have the difficulty
removed; and the Senator from Ohio, in his
capacity as one of the members of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, has proposed to
remove it by elevating him in rank. He is the
gentleman known to the country as the man
who telegraphed to Charleston, South Carolina,
that Fort Sumter was about to be relieved, and
the result was that fire was immediately opened
by the rebels upon the vessel that went there to
relieve the beleaguered men in that fortification.
Mr. WADE. You are wrong.
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir, lam not wrong. Mr.
James E. Harvey wasjlie man, and stands on
the record as the mat?—and 1 am prepared to
prove it—who telegraphed through to Charles-
ton that Fort Sumter was about to be relieved,
and in consequence of that the rebel fire was
Opened upon Fort Sumter. He is the man who
has within a short time written a most infamous
letter, written as it was by a minister represent-
ing this country abroad, to the Secretary of
State, which he has seen fit to publish in the
' New York Times. I'have only seen copious
extracts from it and have not had an oppor-
tunity to read the whole of it, in which he de-
nounced Congress in the most unmeasured
terms, and if I understand the force of lan-
fuage he intimates that it would be well for the
'resident of the United States to eject us from
the Halls of Congress. This is one of the gen-
tlemen whom it is proposed to elevate in rank
from ministers resident to envoys extraordinary
and ministers plenipotentiary.
Now, Mr. President, if we are going to give
him the honor let us not cut ourselves off from
the opportunity, at a future day during this
session, or when the consular and diplomatic
bill shall be under consideration at the next
session of Congress of also conferring upon
him a part of the Treasury of the United States
in consideration not only of the services that
he renders as foreign minister, but also in con-
sideration of the services he rendered to the
country while he was here, and the services
he "is rendering to us by the private communi-
cations which he keeps up with the Secretary
of State and which the Secretary of State pub-
lishes as electioneering documents in his organ
in New York.
Mr. WADE. I am very sorry that on a
question of this sort, which is purely of a pub-
lic character, having no reference that I know
of to the conduct of any individual on earth,
the character of a gentleman should be dragged
in here to be stigmatized before the public
when there is no occasion for it. If the Sen-
ator from Iowa has any particular gi ief against
this minister I wish he had taken some other
way and some other occasion to vent his feel-
ings on the subject. I do not think that this
is the placc or the occasion or the issue for
that kind of spleen. The gentleman lias gone
baek to the time the rebels fired on Fort Sum-
ter and the communication that he says Mr.
Harvey made to them. I know something about
that letter. It was investigated at the time, when
Mr. Harvey was most ungenerously charged
with about the same thing that he has been
charged with here to-dayAll that he did—
all his communications with South Carolina,
with everybody, and anybody—was done with
the knowledge of the President and his Cabi-
net, and at their request.
Mr. GRIMES. _ That is not denying what I
stated.
Mr. WADE. It is not denying it, but it is
taking the sting out of it. If he was acting in
conformity to the wishes of his Government
he was not in communication with traitors,
unless they were all traitors together, which
tho gentleman will not pretend.
Now, sir, what -has the character of Mr.
Harvey to do with the question that is before
us ? This proposition does not apply to any
minister in particular. If one half what the Sen-
ator has said is true, and if the authorities that
govern^ Mr. Harvey do their duty, he will not
be minister very long. If he uses his position
to assail Congress and to put up the President
of the United States, as many have done, to
drive Congress out, if tho President ought not
to be displaced, he will not leave this minister
one hour in his position after such advicc. I
know nothing about that. I am not the advo-
cate of any man or any man's conduct here,
and least of all do I wish to discuss a gentle-
man's character hereupon a question in which
it is not involved and having nothing to do
with it.
Sir, what is the question? It is no more nor
less than this: have we given our ministers
abroad that rank that enables them to be as
useful to the country as they are capable of
being if wc bestow it upon them? That is all
there is of it. I do not wish to confer rank
upon any man in order to gratify any vanity he
mayhave on tho subject. I care nothing about
that. That is the furthest thing in the world
from my intention. But as 1 said before, if
there aro different grades and ranks of these
diplomatic agents, and in Europe some are
considered of more influence and respectability
than others, it does not become a great nation
like this, in my judgment, to put its diplomatic
agents upon the lowest footing where they will
be oonsidered by European Governments as
standing in an inferior position: and that
appiiestothewholeot'them—notto Mr. Harvey
any more than tho rest of them—but to all of
them together. Why, then, discuss the charac-
ter of a single one of our diplomatic agents in
order to rebut this question or to explain it?
It has no bearing upon the question, and ought
not to have been introduced here.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Whatever we may do,
if wc should adopt the amendment proposed
by my friend from Ohio, [Mr. .Sherman,] the
result, in my opinion, will be tho same. We
shall have, in a very short time, a statement
that this rank of minister plenipotentiary can-
not be supported on so small a salary with that
dignity which the position requires. But I
enter my entire dissent to the idea that the
influence of our ministers abroad depends upon
whether they are called by one title or another.
The thing itself is preposterous so far as my
own judgment' is concerned. The influence
*Svhich a man would have at a foreign court
depends, in the first place, somewhat perhaps
upon his own capacity, but more, unquestion-
ably, upon the power of tho Government that
ho represents. It is the rank of his Govern-
ment and the power that it has among the na-
tions of the earth that gives liim power abroad.
The idea that it is required for the protection
of the interests of this country in foreign courts
that we should change the title and the rank
of our ministers is one that does not address
itself with any sort of force to my mind. I
have no doubt there may be some little matters
of etiquette in which a higher rank would be
convenient to tho ministers themselves, and
that is all there is of it.
Now, sir, I will venture to say—and the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts and the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Wade] will contradict mo if I am
not right about it—that there are but two men
among all our ministers resident who have ever
said a word on this subject. One of them is
the minister to Belgium and the other is the
minister to Portugal. I have never heard of
anybody else that made any disturbance about
it. I know that an effort was made here two
years ago to force the minister to Belgium into
a higher position because, as it was said, Leo-
pold was our great friend, although I believe
it turned out afterward that he was not, and
that his influence had really been turned against
us, and because Belgium was such a very im-
portant country, having about five milliofts of
people, although it is not so important in. the
way of trade to us as the Netherlands, having
no foreign possessions. That was for his ben-
efit. Pie is the last man abroad that I would
attempt to dignify or to please by raising his
rank, for reasons which I shall not give. I
would have said, until this morning, that I felt
differently toward Mr. Harvey, the minister to
Portugal; but if the statement which I have
read is true, which professes to be extracts
from a letter of his published in the New
York Times, he has been guilty of a grave
indecorum; and instead of passing a bill by
which he could be by any possibility raised
in rank, he ought to be kicked out, because
it was an interference with what, being a for-
eign minister, it was improper for him to in-
terfere with, if the letter was actually written,
and I suppose there is no doubt about .it; ana
in the next place, it.was a very unnecessarily
impertinent letter with reference to some
branches of tho Government, he being a for-
eign minister.
Mr. JOHNSON. What letter does the hon-
orable member refer to?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I refer to a letter which
is said to be printed—I have not seen the let-
ter itself—in the Now York Times. It is
reviewed in an article sent to me in Wilkes's
Spirit.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have not seen it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The review I saw was
in Wilkes's Spirit, in which it was stated that
it was a letter published in the New York
Times, and directed to the Secretary of State.
I thought very well of Mr. Harvey when he
was here. He was a very good correspondent,
and very much" of a gentleman in his manners,
and a man of talent undoubtedly. Whether
this is true or not, I do not know'; T only say,
if he has written such a letter, I do not know
that he has expressed opinions with reference
to Congress that would be at all disagreeable
to the Secretary of State. I presume he knew
to whom he was writing, and how his letter
would be received.
Mr. JOHNSON. If the honorable member
will permit me, I will say that I think there
must be some mistake about it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Idonotbelievethereis
a particle. Wilkes publishes a part of the let-
ter. I hope there is, for the credit of Mr.
Harvey.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do notknow that Wilkes
is the highest authority in the world.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He gives extracts from
tliG letter
Mr. JOHNSON. There may be in the letter,
taken in the whole, matters that explain away
particular extracts.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They cannot possibly
explain the language that was quoted from the
letter.
Mr. JOHNSON. Do I understand it to be
a letter to the Department ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. JOHNSON. Published by the Depart-
ment?
Mr. FESSENDEN. So_ I understand. I
cannot say that the letter exists, becausc I have
not seen it, but I have seen what purported to
be extracts from it published in, Wilkes's Spirit.
Mr. JOHNSON. It would be an extraor-
dinary thing, and the fault almost as much
of the Secretary as of the correspondent, if lie
has received an official letter from a minister
abroad censuring Congress and published ik
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was not ah official
letter. Letters are marked "official," I believe,
where they aro particularly meant to be kept
private; if not marked "official" they maybe
published. I suppose this was written fof
publication.
Mr. JOHNSON. That would irake it no
better so far as the Secretary is concerned.
