2620
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
Mr. FESSENDEN. With the opinion the
honorable Senator may have of the Secretary
I have nothing to do. I have never compared
notes with him on that subject, i am not com-
menting on the Secretary's conduct in pub-
lishing the letter, if it has been published. I
only say that if such a letter was "written by
Mr. Harvey to the Secretary, he understood
perfectly well to whom he was writing, and
how it would be received and appreciated.
Mr. JOHNSON. The honorable member
from Maine does not seem to understand me
in what I said just now.
Mr. FESSliNDEN. I beg the Senator's
pardon.
Mr. JOHNSON. What I meant to say was
that I could h-ardly believe it possible that the
Secretary of State would publish, or consent to
have published, a letter written to him, whether
■official or private, censuring Congress. If he
has done it, what I did say was, that I think
lie has offended just as much against good taste,
to say nothing stronger, as the writer himself.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not rememberthe
particular language; I only remember, gener-
ally, in casting my eye over it, that it was very
offensive. I cannot say that he mentioned Con-
gress specifically, according to my recollection,
tut it was easy to-understand it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think we ought to see it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. However, with that I
have nothing to do further than this: I was
merely saying that so far as I knew—and I beg
the Senator from Massachusetts and the Sen-
ator from Ohio to correct me, if I am in error
—there is no man abroad who has written on
this subject or said anything about it except
these two gentlemen, the minister to Belgium
and the minister to Portugal. If there are any
others, I should like to know it. I can under-
stand, with regard to those gentlemen, why they
would like it very well indeed. The only ques-'
(ion for us to consider is, in the first place, the
danger that will arise hereafter with reference
to salaries, which may be greater or may be
less; and, in the next place, whether it is
advisable to take it for granted, as is stated
here, that the rank and influence and power
of this country depend upon whether these gen-
tlemen who represent us are called one tiling
or another. I do not believe it. If I thought
the rank or influence or position of the country
abroad depended upon the rank or title of its
diplomatic representative, instead of depend-
ing upon what the country is and what it is
known to be, I might vote for the amendment;
but merely to gratify these gentlemen I do not
think it is right.
Mr. SUMNER. I have no feeling on this
question at all—not the least; nor do I approach
it as a political question. I see no individual
in it. I do not see Mr. Harvey or Mr. San-
ford. I see nobody here to oppose and nobody
to favor. I see nothing in it but my country
and its service abroad. Sir, I think I am as
sensitive as any other Senator with regard to
that just influence that belongs to my country
as a republic great and glorious in the history j
of mankind. I believe that I am duly proud
of it, and conscious of the weight that it ought
to carry wherever it appears. I know that the
name of my country stands for something now
in the world, and that whoever represents that
country on the ocean or in the diplomatic ser-
vice has, alone, a great and powerful recommen-
dation. But I also know too much of human
history and too much of human nature not to ,
know that men everywhere are influenced more I
or less bj the title of those who approach them, j
Mr. FESSENDEN. Governments are not;
men may be.,
Mr. SUMNER. My friend says Govern-
ments are not so influenced, men may be: but
lot me remind my friend that Governments are
composed of men. My friend knowsperfectly
well that if he sends a general on a particular
,service, he by his presence produces a more
certain effect and a prompter result than if he
sent a eolouel or a major. My other friend,"
who represents the Naval Committee on this
floor, [Mr. Giumes,] knows very well that if
he sends an admiral on any service, if it be
only of compliment, he produces at once a
greater effect than if he sends a lieutenant.
My friend, the Senator from Iowa, has just
induced us to send the Assistant Secretary of
the. Navy to Europe, because in that way he
thought he should give more 6clat to a certain
service. I united with him in that effort. Why
did he do that? Why not allow one of the com-
mon clerks of the Department to carry that res-
olution ? The Senator from Iowa on that occa-
sion knew full well that if he sent the Assistant
Secretary of the Navy he should do more than if
he sent a simple clerk of the-Department; and
therefore I am brought to tlie precise point,
that whatever may be the rank of our country
in the world, and how much soever we may be
entitled at all courts where our representatives
are, to the highest precedence, yet such is
human nature that our position is impaired by
the rank of the agent that we send. I wish to
give to our agent all those artificial accessaries
and incidents which the law of nations allows.
I follow the law of nations. Why does the law
of nations authorize or sanction, and why do
our Constitution and statutes, following the
law of nations, authorize and sanction this
difference of rank, except because it was sup-
posed that if you sent a person of a higher
rank you could obtain a corresponding degree
of influence? That is the theory which under-
lies the whole question of rank. It runs into
the Army; it runs into the Navy; it runs into
Congress; it run3 into all the business of life;
and the simple question is, whether now, in
the diplomatic service of your country, in deal-
ing with your foreign agents, you will discard
a principle of action which you follow in every-
thing else.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pomeroy
in the chair.) Is the Senate ready for the
question ?
Mr. SUMNER. I think I should prefer to
have the vote taken on the proposition as it
came from the committee. On considering the
other proposition I see that it requires some
amplification in order to be perfectly clear and
not to come in contact with one ortwo appoint-
ments that have already been made under the
old statute. For instance, we have envoys
extraordinary and ministers plenipotentiary at
Chili and at Peru. They are notin the sched-
ule. They come under the third clause of the
statute. I think, therefore, if the Senate are
disposed to adopt the conclusion of the com-
mittee, they had better follow the proposition
which has been most carefully considered and
digested and I think is in complete harmony
with the existing statutes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion then will be on the amendment reported
by the Committee on Foreign Relations, upon
which the yeas and nays have .been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 15, nays 17; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Dixon, Doolittle, Harris, Hender-
son, Hendricks, Howe, Johnson, Morgan, Norton,
Pomeroy, Sprague, Sumner, Wade, Wilson, and
Yates—15.
KAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Clark, Conness, Cragin,
' Davis, Edmunds, Fe^senden, Foster, Grimes, Lane of j
Indiana, Nesmitli. Kiddle, Sherman, Stewart, Tt'itm j
bull. Van Winkle, and Willey—17. j
ABSENT— Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Chandler, !
Cowan, Orcswell, Gutiuie, llowaid, Ivirkwood, Lane
i of Kansas. McDongall, Morrill. Nye, Poland, Ram-
| sey, Saulsbury, Williams, and Wright*-17.
I So the amendment was rejected.
! Mr. SUMNER. I am directed by the Com-
! mittee on Foreign Relations to move another
! amendment, on page 0, line one hundred and
twenty-seven of section one, to insert at the
end of the clause with reference to the salaries
of our commissioners and consuls general at
Hayti. Liberia, and Dominiea:
And the title of these diplomatic representatives
shall he hereafter minister resident and consul t
general. ]
The title now at those three places is com- j
missioner and consul general. By the diplo- j
matie statute of the United States a commis-
sioner receives the same pay as a minister 1
resident, and by our statute law lie is of the i
same rank; but it seems that practically he is
not so recognized at the court where he is ac-
credited. At any rate, he is not so recognized
in the island of Hayti. The Secretary of State
has referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations a recent dispatch from the commis-
sioner and consul general there on this subject,
with a recommendation that the Senate should
take it into consideration, and take such steps
with regard to it as they should think best.
The committee have considered it, and the
result is the proposition now before you. I
will read from this dispatch a brief extract. It
is under date of "Port-au-Prince, Hayti, April
21, 1886:"
"Confirming a doubt whether I should add a single
line to the already voluminous pages which I send
you by this mail, I cannot help asking your attention
to two suggestions which seem to'me important and
urgently called for at the present time.
"The first is that the functions and title of the
office held by General Cazeneau and myself"—
General Cazeneau has not yet been confirmed
for any office—
"be changed to those of minister resident, so .that
we can have direct access to the heads of the Govern-
ments to which we are respectively accredited.
"Experience has made clear to my mind two facts:
"1. That an active exercise of the influence of our
Government upon the two republics on this island is
essential not less to their welfare and progress than
to the maintenance of proper relations between our-
selves and the Antilles.
"2. That this influence cannot be exerted, if the
representatives of our fcti^ernment are kept at the
official distance from the springs of political influ-
ence which they now occupy.
"To illustrate both these points: the relations be-
tween this and the sister republic are now in a crisis.
The parties seem bent on quarreling. If anything
saves them from such an event, it will be the influ-
ence of foreign Governments, particularly our own."
if
" I cannot but think that if at this moment I could
go directly to his Excellency I could do service at
once to my country and to these poor, distracted re-
publics which would be of incalculable value. And
it tries me, when the case is so urgent, to be compelled
to stand aloof—a sort of lay figure.
"The change I ask would add nothing to the ex-
penses of the Government, and would cost no mate-
rial inconvenience in any way. It would be a proper
compliment to a sister republic, and would withdraw
an indignity which we seem to impose on this Gov-
ernment by denying to it the kind of representation
we make near other Governments which areless im-
portant in themselves and which occupy much less
close geographical and political relations with us."
This is the argument which is presented by
this functionary accredited to Hayti. I can
see no objection to the change.
Mr. GRIMES. Why not include the Sand-
wich Islands?
Mr. SUMNER. That has already been done.
It was done last year. Our representative to
the Sandwich Islands is now called a minister
resident.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will ask the Senator
if it will increase the salaries.
Mr. SUMNER. Not at all.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The one at Liberia
now gets $4,500. '
Mr. SUMNER. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This will give them
$7,o00 each.
Mr. SUMNER. The salary at Hayti is
$7,500.
Mr. FESSENDEN. W'hat are the others?
Mr. SUMNER. Dominica $7,500 and Li-
beria $4,500. No increase of salary is intended,
and I will add to the amendment the words
' •' with no increase of salary.''
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear
the amendment as it now stands.
The Secretary read it, as follows :
And the title of these diplomatic- representatives
shall hereafter bo minister resident and consul gen-
eral, with no increase of salary.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I move to insert on page
5, line one hundred and eight, after the word
"Nantes" the words '• St. Catharine's, in Bra-
zil." I am directed to make this motion by
the committee which I represent.
Mr FESSENDEN. I should like to hear
the reasons Cor it.
Mr. SUMNER. The explanation of this
amendment is as follows: St. Catharine's, in
Brazil, is a port where, in times past, the con-
sul has been paid by fees only, until during the
