1660
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
New York accept that as a modification of his
amendment?
Mr. liADFORD. I do not accept it as a
modification of my amendment.
Mr. KASSON. I wish to say that it is im-
practicable for gentlemen to "regulate this by
percentage. The law limits the minimum draft
to. one dollar. The charge on that would be
one half of one cent—half a cent to pay for an
order for a dollar for a subscription to a country
newspaper.
Mr. McRTJER. My amendment is that no
order shall be sold for less than ten cents.
Mr. KASSON. I do not believe we can act
to suit every man's convenience. It will be
impracticable to carry out the amendment.
The difficulty of computation is very trouble-
some. I think there should be two charges
for money orders, as we have now but two
charges for letter postage, a charge of three
cents whether the letter is to go to Baltimore
or to Boston, and a charge of two cents for a
drop letter, whether it is to go to the next door
or a mile or two. So I think we ought only to
have two rates for money orders. I suggest
that it should be, for a less sum than thirty dol-
lars, ten cents, as it is in the report of the com-
mittee, and for all orders exceeding thirty dol-
lars twenty-five cents, so that a man may know
exactly what a draft is to cost. Jf we adopt
this plan of percentage, a calculation will have
to bi? made before a man would know what his
draft,would cost,.
You must recollect, too, that the blank draft
costs something. In this money-order system
there are two items of expense to the Depart-
ment, one for the blank draft- itself, and the
other for the clerical labor. We must also re-
member that, the Department does not, like the
brokers, transport money from one section to
the other to meet these drafts. I hope the
amendments will not prevail.
Mr. IIA.DFORD. Suppose a man asks for
two orders of thirty dollars. Now, as I under-
stand it, he gets two money orders, amounting
to sixty dollars, for twenty ccnts.
Mr. KASSON. I refer these matters to the
chairman of the committee.
The question was taken on Mr. McRueb's
amendment, and it, was disagreed to.
The question then recurred on Mr. Radford's
amendment.
30,
The House divided; and there were—ayes
I, noes :>'2 ; no quorum voting.
The SPiiAKKR ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Messrs. R ujfori) and Ai.r.pv.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported —ayes thirty, noes not counted.
Mr. RA I) FORI). I do not press my amend-
ment any further.
The SPKA.K15R. The amendment will then
be considered as rejected.
Mr. KASSON. In order to meet the point
to which attention has been called, and I ask
the attention of the chairman of the commit-
tee to it,, will it be satisfactory to say, for a less
sum than twenty dollars it shall be ten cents,
and for au order exceeding twenty dollars,
twenty-live cents?
I will state my amendment again. I move
to modify the section so that it will read :
Sfc. 1. And be it further enacted. That the third
section of flic act, entitled "An act to establish a
postal monoy-ordcr system," approved May 17 1861
be, and tup mine is hereby, amended so as to author-
lie the issuin? of a money order for any sum not to
exceed titty dollar1!, and that the charsc or fee for an
order for a turn not, exceeding twenty dollars shall
be ten cents; and for an order exceeding twenty dol-
lars it shall bu twenty-fivo ccnts.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. HILL. I desire to move to strike out
the word " fifty" in line six of section seven,
and insert in its stead thewords "'seventy-five.'®
As the section now stands it provides that
money orders may be issued for sums not ex-
ceeding fifty dollars each. I believe a propo-
sition to strike out "fifty" and insert -<one
hundred" has been already made and voted
down.
My own observation and experience has been
that this money-order system has been received
with-great favor by the people at large. The
only complaint in regard to it which I have
heard is, that the amount for which the order
may be issued is not large enough. For that
reason I make the motion to amend which I
have indicated.
Mr. ALLEY. I think that the sum of fifty
dollars is sufficiently large, for the reasons
which I have already stated. If any one
desires a larger sum than fifty dollars, then
the person can take two or more orders, and
thus accomplish his object.
The amendment of Mr. Hill was not agreed to.
The next section was then read, as follows:
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That a money
order shall be valid and payable when presented to
the deputy postmaster on whom it is drawn within
one year after its date, but tor no longer period; and
in case of the loss of a money order a duplicate
thereof shall be issued without charge, on the appli-
cation of the remitter or payee, who shall make
the required proofs; and postmasters at all money-
order offices are hereby authorized and required to
administer to _ the applicant or applicants in such
cases the required oath or affirmation free of charge.
Mr. ALLlSY. I desire to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Washbdrke] if he
has examined this section, and if he has any
objection to it. [Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBUIlNli, of Illinois. I think I
have no particular objection to it.
The next section was read, as follows:
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted. That all railroad
companies carrying the mails of the United States
shall convey, without extra charge, by a,ny train
which they niavrun over their roads, ail such printed
matter as the Postmaster General shall, from time to
time, direct to be transported thereon, in charge of
petsous designated by the IVj.-t Oliice Department for
that purpose.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I agree to
that. [Laughter.]
Mr. KASSON. There is, I think, a little
alteration needed in that section. I move to
amend the last clause so that it will read, "with
the persons in charge of the same, designated
by the Post Office Department for that pur-
pose."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next section was read, as follows:
Sec. 10. And hp i.t further enacted, Thai if any per-
son or persons shall willfully and maliciously injure,
deface, or destroy any mailable matter deposited in
any lottor-box, pillar-box, or other receiving boxes
established by authority of the Postmaster General
of the United States for the safe deposit of matter for
the mails or foi delivery, or shall willfully aid and
assist in injuring uneh mailable matter so deposited
as aforesaid, either by pouring into such boxes oil,
water, or other fluids, or by any other means, every
hucIi offender, being: thereof duly convicted, shall,
for every such offense, be lined not less than one
hundred nof more than one thousand dollais, or be
iw.piironed not le^s th<~in one ycdi, nor inoie than
three years, al the discretion of the court.
No amendment being offered,
The next section was read, as follows:
Sec. 11. And be it fiuther enacted, That the Pres-
ident of the United States may, and he is hereby
authorized, on the application of -the Postmaster
General, and not otherwise, to direct, if in his opin-
ion necessary for the public service, that a portion of
tho moneys appropriated for a. particular branch of
expenditure in the Post Office Department be ap-
plied to another branch of expendituie in the same
Department; in winch ease a special aceonnt of th<>
moneys Uius transferred and of their application shall
be laid before Congress during the first week of their
next cneuino: session: Provided, That nothing herein
contained shall ho construed to modify or repeal the
second scction of the act of March 3,1813. authorizing
the transfer of any surplus of the contingent fund,
under the direction of the proper Department.
Mr. WASHBUPvNE, of Illinois. f move to
strike out this section. If passed at all it should"
be passed in an appropriation hill.
Mr. ALLEY. 1 will remark, in regard to
this section, that the Postmaster General has
always exercised the power to transfer money
from one particular appropriation to another
where it may be needed. That has been the
invariable custom in the Post Office Depart-
ment as well as in other Departments. And
I am told at the Department that it is impos-
sible to get along without the exercise of such
a power. The Postmaster General says that
being indispensably necessary, even he does
not like to do it without authority of law; and
therefore he asks for this authority from Con-
gress, notwithstanding it has always been the
custom to do it.
This section provides that this power shall
not be exercised without the consent of the
President of the United States, and upon a
report to.him by the Postmaster General that
it is necessary. And I do not see how any
gentleman can object to this section if he is in
favor of restricting the Postmaster General to
the provisions of the law. It has heretofore
been customary for them to do it, but in vio-
lation of the law. They say they cannot get
along without it, that they cannot run the ma-
chine without it, The Postmaster General,
who gentlemen all know is a very strict and
conscientious man in these particulars, said to
me that if this was absolutely essential for the
administration of tho Department, he desired
to ctti it in accordance with law; and there-
fore he asks that this provision be passed,
guarded in this manner.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not think there would
be the least difficulty if the House or the Sen-
ate were asked to make up any deficiency that
might be needed. But this is a very loose way
of doing business, entirely Unknown to any
regular legislation, and in my judgment ought
never to be practiced. The gentleman can
have put in the deficiency bill any appropria-
tion that, may be accessary.
Mr. THAYER. This matter has been pre-
sented to the House by the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Alley] in a very tender
manner. Now, I undertake to say that what-
ever may have been the practice of the Post
Office Department, or of any other Department
of this Government in this respect, if it has
coincided with what the gentleman tells us has
been the practice, then it has been in direct
conflict with the whole theory of appropria-
tions, as they have hitherto been -made by this
Government, and as is provided in the Consti-
tution of the United States.
Now, what is the proposition before us in
this section? It is that after the Committee on
Appropriations have investigated the estimates
of the public Departments of the Government,
brought in their bill which in all its details has
been examined and passed upon by this House,
and each item of the appropriation has been
assigned to its particular place and duty,,all
this is to go for nothing, and the President of
the United States is to have the disposal of
the whole amount appropriated, without re-
gard to any limitations which Congress may
have prescribed in regard to its expenditure.
Now, I appeal to gentlemen to say whether
this is not a monstrous proposition.
I am not aware that either this Congress or
any other has ever gone further than it went
in the act of 1843, where in a general appro-
priation bill it was declared that if the amounts
appropriated for certain contingent expenses
in the different Departments were not ex-
hausted, the head of each particular Depart-
ment might devote them to other objects au-
thorized by law where there might exist a
deiieiency in the appropriation therefor. But
that proposition was one totally different from
the one proposed here.
This is a proposition that all the money ap-
propriated by Congress to a particular Depart-
ment of the Government shall be placed under
the control of the President of the United
States. For one, I protest against any such
surrender of tho responsibility which is de-
volved upon Congress by the Constitution of
the United States, in the appropriations of tho
money of the people of the United States. Tho
Constitution places upon us the responsibility
of appropriating properly the money raised
by^ taxes upon the people. And it will be in
vain for us to say we meet that responsibility
properly, if we confer upon any one by act of
Congress the power asked to be conferred by the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Iloads;
if we say the President of the United States,
notwithstanding the directions made by Con-
gress in regard to the application of the public
money, may proceed to make such disposition
of it as he may see fit.
