180
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 4,
Ho. op Reps.
Ne.w York Contested Election—Mr. Marshall.
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
"Question. Did you induce him to vote?
"Answer. It was I gave him the tickets.
"Question. Did you induce him to vote ?
^Answer. Yes, sir.
"Question. Did he tell you that he wasn't a legal
voter ?
"Answer. No.
"Question. Did he tell you that ho wasn't an Amer-
ican citizen ?
"Answer. I knowed he wasn't myself.
Question. How did you know it?
Ansncer. Because I knew it. I know the man
wasn't long enough in the country to be voting.
!'Question. When did he come into the country?
"Answer. X can't tell you.
"Question. How dicl you know that he hadn't been
long enough in the country?
"Answer. I know he wasn't, sir; I am swearing he
wasn't. You can get it at the recorder's office.
Question. What means of knowledge have you ?
_ "Answer. I know he's an alien; he never was a
citizen of the country.
"Question. Do you know when ho eame to this
country ?
'^Answer. No, sir.
" Question. Then how do you know that he has not
been here long enough to be ;ivoter?
" Ansioer. That might be, and still he might never
bo naturalized. 1 know he was not.
" Question. How do you know it?
Answer. I am swearing he is no citizen.
" Question. Do you think everything you swear to
must necessarily be true?
" Answer. Yes, sir.
" Question. How many votes have you sworn in in
the course of your life ?
" Answer. I never swore in any that was not legal.
"Question. Wasthisman Barlow registered ?
^ Answer. I registered him.
QueHion. Were you one of the registers?
"Answer. No, sir; but I just told them that ho was
a friend oJ mine, and that he was a voter in the dis-
trict.
" Qwntion. That was false, wasn't it?
Answer. Yes.
" Question. You lied to them, then?
^ Of OOUrsO.
" Qucitum. Did thoy want any affidavits with re-
gard to that?
" A-uiucr. No, not a bit; no bother in the world.
]' Question. Who were the registers of that district, ?
"Answer. John I'arreil, X think, was one,and Tay-
lor ( I believe lie ihere) was the other.
" rti„,S. Taylor?
" Aii'.in r. Tlu; man with the bald hoad, (pointing
tu ,Mr. Warren fc>. Taylor.)
"Question. Who was the other?
^ .4 n:u':>:r. The other I lbrget; some little fellow.
' Question. Is Mr. Taylor a Democrat or a Repub-
lican ?
".lus-fcer. He is a Republican; wo used to havo
some fights, and lie a! ways fought for the Republicans?
'^Qiu s..ou, Is Campbell a Republican?
' .1 lister r. I bclievo he is a Republican ; I can'ttell
you.
" Question. It was a "Republican register?
' Answer. Yes, sir; there was two of them, and wo
had one Democrat.
"Question. Do you know who tho inspectors of
eleciion were?
^'Aii'.ir<r. I know them, bat I forgot their names.
Question. Was it a Republican appointment, tho
mspectois there.
Answer. Ycs,two Republicans and ono Democrat."
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I will not
detain the House with further extracts from
this scoundrel's testimony. It fills many pages
of this book. Without Geoghegan there is no
evidence in this ease amounting to anything at
all. Wilhout him there is 110 plausible pretext
for charging that there was any fraud or irreg-
ularity in the election at this poll.
ft seems to me, Mr. Speaker, that no mem-
ber of this House ought to be turned out, or
have his seat even jeopardized in the slightest
degree by the testimony of a man leprous with
infamy, who, by his own acknowledgment, is a
criminal of the deepest die, a man who un- '
blushingly stands up in the face of mankind
and boasts of his own infamy.
It, may be said he is not properly contradicted, i
Who would think of contradicting the testi-
mony of such a witness? There are various
ways of impeaching witnesses; one by proving
a bad character, another by proving what he
says to be absolutely false, and the third by
cross-examination, showing by his own state-
ment that he is utterly unworthy of credit. If
you succeed in either it is unnecessary to call
any other witnesses to contradict or impeach
him. If I were defending a man for murder,
where even life was at stake, and such a wit-
ness as Stephen Geoghegan were brought upon
the stand to testify, convicting himself of in-
famy and scoundrelism as this man did, I would
not bring any witness to contradict him. The
jury thatwould listen to the testimony of such
a man would be utterly unworthy of the confi-
dence and trust reposed in them.
But it is said that another witness, Russell
Myers, in some respects confirms some of the
testimony of Geoghegan.' I will not take up
the time of the House by asking the Clerk to
read his testimony, but I hope each member
will examine it for himself. This testimony
amouiits to nothing but hearsay. He went to
certain places in the district and inquired of
women and children for men who had voted at
this election. He did not know the persons of
whom he inquired, and is unable to give us the
name of one of them. This witness was well
known as a detective, and as a draft had just
then been ordered his inquiries alarmed the
people. It was natural when he inquired of the
women whether such and such a man lived in
a particular house, that they should prevaricate
or say that no such person lived there. On
such testimony as this, which is in fact not
evidence at all in any legal sense, for the per-
sons of whom Myers inquired, if they knew
anything about it, ought to have been called and
sworn as witnesses, are the people of this
district to be disfranchised and turned out with-
out a voice and without a hearing?
But I must pass on. This is all that it is
necessary to say in regard to this district. This
is all there is in the case. Take out this beauti-
ful specimen of a witness, Stephen Geoghegan,
and there is nothing left. If this House on
testimony of that character will exclude this
district and turn out of the House one of our
peers, we will in my judgment bo doing great
injustice to ourselves and to the cause of truth
and right.
The chairman of the committee in his report
says that the evidence is confined to these four
districts impeached by Mr. Dodge, forgetting
the fact that Mr. Brooks had attacked the thir-
teenth district of tho twenty-first ward, and
had shown that tho canvassers, in violation of
law, after they had commenced canvassing the
votes, left the polls unguarded with all the
election papers and a large number of ballots
lying loose on the table, and absented them-
selves from the room for half an hour with a
crowd standing around the place. This was
in direct violation of the statute of New York,
which declares, (volume one, Revised Statutes,
page 130:)
" As soon as the poll of an election shall have been
finally closed, tho inspectors of said election shall
proceed to canvass the votes. Such canvass shall
bo public, and shall not be adjourned or postponed
until it shall have been finally completed.''
It was not only imprudent to leave the poll
thus unguarded, but it was in direct violation
pf law. And the chances of fraud and tinker-
ing with the ballots were so great, that I think
that the return in that district ought to be
excluded. Indeed, the case made out against
this district is a much stronger one than the
one made out against the two Brooks districts,
so strongly assailed by the honorable chair-
man, and if any of them are thrown out this
thirteenth district of the twenty-first ward ought
to have priority in their march out of these
Halls. No man can feel any assurance that a
canvass thus conducted gave a true return
of the vote in that district.
I do not assert that these inspectors or can-
vassers intended fraud, but an act like that
endangers the purity of the poll. And at that
poll the vote for Mr. Brooks and Mr. Barr
combined did not run up to that on the presi-
dential ticket, while Mr. Dodge is returned as
receiving a majority of 258 over Brooks. It
seems to me that this is a stronger case of
impeachment than any of the others.
Now, if the seventh district of the twenty-
firstward, and fifteenth district ofthe eighteenth
ward, arc excluded, and also this thirteenth dis-
trict of the twenty-first ward, it still leaves Mr.
Brooks with a clear majority of 155 votes. This
being the case it is not necessary, it seems to me,
to dwell further on this case. I, at least, am
very firm in my conviction that there is not even
a plausible case made out against the sitting
member by the evidence which has been pro-
duced.
But there is another fact that this House
ought to consider in this ease. The contest-
ant, as is shown, is a man of extraordinary
wealth, with an income of more than a thou-
sand dollars per day, and he has not been very
modest or parsimonious in the use of it for the
purpose of forcing himself into this House. It
is shown by the evidence that some ten or fifteen
thousand dollars at least were expended by him
and his friends for the purpose (I cannot call
it anything else) of corrupting the very sources
of the elective franchise. Where it went he
does not explain. Money was poured out and
disappeared like jrater upon the sand. Who
got it and in what way does not appear.
It appears that not only Mr. Dodge, but a
host of friends of his engaged in this contest of
money against brains to secure a seat in this
House. In his own examination, Mr. Dodge
produced two subscription lists made by his
friends, amounting in the aggregate to $5,120.
I will submit an extract in regard to this money
branch of the question from the minority report;
"Tho sums of money expended by Mr. Dodge him-
self, and known to be expended by or through him,
are then admitted to be—
Mr. Dodge, personally, (see Congressional
Globe)  $6,000
First subscription list  2,220
Second subscription list  2,900
811,120
"But tho sitting member shows—and whieh seems
all to bo verified by the testimony—tho following
expenditure:
Money paid by Dodge at Lcgrand Cannon's, (B„
41)  $500
Bargain of Cannon. Cowden, and Dodge with
Bair, (B., 40, 59,145-0)  2,000
Enormous (so-called) 'printing bill,' (B., 46).. 2,008
Amount Cowden received from Dodge, (B„
48)      3,500
Payments to the three wards, ;?500 each  1,500
An undiscovered subscription paper from (>.
B. Do Forrest, (B., 42)  500
An undiscovered subscription paper from G.
B. Do Forre'st, (B., 42)  loo
An undiscovered subscription paper from M.
O. Roberts, (B., 42)  100
Paid by Cowden voluntarily, (B., 55)....$150 or 200
Two discovered subscription papers.
Exhibit No. 4, p. 320, M. 0. Roberts leading
off with $1,000  2,200
Exhibit No. 5, p. 320, JohnH. Sherwood lead-
ing off.  2,900
Total discovered  $15,508
" Extract from Mr. Phelps, (D., 499.)
"It wasn't an expensive election at all. We would
have made it far more so if wo had only known as
much as we know now."
Mr. Phelps was the lawyer and election agent
of Mr. Dodge. How much more money was
expended, of which we have no trace, we can
only conjecture.
But it seems to me, without charging any-
thing upon the contestant, that his friends, who
are so free to lavish their money by thousands
for the purpose of forcing him into this House
from a district where there is a clear majority
of four or five thousand against him, by buy-
ing up another candidate, and thus dividing
the vote of the adverse party; I say it seems to
me that it would not be presuming a great deal
to say that some of his friends at least would
not hesitate to put money into the pockets of
such creatures as Stephen Geoghegan, and use
them to effect the object they have so much at
heart. And I submit, with all respect, that if
the House decides against Mr. Brooks, and
places the contestant m his seat upon the evi-
dence that is addu ced before us, it will leave a
taint upon us and upon this House from which
we should shrink with horror. No man is
worthy to occupy the seats in these Halls, once
filled by the grand characters and great minds
of our country, who is not himself free from
the taint and suspicion of corruption and dis-
honor. We ought to tell this contestant, when
he comes here with such a claim and asks us io
