1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
rebellion it was put on the $1,500 list. The
object of my motion is now practically to con-
tinue it on that list. We are represented there
by a, gentleman of peculiar merit, who has
gained the confidence of the Department, and
of all who are familiar with his services there,
by his-.fidelity a^nd ability. I mean Mr. Lind-
say," oPNew Bedford, Massachusetts. Of course,
if llis,salary is stopped, and he is remitted to
his fees, he will not be able to continue there.
It is regarded as important by those familiar
with the placc, and who transact business there,
that a person of Mr. Lindsay's character should
be our consul there. It was only a few days
ago that I presented to the Senate a petition,
which was duly referred to the Committee on
Commerce, from citizens of New Bedford on
this subject. Perhaps 1 have never presented
to the Senate a petition more respectably
signed; every signature representing the great-
est respectability, and, I may add, the largest
wealth,. As it is very brief I will read it:
" The undersigned, citizens of New Bedford, in the
State of Massachusetts, interested in tho wliale fish-
eries, respectfully represent: that St. Catharine's, in
Brazil, is an important place of resort of our whaling
fleet, and it is essential to our interests that the con-
sulate at that placo should bo filled by an American
competent to the performance of his duties; that the
present incumbent, Benjamin Xjindsay, Ksq., we re-
gret to learn, will becompelled to relinquish tho post
unless the salary ot the office, which has ceased by
the termination of the war, shall be restored; and as
tho fees of the office are very ineonsidorablo, the
result will doubtless be th,e transfer of its duties to
sonieforeign and incompetent person. We therefore
respectfully pray that tho salary of tho consulate at
St. Catharine's may be restored."
This is signed by John H. Clifford, and a
large number of other citizens whom I have
already described.
I fiave also here a letter from a gentleman
well known, formerly a member of the House
of Representatives, Hon. Charles 13. Sedg-
wick, of Syracuse, earnestly recommending
that this consulate should be placed in the
$1,500 list. This is all I have to say about it.
It seems-to me from what I understand, and
from my inquiries at the State Department—
for I have made it the subject of conversation
there—that it is important that tve should be
well represented at this place. Peijiaps what
I have said may serve to distinguish this case
from other cases, and will induce the Senate to
allow it fo be restored to the $1,500 list. I hope
it may.
Mr. FESSENDEN.'^ -I suggest, to the Sena-
tor that he had better insert it after the word
"-Barcelona," in the one hundred and sixth
line.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; I will move to
insert it after tho word "Barcelona,'' in the
one hundred and sixth lino.
.The amendment was ag'-eed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I have another amendment
to offer, to come in at the foot of page C, which
I send to the Chair:
For further compensation of the commissioner
under the treaty between the United States and her
Britannic Majesty for the final settlement of the
claims of the Hudson's Bay and Puptot Sound Agri-
cultural Companies S3,000, in full for his services
and personal expenses.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is that for?
Mr. SUMNER. I will tell you. The com-
missioner mentioned is Hon. Alexander S.
Johnson, late chief justice of the court of ap-
peals "of the State of New York. He was com-
missioner in 1864, under an act which I have
in my hand, entitled "An act to carry into
effect a treaty between the United States and
her Britannic Majesty for the final settlement
of the claims of the Hudson's Bay and Puget
Sound Agricultural Companies."
By that act it is provided :
" That-thc compensation of the commissioner shall
be $5,000, in full for his services and personal ex-
penses."
The question in the committee at the time
was very seriously considered whether he
should be allowed a certain salary or given
what we familiarly call a round sum for the
whole business. It was understood that we
should rpquire the services of a thoroughly
.-capable man, a man of high character, who
could be placed in association with the com-
missioner appointed on the side of the British
Government. The interests that were to go
before them were very considerable; and it
appears from a communication, which I shall
have read in a minute, that they have already
amounted to $5,000,000. At that time it was
supposed that the services might be completed
within five or six months, certainly within a
year, and it was on that account that the com-
pensation was placed, as it was, at $5,000.
But instead of being completed within a year,
the service is still going on, and I understand will
not probably bo completed before next Jan-
uary. Meanwhile, this distinguished gentle-
man whom we enlisted in this service is neces-
sarily withdrawn from, I may say, tho career
in which the Senators from Now York, 1 be-
lieve, will testify, he was so eminent, and he
is left simply for this long service of more than
two years with the sum of $5,000. On taking
the case into consideration, the committee
thought it advisable to recommend an addi-
tion of §3,000, by way of completing what I
will again call the round sum for his services.
I will send to the desk a letter which has been
received from the commissioner himself in
which he sots forth the case.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it is a private
claim.
Mr. SUMNER. Oh, no, it is not. It is
for salary.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The com-
munication will be read if there be no objec-
tion.
The Secretary read it, as follows :
Albany, April 28, 1800.
Dkak Sir: When it was proposed to me to accept
tho place of United States commissioner under tho
treaty for the final settlement of tho claims of the
Hudson's Bay and Puget Sound Agricultural Com-
panies it was understood that the matter would be
finished in four or fivo months. 1 was appointed in
July, 1864, but did not succeed ill meeting tho linti«h
commissioner until the succeeding Januaiy. IVo
then found that looking to the nature and gravity of
tho claims amounting to $5,000,000, and involving very
important questions of public law as well as a diffi-
cult inquiry of fact, wo were not in tho possession of
tho reciuisito ovidenee on which we could proceed to
a decision. Wethereforeseton foot the procurement
of testimony on the part of the claimants of the Uni-
ted States and it is now ascertained that tho matter
will*BOt be ripe for hearing before January, 1807.
You will readily understand that this is a vcrydif-
ferent state of things from that contemplated when
the compensation of tho commissioner was fixed, and
that an engagement of this sort interferes necessarily
with other associations.
Under these cireumstnnoes T think it ri'*bt, to ask
that Congress should make a further provision upon
that subject.
Your obedient scrvont,
ALEXANDER, S. JOHNSON.
Hon. Ira II.vkris, United ttutes Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should think this was
a case where provision ought to be made; but
the question in my mind is, whether it may not
be considered in the nature of a private claim,
and if so, improperly on this bill. It seems
that the original law provided that $5,000
should be paid in full for these services. That
$5,000 he has received, and he has gone on to
perform services which were not anticipated at
the time the law was passed and he accepted
the office. Now, if he has a claim upon Con-
gress on that account, it should be provided
tor in an act passed for that purpose, and I
raise the point for the decision of the Senate.
It strikes me it comes entirely within the rule.
Tho PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator make the point of order?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir. I make the
point that this is a private claim and cannot be
put upon an appropriation bill.
Mr. HARRIS. It really seems to me there
is but little in this point of order. This gen-
tleman has been performing services for the
Government for now nearly a year and a half
for wlihli he has received $5,000. He is still
to go on and complete those services. I ad-
mit that when the provision was made for his
compensation it was supposed that those ser-
vices would be of much less value than they
have proved to be. Under the circumstances,
he asks for further compensation for services
yet to be rendered. It, cannot be regarded
as a private claim. He is to go on for the best
part a year yet in performing and completing
the services for which he 'fras. appointed. '"It
seems to me to come directly within the prov-
ince of a bill of this kind to provide for ser-
vices yet to bo rendered- > , - .
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to the Senator
that perhaps the difficulty may be avoided if
the amendment is put in a different shape. If
the Senator will offer an additional section, to
the bill providing that the services of Mr. John-
son may be continued until a specified time,
tnaking it a provision of law, and that for the
additional services to be performed by him he
shall receive the sum of $3,000, I suppose, if
it is recommended by a committee", it would be
in order. But simply to put in this bill an
appropriation of $3,000 in this way I think
is out of order. I make the point in this case
reluctantly, but I make it because I feel obliged
to make it. The law is exhausted. If he has-
rendered these services it is a claim against the
Government. If you want to provide for a
continuance of these services, and payment for
them, that can be done in a separate section.
Mr. JOHNSON. It comes recommended
from the committee, does it not? • .
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not in the shape that
I suggest. It comes from them merely as a
recommendation of $3,000 more to be appro-
priated. ^
Mr. JOHNSON. It does not come in the
shape tliu Senator suggests, but the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions can put it in that shape.
Mr. SUMNER. I will put it in anyform to
suit the views of Senators. The vote of the
committee was that the chairman be directed
to move on this appropriation bill an additional
$3,000 for Judge Johnson as further compen-
sation for his services.
Mr. JOHNSON. I suggest to my friend from
Massachusetts to let the amendment be passed
over for a moment, and then he can redraw it
so as to meet the suggestion of the chairman
of the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SUMNER. I am perfectly willing to
accept any form. I will draw it to meet tho
suggestion of the Senator from Maine.
Mr. NESMITH. -I have some familiarity
with the proceedings of this commission, having
been before it several times to testify, and know
perhaps as much as almost any person of the
facts to be brought before them for decision.
The commission I do not think will be able to
get through in a year. The amount of business
before them is very great, and the testimony is
scattered from the summit of the Rocky mount-
ains to tho Pacific ocean, and up and down the
ocean for several degrees of latitude; and I do
not apprehend that they will get through in a
year, i think if any provision is to be made
for extra compensation or increased compensa-
tion to Judge Johnson it should be made now.
He has served very much beyond the time that
the compensation provided for by law was ade-
quate to; and I do not believe they will be able
to complete the business in less than twelve or
eighteen months. They have to take a great
deal of testimony. I hope, therefore, that the
amendment will be adopted to this bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It does not strike me
that this amendment is a violation of the rule
of the Senate. An existing law provides a
compensation for this officer. This amend-
ment simply changes that compensation. The
existing law says his compensation shall be
$5,000. This modification of the law is that
it shall be $8,000. In view of the services
rendered, the Senate can judge better now of
what they are worth than before the services
were rendered at all. If the services were
entirely completed, I think the point made by
the chairman of the Committee oh Finance
would be well made ; but as this is, during tho
pendency of the service, a modification ot the
rule of compensation, I cannot see that it is a
P1Mi-!°FBSSENDEN. J felt it my duty to
raise the point. If the Senate overrule me, I
cannot help it.
