1662
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
tleman's section of the country that increases
at a less rate than twenty per cent, a quarter?
Mr. G-lilNNELL. .1 "do not know how that
is. Yet if it enjoyed the presence of thelearned
gentleman the country would present sucli at-
tractions that its growth could not easily be
computed.
Mr. ALLEY. I hope my amendment will
prevail, for I do think that twenty per cent, is
little enough,
I move the previous question on the bill and
amendments.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The question being taken on the amendment
proposed by Mr. Alley, there were—ayes 28,
noes 69.
Mr. ALLEY. I demand tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The question then recurred on the amend-
ment ol" Mr. Grixxell; and it was agreed to
—ayes 70, noes 22.
'jfhe bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time and
passed.
Mr. xlLLEY. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and to_lay that
motion on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
hve.n'jno sessions.
Mr. \VASIIBURN7i, of Illinois. I move to
dispense with the session of this evening.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVEN'S, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
liamlved, Thntin every evenm? session of the House
the first hour shall be considered as a morning hour,
in addition to tko ubual morning hour.
contested election.
. Mr. DAWES. The Committee of Elections,
to whom was referred the memorial of William
E. Dodge, contesting the right of James Brooks
to a seat as Representative from the eighth dis-
trict of the State of New York, have instructed
me to submit a report, accompanied by two
resolutions. I ask that the resolutions be read,
and the report laid on the table, and printed.
And I desire to state that it is my intention at
an early day after the printing of the report to
Call it up. I will say on Thursday next, if it
should be printed by that time.
The i('.solutions were read, as follows:
Rciolrcl, X!t:n. [[on. James Brooks is not entitled
to asoiit in this Jtou^e as Itoprosonfalive in f he Thirty-
Ninth Congress from the eiprhthdistrict inXew York.
Itemized, That Willi,im K Dodse is entitled to a
seat in this House as a Representative in the Thirty-
Ninth Congress from the eighth district in Now York.
Mr. MARSHALL. I wish to offer, from the
same committee, a minority report, and to have
it printed.
iSoth reports were laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. K1NCK. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts [.Mr. Dawes J not to designate
so early a day as Thursday next. This is a
case involving a great deal of testimony, and
ample time ought to be given to both sides for
examination. T suggest next Thursday two
weeks. The evidence cannot be printed by
Thursday next., as I understand.
Mr. DAWES. The testimony has been
printed more than two months.
Mr. FINGK. It could hardly be examined
until the report is presented from the committee.
Mr. DAWES. I hardly think it could be
expected to postpone it as long as that. It is
now more than four weeks since the parties
concluded their arguments. They were for
three weeks in daily session submitting their
views. More than two months have elapsed
since the testimony was printed. And now to
ask three weeks longer before we act on the
question seems to me really to be rather a mod-
est request. If the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
FixckJ has not yet read the documents that
have been printed I certainly cannot ask the
H€use to wait for him. to read them.
Mr. WEIGHT. I have not read these docu-
ments, nor have I been supplied with them.
kansas railroad and telegraph.
On motion of Mr. LOAN, Senate bill No.
145, for a grant of land to the State of Kansas
to aid in the construction of the Northern Kan-
sas railroad and telegraph, was taken from the
Speaker's table, read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
department 0! missouri.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of War, transmitting, in reply to a
resolution of the House of March 9, 1866, the
report of Major General Pope on the condition
of the department of Missouri; which was laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
cattle plague.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Commissioner of Agriculture, transmitting
correspondence of European consuls received
through the State Department relative to the
cattle plague, its nature, remedy, and means
of prevention, and a copy of the reeent law
enacted by the British Parliament on that sub-
ject; which was referred to the Committee on
Agriculture; and the question of printing the
document was referred to the Committee on
Printing.
leave of absence.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York, asked and
obtained leave of absence for his colleague, Mr.
Morris, for ten days.
And then, on motion of Mr. FARNSWORTH,
(at four o'clock and thirty-five minutes p. m.,)
the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
Tho following petitions, &c.,were presented under
the rule and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. BEAMAN: Tho petition of I. C. AYyllis,
and others, of Hillsdale, Michigan, prayingthat Con-
gress will enact such just and equal laws for the reg-
ulation of inter-State insurances of all kinds as may
be effectual in establishing the greatest security for
the interests protected by policies and promotive of
the greatest good and convenience to all concerned
in such transactions.
Also, the pet5'Jon of Barton Tiffany, and others, of
Jonesvillc, Hillsdale county, Michigan, asking for
the extension of Jho land grant to the Amboy, Lan-
sing. and Traverse Bay Railroad Company, State of
Michigan.
Also, resolutions of the Common Council of tho city
of Lansing, in the State of Michigan, in favor of an
extension oftho land grant for the purpose of build-
ing a railroad from Amboy to Traverse Bay via Lan-
sing.
Also, a resolution of theBonrd of Trade of the city
of Detroit, expressing approval of the bankrupt bill
now pending before Congress, and asking that the
same be passed into a law.
Also, the petition of II. M. Boies, andGS others, cit-
izens of Hillsdale and Lenawee comities, Michigan,
praying that Congress will enact such just and equal
laws for tho regulation of inter-State insurances of all
kinds as may be effectual in establishing the great-
est security for the interests protected by policies
and promotive of the greatest good and convenience
to all concerncd in such transactions.
By Mr. BINGHAM: The petition of John II.
Simmcs, W. William, William Gait, and Augustus E.
Perry, and others, citizens of Washington, asking a
fair and equitable reduction in the priecallowedthe
Gas-I^ght Company by existing law.
By Mr. CONKLING: The petition of Hon. Wil-
liam J. Bacon, James Sayrc, JEllis II. Roberts, and
others, of Utica, New York: also the petition of L.
L. Lewis, and others, of Rome, New York ; also the
petition of Ivors Monroe, and others, of Camden,
New York, asking the passage of a law regulating
inter-State insurances.
By Mr. CUT.TjOM : A petition signed by 1,318 citi-
zens of the city of Springfield, in the State of Illi-
nois, praying that eight hours shall be established by
law as a day's work in all places wherein laborers,
mechanics, or artisans shall be employed by the
Government of the United States or by its authority.
By Mr. DAVIS. The petition of Erank J. Jerome,
John J. Jerome, and 32 others, citizens of Onondaga
county, New York, praying increased duties upon
imported wool.
Also, the like petition of Elbridge Khmer, and 15
others, citizens of Onondaga county.
Also, the petition of Messrs. liier & Aldrich, II.
Barnct, and 85 others, manufacturers of cigars, and
citizens of Syracuse, New York, asking for additional
duties on imported cigars.
By Mr. DELANO: Tho petition of William Stur-
geon, and 100 others, citizens and wool-growers of
Knox county, Ohio, praying an increased tariff on
foreign wools, and increased protection to the wool-
growers of this country.
By Mr. DENNY: A memorial of the Legislature of
Washington Territory, respecting a grant of land for
agricultural college.
Also, one relative to mail route from Walla Walla
to Seatle, in Washington Territory.
Also, one asking the establishment of a post route
from Helena, in Montana Territory, to Walla AValla,
in Washington Territory.
Also, one asking the extension of route No. 15402.
By Mr. ELIOT: The petition-of Charles S. Paislcn,
and others, of New Bedford, Massachusetts, praying
that eight hours may be fixed as a legal day's work
for workmen, artisans, and laborers in the employ of
the United States. .
By Mr. HARDING, of Illinois: The memorial of
citizens of Clarksville, Tennessee, for pensions to
coloredsoldiers. •
By Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia: The peti-
tion of M. L. Hill, and 83 others, citizens of Ohio
county, State of West Virginia, asking an increased
rate of duty on wool of foreign growth.
By Mr. J. M. HUMPHREY: Three petitions of
citizens of Buffalo, New York, for an increase of du-
ties on foreign goods.
By Mr. JENCKES: A memorial of Board of Trade -
of Detroit, in favor of passage of bankrupt bill.
By Mr. KASSON: A memorial of William Baker, of
Nebraska, for compensation for property destroyed
by certain Indians, with accompanying proofs.
By Mr. LAFLIN: The petition of M. W. Priest,
and others, of Little Palls, Herkimer county, New
York, in favor of just and equal laws.for the regula-
tion of inter-State insurances of all kinds.
By Mr. MARVIN: The petition of 21 citizens of
Saratoga Springs, New York, asking for a law regu-
lating inter-State insurances.
By Mr. MERCUR: The petition of 79 mechanics
andlaborers engaged in Whittakcr'smill, Manayunk,
Philadelphia, praying that the tariff may be so
amended as to protect their labor to the extent of
the difference of the cost of capital and labor hero
and abroad, with the addition of the taxes paid by
American industrial products from which the foreign
are free.
Also, the petition of 14citizens of Montour county,
Pennsylvania, praying for such revision of the tariff
laws as will protect domestic labor and invite the
investment of capital in home manufactures.
By Mr. SCIIENCK: The petition of cigar-makers
of Dayton, Ohio, for an increased tariff on imported
cigars.
Also, the petition of soldiers of Warren and Mont-
gomery counties, Ohio, for equal bounties.
By Mr. VAN HORN, ofMissouri: The petition of
John W. Riley, of Missouri, for pension due for ser-
vice in revolutionary war.
By Mr. VAN AERNAM: The petition of citizens
of Chautauqua county, New York, praying Congress
to levy a specific and ad valorem duty upon all im-
ported wool.
Also, the petition of citizens and soldiers of Cat-
taraugus county, New York, praying Congress to
grant additional bounties to soldiers who enlisted
into the service in 1861 and 1862.
Also, the petition of 69 citizens, prominent business
men of Dunkirk, New York, praying Congress to en-
act just and. equal laws regulating inter-State insur-
ance. _
By Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois: The petition
of William Salem, for an act to change the name of
the steamer Circassian to Abraham Lincoln.
Also, the petition of Mrs. E. J.Bushnell, for a pen-
sion.
By Mr. WELKER: The petition of A. D. Howe,
and 46 others, citizens of Lorain county, Ohio, asking
protection on wool.
By Mr. WENTWORTH: The petition of western
citizens, for greater protection to inter-State securi-
ties.
Also, the petition of Dr. Philip Adolphus.
Also, the petition of the dress-makers of New York
city, asking for a reduction of taxes.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 27, 1866.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. (xitAY.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
coast survey report.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a communication from the Secretary
of the Treasury, transmitting in obedience to
law the annual report of the Superintendent of
the United States Coast Survey, showing the
progress of that work during the year ending
November 1, 1865, and an engraved sketch,
showingthe progress made in the survey of the
Atlantic, Gulf, and Pacific coasts.
Mr. SHERMAN. I believe that is the regu-
lar coast survey report. There is a great deal
of matter of the coast survey published that I
think ought to be omitted in printing the report.
It is a very expensive volume, and much of it
is useless. I move that it be referred to the
Committee on Printing with a view to see how
much of it should be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
will be made if there be no objection.
