182-
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 6,
Senate.
Civil Bights Bill— Veto Message—Mr. Davis.
39th Cons.... 1st Sess.
impartial and independent reason, the same
unselfishness and rectitude of purpose, as did
the President, he too would have been con-
strained by the power of truth to have come to
the same conclusions. I doubt not that if life
is spared to the Senator, as 1 hope it will be,
until the passions and madness that rule the
day shall have subsided, that his own reflec-
tions will bring him to acknowledge that the
President was right and he was wrong.
Mr. President, the title of an act is a sort of
label of what it is. The title of this act, and
its text also, is delusive. There is a studied
want of clearness, a studied ambiguity. I think,
in the language in which both are expressed.
If I, after the best examination which I can
give to this act, was asked for an appropriate
title, I would propose to the Senator from Illi-
nois, "An act to abolish and modify all laws,
statutes, ordinances, regulations, and customs
throughout the United States, so far as they
make any discriminations for the white against
the black or colored population thereof; to pun-
ish by fine and imprisonment all persons who
may enforce such discriminations; and requir-
ing certain officers to institute criminal and civil
proceedings against them, at the cost of the
United States." The Senator might object to
this, as he does sometimes to my speeches, that
it is too long. I would then give him a shorter
title, in these words: "An act to consolidate
all the reserved sovereignty and powers of the
several States into the Congress and Govern-
ment of the United States." That is a concise
title, and one which, in my judgment, truly
speaks the true character of this bill.
I have heard no plausible, much less any
satisfactory, defense! of this measure. I have
not heard it attributed lo any source of power
which, in my opinion, furnished it with a decent
covering. The honorable Senator from Illi-
nois said truly that the gravamen, the chief
efficacy of this bill, was in the first section ; and
the power of Congress to pass it was that it is
in the nature of a declaratory law. That posi-
tion was swept away by the Senator from Mary-
land yesterday, so as not to leave a vestige
behind, and it would be superfluous to say
another word in refutation of it.
But I will read the first section, or its sub-
stiincawy
All persons born in tho United States, and not sub-
ject to any foreign Power, excluding Indians not
taxed, aio heieby declared to be citizens of the Uni-
ted States, without, distinction of color, and there
shall be no discrimination in civil rights or immuni-
ties among tho inhabitants of any Stato or Territory
of' tho United States on account of race or color or
previous condition of slavery; but tho inhabitants of
every raco and color, without regard to any previous
condition of shivery oi involuntaiy servitude, shall
have tho samo right to mako and enforce contracts,
to sue.be parties, givo evidenco, to inherit, purchase,
lease, sell, hold, and convey real and personal prop-
erty, and to full and equal benefit of all laws and
proceedings for the security of person and property,
and shall be subject to like punishment, pains, and
penalties, and to none other, any law, statute, ordi-
nance, regulation, or custom to tho contrary not-
withstanding.
I propose to discuss the principal features of
this section; and first, the one which declares
all persons born in the United States, except
untaxed Indians, to be citizens. I deny wholly
the power of Congress to make citizens of the
United States. It is a principle of universal
law that every person born in a country, who is
not a slave, is a citizen or subject ol'that country,
and unless excluded by special laws is entitled
to all the rights and privileges of its citizens
and subjects. All white persons born in the
United States and not having become the citi-
zens or subjects of some other country are
citizens theieof. The only authority conferred
by tho Constitution upon Congress, relating
to citizenship, is embodied in this clause:
"Congress shall have power to establish an uniform
rule of naturalization, and uniform lajvo on tho sub-
ject of bankruptcies throughout the United States.''
Congress at an early day passed a natural-
ization law, and from time to time have en-
acted amendments to it. These laws formed
"the uniform rule of naturalization" which
Congress was authorized to establish. Having
only the power to make the rule, it has none to
make the citizen, either individuals or classes,
any more than after enacting uniform laws on
the subject of bankruptcies it would have the
power to adjudge individuals to be bankrupts,
and issue them certificates. This provision of
the Constitution is conceded by all to apply to
none others but aliens. The treaty-making
power may make citizens of aliens by acquiring
foreign territory, and stipulating that the per-
sons inhabiting it shall be citizens of the United
States. There is, then, but the three modes of
becoming citizens of the U nited States: by birth,
according to the naturalization laws passed by
Congress, and by treaty. The special laws
referred to by the Senator from Illinois, which
made citizens of the people of Louisiana and
of the small remnants of Indian tribes, were
either in execution of treaties or without au-
thority on the part of Congress, and inconsid-
erately passed.
My further position is that the States have
no power whatever over the subject of citizen-
ship. To have perfect uniformity of law and
rule upon this important'subject, the States by
the Constitution surrendered to the General
Government all and exclusive power over itq as
they did all power in relation to coin. The cit-
izens of all the States, at the time of the adop-
tion of the Constitution, became citizens of tne
United States. Their descendants, and all for-
eigners conforming to or coming within the
naturalization laws passed by Congress, and
their descendants, and all native born whites
are citizens of the United States; none others.
There is no distinctive State citizenship. There
is in our country but one citizenship, that of the
United States, and every person that is entitled
to the denomination is a citizen of the United
States, resident in some particular State or
Territory. Every State may confer in its own
mode local rights and privileges on whom it
may please, but that does not constitute any per-
son a citizen of the United States in the sense
of the Constitution, or entitle such person to
any rights, immunities, or privileges under it.
But the matter of citizenship in any and all
its aspects, barely touches the question of the
proprietynjf this veto ; that is a question to bo
decided by the power of Congress under the
Constitution to pass it, and the policy of the
measure.
This section assumes for Congress jurisdic-
tion over all the inhabitants, of every race and
color, of all the States and Territories of the
United States, over all their civil rights and
immunities, and over all the penalties and pun-
ishments to which they may be subjected. In
the simulation of imperial will and power in
relation to all those most interesting concerns,
appertaining to every human being in America,
it declares there shall be no discrimination as
to persons on account of race, color, or previous
condition of slavery. This general and sweep-
ing language is used for a purpose ; it is a sort
of mask to cover partially the true beneficiaries
and objects of the measure, the negro race and
their aggrandizement. There was no call, or
need for such a law for the white race: and if
there had been no blacks in the United States,
it never would have been devised.
In many, if not most of the States, there
are discriminations in relation to some of those
important concerns against the negro race,
made by their constitutions and statutes; and
this act abrogates not only those constitutions
and laws to that extent, but makes their exe-
cution by the State officers appointed for that
purpose, a high misdemeanor, and punishes
them heavily by fine and imprisonment.
Let us see what would be the effects, to a
limited extent, of this measure in Kentucky and
the State of the honorable Senator, Illinois. A
few weeks since, in Louisville, a negro man
violated a girl of only eight years of age; and
within a few days, in my county, a similar out-
rage was committed on a white girl ten years
old, after which the black monster cut her
throat and disemboweled her. This crime, in
Kentucky, when perpetrated by a negro upon
a wtiite woman is punishable with death ; but
when by a white man, by confinement in the
penitentiary. The judge, the prosecuting attor-
ney, the grand jury who preferred the indict-
ment, the petit jury who might find a verdict,
and the sheriff who should execute a criminal
guilty of this shocking crime, by the terms of
this act would be guilty of a high misdemeanor
against the United States, and it is the duty
of the United States' district attorney, marshal,
deputy marshal, and commissioner to have each
and all of them prosecuted in the United States
courts, at the national expense, and those crim-
inals would be each subject to be fined not
exceeding $1,000, and to be imprisoned for
any period under twelve months, or both, at
the discretion of the court.
By. the laws of Kentucky a negro is not per-
mitted to give evidence in a suit in which a
white man is a party; but a free negro has
always had the same right to sue as a white
man ; in such a suit, by this bill, the negro party
would have the right to introduce a negro wit-
ness, because the white man would have that
privilege. But the law of that State denying
it to the negro party, the judge would refuse to
permit his witness to testify; and for thus exe-
cuting the law of the State, according to his
official oath, he would under this act be pros-
ecuted ex officio by certain United States offi-
cers, in a Federal court, at the national ex-
pense, as a criminal.
Both in Illinois and Kentucky the State
laws make it a penal offense for a negro to
marry or to contract to marry with a white
person. The laws of those States also declare
it a penal offense for the clerk to issue a license,
and the minister of the gospel, or other person,
to solemnise the rites of marriage between a
negro and a white person. Marriage is a con-
tract ; the right to marry is a civil right. A
white person in Kentucky and Illinois has the
right to marry another white person ; and this
act guarantying the same right to negroes, the
clerk who refused a license to a negro to marry
a white person, the preacher who would not
perform the ceremony, and the officers of the
law who would enforce its penalties against
persons who had violated it, would themselves
become criminals, and subject to punishment
under this act. Unfortunate men! if they re-
fused to execute the laws of their own States,
in conformity to their oaths, they become crim-
inals against them, and liable to punishment by
their respective authorities; and the execution
ofthose laws would make them criminals against
the United States, and subject them to punish-
ment under this act.
The honorable Senator fell into a paroxysm
of exultation over the President, because in his
veto message he named legislators as one of
the classes of State officers whom this meas-
ure would punish. The Senator referred to the
verbiage of his bill in the second section, and
vociferated, "No such thing?" and declared
that it proposed to punish only those who act
under color of law, and does not include the
law-makers. Is the Senator entitled to that
triumph? His bill says:
That any person who, under color of any law,
statute, ordinance, regulation, or custom, shall sub-
ject, or cause to be subjected, any inhabitant of any
State to the deprivation of any right secured or pro-
tected by this act, or to different punishment, pains,
or penalties on account of such person having been
held in a condition of slavery or invluntary servitude,
or by reason of his color or raco, than is prescribed
for the punishment of white persons, shall be guilty
of a misdemeanor, and on conviction shall be pun-
ished by fine not exceeding $1,000 or imprisonment
not exceeding one year, or both, in the discretion of
tho court.
If in the future the Legislature of a State
were to pass laws to secure any right to white
persons and withhold it from negroes, or to sub-
ject negroes to a different punishment from
white persons who commit the same offenses,
