8582
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
visions of that law over the whole country; and
the Quartermaster General's office and the
subsistence department have had the subject
of allowing these claims under the law of 180-1
until the present time, and if this amendment
should prevail and the matter should be given
to the Secretary of War, of course the business
must be done in some of the subordinate de-
partments of that office, and I see no reason
why it may not as well be left, as it was by the
law of 1861, to be determined by these depart-
ments, and go from them to the Third Auditor,
according to the existing law.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. TRUMBULL. _ I move toadd the fol-
lowing by way of proviso to the bill:
Provided, That the claimant must in proof of his
loyalty establish by evidence that from tho time_ his
claim accrued and ever since he has firmly and faith-
fully maintained his adherence and allegiance to the
Government of the United States by defending its
cause against tho government and forces of the so-
called confederate States of America, in all suitable
and practicable ways and according to his ability and
opportunities.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. I had occasion, sir, the
other day when this bill was before the Senate,
to make some remarks upon it, and to say that
I was opposed to the" passage of such an act.
It iS*very true that the amendment which has
just been adopted by the Senate in regard to
the evidence of loyalty of the claimant relieves
it somewhat of the objections I entertained to
it; but it does not by any means remove all my
objections.
The operation of the bill, if it shall become
a law, will not be restrained, as was that of tho
act of 1861, to the States in rebellion, but will
affect every State of the Union, whether loyal
or disloyal; and under the bill, every man in
a disloyal State whose property has been taken
will be enabled to present his claim to the
Quartermaster General or Commissary Gen-
eral, as the case may be, for indemnification
out of the Treasury of the United States for
property thus taken. I do not recognize this
as a sound principle of legislation so far as the
in surgent States are concerned. It is the theory
of our Government that the majority, in a State
shall rule, and such is the practice. Every one
of the insurgent States was carried out. of the
Union and involved in the rebellion either by
the direct vote or by the assent of a majority
of its citizens. In 1861, at the breaking out
of the war, Congress passed an act by which
the President was authorized to declare States
and parts of States in insurrection against the
Government. In pursuance of that general
law, he, from time to time, issued his procla-
mations informing the world that these States
were in insurrection, until eleven States of the
Union were involved in that denunciation. As
1 said on a former occasion, these insurrec-
tionary States and all their population, old and
young, male -and female, loyal and disloyal,
became, in law, and to all practical purposes,
the enemies of the United States: and became
such under an act of Congress, for the procla-
mations were all issued in pursuance of that
aet.
Now/ sir, here is a proposition to allow
every person throughout the rebel districts
whose property may have been taken in the
regular and necessary operations and move-
ments of our armies to put down the rebellion,
to claim ail indemnity for property taken by
our Army in the course of those necessary
operations. The insurgent States, as political
communities, were, in the sense of the laws of
war and the laws of nations, the enemies of
the United States, and all their property, no
matter of what kind or description, was liable
to be seized in the course of the operations of
the war by the Union armies who entered their
territory, and liable in precisely the same sense
that the property of alien enemies in a foreign
country would be liable to be taken and used
by the Army of the United States that should
enter its territory in the prosecution of a war.
It was the misfortune of loyal men who hap-
pened to be within the insurgent districts that
their property was thus taken. It was their mis-
fortune to reside in a community the majority
of which became, by their voluntary act, the en-
emies of the Government; but, sir, I submit it
is one of those misfortunes which cannot be
guarded against. It is one which befalls every
people against whom a war is carried on. It
might be claimed of the United Slates with equal
consistency that they should pay persons resid-
ing in a foreign country with whom we should
be at war a like indemnity simply upon the
ground that they were at heart friendly to the
United States, although in a hostile country.
Such a payment out of the public Treasury
would be an anomaly in the history of war.
Mr. President, I have as much commiseration
for the Union men in the rebel States who
have been overborne and oppressed by the
majority as any other member of the Senate ;
but. T cannot consent to indemnify them simply
because they happen to be thus unfortunate.
It is one of the misfortunes which the individ-
ual must bear, and does bear in all other cases
of war, unless the evil has been removed or
alleviated by the treaty of peace, which some-,
times takes place.
Now, sir, can the honorable Senator from
Vermont, who' urges the passage of this bill,
inform the Senate what amount of money is
likely to be claimed and taken out of the Treas-
ury to furnish the indemnity this bill will require?
He informed us the other day that probably it
would only call for some few millions. . What
warrant has he for saying that it will only call
for a few millions ? Does he not know, do we
not all know, "that these claims will spring up
as thick and as pestilential as the frogs of Egypt,
in every nook and corner of the late confeder-
acy? His reply is, that only loyal men will be
allowed to prosecute their claims, and that such,
and such only, can come into court or go before
the Commissary or the Quartermaster General.
Sir, the history of this rebellion has developed
satisfactorily to my mind a state of morals on
the part of the rebels which forbids me to place
any confidence in their oaths or assurances.
The whole thing from beginning to end, both
at home and abroad, has been a continuation
of the basest perjury and perfidy that could be
committed. Will it be difficult among such
persons to find witnesses to come forward and
swear that A B, although a blood-stained rebel
from the beginning to the end, was neverthe-
less a good Union man at heart, and that he
always spoke in favor of the Union on all proper
occasions, as required by the amendment of
the Senator from Illinois ? Sir, under this bill
I can prove by witnesses to be called from tho
rebel States any claim belonging to any person,
not even excepting Davis himself, or Lee; I
can multiply witnesses by the score who will
swear that the claimants are and ever have been
loyal men. It costs them nothing. They have
no conscience about it. They would as soon
swear that black is white or white black if
thereby they can get money out of Uncle Sam's
Treasury and put it in the pockets of their
friends. I will not open the Treasury to so
great a danger, one which in its effects hefeafter
is so well calculated to impose, and which must
indeed inevitably saddle the United States with
an enormous amount of unjust debt—a debt
which is to be counted by millions upon mil-
lions and thousands of millions before these
claims will all be settled and adjusted. Sir, I
am opposed entirely to the enactment of any
law on the subject going beyond the limit fixed
in the act of 1861, which allows persons whose
property has been taken in the loyal States and
receipted for to present their claims.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am not willing to
admit that the relation existed between the true
men of the country and the Government dur-
ing this war which the Senator from Michigan
says the law of war establishes. I do not be-
lieve that a citizen of one of the southern
States, if he were true to the Government,
became, because of the insurrection, an alien
enemy in the sense defined by the laws of war.
But suppose the proposition of the Senator to
be true; suppose that the law of war does fix
their relation as he describes it; and suppose
that it be a legal right of the Government to
take the property of citizens in the enemy's
country for the public use, is he in favor of
exerting that right of war against a man in the
Southern States that has stood out against the
rebellion, that has been true all the while to
the country, that was true under circumstances
of embarrassment that no man in the North
experienced ?
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator will allow
me, I will answer his question.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly.
Mr. HOWARD. That is not a question for
me to decide. That is a question to be decided
by the commander in the field who is leading
the army, and who is to be the judge of the
necessity of taking the private property of per-
sons, citizens of the community where he is, ill
the act of prosecuting the war. That is not for
me to determine.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think this bill makes
the question for the Senator and each Senator
to decide. We must decide upon the question
of right and conscience, whether we ought to
take the property of a true man in the south-
ern States, a man who, against the force of
popular opinion, in presence of personal dan-
gers, stood up for his country in the war—
whether we shall visit upon him the stern rule
which may be enforced against a public enemy.
As a matter of conscience and right, merely
because there may be a technical right which
we can enforce, shall we do it? I think it is
not right to do it.
But, sir, this country has not been in the
habit of enforcing that right of war to which
the Senator from Michigan refers. When our
columns invaded Mexico our commanders did
not choose to treat even the Mexicans, who
were unquestionably foreign enemies, in the
sense and manner which the Senator now de-
mands against our own citizens in the south-
ern States, but when our commissary and quar-
termaster's departments took supplies for the
Army from the people of Mexico, they were
paid, and paid the full value, so that when our
Army passed over a section of country it deft
friends instead of enemies; and the whole body
of our people approved the policy adopted by
General Scott and General Taylor in that re-
gard. And now a principle and a policy which
wc adopted wisely, and which was approved by
the country in a war against a foreign Power
when our Army invaded that foreign coun-
try, is not regarded by the .Senator as proper
to be extended to the true men of our own
country in the late controversy. Mr. Presi-
dent, I cannot understand this at all. I can-
not understand why a loyal man in the South
shall not be paid for any article that he has
supplied to the Army.
My objection to this bill when it was before
the Committee on the -Judiciary and we were
considering it there was, that it did not go far
enough; that it did not take away the adjudi-
cation from the Quartermaster General who,
in regard to these claims, is exceedingly close
and hard, while in other respects the money
goes by the millions. That is the objection I
have to the bill; but I did not suppose any
Senator would say that a loyal man in the
South who is entitled to peculiar regard should
not be paid for his property when that property
went to feed the soldiers and horses of our
Army, simply on the ground that we may claim
a technical rule of war against him. I do not
think we have that claim. I do not think such
men were foreign enemies. I think they were,
citizens within the limit of our own country
struggling for that country. These are the-
plain views that will govern my vote upon
this quesfion.
Mr. NESMITH. I cannot reconcile the posi-
tion taken by the Senator from Michigan with
my ideas of justice in a case of this kind. How-
ever true it may be that one great nation war-
ring against another may have the abstract;
right of seizing and usiug private property for'
public use, it is a right that is very seldom
resorted to. The Senator from Indiana very
