1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
183
39tii Cosg....1st Sess.
Civil Bights Bill—Veto Message—Mr. Davis.
Senate.
I wonder if the legislators who might pass such
laws woulS not cause the negroes, who would
be by them deprived of civil rights assured to
white persons, or have different punishments
inflicted upon them from white people who had
committed the same offenses, would not have
caused fhose discriminations against negroes ;
and would not, therefore, come within the pur-
view of the peual section of this bill. The Sen-
ator's triumph over the President is but his own
self-delusion.
But this measure proscribes all discrimina-
tions against negroes in favor of vrhite persons
that may be made anywhere in the CJnited States
by any •' ordinance,regulation, or custom," as
well as by " law or statute." I never heard,
until the Senator informed us in his speech, that
punishment of negroes, free or slave, had ever
been authorized by any custom in any of the late
slave States ; and he will pardon me, I hope,
for telling him that he has been misinformed.
The owners, by authority of law, both universal
and local, were authorized to inflict reasonable
personal correction upon their slaves; and this
was all of it. The same principle applies to
children and apprentices, and how long has it
been since it was in force, in many cases with
great severity, in the Army and Navy of the
United States? And it still exists in extreme
rigor in every other military and naval service.
But there are civil rights, immunities, and
privileges "which ordinances, regulations, and
customs" confer upon white persons every-
where in the United States, and withhold from
negroes. On ships and steamboats the most
comfortable and handsomely furnished cabins
and state-rooms, the first tables, and other
privileges; in public hotels the most luxuriously
appointed parlors, chambers, and saloons, the
most sumptuous tables, and baths; in churches
not only the most softly cushioned pews, but
the most eligible sections of the edifices; on
railroads, national, local, and street, not only
seats, but whole cars, are assigned to white
persons to the exclusion of negroes and mu-
lattoes. All these discriminations in the entire
society of the United States are established by
ordinances, regulations, and customs. This
bill proposes to break down and sweep them
all away, and to consummate their destruction,
and bring the two races upon the same great
plane of perfect equality, declares all persons
who enforce those distinctions to be criminals
against the United States, and subjects them
to punishment by fine and imprisonment, and
directs the appointment of legions of officers to
prosecute, both penally and civilly, for the
benefit of the favored negro race, at the cost
of the United States, and puts at the dis-
posal of these officers the posse comitatus, the
militia, and the Army and Navy of the United
States, to enable them to execute this bold and
iniquitous device to revolutionize the Govern-
ment and to humiliate and degrade the white
population, and especially of the late slave
States, to the level of the negro race. Vain
effort! All the forces summoned by this meas-
ure to insure its execution would fail. The
mass of them would ultimately turn with loath-
ing and horror from the detestable enterprise
to overwhelm its authors—an enterprise not
only against the instinct^ and customs of the
whole white race, but also against the un-
changeable laws of nature.
Has the Constitution delegated to Congress
the power to pass this monstrous measure ? If
it has the power to take up the revision, gen-
erally and indefinitely, of the State constitu-
tions, "laws, statutes, ordinances, regulations,
and customs" that establish and control all the
civil rights, all the crimes and misdemeanors,
pains, penalties, and punishments for the en-
tire people of the United States, which the pro-
visions of this bill recklessly arrogate : if Con-
gress possesses the sovereign power to abol-
ish, reform, and conform at its will throughout
that vast and varied domain of legislation, to re-
peal, to restrict, to lop off, to change, to alter and
modify the entire body of State laws, constitu-
tions, statutes, ordinances, regulations, and cus-
toms. and to declare what parts shall remain
and be executed, and what parts shall cease to
be and shall not be executed; and that all en-
forcement of the portions it proscribes shall
constitute crime, and the State officers exe-
cuting them shall be criminals and tried by
courts created by it, and punished according
to the measure it may prescribe, what is there
to prevent Congress from passing an entire and
exclusive civil and criminal code for all the
thirty-six States? Grant to Congress the prin-
ciples and the amount of power embodied in
this bill and it cannot be successfully denied
that it does possess all that would be required
to force upon the States their entire civil and
criminal bodies of law.
But the Constitution created no such a hydra-
headed monster as a Congress with such enor-
mous power would be. Every man with ordi-
nary knowledge of the civil history of our
country knows that before the adoption of the
Constitution all the States were sovereign and
independent, and that their Articles of Con-
federation were only a league, terms of federa-
tion, made by independent nationalities. The
people of the several States formed a common
Government by surrendering parts of that whole
political sovereignty, which each one of them
possessed, and aft the powers which they parted
with they expressed in the Constitution, and by
its provisions organized them into a Govern-
ment of three departments. This new Gov-
ernment being formed, not by one people of
their original and plenary political sovereignty,
but of particular powers, delegated by tiiirteen
separate and independent States, the people of
each of which were possessed of full political
sovereignty, the same powers being surrendered
by eachStateto a common Governmentaccord-
ing to the provisions of the Constitution, one
of its necessary and fundamental principles was
that all sovereignty, rights, and powers not
delegated by the Constitution to the common
Government, nor prohibited to the States, were
retained by them respectively and separately.
The Constitution thus divided all political sov-
ereignty and power between the States and the
common Uovernment.
The exact line of partition, what powers
were delegated to the General Government, and
what were retained by the States, was a most
interesting problem, that was early and gen-
erally discussed by the people, and particularly
by the conventions of the several States which
adopted the Constitution. This discussion has
continued ever since, without a full and satis-
factory solution having been reached. I will
read some extracts from several of those able
papers over the signature of "1'ublicus." by
Hamilton,' Madison, and Jay, urging upon the
people of the States the adoption of the Con-
stitution; and which numbers were, soon after
they were published, compiled into a book with
the title of " Federalist." Those letters were
written before the Constitution was adopted,
and were of course restricted to the exposition
of the original text. The passages I will read,
bear with directness and conclusive force on the
question of the constitutionality of the pending
act:
Hamilton, in No. IT of the Federalist, page
76, says;
41 Commerce, finance, negotiation, and war, seem to
comprehend all the object? which have charms for
minds governed by that passion, [ambition :] and aii
the powers necessary to these objects ought, in the
first instance, to be lodged in flieiiationaldcpositoi-y.
The administration of private jpstice between eitiiens
of the same State, the supervision ot agriculture^ and
of other concerns of a similar nature, all those things,
in short, which are proper to be piovided for by local
legislation, can never be desirable cares of a general
jurisdiction. It is therefore improbable that there
should exist a disposition m the Federal council^ to
usurp thepowers with which tliey are connectcd," A:c.
On page 77, the same writer says :
"There is one transcendent, advantage belonging
to the province of the State governments which alone
suffices to place the matter in a clear and satisfactory
light: I mean the ordinary administration of crim-
inal and civil justice. This, of all others, is the most
powerful, the most universal, and most attractive
source of popular obedience and attachment. It is
this which, being the immediate and visible guardian
of life and property; having its benefits and. its ter-
rors in constant activity before the public eye, regu-
lating all those personal interests and familiar con-
cerns to which thesensibilitiesof individuals are more
immediately awake, contributes, more than any other
circumstance, to impress apon the minds of the peo-
ple affection, esteem, and reverence toward the Gov-
ernment. This great cement of society, which will
diffuse itself almost wholly through the channels of
the State governments, independent of all other causes
of influence, would insure them so decidcd an empire
over their respective citizens as to render them at all
times a complete counterpoise, and not unfrequentiy
dangerous rivals to the power of the Union."
Again, Hamilton, in No. '23 of the Feder-
alist, page 104, says, in speaking of the powers
proposed to be conferred on the Government
of the United States by the Constitution:
" The principal purposes to be answered by union
are these: the common defense of the members; the
preservation of the public peace, as well against in-
ternal convulsions as external attacks: the regula-
tion of commerce with other nations and betwoen the
States; thesuperintendenceof our intercourse,polit-
ical and commercial, with foreign countries."
The same, No. 33, on page 144, says:
" If the Federal Government should overpass the
just bounds of its authority and make a tyrannical
use of its powers, the people, whose creature it is,
must appeal to the standard they have formed, and
take such measures to redress the injury done to the
Constitution as the exigency may suggest anil pru-
dence justify. The propriety of a law, in a constitu-
tional light, must always bedetermiuod by the nature-
of the powers upon which it is founded. Suppose that
by some forced cuiimj uction of its authority—which,
indeed, cannot easily be imagined—the Federal Le-
gislature should attempt to vary the law of descent
in any State, would it not be evidentin making such
an attempt, it had exceeded its jurisdiction and in-
fringed upon that of the State'! Suppose, again, that
upon a prepense of an interference with its revenue,
it should undertake to abrogate a land tax imposed
by the authority of a State, would not it be equally
evident that this was an invasion of that eoneuirent
jurisdiction in rcspect to this species of tax which the
Constitution plainly supposes to exist iu the State
governnuuitsY''
In the same number of the Federalist, page
145, is tins passage:
" Though a law, 1 herefore, laying a tax for the use
of the United States, would be supreme in itsnalure,
and could not be legally opposed or con trolled, yet a
law abrogating or preventing the collection of a tax
laid by the authority of a State (unless upon imports
and exports; would not be the supreme law of the
land, bur a usurpation of a power not granted by the
Constitution."
Mr. Madison wrote No. 3Qj'and on page 178
it says:
" But if the Government be national with regard
to the operation of its powers (acting individually
and personally on all citizens composing the nation)
it changes its aspect again when we contemplate it
in relation to the extent of its powers. The idea of
a national Government involves in it not only an
authority over the individual citizen, but an indefi-
nite supremacy over all peisons and things, so tar as
they are objects of lawful government. Among a
people consolidated into one nation tnis supremacy
is completely vested in the national Legislature.
Among communities united for paiiicular puiposes
it is vested partly in the general and partly in the
municipal Lcgislatun s. In the former case all local
! auuiorities are subordinated to the eupreuie, and may
1 be controlled, directed, oi abolished by it at pleasure.
I In the latter the local or municipal authorities form
! distmet and independent paitiesof the supremacy,
| no more subject, within their respective spheres, to
i the general authority than the general authority is
j subjecttothoscwichinltsownsphere. Intlnsrelation,
: then, the proposed Government cannot be deemed a
I national one, saiee us jurisdiction extends to certain
! enumerated objects only, and leaves to the scveial
i States a residtuuy and inviolable soveieignty over
all other objects, it i^ true that m controversies re-
does not eiu.nge the principle of the case. The de-
' ciston is to be impartially made according to the rules
' of tiie Constitution/'
! We have in these extracts a clear and pre-
| cise statement of important principles of the
i Constitution: and an elimination of some of
| the powers of both the United States ami the
I Stales, by the two greatest intellects and states-
men of the Convention. According to their
authority, the enactment and the administra-
tion of "all laws regulating the affairs of citi-
zens of the same State, aud all other things
! which it is projfbi' to he provided for by local
■ legislation: the ordinary administration of
