1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3583
correctly states that in the war with Mexico
we refrained from exercising any rights of that-
kind, and invariably paid for all property taken.
No property was confiscated excepting public
property. If we were in the habit of exercis-
ing that forbearance with a foreign nation, aiftl
if that leniency is universally exercised by civ-
ilized Governments toward one another, I think
it hardly becomes us to adopt a rule at this
time that will be so oppressive on the Union
men who adhered to the Government in the
southern States during our recent rebellion.
Why, sir, if the idea had been proclaimed at
the commencement of this war that the prop-
erty of every man in the South would be taken,
no matter what his convictions were or how
strong a friend he was of this Government, how
many friends should we have had there ? We
should have driven every man from the sup-
port of the Union cause. I think the propo-
sition is monstrous, to say that the property of
a man who, living in that country and contend-
ing against all obstacles, adhered to the Gov-
ernment, should be seized, and that he should
receive no compensation for it.
Sir, I do not believe in the theory advanced
by the Senator from Michigan, that the fortunes
and condition of every citizen of a State fol-
low the condition of a State or follow any the-
ory that the State may adopt. If the major-
ity of a State see proper to go into secession
against the wishes of a minority, I think the
minority have rights that are entitled to pro-
tection. I do not believe that every man be-
comes a rebel because he happens to live in
a rebel State. Why, sir, it was only a few days
since that the Senator himself made a speech
in favor of paying Mr. Pettigru, of South Car-
olina, for his library; Mr. Pettigru, who, under
the very construction that the Senator places
upon this question of national law, must have
been a rebei himself. If the condition of Mr.
Pettigru. he living in a southern State, neces-
sarilyfollowed the condition of the State, then
the Senator from Michigan perpetrated a gross
and palpable wrong in voting $5,000 to a man
who was a rebel, not personally a rebel, but who
became a rebel by virtue of a majority of the
people of his State being rebels, although at the
same time the Senator admitted that this man
was loyal himself. If Mr. Pettigru's library
or Mr. Pettigru's property had been taken for
the use of the United States, I should think
he would have just as much claim for pay for it
at the hands of the Government as he had for
pay for a library which the United States had
never taken from him. I think the position of
the Senator upon the pending question and the
one which was under consideration the other
day is grossly at variance.
Mr. HOWARD. I am not able to see the
inconsistency that the honorable Senator ftom
Oregon imputes to me. What was the case of
Mr. Pettigru ? So far as the- precedent cited
by the Senator has anything to do with this
case, it is this: Mr. Pettigru was a Union man
in sentiment, and so remained* until the time
of his death, which was sometime after the
breaking out of the war. He left a large pro-
fessional library, which his heirs or representa-
tives proposed to sell to the United States.
When that proposition was before the Senate,
I voted to buy the library, and to give a quid
pro quo simply to the heirs of Mr. Pettigru.
With that very simple transaction I do not con-
ceive that the laws or usages of war have any-
thing to do, or that they have any sort of ap-
plication in the remotest degree.
It is very true, probably, that during the in-
vasion of Mexico by General Scott there were
occasional payments to the enemy for property
furnished by them and sold to the Army and
used by the Army; but the Senator from In-
diana will not undertake to say, I fancy, nor
will the Senator from Oregon, that such a thing
as foraging upon the enemy while the Army
was in Mexico never took place. According
to my recollection, and I was not inattentive
to the events which transpired during that
war, the system of foraging and seizing private
property for the use of the Army without com-
pensation was as general on that occasion as
in other modern wars; and certainly the Gov-
ernment of the United States have never been
called upon to pay to the friends of the Uni-
ted States residing .in Mexico any money or
other compensation for the seizure of private
property belonging to them during our mili-
tary operations in that republic.
Mr. NBSMITH. I will undertake to cor-
rect the Senator there. There have been im-
mense claims preferred to this Government of
the very character of seizures that he speaks
of, and a great many of them have been paid
—claims of citizens of the United States resid-
ing in Mexico whose property was seized dur-
ing the war. •
Mr. HOWARD. I am not talking about
citizens of the United States; I am talking
about Mexicans who were national enemies at
that time. I have yet to learn that they have
made any such application, much less that the
Government of the United States has paid
tliem—Mexican citizens and public enemies—
for property taken from them without compen-
sation by the American Army in its operations
in Mexico. I fancy the Senator will not be
able to produce a single instance of it; and I
presume that no Senator can produce a single
instance of the kind in the history of all wars,
ancient or modern, where the Government has
stepped in and paid a public enemy for prop-
erty taken by its army in the course of its reg-
ular operations.
The Senator from Indiana insists that the
insurgents are not to be treated or considered
in fact or in-law as alien enemies. I have not
so stated. I have never intimated that they
were aliens ; but that they were enemies and
belligerents for the purposes of carrying on the
war is evidenced by the whole course of our
proceeding's from the beginning to the close
of the contest. It is not necessary that a party
should be an alien in order to become an en-
emy. Sir, the very necessity of the case im-
posed upon us the duty, growing out of motives
of humanity and the observance of the laws of
war as connected with humanity, to recognize
them as belligerents, and of course as enemies
for that purpose. We recognized their whole
communities as enemies.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I simply wish to refer
the honorable Senator to a case. I suppose
that if it is proper to pay for the destruction of
the property of a Union man in one of the re-
volted States, it is equally proper to pay for the
property which was taken in those States.
During this present session of Congress you
passed an act giving §10,000 to a gentleman
residing in Virginia, and that was one of the
States in revolt, on account of damages done
to his property; and if you give $10,000 on
account of damages done to a Union man's
property in Virginia, why should you not give
compensation where you take his properly and
use it?
Mr. HOWARD. I am not aware that any
such law has passed Congress.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I allude to the case of
Armes.
Mr. HOWARD. That has not passed and
is not a law.
Mr. SAULSBURY. It passed the Senate.
Mr. HOWARD. No, sir'._
Several Senators. It did pass, but was
reconsidered.
Mr. HOWARD. At all events it has not
become a law. There may be exceptional
cases presenting individual hardships of pecu-
liar character, invoking the humanity and the
benevolence of Congress, and invoking relief.
We have ground to expect that there are such
cases. When such a case shall be presented,
I shall be entirely willing to consider it upon
its individual merits; but I will never agree—
and I do not think the Senate ought to agree
—to pay for all the property which may have
been taken even from Union men in the rebel
States during the prosecution of the war. Sir,
it was a misfortune brought upon those-men,
in common with all other people in the State,
by the declaration and prosecution of the re-
bellion against the United States; and I will
never consent to take th<? money of my con-
stituents, their hard earnings, and hand it over
to a quartermaster or a commissary general
to be paid to a man who, notwithstanding the
witnesses and proofs he may adduce of his
loyalty, may have been, and in most cases will
turn out to have been, an arrant rebel. I am
not to be deceived and trepanned in this way.
I will grant as readily as any gentleman relief
in individual cases where the proof is clear and
undoubted; but I will not put this immense
power of granting or withholding this relief
into the hands of a subordinate officer of the
United States who may proceed to hear tho
ease ex parte, and to make up his mind upon
perjured testimony, where it will be impossi-
ble for us to hold the officer to anything like a
proper accountability. The whole thing, in
my judgment, is loose and in *the highest de-
gree dangerous to the country, and especially
to the Treasury.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the bill
by striking out in the sixth and seventh lines
of the first section, after the word "same," the
words "or which may have been taken by such
officer without giving such receipt;" so that
it will read:
That all claims of loyal persons, not exceeding
■SOOO, for quartermaster's stores actually furnished to
the Army of tlic United States and receipted for by
the proper officer receiving tho same, may be sub-
mitted to the Quartermaster General, &c.
I believe it was the common practice during
the war for officers of the United States seizing
individual property to give a receipt for that
property, when the officer seizing it believed
that the individual owning it was loyal to the
United States, or well disposed to the United
States, and I take it there was very little prop-
erty taken during the war from persons who
had any pretense to be loyal men that was not
receipted for by the officer taking that prop-
erty. If we are to pay for that property for
which a receipt was given, we shall know some-
thing as to where we are; but if we are to
allow the provision to stand that I have, moved
to strike out, that any person who had property
taken, or had not, who can trump up a case may
go before tho Quartermaster General or Com-
missary General and prove that he had piop-
erty taken, I think we shall throw open the
Treasury to claims of millions upon millions
of dollars all depending upon the oaths of men
whose oaths we know never were worth any-
thing whatever, and have been proved so, and
are proved so to-day. Why, sir, a year ago
all through the country from the Potomac to
the Rio Grande, everybody was professing to
have done but very little during the war ; they
were very good friends of the United States ;
they were forced into doing what little they
did ; there was a power somewhere that, con-
trary to their wills, put them into the war.
That was the common talk. To-day, from the
Potomac to tho Rio Grande, there is boasting
of what has been done. Everywhere they tell
us how much they did, not liow little they did;
that they went into the rebellion voluntarily;
and if w*e are to believe what we are told now,
there was hardly a loyal man during the war
in the rebel States, and in many of those States
not any. Perhaps if we pass this bill we shall
have aiiotherpretense of loyalty, and thousands
of men who were enemies of the country during
the war will trump up evidence and eomo upon
the Treasury of the country, and profess that
they were quite loyal during the war, because
the'Treasury will be open to the oaths that they
will present to us.
Now, sir. if this amendment shall be adopted
lam willing that the bill shall pass to allow men
who hold the receipts of this Government to
have their cases examined. Many of those men
were not loyal. Our officers were very kindly
disposed toward the people of tho South. Every-
body knows the social influence that was exerted
upon them during the war. Everybody knows
how many of those officers were persuaded to
say things and do things and sign papers that
they ought never to have done. But, sir, lc-t
us provide that the persons who hold certificates
