2624
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
May 16,
Mr. MYERS. No otlierparties have-engaged
in this business, so far as the committee have
been able to ascertain. There is, as I have
stated, a general desire that the error occurring
in the Patent Office should be corrected, and
that this party should not suffer by it, the
requisite testimony having been on file at the
proper time.
Mr. BOUTWELL. T wish to say that from
hearing the bill read I do not understand that
any person who may have machines for doing
this work, which were made during the period
of time since the expiration of the patent, is
authorized to continue the use of them.
Mr. MYERS. There is a provision incor-
porated in the bill that no parties shall be held
to account for damages by such reason.
Mr. BOUTWELL. That is in the bill,
undoubtedly; butt^ere is no provision that peo-
ple who have built machines while there was
no patent shall be authorized to continue the
use of the same without being liable. That is-
a well-recognized principle in such cases, and
ought to be incorporated in this bill.
Jlr. MYERS. I have no objection whatever
to accepting an amendment of that kind, but I
think it is already covered.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I then move to amend
by inserting the words "or build or use ma-
chines."
Mr. MYERS. I now demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment was agreed to,
and the bill ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I call for the
readme; of the report.
Mr. MYERS. There is a report, but it is
lengthy, and to save time I will state the par-
ticulars.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. If the gentle-
man will yield a moment I will state my objec-
tions.
Mr. MYERS. I will yield.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I understand
that this case presents these facts: a patent was
issued for an invention, which has expired, and
the period allowed for an application for an
extension of the patent has expired some years
since.
Mr. MYERS. Yes, sir.
Mr. HARDING, oflllinois. Howlongsince?
Mr. MYERS. Two or three years.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. I will ask
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Myers]
if this is the same bill that was rejected last
year.
Mr. MYERS. Precisely the same bill which
was before the House last year, and which
failed because at that time the question asked
by the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wasii-
biTi.ve] could not be answered for want of the
necessary testimony before the committee. We
now have that testimony.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I wish to call
the attention of the House to a practice which
I think is a fraud upon the people of this coun-
try. After these inventions have been brought
before the public, and have probably become
of great public utility, and have been enjoyed
by the inventor for the period of time provided
by the patent laws, the period of the patent
expires. After that time, no notice of an ex-
tension having been given, the citizens of the
country enter into the business of manufactur-
ing the machines thus patented.
Mr. MYERS. If the gentleman will allow
me a word, I think he heed not pursue that
line of argument any further. We have placed
in the bill a provision for the protection of all
persons such as those to whom he refers.
.Mr. HARDING, oflllinois. For all persons
who have machines?
Mr. MYERS. Yes. sir.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I go beyond
that. I call attention to the fact that in many
instances where patents have expired estab-
lishments have been put up for the manufac-
ture of the machines, involving the expenditure
af a large sum of money. They make a few
machines, and the use of those machines is
protected by this exception. But what is to
be done for the large establishments? Why
simply this: the renewal of the patent gives the
patentee an opportunity to go and levy black
mail upon every man making th'ese machines,
or he must shut up shop and sacrifice a large
amount of money.
Mr. MYERS; If the gentleman will allow
me a word I think I can satisfy him on that
point. There was evidence before the com-
mittee that there was no party whatever who
had entered into this business.
Mr. HARDING, oflllinois. How search-
ing and general was your investigation ?
Mr. MYERS. Enough to prove a negative-
pregnant, at all events.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I have refer-
ence in my own mind to an invention in rela-
tion to plows,.which expired -some years ago.
The people of the West and of the country
generally entered into the manufacture of that
article. There were large shops erected for
that purpose. Then comes up an application
for a renewal of the patent, and if the inventor
obtains the renewal he can go and levy black
mail upon all who are now engaged in the
business.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Does my
colleague refer to the Dundas patent for a
cultivator?
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. Yes, sir.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. The reis-
sue is to go back to 1851, covering all improve-
ments since then, and subordinating all agri-
cultural interests to a few patent sharps.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. There is this
case then: a man invests money in this man-
ufacture, and as soon as he gets a good start
in it the inventor comes here and gets author-
ity from the Commissioner of Patents to go
back and levy black mail, and I am opposed
to it.
Mr. MYERS. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Harding] could not have heard the state-
ment I made in regard to this matter. This is
the case where the administratrix, lately the
widow of the inventor, is applying to have a
mistake corrected which occurred in the Pat-
ent Office. The application was made in time,
but was rejected because certain requisite evi-
dence was supposed not to be there. But the
Commissioner of Patents reports to the com-
mittee that he made a mistake, that the evi-
dence was in his office. Even if all the ideas
of the gentleman in this case were correct this
lady would have the right to a rehearing.
But it was further shown that this lady now
is almost entirely supported by the little pit-
tance that has been given her during this in-
terim, as it was given her during the original
term of the patent, by William H. Webb and
James Udall, distinguished citizens of New
York, who obtained rights under the patent.
Mr. HARDING, oflllinois. I withdraw my
remarks as far as they apply to the widow, but
I stand by the general principle.
Mr. MYERS. The gentleman may have a
weakness for widows; but I have a weakness
for justice, and this is a just application.
Mr. TAYLOR. I desire to ask the gentle-
man one question, and that is this, whether
or not this lady has not sold to other parties
the interest which this legislation proposes to
confer upon her.
Mr. MYERS. That was the very point upon
which the application was rejected in the Pat-
ent Office ; and the Commissioner of Patents
now certifies that there was testimony in his
office at the time, that the extension would
inure to her benefit.
Mr. TAYLOR. I would like the gentleman
to answer that question directjy, whether or
not this lady has any direct interest in this
patent.
Mr. MYERS. Yes, sir; it is upon proof
of that fact that the bill has been reported.
Mr. JENCKES. The concluding sentence
of the bill answers the gentleman's question.
.Will the Clerk.please read that?
The Clerk read as follows :
And provided, also, That the Commissioner shall he
satisfied before granting the extension that it will
inure to the benefit of said Delia A. Jacobs.
Mr. MYERS. I think that entirely .meets
the objection suggested by the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Taylor.] I now demand
the pre > ions question.
The previous question w„as 'seconded and
the main question ordered, which was upon
the passage of the bill.
On the question there were—ayes 62, noes 31.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; g,nd it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 88, nays 81, not, voting
G4; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Aneona, Anderson, James M.Ash-
ley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Barker, Benjamin, Ber-
gen, Blow,Boutwell,Boyer, Bromwell.Bundy, Header
W. Clarke, Conkling, Darling, Davis. Dawes, Delano,
Denison, Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Dumont, Eggles-
ton, Eliot, Ferry, Finck, Garfield, Goodyear, Grider,
Hart, Higby, Hogan, Holmes, llotehkiss, Asahet W.
Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, Edwin
N. Hubbell, Jamcj It. Qabbell, Jenckes. Julian, Kas-
son, Kelley, Kelso, Kerr, Ketcham, Kuykendall, Lai-
lin, George V. Lawrence, Le Blond, Loan, Longyear,
Lynch, Marston, McCulIoug'n, MeKee, MeRuer, Mer- .
cur. Miller, Moorhead, Morris, Myers, Niblaek, Nich-
olson, O'Neill, Perham, Samuel J. Randall, Rog-
ers, Scofield, Shanklin, Sitgreaves, Strousc.Taber,
Thayer, TrimV.o, Van Acrmuri, Burt Van Horn, Ward,
Warner, William B. Washburn, Welker, Williams,
Stephen F. Wilson, Winfield, and Woodbridge—88.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley. Allison, Ames, Bidwell,Brau-
degec, Brooinall, Cobb, Cook, Oullom. Dawson, Deal-
ing, Eckley, Aaron Harding, Abner C. Harding, Wil-
liam Lawrence, Morrill, Paine, Pike, Plants, Price,
Ilitter, Rollins, Ross, Sawyer, Sloan, Spalding,
Taylor, Elihu B. Washburne. Henry D. Washburn,
James F. Wilson, and Windom—31.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Delos R. Ashley, Baxter,
Bcaman, Bingham, Blaine, Buckland, Chanler, Sid-
ney Clarke, Coffroth, Culver, Defrees, Dixon, Eldridge,
Farnsworth, Farcjunar.Glossbrenner, Grinnell, Gns-
wold, Hale, Harris, Hayes, Henderson, Hill, Hooper, -
Chester D. Hubbard, Hulburd, James Humphrey,
James M. Humphrey, Ingersoll, Johnson, Jones, La-
tham, Marshall, Marvin, MeClurg, Mclndoe, Moul-
toq, Newell, Noell,Orth, Patterson, Phelps, Pomeroy,
Radford, William A. Randall, Raymond, Alexander
II. Rice, John H. Rice, Rousseau. Schenck. Shel-
labarger, Smith, Starr, Stevens, Stilwell, Francis
Thomas, John L. Thomas, Thornton, Trowbridge,
Upson. Robert T. Van Horn, Wentwortli, Whaley,
and Wright—64.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. MYERS moved to reconsider the vote
just taken ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider bo laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM IIANN AND JACOB SKSEFP,
Mr. MYERS, from theCommittee on Patents,
reported a bill for the relief of William Mann
and Jacob Senneff; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill, which was read at length, authorizes
the Commissioner of Patents to hear and de-
termine upon the application of William Mann
for an extension of his letters patent dated July
11, 1852, which will expire July 11, 18GG, and
upon the application of Jacob Senneff for an
extension of his letters patent dated January
13, 1852, which expired January IS, 186G, and
to decide upon said applications with like effect
as though the said applications had been duly
filed ninety days before the expiration of said
letters patent; and the Commissioner of Pat-
ents is directed to publish forthwith notice of
said applications for the extension of said let-
ters patent, with like effect as though said pub-
lication had been made sixty days before the
expiration of said letters patent.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
report will be read. *
Mr. MYERS. There is no report in these
cases. I will state very briefly the reasons for
the applications.
In the case of Mr. Mann, he was in Europe,
and was not aware that ninety days' notice
must be given of the application for an exten-
sion. Sixty days yet remain before the expi-
ration of that patent. In the case of Jacob
Senneff, he was in the Army, and therefore
could not attend to the renewal of his patent.
It is simply t<3%llowthe Commissioner to hear
as though full notice had been given. One
lacked thirty days of the time, the party being
