184
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 6,
Senate.
Civil Rights Bill—Veto MIessage—Mr. Davis.
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
criminal and civil justice, which is the imme-
diate and visible guardianship of life and prop-
erty, having its benefits and its terrors in con-
stant activity before the public eye, regulating
all those personal interests and familiar con-
cerns to which the sensibilities of individuals
are more immediately awake; these various
and great interests belong exclusively to the
States. They say further, that the power and
jurisdiction of the General Government "ex-
tends to certain enumerated objects only, and
leaves to the several States a residuary and
inviolable sovereignty over all other objects."
"That the principle purposes to be answered
by the General Government are the common
defense, the preservation of the public peace,
as well against internal convulsions as external
attacks, the regulation of commerce with other
nations, and between the States; the superin-
tendence of our intercourse, political and-com-
mercial, with other countries;" and that all
the powers necessary and proper to give effect
to those purposes are conferred on the General
Government. That the General Government
is supreme within the sphere of the powers con-
ferred upon it by the Constitution, and that all
other powers were retained by the States, and
within that sphere the States are possessed of
distinct and independent supremacy, and no
more subject to the authority of the General
Government than it, within its appropriate
sphere, is subject to the authority of the States.
These authorities further announce in plain
language, that if Congress should pass an act
impinging on any of the reserved powers of the
States, it would be no law because of its want-
ing the sanction of the Constitution. Hamilton
tests the point by putting the ease of one of the
classes of civil rights, which this bill secures to
the negro race and all other persons. He
says:
"Suppose that by some forced: construction of its
authoiity, which indoed cannot oasily be imagined,
the federal Legislature were to pass an act to vary
I ho law of descent in any State, would it not be evi-
dent in making such an attempt, it had exceeded
its jurisdiction and infringed upon that of the State?
Suppose, again, that upon a pretense of an inter-
ference with its revenuo, it should undertake to
abrogate a land tax imposed by tho authority of a
State, would it not bo equally evident that this was
an invasion of tliatconeurrent jurisdiction in respect
to this species of tax, which the Constitution plainly
supposes to exist in tho State governments?"
An act of Congress, to abrogate a State law
upon any subject, of which the Federal and State
Legislature were invested with concurrent juris-
diction, Hamilton expressly concedes would be
void; and if that position is evidently true as
to such an act of Congress, in all cases where
it held a concurrent jurisdiction, how much
clearer is its truth in all cases where it has not
a vestige of jurisdiction. In what terms could
an act of Congress which assaults all the laws
of all tho States relating to the civil rights, and
the penal sanctions of ail their people, accord-
ing to the principles of those two greatest of
the great architects who built up the Constitu-
tion, be too strongly condemned.
The people generally werenot altogether sat-
isfied with the Constitution, as it had been offered
to them for their acceptance and ratification.
The ratifying conventions of most of the States
proposed amendments to it: and but for the
perfectly moral certainty that the most im-
portant of them would be proposed by Con-
gress and ratified by the requisite number of
the States, the Constitution would have been
rejected. The ten amendments first made were
within the two years next succeeding its adop-
tion. The great jealousy of the people of the
powers of the General Government and of what
would be the tendency of its administration to
encroach on the reserved sovereignty and rights
of the States, was the cause that the tenth amend-
ment was framed expressly as a check upon
its supposed inherent proclivity to centraliza-
tion, in these words:
"The powers not delegated to the United States by
the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are
reserved to the States respectively, orto the people."
Many years after this amendment was made
Chancellor Kent wrote his CoHiine'ntaries. In
his chapter on Congress is this paragraph:
" The power of making laws is the supreme power
in a State, and tho department in which it resides
will naturally have-such a prepondercnee in the
political system, and act with such mightyforce upon
tho public mivjd, that the line of separation between
that and the other branches of government ought to
be marked very distinctly, and with the most careful
precision. ' .
"The Constitution of tho United States has eifoeted
this purpose with great folicity of execution, and in
a way well calculated to preserve the equal balance
of the Government, and the- harmony of its opera-
tions. It has not only made a general delegation of
the legislative power to one branch of the Govern-
ment, of the executive to another, and of tho judi-
cial to a third'; but it has especially defined the gen-
eral powers and duties of each of those departments.
This is essential to peace and safety in any Govern-
ment, and especially in one clothcd only with speci-
fied powers for national purposes, and erected in the
midst of numerous State governments, retaining the
exclusive control of their local concerns,"—1st vol.
281, (223.)
This I consider a clear and most satisfactory
summary of principles that utterly condemns
tho pending measure.
The division of sovereignty, of all of the powers
of government, between the United States and
the several States, as stated by Hamilton, Mad-
ison, and Kent, have often been recognized by
the Supreme Court of the United States, and
all the courts, Federal and State, that have
passed upon them. In,the ease of McCullough
v . The State of Maryland the opinion of the
court pronounced by Chief Justice Marshall,
principles of constitutional law in accordance
with those recognized by Hamilton, Madison,
and Kent, are thus stated:
"In America the powcrsofsovereigntyaredivided
between the vrovemment of tho Union and those of
tho States. 'J'hey are each sovereign with respect to
the objects committed to it, neither with respect to
tho objects committed to tho other."
"This Government is acknowledged by all to be
ono of enumerated powers. The principle that it can
exercise only the powers gran ted to it would,seem too
apparent to have required to be enforced by all those
arguments which its enlightened friends, while itwas
depending before the people, found it necessary to
urge."
"Tho tenth amendment, which was framed forthe
purpose of quieting the excessive jealousies which
had boen excited, declares that' the powers not del-
egated to the United States by the Constitution, nor
prohibited by it to the States, aro reserved to the
States respectively, or to tho people/ "
"Wo admit, all must admit, the powers of the Gov-
ernmentaro limited. f JButwo think a sound construc-
tion of tho Constitution must allow to the national
Legislature the discretion with respect to the means
by which the powers it confers are to be carried into
execution, which will enable that body to perform the
high duties assigned to it in the manner most bene-
ficial to the people. Let the end be legitimate, let it
be within thobcopeof the Constitution, andallmeans
which aro appropriate, which are plainly adapted to
the end, which arc not prohibited, but consonant to
tho letter and spirit of the Constitution, are consti-
tutional."
" Should Congress, in the execution of its powers,
adopt measures which are prohibited by the Consti-
tution ; or should Congress, under tho pretext of exe-
cuting its powers, pass laws for the accomplishment
of objects not intrusted to the Government, it would
bccomo the painful duty of this tribunal, should a ease
requiring such a decision come before it, to say that
such an act was not the law of the land."
As to all these principles the great authority
of Judge Story, in his Commentaries on the
Constitution, was in perfect accordance with
Hamilton, Madison, Marshall, and Kent; as
were every judge and jurist of national reputa-
tion before the rebellion. How could it be
otherwise with men of enlarged minds, deeply
learned in the science of the law and states-
manship, since those principles are so plainly
embodied in the Constitution, in the calm and
impartial reason and judgment that had ever
before characterized the great and virtuous
judgesof the United States, who were previous
to that time imperturbed by passion, unper-
verted by sectionalism and fanaticism, not de-
bauched by ambition?
But the chairman of the Judiciary Committee
claims for Congress the power to pass this act
under section two, article four, of the Consti-
tution, in these words:
"The citizens of each State shall be entitled to all
tho privileges and immunities of citizens in the sev-
eral States."
That provision relates exclusively to the privi-
leges and immunities guarantied to-the citizen
of one State in some other State, and it does
not touch the privileges and immunities cf a
citizen of a State within the one in which he
resides. It refers to an(l provides for relations
of persons and property between two or more
States, not at all to those which are local, do-
mestic, and wholly within the limits of one
State. This construction was certainly given
to it by Hamilton and Madison, otherwise they
would have referred to it as qualifying the ex-
clusive power which they attributed to each
State over all its citizens and their concerns
wilhin it. " The honorable Senator and his
friends aro proved to have had purposes in this
act for transcending the scope of that provision
of the Constitution, by the fact, that I twice
offered amendments to it, limiting its effect and
operation to the execution of-that constitutional
provision, and he and they, on both occasions,
unanimously voted them down.
The Senator also assumes that the second
section of the amendment of the Constitution
abolishing slavery invests Congress with power
to enact this measure into a law. The first sec-
tion of thatamendment can have no other effect
than to give freedom to the persons who were
then slaves. By its language it merely declares:
'' Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude
shall exist in the United States." This pro-
vision can operate only on persons who were
theq in slavery or involuntary servitude, and
how many were in. such condition? In 1800
there were in the United States 482,122 free
negroes. Before tins amendment Maryland had
liberated her 87,187 slaves, Missouri 114,931,
and Tennessee 275,719; and at that time, by the
census of I860, there were in the United States
927,899 free negroes, who had been liberated
by (he States or their owners, and estimating
the entire black population besides to have been
slaves, and there were 3,023,086 in the United
States. It is utterly unsound and absurd to
contend that tho second section of this amend-
ment would authorize Congress to pass this
measure to comprehend those slaves, and con-
fer upon them the saijte civil rights and punish-
ments as appertained to white persons; but if
that were even true, there is no color of author-
ity for extending it to the 929,899 blacks who
were free before the adoption of this amend-
ment, and also to more than 30,000,000 of white
people, and the civil rights and punishments
of this aggregate people. The whole effect of
the second section by its language clearly is
restricted to the persons made free by the first,
and can not be made to comprehend any other
persons whatever. In this aspect also the
passage of the act by Congress was a flagrant,
reckless, and enormous usurpation of power
by the majority of the two Houses.
This measure in its every provision is violative
of the Constitution, and also of all statesman-
ship and sound policy. In the extensive con-
flict it seeks with the State laws and authorities;
in the transfer of all penal prosecutions and
civil suits instituted in the State courts for
offenses and trespasses committed under color
of it into the Federal courts; in empowering
and requiring "district attorneys, marshals,
commissioners, the officers and agents of the
Freedmen's Bureau, and every other officer
who may be specially authorized by the Pres-
ident, to institute both penal and civil proceed-
ings at the cost of the United States, against
all persons who may be charged to have vio-
lated it, and to cause them to be arrested and
imprisoned, or bailed; in empoweringthe courts
to increase the number of commissioners with-
out limit to execute it, and conferring upon such
commissioners judicial powers; in authorizing
these commissioners to appointpersons without
lijnit to execute warrants and other process that
maybe issued under it, and giving authority to
the persons so appointed to call on the bystand-
ers, or posse comilatus, the land or naval forces
of the United States, or the militia, to enable
