I860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IMS
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The order
to print will be entered and the bill referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary if there be no
objection.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
288) in relation to appointment of enlisted per-
sons at the Naval Academy and for other pur-
poses ; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. GRIMES. This bilPwas prepared at the
Navy Department and ig accompanied by a let-
ter from the Secretary of the Navy addressed
to the chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, explaining and urging the provisions
of the bill. I move that the letter be printed
in connection with the bill, and that they be
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 234) to authorize the Secretary of
War to sell a portion of the Fort Leavenworth
military reservation to the city of Leavenworth,
in the State of Kansas, for a public park; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. NYE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 235)
granting lands to aid in the construction of a
railroad and telegraph line from Virginia City
to the Truekee river, in the^ State of Nevada;
which was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to bo
printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, Snd by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
• No. 286) to authorize and establish certain post
roads ; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As that bill contains
a provision for the establishment of a bridge
across tlie Mississippi river, I move that it be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE asked, and byunanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. It. No. 54) to provide for a sur-
vey ®f a route for steam navigation through the
Wisconsin river, from the Mississippi river to
Green Bay, on Lake Michigan ; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
SEIZURE OF STEAMSHIP METEOR.
Mr. GRIMES submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested (if not deemed by him to be incompat-
ible with the public interests) to transmit to theScn-
ate copies of all correspondence that has passed be-
tween the Government of the United States and the
representatives of the Government of Spain, in rela-
tion to the seizure and detention of the steamship
Meteor; as well as copies of all instructions issued on
the same subject to tbo United States district attor-
ney and marshals for the southern district of tho
State of Sew York.
COAST SURVEY REPORT.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was referred to tho Committee
on Printing:
Mem hied. That there be printed of the report of the
Superintendent of the United States Coast Survey for
the year 1865, twelve hundred copies extra for tlie use
of the Senate, and three thousand copies for distri-
bution by the Superintendent of tho Coast Survey.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. MoPiiersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
the following bills and joint resolutions, in
which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate :
A bill (II. R. No. 281) to amend the postal
k7 'bill (II. R. No. 416) for the benefit of
certain half-breeds and mixed" bloods of the
Winnebago tribe of Indians : and
A joint resolution (H. R. No, 103) to refer
the petition of Benjamin Holliday to the Court
of Claims.
39TH CONG, 1ST SESS.—No. 105.
SPRINGFIELD ARMORY LANDS.
Mr. WILSON. I now call up the joint reso;
lution that I reported a few moments ago, in
relation to the public lands at the Springfield
armory.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That joint
resolution having been reported to-day, and
objection having been made to its considera-
tion, it lies over under the rule unless the Sen-
ator making the objection withdraws it.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not object to it now.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator only objected
to it until the morning business could be dis-
posed of.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole,-proceeded to_ con-
sider the joint resolution (EL II. No. 96) in re-
lation to the public lands appertaining to the
armory at Springfield, which proposes to re-
vive, reenact, ana continue in force tho first
section of a joint resolution approved Junel7,
1844, entitled "A resolution relating to the
public lands appertaining to the armories at
Springfield and Harper's Ferry."
Mr. GRIMES. What is the section that it
is proposed to reenact?
Mr. WILSON. I will simply say that this
resolution revives an old resolution which em-
powered the Secretary of War to lay out streets
adjoining the Government lands at Springfield,
and to dispose of a portion of the Government,
lands in exchange for other lands. This reso-
lution is introduced for the purpose of enabling
the armory at Springfield to obtain certain
lands that they desire, and to lay out certain
streets; in other words, to authorize the Secre-
tary of War to make such arrangements with
the military authorities at Springfield and other
persons as will accommodate the Government
with the lands it needs in exchange for others
that it possesses. It puts the whole power in
his hands to make such disposition as he may
deem necessary for the public interest. It is a
very small matter any way, but it is deemed
necessary to pass this resolution.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment; ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
TRANSFER OF SMITHSONIAN LIBRARY.'
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be
no further morning business, the Cha% will call
up the unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. HOWE. Is that now regularly before
the Senate?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not
regularly before the Senate until one o'clock,
but if there be no other business the Chair will
call it up. - . „
Mr. HOWE. Then I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 216.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 210J to provide for the transfer of the cus-
tody of the library of the Smithsonian Institu-
tion to the Library of Congress, was read a sec-
ond time and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It provides that the library collected
by the Smithsonian Institution under the pro-
visions of an act approved August 10, 184G,
shall be removed from tho building of that In-
stitution, with the consent of the regents, to the
new fire-proof extension of the Library of Con-
gress upon completion of a sufficient portion for
its accommodation, and while there deposited,
I it is to he subject to the same regulations as the
! Library of Congress, except as provided in this
bill.
When the library shall have been so removed
and deposited, the Smithsonian Institution is
to have tho use of it in like manner as it is now
used, and the public is to have access thereto
for purposes of consultation on every ordinary
week-day, except during one month of each
year, when it may bo closed for renovation.
All the books, maps, and charts of tho Smith-
sonian library are to be properly cared for and
preserved in like manner as are those of the
Congressional Library, from which the Smith-
sonian library is not to be removed except on
reimbursement by the Smithsonian Institution
to the Treasury cif the U nited States of expenses
incurred in binding and in taking care of it, or
upon such terms and conditions as shall be
mutually agreed upon by Congress and the
regents.
The Smithsonian Institution, through its sec-
retary, is to have the use of the Library of Con-
gress, subject to the same regulations as Sen-
ators and Representatives. The Librarian of
Congress is to be authorized to employ two ad-
ditional assistants, who are to receive a yearly
compensation of $800 and $1,000, respectively,
commencing J uly 1, 1866; and the sum of $500,
or so much thereof as may be necessary, is
appropriated to defray the expenses of tKe
removal provided for in the bill.
Mr. HOWE. I move to amend the bill in
section two, line six, by inserting the words in
the recess of Congress" after the word "year,"
so that it will read :
That when such library shall have been so removed
and deposited, the Smithsonian Institution shall have
tho use thereof in like manner as it is now used, and
the public shall have access thereto for purposes ot
consultation on every ordinary week-day, except
during one month of each year in tho recess of Con-
gress, when it may bo closed for renovation. #
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to ask tho Sen-
ator from Wisconsin whether this bill contem-
plates the permanent transfer of these books
to tho Congressional Library ? These boolcs
belong to the Smithsonian trust fund, which.
1 think ought not to be diverted.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator will see, if he
looks over the bill, that it does not transfer the
title of the books. It is the custody of the
books that is transferred to the Congressional
Library for safe-keeping, as well as for the bet-
ter accommodation of the public.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will state to the Sena-
tor from Indiana that this is a mutual arrange-
ment. entered into between the regents of the
Smithsonian Institution and the Committee on
the Library, satisfactory to both parties. It
is thought to be safer to have them deposited
there. There is danger of them at. present, as
the building in which'they are is not fire-proof.
The bill was reported to tho Senate as
amended, and the amendment concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read tho third time, and
passed.
MINNESOTA LAND GRANTS.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate post-
pone all other business and proceed with the
consideration of Senate bill No. 221.
The motion was agreed to and the bill (S.
No. 221) relating to lands granted to the State
of Minnesota to in constructing railroads,
w as read a second time by its title, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides that whenever it shall appear that
the United Stales have sold or disposed of any
lands granted to the Territory or State of Min-
nesota for the purpose of aiding in the con-
struct ion of railroads, after the passage of the
act making the grant, and after the definite loca-
tion of the line of road, and before the with-
drawal of the lands from sale at the proper
local land office, the State may by its agent
select, in lieu of the lands so sold or disposed
of, from any of the lands of the United States
subject to sale, within twenty miles of the line
of the proper road, a quantity of land equal to
that so sold or disposed of; and the lands so
selected are to be substituted for those so sold
or disposed of by the United States, and may
be disposed .of by the State in all respects as it
the substituted lands had been parcel ot the
original grant to the State. ,
The second section extends the time_ named
in the act granting lands to the Territory 01
Minnesota to aid in the construction of a cer-
tain railroad, "from St. Paul and from St- An-
thony, by the way of Minneapolis, to a conven-
ient point of junction west of the Mississippi
river to the. southern boundary of the Terri-
tory," approved March 3, 1857, tor the con-
struction and completion of the road (or seven
years. -
