1806.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2625
abroad, while ilie other was in the sex-vice of
the United Slates.
^ Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If, is the
fan I tot' the party if he went1' swelling'' through
Europe.
Mr. MYERS. I never talk of the gentleman's
swelling about when he takes his trips, but I
think lie is harsh in reference to these parties.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What are
these patents for?
Mr. MYERS. Mr. Mann's patent is for an
improvement in copying paper, and Mr. Sen-
uetf's for an improved heddle.
Mr. WASHB TONE, of Illinois. What is a
heddle?
Mr. MYERS. A heddle is a part of a loom
used in weaving, part of the harness.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I objeet
to this practice of reporting bills without re-
ports and asking them to be put at once on
their passage.
Mr. MYERS. I think the objection of the
gentleman from Illinois is captious. It does
not matter what the patent is for, as we do not
decide in reference to the extension of these
patents. That is a question for the decision of
the Commissioner of Patents. We have satis-
fied ourselves the statement is true that the
parties did not know their patents were so near
their expiration.
I will say that I was prepared this morning
to report a bill for the relief of William Mann.
The case of Senneff was added to the bill, and
very properly, because it had been recom-
mended %y the Committee on Patents, but I
was absent when it was passed upon. Both are
good cases and stand upon the same ground,
and it is right they should be embraced m the
same bill. I will yield to the chairman of the
Committee on Patents for a moment.
Mr. JENCKES. I wish to say a word about
the patent of Senneff. It is a case addressed
simply to the*discretion of Congress. He was
one of the persons who originated the Volun-
tecr Refreshment Saloons in Philadelphia, to
provide for soldiers passing to and fro through
that city during the war, and afterward he en- j
tered the United States hospital service and
was detained there during the time his applica-
tion should have been made. He lost his chance
of obtaining an extension of his patent because
of his benevolence and patriotism. All that
we propose is to give him a chance to make
his application. His invention is an improve-
ment in heddles, an ingenious arrangement for
dividing threads in the loom.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania did not say whether the patent had I
expired.
Mr. JENCKES. It expired in January,
1866.
Mr. DAWES. What is the condition of the
parties who have invested their capital in looms
since January ?
Mr. JENCKES. All who have purchased
since then are entitled to use them. It will
refer to those only after the extension, if a'ny
extension be granted, There is also a limita-
tion in the bill.
Mr. DAWES. If a reissue be granted does
it not date back?
Mr. JENCKES. No, sir. The reissue of
the patent will not give the patentee the au-
thority to recover a dollar from those who have
purchased since January. The committee were
■satisfied of that before they agreed to report
the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I under-
stand this is to cover a case outside of the law
which requires application to be made within
ninety days. The application has not been
made here, and these parties are only in the
same condition with a hundred others. The
parties have neglected to make application.
Mr. JENCKES. They did not neglect to do
so, and that is the reason why we have recom-
mended the passage of the bill. These are
exceptional cases.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is
not a sufficient excuse.
Mr. MYERS. My friend .from Illinois hav-
39th Costg. 1st Sess.—No. 165.
ing made his speech, I shall in a few moments
call the previous question.
What I desire to say to the House, and 1
hope it will be listened to. is this: this bill
authorizes the Commissioner to proceed to
grant a hearing, not a rehearing, of the appli-
cations in the cases of these two patents just
as though a notice of ninety days had been
given. The error in the one case was that the
party was in Europe, and there are still sixty
days of the time remaining. In the other case
the party was in the service of his country,
and we report that he was not aware of the
time when the letters patent expired.
Now, if this House votes against those two
propositions 'it will be equivalent to saying
that this soldier who has forfeited a few months'
time shall not have the benefit of even apply-
ing for an extension ; and in the other case
that a worthy citizen who has been abroad,
and who mistook the date of his letters patent
by a month, shall not have a right even to be
heard before the Commissioner of Patents.
This bill only proposes to give that right. It
trenches upon no rights of other parties. It
simply allows a hearing, and does not decide
the question of granting the extensions at all.
Mr. DAWES. I would ask the gentleman
if he is quite certain that if we authorize by
act of Congress a renewal to-day, as of Jan-
uary, of the other two patents which did expire
in January, we shall not trespass upon'the rights
of other people. I suggest to him whether, as
a safeguard, he had not better put a protective
clause in the bill, unless the patent law is clear
on that point.
Mr. MYERS. I have no objection to it. It
so happens that I was not present at the meet-
ing of the Committee on Patents when the
application of Mr. Senneff was before them.
Mr. JENCKES. There is no objection to it.
Mr. MYERS. To render assurance doubly
sure we will put that in.
Mr. JENCKES. In accordance with the
suggestion, I move to amend by inserting the
following:
But no person shall be hold liable for damages for
usina: or making said heddles after the exjunction
of the original term of said patent and betoro the
renewal of the same.
Mr. MYERS. I now demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered: and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment was agreed to, and
the bill ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time.
The question recurring on the passage of the
bill-
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
the yeas and nays on its passage.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was then passed—ayes S;i, noes 31.
Mr. MYERS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay that motion on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
THOMAS D. BTJRRALL.
Mr. BROMWELL, from the Committee on
Patents, reported a bill for the relief of Thomas
D. Burrall; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill was read in full. It authorizes the
Commissioner of Patents to grant an extension
for seven years to the petitioner for an im-
proved eorn-sheller, commencing with the
expiration of the original term, December 6,
1866.
Mr. BROMWELL. The report is not very
long, if the House desire to hear it read. I
can state the substance of it.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. Letthe report
be read.
The report was accordingly read.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. Will the gen-
tleman yield?
Mr. BROMWELL. For a moment.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. For a mo-
ment ! Mr. Speaker, I have heard for a good
many years of this invention. Will my col-
league inform me when it is claimed to have
been made?
Mr. BROMWELL. In 1845.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. Ttis therefore
twenty-one years of age. All this time it has
been dragging its slow length along for a for-
tune in Illinois. It is of full age. Now, sir,
while I do not wish to be discourteous Jo my
colleague, nor to oppose any interest of his
constituents, I do suggest to him with great
respect that there are other constituents besides
this inventor who are interested in this ques-
tion.
Now, it is stated, I believe, in the report
just read, that this claim or invention lias been
infringed upon by many machine makers in that
State. At least I infer that fact. I will state to
the House that there are very many machines
invented in Illinois for shelling corn, and I be-
lieve some few in other Slates in the West, and
the effect of this reissue will bo that in all cases
where these new inventions have infringed upon
this indorsed and confirmed right there is to be
a lawsuit or a settlement made by which a co£
sidcrable amount of money will be extracted
from those infringers. The interests of agri-
culture in the West are not so flourishing and
so prosperous that this Congress should step in
and take away the rights of the people for the
benefit of an individual. And now a gentle-
man has declared upon the subject of renew-
ing patents that he stands for justice; that ho
yields nothing to the presentation of the widow
ortho hospital cases that have just been passed.
Now here comes a suggestion that there is
some old man in this case. These things have
of course no weight with the House ; they are
not designed to have any; the gentleman stands
sternly upon the ground of justice and demands
of Congress that we shall recognize the rights
of men. That is what I will always do; I
never refuse to do it.
Now, I understand there is a contract be-
tween the Government and all men who will
make useful inventions, by which they shall
have the use and benefit of their inventions
for a limited period of years; no more, no loss.
When that period runs out, then the invention
belongs to the public; it becomes their prop-
erly. Now, who knows but what if this man
had not been fencing with this subject some
smarter man in my district would have made
a much better machine? It does not follow
that because there is money in this thing it
should be continued for that purpose. The
invention, if there is anything in it, belongs to
the public, and not to this individual.
A case has just been passed upon, where one
man was in a prosperous hospital business, and
another was abroad as a foreign minister or
something of that kind. Now here comes a
man who has' been receiving large rewards for
an invention during twenty-one years, and now
he wants to continue the same business. Now
I am opposed to it upon the general principle
that it is giving away the rights of the people
to an individual, and to the lawyers and others
who are to prosecute his rights against an
oppressed people for the purpose of obtaining
money without earning it, or being entitled to
it by strict law. These are my sentiments.
Mr. BROMWELL. I now call the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered, which was upon the
passage of the bill.
Mr. BromweXl was entitled to the floor.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. BROMWELL. Certainly.
Mr. DAWES. I do not intend to make an
indiscriminate warfare upon the renewal of
patents; but I desire to make a discrimina-
tion between them, and put each one upon its
merits. I understand this to be a bill to extend
by act of Congress a patent which has already
existed twenty^one years, not to refer it to the
Commissioner of Patents for examination.
Mr. BROMWELL. The gentleman is mis-
taken ; the bill provides that this patent shall ,
be extended, if the Commissioner of Patents
