1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
601;
which this bill does. The first section of this
bill attempts to repeal all the State laws and to
enact new laws for them, the enforcement of
which is put in new hands; and the fourth sec-
tion creates an army of informers and spies to
seek out those who offend against this law, and
to prosecute them at the expense of the United
Slates. The pretense for passing such a meas-
ure as this is found in the second section of the
constitutional amendment abolishing slavery,
and which declares that—
"Congress shall have power to enforce this article
by appropriate legislation."
Sir, the American people are the most law-
abiding people on the face of the earth. If
there was an attempt to enslave an African after
the passage of this constitutional amendment,
the writ of habeas corpus would relieve him,
and as soon as the courts had declared the law
on this subject there would be a general obedi-
ence to it. Those individual cases of outrage
and wrong that no Government can provide
against might occasionally occur and no doubt
would occur. Now, is it fair to these States
that we should take them up on suspicion and
put them under a military despotism in order to
enforce this law? According to my understand-
ing of the Constitution of the United States and
the sense of the people who adopted this con-
stitutional amendment, they never intended to
turn over the State governments and subject
them to the dominion of Congress.
Now, what is the result of this bill? It en-
forces through its own officers and through its
awn agents a prosecution of the citizens who
infract it, or commit what they suppose is an
infraction of it, in favor of the black popula-
tion, and in favor of the black population only ;
taking it for granted throughout that the wrong
is on the side of the white man alone; making
no provision for prosecuting a black man for
any crime that he may commit against a white
man. I say it never was the intention of the
Constitution that these States should be sub-
ject to Congress; that we should have one set
of officers prosecuting the white man, and the
officers of the State prosecuting the colored man
for offenses committed by him. Under the pre-
tense of giving effect to the freedom of the slave,
you have originated a system that is constantly
interfering with the laws of the States, and
constantly interfering with the citizens of the
States, bringing them before your tribunals
and questioning them whenever they attempt
to enforce a State law against a black man.
Sir, if I know myself, I am determined, in
carrying out the amendment to the Constitution,
to do as equal justice to the black man as to
the white man in all respects; but I am not
willing to believe, and I do not believe, that
there is any authority under it to overturn the
Stale governments, and permitting the Federal
Government to run into the States to make laws
ou this subject when it enters into the States
for nothing else. I tell you, gentlemen, it is
my firm conviction that it can lead to nothing
but strife and ill-feeling, which will grow and
continue to grow. Where it will end, God only
knows. The lime will not always be that the
citizens will bo content that the State govern-
ments should be interfered with, and that there
should be in each State two sets of police offi-
cers, one to punish those who commit what they
presume to be offenses against the Africans, and
another to punish the African for his crimes
under the State laws, and that punishment
should be made the pretense of prosecuting
the white man in your courts. The thing will
not work ; it ought not to work; and it never
should have been introduced here. It is not
necessary to secure the freedom of the African.
Slavery does not exist. The ordinary process
and proceeding of law is ample for his protec-
tion. But when you overturn the State gov-
ernments, interfere by your legislation with their
laws, supersede their courts, keep up a con-
stant contention between the individuals and
the tribunals, you are destroying the unity of
this Government, and the purposes lor which
the States were formed.
In this simple view of the subject, I consider
that there is no warrant in the Constitution for
such legislation as this, and it is impossible that
there should be, and besides, it will be the most
impolitic law that ever was passed. The gen-
tleman from Illinois says that this is simply
a bill providing that all persons shall have
their rights. I might return the compliment by
saying that it is simply a bill declaring that we
have established a military despotism and the
laws are to be enforced at the point of the bay-
onet. This bill and the one passed last week
invoke military power everywhere, and throw
the protection of the military over anything.
Gentlemen, is this a proper answer to this war,
to the gallantry of our officers and soldiers, and
to the hope of the American people that we
should have a restored Union? Is it a proper
answer to those who have lent you their money
and whom you yet owe, to sow this cause of dis-
sension between the States, this pestering in-
terference that will lead to dissension, and God
knows what else it will lead to ? I say that this
bill, as'well as the kindred measure passed last
week, should not be passed on account of econ-
omy. It should not be passed on account of
your creditors. How many creditors have you
now knocking at your doors for money and prop-
erty seized and put into your Treasury, whom you
cannot pay, whom you are afraid to make appro-
priations for ? And yet you are taking by these
bills more money from the Treasury than would
pay probably the principal of the debt due to
these men. Is it just to the creditors to whom
you owe this money that you should leave their
claims unsettled, and that you should attempt
to carry on this Government by such legislation
as this?
Gentlemen, I am not going to inflict a long
speech upon you. Kentucky has had her share
of talking here, and. sir, she has had her share
of suffering during this war. At one time she
was invaded by three armies of the rebellion ;
all but seven or eight counties of the State at
one time were occupied by its armies, and her
whole territory devastated bv guerrillas. We
have suffered in this war. We have borno it as
best we could. We feel it intensely that, now,
at the end of the war, we should bo subjected
to a military despotism, our houses liable to be
entered at any time when our families are at
rest, by military men who can arrest and send
to prison without warrant, and we are obliged
to go, and we are obliged to pay any fines they
may impose. I do not believe that you will
lose anything if you pause before passing such
legislation as this, and establishing these mili-
tary despotisms, for we do not know where they
are to end.
Gentlemen, I will not detain you any longer.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 do not agree with
some Senators that this is a more dangerous
bill to the country than the one that was passed
last week. If the amendment, which 1 have
proposed should be adopted and the last sec-
tion stricken fiom the bill, it will be a much
less dangerous bill, in my judgment, than the
Freedmen's Bureau bill,"for the reason that
that bill sends an army of irresponsible^officers
among the people to control their affairs, and
! from their actions and their decisions there is
no appeal to the courts ; but, this bill sends the
people with their causes into the courts of the
United States, and if a great wrong be done in
any of the inferior courts perhaps an appeal
will lie to a court where justice will be done. I
am not so much afraid of any law that sends
the people to the courts as I am of a law which
places them under the control and power of
j irresponsible officials.
| But the section which I propose to strike out
] is an unnecessary and very dangerous one, and
i I submit it to the judgment of the majority of
| this body whether it ought to be enacted into
| a law. This bill is a wasp : its sting is in its
i tail. Sir, what is the bill? It provides, in the
! first place, that the civil rights of all men, wiih-
j out regard to color, shall be equal; and. in the
i second place, that if any man shall violate that
i in iuciplo by his conduct, he shall bo responsi-
i hie u/thc court: that he may be prosecuted
| criminally and punished for the crime, or he
may be sued in a civil action and damages ,
recovered by the party wronged.' Is not that
broad enough? -Do Senators want to go further
than this? To recognize the civil rights of the
colored people as equal to the civil rights of
the white people, I understand to be as far as
Senators desire to go ; in the language of the
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Scmkea] to
place all men upon an equality before the law ;
and that is proposed in regard to their civil
rights.
Then, sir, we have the framework for the
execution of these two sections. I recollect,
that during the holidays it was heralded to the
country that a great achievement was to be ex-
pected from the Senator from Illinois ; that he
was going to introduce a bill as soon as Con-
gress reassembled recognizing the civil rights
of the colored people as equal to the civil rights
ofthe white people; thathewasgoingto so frame
his bill as that these rights should be positively
and certainly secure, and that to accomplish
this he had adopted the framework and the
fashion of the former fugitive slave law. That
was regarded as a great achievement, and much
credit was claimed for the Senator because when
lie came to prosecute and follow white men he
had adopted the language and the framework
of a law which was intended to recapture run-
away slaves—a law which in its framework and
details was denounced as most unjust and dan-
gerous. And yet it was regarded as a feat and
an accomplishment for the Senator from Illi-
nois to incorporate into this bill the language
of that law:
Why, sir, this bill provides that there shall be
commissioners, not ordinary commissioners that
the courts in the exercise of their judgement
and discretion shall appoint, but extraordinary
commissioners, and from its language it seems
to contemplate that there shall be a commis-
sioner in every county of the United States, and
these commissioners are authorized to appoint
as many agents or deputy marshals as they may
see fit to appoint, and these deputy marshals
may call upon the body of the people, for what
purpose ? To pursue a runaway white man. Oh,
I recollect how the blood of the people was
made to run cold within them when it was said
that the white man was required to run after
the fugitive slave ; that the law of 1850 made
you and me, my brother Senators, slave-catch-
ers ; that the posse comiiatus could be called to
execute a writ ofthe law for the recovery of a run-
away slave under the provisions of the Constitu-
tion ofthe United States ; and the whole country
was agitated because of'it. Now slaveiy is gone;
the negro is to be established upon a platform
of civil equality with the white man. That is
the pioposition. Bui we do not stop there;
we are to reenact a law that nearly all of you
said was wicked and wrong ; and for what pur-
pose ? Not to pursue the negro any longer; not
for the purpose of catching him ; not for the
purpose of catching the great criminals of the
land; but for the purpose of placing it in the
power of any deputy marshal in any county of
1 he country to call upon you and me, and all the
body of the people to pursue some white man
who is running for his liberty because some negro
has charged him with denying to him equal civil
rights with the white man. I thought, sir, that
that framework was enough; I thought, when
you placed under the command of the marshal
in every county of the land all the body of the
people, and put every one upon the track ofthe
fleeing white man, that that was enough ; but
it is not. For the purpose of the enforcement
of this law, the President is authorized to ap-
point somebody who is to have the command
of the military and naval foiccs of the United
States—for what purpose? To prevent a vio-
lation of this law, and to execute it. Let, me
read it, as I do not get the words exactly :
Sec. 10. And be it .further rjiactc/J, That it shall be
lawful for the President of the United States, 01 such
person as he may empower for that purpose, -to em-
ploy such part of the laud or naval forces of the United
Btatei, or o! the militia, a* shall be necessary to pre-
vent, the violation and enforce the due execution 01
this act.
What violation, sir? The denial of equality
