602
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
«/ '
to the colored people. Some man disputes the
proposition; some judge proposes in his adjudi-
cation not to recognize the civil equality of the
colored people. Now the military may be called
in to prevent the violation of this law. Before
there is a violation, before a crime is committed,
the military may be brought to bear upon any
person who is charged with a design to violate
the law.- Then if there shall be a violation, if
some judge of a court shall hold that the col-
ored man is not entitled to equal civil rights
with the white man, the military force may be
called in to execute this law. How and why?
Are we not in a time of peace? Where is so-
ciety now disturbed? Upon our honors we
must legislate fairly for the country. We have
no right, in the form of legislation, to go to
punishing men, and I cannot believe that Sen-
ators intend any such thing. If you create an
army of officers to execute this law, and if you
authorize the deputy marshals everywhere to
call upon the whole body of the people to exe-
cute it, why is it that the military shall be
brought in to execute this law of_all the laws
of the United States, the only law relating to
the civil affairs of the people? Is it right?
Are you willing to do it in reference to other
laws? Are you willing to say in your laws dc-'
elaring and protecting the civil rights of white
men that they shall be enforced at the point of
the bayonet? I know you would not. You
1 would say that the military must not be brought
in except where there is an insurrection, or
when there is such an interference with the
enforcement of the laws as justifies the inter-
position of the military power of the country.
In the State of Indiana we do not recognize
the civil equality of the races. I refer to Indi-
ana. as the Senator from Maryland [Mr. John-
son] referred to his State the other day, as a
mere mode of illustration. The policy of that
State was to prevent the further immigration of
colored people into the State after 1852, and as
a means of preventing that we denied to the
colored people who might come into the State
after that date the right to acquire real estate.
Suppose thatduringthe past thirteen years some
colored man has come into the State of Indiana
and" has purchased real estate. He brings his
action of ejectment after the passage of this
law to recover that land. Our supieme court
has decided that law of the State to be consti-
tutional. That decision of the supreme court
is the rule of decision for nil the inferior courts
of the State. The trial of' the ejectment comes
off before the circuit or common pleas court of
the State, and the judge instructs the jury that
under the law and constitution of the State of
Indiana this man could not acquire an interest
in real estate and that he cannot recover. Here
is a denial of a civil right, it is claimed ; but it
is a question of law; and you make that judge
not only responsible in the civil but in the
criminal courts oIHhc United States for his ad-
judication. You make him a criminal for fol-
lowing the authority of the supreme court of
the State. You make him a criminal because
he obeys the constitution of the State. You
make him a criminal because ho enforces the
law of the State as it is plainly written before
him. You are not content with capturing him,
but you call in the military power of the coun-
try and you stop his ponrt. You will not, allow
that case to go to judgment, but when it is an-
nounced to the jury that this is the rule that,
must govern them, I suppose the military must
be brought in to prevent a verdict and a final
judgment. That would be preventing a viola-
tion of the law. Is this law to make a good
title in Indiana? Is this law to hnvMhe force
of vesting in theeolored people who came into
that State since 1852 a good and sufficient title
to land when the constitution and the law of
the State denied that right? You are not con-
tent that this judge may be pursued by a host,
an army of marshals, and the body of the peo-
ple. but a military chieftain is to "be called in
that this may not go into the judgment of the
court.
I am giving an extreme ease, but it is a ease
that all Senators will admit might occur under
this law. A court may be stopped midway in
the investigation of a cause; and to prevent its
judgment, the military are authorized to inter-
fere. Do Senators desire that? I thought the
time for military government had passed. It
may not have passed here, but this military
control, I believe, is about passed. I believe,
taking the course pursued by the Administra-
tion in disbanding the armies, that it has sub-
stantially passed at the other end of the avenue,
and a desire for its continuance has passed
away from the hearts of the people. Two years
ago it was a very easy thing anywhere through-
out the North to maintain a military force and
to repress a public sentiment that was offen-
sive to the authorities in power. It is not so
now, sir; and I am very glad of it. I never
want to see a return to the time when a man's
house may be surrounded by armed men in the
night time, and he may be carried off to a dis-
tant portion of the State 
Mr. JOHNSON. And out of it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. And out of the State
and cast into a dungeon, and denied that trial
which the Constitution and laws of the country
have guarantied to him. I never want to see
the time return when a man in the middle of
the night shall hear the stealthy tread of the
spy at his door, in the forcible language of the
Senator fro m Pennsylvania, [Mr. Co wax,] when
he shall hear the breathing of the spy at his
keyhole; when he shall hear the jingling of
false keys at his girdle. If men are guilty of
crimes, let. them be brought before the courts.
Do not yon Senators want it to be so? Are
there any Senators here that want this to be a
country governed by military power7 Now. in
a time of peace, when the .southern armies are
abandoned, when the States are rapping at
your door for admission, when they wish to be
heard when we legislate in regard to them; at
this time of profound peace in the country,
when there is a more perfect subjugation to
law, if I may use that expression, than at any
period heretofore, we propose that a law for
the benefit of the colored people shall be exe-
cuted at the point of the bayonet.
It seems to me that 1 need add nothing fur-
ther. 1 repeat that it is enough that you clothe
the marshals under this bill with all the powers
that were given to the marshals under the fugi-
tive slave law. That was regarded as too rig-
orous a law, as too arbitrary in its provisions,
and you repealed it. You repealed it before the
constitutional amendment was adopted. You
said it should not stand upon the statute-book
any longer, that no man, white or black, should
be pursued under the provisions of that law.
Now, you reenact it, and you claim it as a
merit and as an ornament to the legislation of
the country; and you add an army of officers
and clothe them with the power to call upon
anybody and everybody to pursue the running
white man. That is not enough, but you must
have the military to be called in, at the pleas-
ure of whom? Such a person as the President
may authorize to call out the military forces.
Where it "Shall be, and to whom this power shall
be given, we do not know.
Mr. President, [ do not intend to discuss the
bill. I hope it will not pass; I think it will do
no good ; but if it must pass, let us not unite
the sword with the court.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Mr. President, I
shall detain the Senate but a very few moments
at this stage of the proceedings, for I am as
anxious to have a vote as any one; but it is per-
haps necessary for me to say a few words in
explanation of the reasons for the vote I shall
give.
My distinguished colleague, if I understand
him aright, places his objection to this bill, first,
upon the ground that we have pressed into the
service the machinery of the fugitive slave law;
and secondly, that we authorize this bill to be
enforced by the military authority of the United (
States. It is true that many of the provisions j
of this bill, changed in their purpose and ob-
ject, are almost identical with the provisions [
ofthafugitive slave law, and they are denounced j
by my colleague in their present application; I
but I have notheard any denunciation from my
colleague, or from any of those associated with
him, of the provisions of that fugitive slave law
which was enacted in the interest of slavery,
and for purposes of oppression, and which was '
an unworthy, cowardly, disgraceful concession
to southern opinion by northern politicians. I
have suffered no suitable opportunity to escape
me to denounce the monstrous character of that
fugitive slave act of 1850. All these provisions
were odious and disgraceful in my opinion, when
applied in the interest of slavery, when the.
object was to strike down the rights of man.
But here the purpose is changed. These pro-
visions are in the interest of freemen and of
freedom, and what was odious in the one case
becomes highly meritorious in the other. It
is an instance of poetic justice and of apt retri-
bution that God has caused the wrath of man
to praise Him. I stand by every provision of
this bill, drawn as it is from that most iniqui-
tous fountain, the fugitive slave law of 1850.
What possible wrong can be inflicted upon
any one by the provisions of this bill? These
men are free by a threefold title. They have
a threefold claim to their freedom. They are
free, first, by the proclamation of the President
of the United States. Many of'them are free,
from having fought during the late rebellion in
the Army of the United States, and by the laws
of all nations, Christian and savage, and by the
usage of all nations, the moment you make them
soldiers in your Army you manumit and declare
them free. They are free by the constitutional
amendment lately enacted, and entitled to all
the privileges and immunities of other free citi-
zens of the United States. It is made your es-
pecial duty by the second section of that amend-
ment,, by appropriate legislation, to carry out
that emancipation. If that second section wore
not embraced in the amendment at all your duty
would be as strong, the duty would be para-
mount, to protect them in all rights as free and
manumitted people. I do not consider that the
second section of that amendment does any- ■
thing but declare what is the duty of Congress,
after having passed such an amendment to the
Constitution of the United States, to secure
them in all their rights and privileges. My dis-
tinguished colleague seems to take exception
to the term '' equality before the law."
/'What are the objects sought to be accom-
plished by this bill? That these freedmen shall
lie secured in the possession of all the rights,
privileges, and immunities of freemen ;,4n other
words, that wo shall give effect to the proclama-
tion of emancipation and to the constitutional
amendment. How else, 1 ask you, can we give
them effect, than by doing away with the slave
codes of the respective States where slavery was
lately tolerated ? One of the distinguished Sen-
ators from Kentucky [Mr. Oi'thrie] says that
all these slave laws have fallen with the eman-
cipation of the slave. That, 1 doubt not, is true,
and by a court honestly constituted of able and
upright lawyers, that exposition! of the consti-
tutional amendment would obtain.
But why do we legislate upon this subject
now? Simplybecause we fear and have reason
to fear that the emancipated slaves would not
have their rights in the courts of the slave
States. The State courts already have juris-
diction of every single question that we propose
to give to the courts of the United States. Why
then the necessity of passing the law? Simply
because we fear the execution of these laws if
left to the State courts. That is the necessity
for this provision.
Then my colleague asks, why do yon invoke
the power of the military to enforce these laws?
And he says that constables and sheriff's and
marshals when they have process to serve have
a right to call upon the posse comitatus, the
body of the whole people, to enforce their writs.
Here is a justice of the peace in South Caro-
lina or Georgia, or a county court, or a circuit
court, that is called upon to execute this law.
They appoint their own marshal, their deputy
marshal, or their constable, and he calls upon
the posse comitaivs. Neither the judge, nor
the jury, nor the officer aswe believe is willing
