2626
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
upon a full hearing shall deem it proper to
do so.
Mr. DAWES. Then in that respect I was
misinformed; the bill is better in that regard
than I had supposed. If the bill is passed, the
case ought to be referred to the Commissioner
of Patents.
But I wish to call the attention of the House
to the reasons upon which this bill is based.
As I understand, the reason is given that this
is an old man who has not yet received any
fair remuneration for his invention. Now, is
there any reason shown why he has not yet
received a fair remuneration? Has the com-
mittee given any good reasons for it?
A few days since the committee reported a
bill proposing to refer to the Commissioner of
Patents to decide whether a patent should be
renewed which had been in existence for twenty-
one years. The ground upon which that bill
was based was that during nearly all the last
seven years of the patent, the patentee, from
the character of his patent, had been deprived
from receiving any benefit from it. His patent
w!as one in relation to the production or prep-
aration of cotton; and during the whole of the
late war ho was shut out from any use of it
whatever, and had therefore made nothing from
it. But the House on a full hearing of that
case said by positive vote that that was no rea-
son why the case should be referred to the Com-
missioner of Patents, and they refused to give
the patentee an opportunity for a rehearing.
1 thought that was wrong; I thought it was
hard. I asked the House to refer that ease to
the Commissioner of Patents; but the House
concluded otherwise.
Now, I do not see any better reason, I do
not see any good reason for referring this case
to the Commissioner of Patents. If my friend
from Illinois [Mr. Bkomwell] will show me
as good a reason in this case as I thought
existed in the other ease I would vote for it;
for I do not stand up here to oppose all these
cases indiscriminately. But I desire to see a
good re a®-; on for extending any further a patent
which has already existed twenty-one years.
I will listen to the gentleman from Illinois,
and see if he can show any good reason why
this bill should pass.
Mr. BROAIWELL. I wish merely to say a
few words in answer to my colleague from
Illinois [Mr. Hardixg] and to the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Air. Dawes.]
In the first place, as to the cotton press men-
tioned by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
I think it is safe to say that the House never
did hear that question discussed, because there
was so much noise in the House while the gen-
tleman who reported the bill was trying to show
the reason for the extension of that patent. I
admit that there was more reason for the exten-
sion in that case than in this.
But with all due deference to my colleague's
views touching the right of the public in these
inventions, allow me to say that in all these
cases some principle of equity must be, and
doubtless will be, recognized by this Congress.
Many of these inventors devote the best years
of their lives to a struggle to perfect their inven-
tions ; and it is these inventions and improve-
ments that have transformed this country from
a wilderness into what it is. Many of the men
who have brought forward the most valuable
of these inventions have led lives of poverty
and vexation and have died poor.
The period of fourteen years has been named
in the law as being, in general, and all things
considered, a proper time during which the
inventor shall enjoy the exclusive benefits of his
invention. But is this period never to be varied
by any considerations of equity? What do these
bill- which have been brought forward propose ?
They propose that the officer whom the law has
appointed to consider questions of this nature,
a competent man with legal knowledge, shall,
by means of a bill of this kind, have jurisdic-
tion to hear and determine the question between
the inventor and the public at larjre upon prin-
ciples of common equity. Shall this b,e denied?
If the Commissionex' is not a maij of sufficient
knowledge and judgment to hear such cases
properly, then authorize the appointment of a
chancellor for that office and let him hear such
cases ; for these questions resting on equitable
considerations continually arise.
Now, sir, the committee did not report any
of these bills until they had been satisfied that
the eases were such as to call for such inter-
position. The case at present before the House
is that of a man exceedingly old and exceed-
ingly poor. His means, whatever they may
have been, are completely exhausted. He has a
son who has attempted to carry on the manufac-
ture of these corn-sliellers forthe benefit of the
old man. This is the only resource left forthe
support of that old man, after a life-time
expended in efforts to perfect inventions, some
of which have been valuable, but the term of
which has expired, so that the public has now
the benefit of them all.
This bill expressly protects the rights of
every person who may, sincd the expiration of
the patent, have been possessed of one of these
machines. The bill can hurt no one. It is
not necessary that the "watch-dog of the
Treasury" should fight these bills. They seek
to take nothing from the Treasury. The ques-
tion simply is whether this Congress is willing
that the officer appointed by the law to hear
such matters shall be endowed with jurisdiction
to do justice in certain cases in which the law,
by reason of its generality, operates harshly.
I am not prepared to say that this case pre-
sents stronger claims than any other. On the
contrary, I think that there have been before
the House cases equally entitled to favorable
consideration, and I have no doubt that such
cases will come before us again. I know,
indeed, that some such cases will be reported
soon. But I think that in this case there are
sufficient reasons to induce us to allow the
Commissioner of Patents to hear the applica-
tion and decide it as he deems right in view of
the rights of the public and the inventor.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. BROAIWELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MAIL SERVICE.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Postmaster General, transmitting, in compli-
ance with the act of Congress of July 2, 1836,
abstracts of offers received, contracts made,
and allowances made to contractors for addi-
tional services, &c.; which was laid on the
table.
The SPEAKER. By the law of 1864, this
document is not to be printed except by special
order of the House.
TAX BILL.
Mr. MOPtRILL moved that the rules bo sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Air.
Dawes in the chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of the special order, being a bill of the
House (No. 513) to amend an act entitled
"An act to provide internal revenue to sup-
port the Government, to pay interest on the
public debt, and for other purposes," approved
June 30, 1804, and acts amendatory thereof.
The pending section was as follows:
That section seventy-four be amended by striking
out all after the enacting clause, and inserting, in
lieu thereof, the following: that the receipt for the
payment of any special tax shall contain .anil set
forth tho purpose, trade, business, or profession for
which such tax is paid, and the name and place of
abode of the person or persons paying the same; if
by a rectifier, the quantity of spirits intended to be
rectified; if by a peddler, whether for traveling on
foot, or with one or two or more horses or mules, the
tjiaj/or wliieh and the dat<3 or time of payment, and
(except in the case of auctioneers, produce brokers,
commercial brokers, patent-right dealers, photog-
raphers, builders, insurance agents, insurance brok-
ers, and peddlers) the place at which tho trade,
business, or profession for which the tax is paid shall
be carried on: Provided, That the payment of the
special tax imposed shall not exonerate from tax-
ation the person or persons, (except lawyers, phy-
sicians, surgeons, dentists, cattle brokers, horse deal-
ers, peddlers, produce brokers, commercial brokers,
patent-right dealers, photographers, builders, insur-
ance agents, insurance brokers, and a-uctioneers,) or
firm, company, or corporation in any other place
than that stated; but nothing herein contained shall
prohibit the storage of goods, wares, or merchandise
in other places than the place of business, nor the
sale by manufacturers or producers of their own
goods, wares, and merchandise, at the place of pro-
duction or manufacture, and at their principal office
or place of business, provided no goods, wares or
merchandise shall be kept for sale at said office. And
every person exercising or carrying on any trade,
business, or profession, or doing any act for which a
special tax is imposed, shall, on demand of any offi-
cer of internal revenue, produce and exhibit the
receipt for payment of the tax, and unless he shall
do so may be taken and deemed not to have paid
such tax. And in case any peddler shall refuse to
exhibit his or her receipt, as aforesaid, when de-
manded by any officer of internal revenue, said
officer may seize the horse, wagon, and contents, or
pack, bundle, or basket of any person so refusing,
and the assessor of the district in which the seizure
lias occurred may, on ten days' notice, published in
any newspaper in the district, or served personally
on thepeddler,or at his dwelling-house, require sucli
peddler to show cause, if any he has, why the horses,
wagon, and contents, pack, bundle, or basket so
seized shall not be forfeited; and in case nosufficient
cause is shown, the assessor may direct a forfeiture,
and issue an order to the collector or to any deputy
collector of the district for the salcof the property so
forfeited; and one half of the same, after payment of
the expenses of the proceedings, shall be paid to the
officer making the seizure, and the other half thereof
to the collector for the use of the United States. And
all spccial taxes imposed after the 1st day of May in
any yearshall bo paidfor and until the 1st day of Slay
next succeeding, and shall be tho ratable proportion
of the whole amount of tax imposed for one year, and
estimated from the first day of the month in which
such tax is imposed.
Air. DELANO. I move to amend as follows:
In line eight hundred and fifty-six strike out the
words "one half of/' and in lines eigbt hundred and
fifty-eight and eight hundred and fifty-nine strike
out the words "to the officer making the seizure, and
the other half thereof."
Air. Chairman, as the section now stands
the peddler making a forfeiture of his " traps''
is liable to be condemned by the action of the
assessor, and one half of the forfeiture is to go
to the assessor. I propose the amendment for
the purpose of striking at the whole system of
bounties to informers who are themselves the
assessors. I will read the general provision
on page 130, which does not cover this case :
And provided further, Thatno collector, deputy col-
lector, assessor, assistant assessor, revenue agent, rev-
enue inspector, or other officer or person connected
with thoTreasury Department, or any of the branches
thereof, shall be entitled to or receive or shall be inter-
ested in any share allowed to an informer under the
internal revenue law.
I respectfully suggest to my distinguished
friend, the chairman, that does not include this
case; and to make the bill homogeneous tho
amendment should bo adopted.
Air. AlOBRILL. I had intended to make
the amendment myself.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the next paragraph, as fol-
lows:
That section seventy-five be amended by striking
out all after the enacting clause and inserting, in lieu
thereof, tho following: that upon the death of any
person having paid the special tax for any trade, bus-
iness, or profession, it may and shall ho lawful for
the executors or administrators, or the wife or child,
or the assignee or assigns of such deceased person to
occupy the house or premises, and in like manner to
exercise or carry on, for the residue of the term for
which the tax shall have been paid, the same trado,
business, or profession, in or upon the same house or
premises as the deceased before exercised or carried
on, without payment of any additional tax. And in
case of the removal of any person or persons fiom
the house or premises for which any trade, business,
or profession was taxed, itshall be lawful for the per-
son or persons so removing to any other place tocarry
<^n the trade, business, or profession specified in tho
tax receipt at the place to which such person or per-
sons may remove without payment of any additional
tax: Provided, That all eases of death, change, or
removal, as aforesaid, shall be registered with tho
assistant assessor, together with the name or names
of the person or persons making such change or re-
moval, or successor to any person deceased, under
regulations to be prescribed by tho Commissioner of
Internal -Revenue.
Mr. MORRILL., I move, in line eight hun-
