S586
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
Pacific Railroad Company of California by the sec-
ond section of the act of which this act is explana-
tory.
I desire to say in relation to this amendment
• that it is foarecl by some of those who are in-
terested in the construction of the California
road that the terms of the bill would interfere
with the right of that company to receive bonds
on the portion of the line which they might
construct east of the line of California. In
order to avoid any possible construction which
would lead to that result., I offer this amend-
ment by way of protecting the interests of the
California company. I ask the previous ques-
tion on the amendment.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LOAN. I ask the gentleman from Iowa
to allow me to offer an amendment.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will hear the
amendment read.
The Clerk read Mr. Loan's amendment, as
follows:
Add the following:
And provided further, That the Union Pacific rail-
road-shall cross the one hundredth meridian of west
longitude between the north bank of the Platte river
and the >:outh bank of the Republican river, in Ne-
braska Territory.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I do not know
that I have any objection to that. If I under-
stand the amendment, it is merely to prevent
the Union Pacific Railroad Companj-from run-
ning their line either north' of the Platte river
or south of the Republican fork. - That I un-
derstand to be the law now. They are con-
fined within those limits for the construction of
their road. I know that they are constructing
it upon that line. A great deal of the" road,
some one hundred and twenty or one hundred
and thirty miles, has already been constructed,
and considerable gradinghas been done on the
remainder of the line east of the one hun-
dredth meridian of longitude. Now. as I do
not see that the amendment of the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Lo.vx] changes either the
intentions of the company or the provisions
of the law', I have no objection to it.
Mr. STEVENS. I cannot conceive the ne-
cessity for the amendment which the gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. Lo.or] has offered.
Mr. LOAN. If the gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Wilson] will yield to me a moment I
will explain why I offer this amendment.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will yield.
Mr. LOAN. By the bill of which this is
explanatory it. is provided, in the second sec-
tion, that the Omaha branch of the Union Pa-
cific railroad may run its road to any point that
it sees proper, without regard to the initial
point fixed by the act of July 1, 18<32. That
gives it the whole range of the territory as far
north as it pleases. Now, if that road is to
have the benefits conferred upon the Union
Pacific railroad, I think it ought to be confined
within the limits prescribed by the charter.
Now that this change has been made, I think
it is necessary to have this amendment to con-
fine them within proper limits.
_ Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I now call the pre-
vious question upon jthe pending amendment.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the amendment was agreed to.
The question was upon ordering the bill, as
amended, to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The amendments
which have been proposed and adopted do not
in any manner interfere with the proposition
which I submitted to the House when the bill
passed of which this is explanatory. And I
have endeavored to preserve in this bill the
understanding had between the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevexs] and the House on
that, day, in relation to the subjects embraced
in the amendment which I desired to offer at
that time, but was prevented from offering by
the previous question being called by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevexs,]
except in the first part of this.bill.
The bill now reads, " that nothing contained
in the act described in the title to this act shall
be so construed as to enlarge the grant of land
made to the Union Pacific Railroad Company,
eastern division, by the act of July 1, 1862,
and the act of July 2, 1864." While that is a
change from the phraseology of the amendment
which I desired to propose the other day, yet
it is not a departure from the statement made
to the House by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Stevens] and others who advo-
cated the passage of that bill. It was asserted
that that bill was not intended to enlarge
the land grant made to the Union Pacific
Railroad Company, eastern division. I have
here the Daily Globe which contains the de-
bate of that day upon that bill. I find that the
gentleman from California [Mr. Higby] put
the following question to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevexs:]
"I would ask the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevexs] if the first section of this bill contem-
plates anything more than an extension of the time
within which the maps of these roads are to be filed.
" Mr. Stevexs. That is everything it does."
Now, sir, upon that statement being'made
to the House, as well as other statements to
which I might refer, I concluded that the friends
of the measure really meant what they said on
that occasion they did mean; that the terms
of that bill should not enlarge the land grant
made to the Union Pacific railroad, eastern
division. Therefore, when I put into this biil
the language which I have read, that that act
should not be so construed as to enlarge the
land grant, to that company, I supposed, as I
yet suppose, that I was putting in it precisely
what they designed should be in it.
As to the other provisions of this bill, they
are just what my amendment prQposed. The
bill provides that nothing in the act which we
have passed shall be so construed as to entitle
the Union Pacific Railroad Company, eastern
division, "to receivebonds of the United States
on a greater number of miles than are embraced
in the line of the road of said company be-
tween the Missouririverandtheone hundredth
meridian of west longitude as said line is indi-
cated by the map heretofore filed by said com-
pany in the Interior Department." That is
the precise provision that was embodied in the
amendment which I desired to offer on that
occasion to the bill which passed.
The next provision of this bill is, that noth-
ing in that-act contained shall be so construed
as "in any manner to interfere with the right
of the Union Pacific Railroad Company to re-
ceive the bonds of the United States provided
for'in the said acts of July 1, 1862, and July 2,
1861, to aid in the construction of the road and
telegraph line of said last-mentioned company,
on its entire lino from Omaha to the point
where it may meet and join the road of the
Central Pacific Railroad Company of Cali-
fornia."
That, sir, is the precise provision which my
amendment contained, and therefore there is
no departure whatever from the understanding
had with the House on that occasion. And in
order that it may appear that I am not mistaken
about this matter, I will read to the House the
amendment which I proposed on that day. It
is as follows:
And provided further, That no mineral lands shall
be included in the irrant hereby made, but the same
shall be reserved to the United Statfs ; that nothing
in this act contained shall be so construed as to affect
the right of the Union Pacific Railroad Company to
reeeivc tho bonds provided for in the act of J"uly 1,
1862, and of July 2,1864, to aid in the construction of
the Union Pacific road on its entire line from Omaha
to the point of its connection with the road of the
Central Pacific railroad of California, and that bonds
shall not be issued to the Union Pacifie Railway Com-
pany, eastern division, on a greater number of miles
than are embraced in the line of said road between
the Missouri river and tho one hundredth meridian,
as indicated in the map heretofore filed by said com-
pany in the Interior Department.
Thus it will be seen that this bill, cxcept in
the first clause, corresponds precisely with that
which it was agreed by the friends of the bit!
passed the other day should pass this House,
if that bill were passed without any amend-
ment, thereby preventing its being sent back ,
to" the Senate, occasioning delay, and perhaps
the defeat of the measure. There can be no
doubt, sir, as to the understanding which the
House had on that occasion. -I notice that in
two or three places in the debate of that day it
was stated directly that this measure should
pass and receive the support of the friends of
that bill. I submitted three propositions, one
of which I asked might be accepted 
Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman yield
to me a moment?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Yes, sir.
Mr. BINGHAM. I beg leave, as one of the
supporters of that bill, to say to the gentleman
that I never gave my assent, either expressly or
impliedly, to the idea which the gentleman sug-
gests here this morning, that this House should
attempt, by any sort of amendment to the bill
which we passed a few days ago, to put a legal
construction upon the acts of 1862 and 1864.
And I ask the gentleman to"begood enough to
say now, as he has the floor, what objection
there is to striking out from the ninth line,
inclusive, down to and including the word
"department," in the thirteenth line, and
inserting in lieu thereof these words: .
To a greater amount than sSid company would
have b een entitled to if the ae t of which this is explan-
atory had not been passed.
The words which I propose to strike out are
these:
On a greater number of miles than are embraced
in the line of the road of said company between the
Missouri river and the one hundredth meridian of
west longitude as said line is indicated by the map
heretofore filed by said company in the Interior
Department.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will state to the
gentleman the reasons why I am unwilling that.
the bill shall be amended in that way.
Mr. BINGHAM. I would like to hear the
reasons.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. In the first place,
I felt bound to prepare this bill in accordance
with what I understood to be the agreement
on that day.
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman allow
me one word ?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Certainly.
Mr. STEVENS. There was no agreement.
I proffered a proposition to the gentleman, and
said that if he would withdraw his opposition
I would do a certain thing. He refused to
accept the proposition; he made an earnest
fight against the bill. He never accepted the
proposition; and does he hold that we are
bound by it now?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will read to the
House what the gentleman from Pennsylvania
said on that occasion. I submitted, as I have
stated, throe propositions. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania then said:
"I will make a proposition, and X hope the gentle-
man will agree to it. I remember to nave read of
the Trojan horse, and I do not eare to be caught by
any such contrivance at this time. I propose that
the gentleman shall draw up an explanatory act in
the very language that he has suggested here, and
that when wo have passed this bill lie shall forthwith
intioduce tlfcvt act explaining what this bill means,
and I for one will vote for it."
That is what the gentleman said.
Mr1. STEVENS. I ask the gentleman now
whether he did not repudiate that proposition.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Wliy, Mr. Speaker,
I could not prepare a bill at that time ; it re-
quired some thought. I have given to the
House the gentleman's own language. I do
not hold him responsible for anything else
than just what he said on that occasion.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not hold myself
responsible for that, because* you did not ac-
cept it.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. There was no
understanding that we should withhold our
opposition. What was desired was that that
bill should go through without amendment, in
order that it might not run the hazard of delay
or defeat in the Senate by being sent back
there. It was not insisted that we should vote
for that bill. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania gave nte no opportunity to have a vote
on that amendment. He demanded the pre-
vious question and cut off that opportunity.
