1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to execute the law. He may call upon the peo-
ple, the body of the whole people, a body of
rebels steeped in treason and rebellion to their
lips, and they are to execute it; and the gen-
tleman seems wonderfully astonished that we
should call upon the military power. We should
not legislate at all if we believed the State courts
could or would honestly carry out the provis-
ions of the constitutional amendment; but be-
cause we believe they will not do that, wo give
the Federal officers jurisdiction. Because we
believe they will not do it, because we believe
their people will not carry it out, we authorize
the President of the United States to do what
he would have a perfect right to do without the
enactment of such a law under peculiar circum-
stances. Where organized resistance to the
legal authority assumes that shape that the of-
liceis cannot execute a writ, they have a right
through the Governor of the State to call upon
the President to see that that law, as well as
every other law, is faithfully executed. We pro-
pose by law to say that the military may be
called in for the execution of this law.
But to return to the fugitive slave law; how
long is it since in Boston, the proud metropo-
lis of New England, the military were called
in to execute the fugitive slave law and to sup-
press a riot growing out of the attempt to en-
force it ?
I think, then, that the provisions of this-bill
are admirably calculated to secure to these col-
ored persons their rights under the constitu-
tional amendment, and I think the provision
contained in the last section of the bill more
important than any other, and that is, that the
President shall have a right with the strong
arm of military authority to see that this law is
carried out; and 1 say without that provision
this act would be a mockery and a farce. It
will not be worth the paper upon which it will
be engrossed unless you make it a law in deed
and in fact, and authorize the judicial officers
appointed under it to call upon and to com-
mand the military power of the country for the
purpose of carrying it out.
But what harm is to result from it? Who is
to be oppressed ? What white man fleeing, in
the language of my colleague, pursued by these
harpies of the law, is in danger of having his
rights stricken down? What does the bill pro-
vide? It places all men upon an equality, and
unless the white man violates the law he is in
no danger. It, takes no right from any white j
man. ' It simply places others on the same
platform upon which he stands, and if he would
invoke the power of local prejudice to override
the laws of the country, this is no Government,
unless the military may be called in to enforce
the order of the civil courts and obedience to
the laws of the country. /
ill-. WILSON. Jlr. President, the hour fixed
for taking the vote has arrived, but I desire to
occupy the time ol the Senate for a few mo-
ments to notice a remark that fell from the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, [Mr. Guthrie.] The Sen-
ator tells us that the emancipated men ought
to have their civil rights, that the black codes
fell with slavery; but the Senator forgets that
at least six of the reorganized States in their
new Legislatures have passed laws wholly in-
compatible with the freedom ofthese freedmen ;
and so atrocious are the provisions of these
laws, and so persistently are they carried into
effect by the local authorities, that General
Thomas in Mississippi, General Sjwayne in Al-
abama, General Sickles in South Carolina, and
General Terry in Virginia have issued positive
orders forbidding the execution of the black
laws that have just been passed. General
Sickles has just issued an order in South Car-
olina of twenty-three sections, more lull, per-
fect. and complete in their provisions than have
ever been issued by any official in the country, J
for the security of the rights of the freedmen.
On the 12th day of January last, General Grant,
unquestionably with the approbation of the
President of the United States, issued 1his or-
der to all the commanders of our armies in the
rebel States 
Mr. SAULSBURY. Will my friend from
Massachusetts allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Will the Senator state
what he considers the authority of General Terry
to make such an order within the State of Vir-
ginia ? Where does he get the authority to make
such an order as that?
Mr. WILSON. General Terry is in com-
mand of the department of Virginia, and Vir-
ginia is under martial law, and General Terry,
as commander in that State, seeing that the va-
grant laws of that State were used to make slaves
of men whom we have made free, issued a posi-
tive order forbidding the execution of the va-
grant laws on that population. I thank General
Terry for that order. In North Carolina two
men were sold into slavery for years under the
vagrant laws, and a military commander in that
State interposed, forbade the execution of the
sentence, and secured their liberty.
General Grant on the 12th day of January
issued this order, doubtless with the approval
of the President of the United States and the
Secretary of War, as it certainly has the approval
of the people of the whole country:
" Military division and department commanders,
whose commands embrace or are composed ot any of
the late rebellious States, and who have not already
done so, will at once issue and enforce orders protect-
ing colored persons from prosecution in any of said
States charged with offenses for which white persons
are not punished in the same manner and degree."
So unjust, so wicked, so incompatible are
these new black laws of the rebel States, made
in defiance of the expressed will of the nation,
that Lieutenant General Grant has been foiced
to issue that order which sets aside the black
laws of all these rebellious States against the
freedmen, and allows no law to be enforced
against them that is not enforced equally against
white men. I thank, and I am sure the Senate
and the country will thank, the illustrious com-
mander of our armies for commanding the offi-
cers of military divisions and departments to
issue at once and enforce orders protecting
colored persons from prosecution under these*
inhuman and unchristian enactments. This
order issued by General Grant will be re-
ported, obeyed, and enforced in the rebel States
with the military power of the nation. South-
em legislators and people must learn, if they
are compelled to learn by the bayonets of the
Army of the United States, that the civil rights
of the freedmen must be and shall bo respected ;
that these freedmen are as free as their late
masters; that they shall live under the same
laws, be tried for their violation in the same
manner, and if found guilty punished in the
same manner and degree.
This measure i -. called for because these re-
constructed Legislatures, iiidelianccoftherights
of the freedmen and the will of the nation em-
bodied in the amendment to the Constitution,
have enacted laws nearly as iniquitous as the
old slave codcs that darkened the legislation of
other days. The needs of more than four mil-
lion colored men imperatively call for its enact-
ment. The Constitution authorizes and the.
national will demands it. By a series of legis-
lative acts, by executive proclamations, by
military orders, and by the adoption of the
amendment to the Constitution by the people
of the United States, the gigantic ^system of
human slavery that darkened the land, con-
trolled the policy and swayed the destinies ot the
Republic, has forever perished. Step by step
we have marchcd right on l'roin one victory to
another with the music of broken fetters ring-
ing in our ears. None of the series of act' in
this beneficent legislation of Congress, none of
the proclamations of the Executive, none of
these military orders protecting rights secured
by law -aill ever be rc\ oked or amended by the
voice of the American people. There is now
" Xo slave beneath that starry flag,
The emblem oi'thc free."
By the will of the nation freedom and free
institutions for all. chains and fetters for none,
are forexer incoi poiated in the fundamental
law of regenerated and united America. Slave
codes and auction blocks, chains and fetters
and bloodhounds are things of the past, and
the chattel stands forth a man with the rights
and the powers of tho freemen.- For the better
security of these new-born civil rights we are
now about to pass the greatest and the grandest
act in this series of acts that have emancipated
a race and disenthralled a nation. It will pass,
it will go upon the statute-book of the Republic
by the voice of the American people, and there
it will remain. From the verdict of Congress
in favor of this great measure no appeal will
ever be entertained by the people of the United
States.
Mr. COWAN. I had not intended, sir, to
say a wordfurtlier in this discussion, and I only
rise now to enter my solemn protest against and
my solemn dissent from the doctrines advanced
by the honorable Senator from Indiana; and I
do so rather from the very high regard I have
for him as a man, and the high respect I have
for him as a lawyer and a jurist. Had what he
said fallen from most other men, I should have
contented myself by keeping my seat; but that
doctrine coming from him, I feel called upon,
and I cannotresist the call, to enter my protest
and my dissent.
Sir, I will never agree that the military power,
of this country shall be substituted for the writ,
of error or the certiorari. To do so is to sub-
stitute a military despotism instead of a civil
Government. What is the proposition as under-
stood by both the honorable Senators from In-
diana, who have commingled in this debate?
There is no doubt, and there can be no dispute
about it. It is simply this: by the amendment
to the Constitution it is said that the slave codes
of the several States have been abolished.
Grant it. Nobody ever disputed or denied it,
because when there ceases to be slaves there
ceases to be a slave .code; when the subject-
matter is destroyed ujjon which the law was to
operate, the law itself ceases to be.
But this is not a bill simply for the abolition
of slave codcs. This is a bill for the abolition
of all laws in the States which create distinctions
between black men and white ones. This is a
bill which reapeals 
Mr. STEWART. Allow me to ask 
Mr. COWAN. No, sir; in a moment you
will have an opportunity to reply, and I do not
wish to be cross-examined or harassed during
the progress of what little I have to say.
This is a proposition to repeal by act of Con-
gress all State laws, all State legislation, which
in any way create distinctions between black
men and white men in so far as their civil rights
and immunities extend. It is not to repeal legis-
lation in regard to slaves. When there was no
such thing as a slave in the land, of course all
laws relatingto slaves fell with it. I hold—edu-
cated in the school in which I have been edu-
cated, and it was not that ofthe strictest construc-
tionists, nor was it in that latitudinarian school
which can extract anything from the terms and
provisions of the Constitution, but it was in the
fair construction school—that no power has ever
been delegated to this Government to repeal
State legislation, which legislation was confined
to the relation ofthe citizens of the State making
the legislation among themselves. I have never
known that anybody pretended that itpossessed
sueli power. "This'bill pretends to repeal those
laws, to set them at naught; and it pretends
moreover to go further, and to make the State
ofticers who attempt to execute those laws crim-
inals, and to punish them criminally, and, if re-
sistance is offered to that punishment, that the
military of the United Stales is to step in and
to inflict it. Now I beg Senators to pause, be-
cause this legislation not only affects the States
lately in rebellion, but it affects all the States;
and if it is good with regard to the State of South
Carolina it is good with regard to the honorable
Senator's own State of Indiana ; it is good with
regard to the State of Ohio, it is good with re-
gard to my State, and it is good clearly with
regard to all the States.
Now. sir, what is the law. and what has been
ihc law in our country, the acknowledged law
