1806.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I will not repeat in what way, but in a way cer-
tainly objectionable and releasing, members of
the Senate from further postponement of the
matter.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator from Indiana
endeavors to press upon me and the Senate the
fact that the discussion of this question was
once postponed by my request. The Senator
from California has stated partially what was
the occasion of that postponement, and as far
as he went stated it truly. I was the only
member of the Judiciary Committee dissenting
from the majority report. When that report
was made, I was' urged by the friends of the
remonstrants to put my views before the Senate
in writing and have them printed. I said there
could be no necessity for doing that, for the
objections had been stated pretty fully in the
publications that had been laid on our desks
on one side and the other, and that when the
case should come up, I would be in my place
in the Senate to state them to the Senate, and
that was the reason Igkve them for not making
what is call(xl a minority report. Having as-
sured the remonstrants that I would do that, I
felt that I should have an opportunity of doing
it, and hence I asked that the Senate should
postpone the case until X could be in the Sen-
ate ; and that, it seems to mo, is a very differ-
ent case from that of the Senator from New
Jersey who is not here, who has taken no part
in this discussion, who was not upon the com-
mittee, who lias been absent from his scat four
or five weeks, who does not return after four
or five days' notice, but asks it to bo still
further postponed that he may be here. I do
not wish to do anything discourteous to any-
body, but it does certainly seem to mc that wo
ought now to come to a vote.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from.Indiana
says that next Thursday we shall have a full
Senate. Iiow does he know that?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not think I said
that.
Mr. SUMNER. I understood that was the
language.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I did not intend to say
that. I intended to say that we wanted it. post-
poned so as to have as full a Senate as pos-
sible.
Mr. CONNESS. The other expression was
the one the Senator used.
Mr. SUMNER. I believe I did not mis-
quote the Senator from Indiana. However,
he now savs that he wishes as full a Senate as
possible. " Does the Senator expect, that next
Thursday there will be a fuller Senate than
there is now? I need not remind him that we
arc all subject to the contingency of sickness,
and there is a Reaper whose name is Death ;
he, too, may come among us. There is no
one who is sure that he will be here next.
Thursday, and the very Senator whose pres-
ence is expected 011 that day is at this moment
so ill that 110 person can promise surely that
he will be here. And yet the Senate is asked
to postpone this grave question, which has
already occupied so many days of our delib-
erations, merely for that contingency.
We too, sir, have an absent colleague, who
if he were in this Chamber we have every rea-
son to believe would record his name with us.
He cannot be here. Disease has made the pair
between the absent Senator from New Jersey
and the absent Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
Foot.] Let that pair continue. Meanwhile,
let the business of the Senate proceed. If this
were the first day of the discussion, perhaps the
Senator from Indiana might urge his sugges-
tion with better reason. But the absent Sen-
ator from New Jersey has already had ample
notice. On Wednesday night he was informed
by telegraphic dispatch that this matter already
occupied the attention of the Senate and that
his presence was needed. He lias not yet ap-
peared. Six days have passed. During any
one of those sik days two or three tunes a day
he misht have come to Washington. He lias
not come : and now the Senate is asked to post-
pone the final decision of this important ques-
tion merely for the contingency that the sick
man may rise from his bed and do what during
the last six days he has either declined to do
or been unable to do. I hope, sir, that the
Senate will to-day proceed with this question
and carry it to its closc. It has occupied
enough of the attention of this body, enough
of the attention of the public.
Mr. SAULSBURY. In reply to one remark
which has fallen from the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, I wish simply to make a statement. I
do not know what may have come over the mind
of the Senator from Vermont, who is sick, [Mr.
Foot.] hut I myself heard him approach the
Senator from New Jersey, while the Senator
from New Jersey and I were sitting on that sofa,
and he told the Senator from New Jersey that
there was no objection in his judgment t.o his
right to a scat upon this floor. So, unless there
has been a change since, disease has made no
pair in that case, because the Senator from
Vermont told the Senator from New Jersey in
my presence—wc did not approach him, he
came to us—that in his judgment, there was no
question as to his right to a scat on this floor.
Mr. HENDRICKS. There is just one point
in the argument of the Senator from Massachu-
setts that! wish to answer, and that is the state-
ment that so many days have elapsed, and still
the Senator from New Jersey is not here. What
are the facts? On Thursday morning hp was
telegraphed. The resolution came up that. day.
lie could not come that day. He supposed that
it would be disposed of that day, and of course
made 110 further effort to come. Then 011 Fri-
day the vote was taken, and from that time until
yesterday it was supposed of course that his
presence was not necessary here. He was tele-
graphed yesterday afternoon to be here, that
probably the question would be reached to-day.
He answered by telegraph that, he wonld be
here to-day. Then this morning lie telegraphs
again that, he cannot come to-day under the
advice of his physician, but hopes to come
to-morrow. He lias hopes that he can come
to-morrow.
Mr. SUMNER.. Hopes!
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, sir. Just what the
word is, I cannot say, but that is the idea. It
is not positively certain that he can be here,
nor is it. certain that ho cannot be here. He
hopes himself to be here. Now, will the Sen-
ate allow the question in relation to the repre-
sentation of bis State to be forced on simply to
exclude his vote, or under circumstances that
will exclude him, when there is a probability
of gelling that, vote 011 Thursday ?
. if any Senator had suggested any public con-
sideration for this immediate action of the Sen-
ate, I could understand it, but there is no reason
given'why it ought to be disposed of to-day.
The public interests arc not. snflering by reason
of this question being undetermined. I sug-
gest that should any question arise 111 the Sen-
ate upon which Senators would object to the
vote of Mr. Stockton, I would say that that
vote will bo withheld until Thursday, or the
question might stand over, so far as I was con-
cerned, and I believe so far as this side of the
Senate is concerned. All that we want is
that we shall have an opportunity to vote when
the Senate is as full as it can be had. We
desire a full Senate to say whether Mr. Stock-
ton is entitled to his seat or not. Surely Sen-
ators do not want to press a vote simply lie-
cause they have the advantage of one member
being absent. That cannot be. What public
consideration requires it? I hear none stated,
and T appeal to Senators as a matter of court-
esy, of justice, and of propriety, to let. the ques-
tion stand over until Thursday.
Mr. CONNESS. The repeated^suggestion
of the honorable member from Indiana, which
is implied in the offer volunteered by him that
the Senator from NewT J ersey will not vote upon
questions to ensue before the Senate, is, as I
think, entirely out of pla'ce and gratuitous. It
carries with it the imputation that Senators are
influenced by the fear of the vote of tffi Sen-
ator from New Jersey upon questions not yet
presented to the Senate I think the sugges-
tion is hardly legitimate in its character here,
but that the honorable Senator should/asjjs
must feel, concede to each member of the Sen-
ate the same independence and intelligence in
regard to his vote that he claims for himself.
If the Senator had not repeated his suggestion
1 should not have noticed it; but I do not feel
that it is a legitimate argument in this case.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I wish to state
a point in the practice of the courtesy of ithe
Senate. I am aware that it will a,vaifnofching-;
still I will make the statement. Since I have
been in the Senate I have frequently known
propositions to be made to postpone the taking
of a question upon a particular subject pend-
ing before the ^Senate for a few days 011 account
of the absence of Senators, or their want of
readiness to complete the debate before the
time indicated, and I do not recollect a solitary
instance in which such a request has been made
in relation to important ordinary topics of legis-
lation that the Senate has refused the courtesy
of postponing the question to the time de-
sired.
Now, sir, it is a very reasonable request that
this question shall not be taken before Thurs-
day. There iscertainly enough connected with
the arrangement made between the absent Sen-
ator from New Jersey and the Senator from
Maine [Mr. MonuiLi/j to induce the friends of
the latter, I think, who are properly regardful
of his honor and of fair play, to accede at least
to this reasonable request. I believe that the
honorable Senator J'rom Maine, of whose honor
and integrity I have high appreciation, would
feel himself dissatisfied with the conduct of his
friends 011 this occasion if they were to refuse
that moderate and reasonable request. I do
trust, that in conformity to the uniform court-
esy and usage of the Senate, so far as I have
recollection of its practice in that respect—
since I have been a member of the body I know
of no instance in which such a reasonable re-
quest. as this has ever before been dcniiitl—this
will not be denied now. If it is yielded 011 ordi-
nary questions of legislation, much more is it
due to the importance of this occasion and the
serious interest of my friend from New Jersey
in the issue of the question. I therefore hope
—no, I will not say I hope, but I desire that
the question upon the pending proposition shall
be postponed until Thursday next.
Mr. JOHNSON. Upon the question of
postponement I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and the
Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. WILLIAMS (when his name was called.)
I observe that the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr.
Doolittle] is temporarily absent, from his seat,
and as I agreed to pair with him in this case I
shcill not vote.
Mr. STOCKTON (after the call of the roll
was concluded.) I desire to say, in order that
there maybe 110 misunderstanding on the sub-
ject, that the reason I did not vote when my
name was called was on account of the rule
adopted by the Senate yesterday.
The result of the vote was announced—yeas
18, nays 23 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buekalcw, Cowan.Davis,
fiuthric, Harris, Hendricks, Johnson. Laneot Kansas,
McDonsall.Mm-Kaii, Nesmith, Norton,Kiddle,Sauls-
bury, Trumbull,Van Winkle, and Willey—18.
NAYS—Jlo-rtiv:. Brown, Chandler, Clark, C'nnness,
Crasin, Crewel], Fce-eudcn, Foster, Grimes-. Hender-
son, llou-ard. Howe, Kirkwood. Lane oflndiami, Nye,
Pomeioy, Itamsoy, Sherman, Spraguc, Sumner,Wade,
Wihoif. and Yute--—'13.
ABSENT—Messrs. Dixon, Doolittle, Foot. Morrill,
Poland, Stewart, Stockton, "Williams, and Wright 9.
So the motion to postpone was not agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I now move to amend the
resolution by striking out all in it after the
word " Stoc'kton" and inserting ''not having
received a majority of the voices 01 the Legis-
lature of the State of New Jersey present and
voting, is not entitled to a seat as Senator from
that State for the term of six years from the
4th day of March, 1865." _
Mr. SAULSBURY. I ask whether that is
in order. The other day the Senate by a sol-
emn vote refused to declare that Mr. Stockton
was not entitled to his seat. There has been
no appeal taken from that decision. Now, the
