1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3587
And he did not insist on that occasion I should
either vote for the bill or withdraw my propo-
sition. His proposition was, if that bill should
be permitted to pass without amendment I
should introduce this bill and it would receive
his support.
Mr. STEVENS. Let me correct the gen-
tleman. I stated explicitly if he would with-
draw his proposition and let the bill pass with-
out opposition our friends would go for the
amendment, but the gentleman declined, and
we were compelled to pass the bill in spite of
him.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I do not depend
on my recollection for this matter at all. I
have quoted the gentleman's language as it
appears in the Globe. I do not add anything
to it, or take anything from it.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman will par-
don me for one moment. I wish to say for
myself that in giving to that bill my support it
was not intended by me, whatever may have
been said in the debate by the honorable gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, nordidlunderstand
it was expected by the gentleman from Iowa
that at any time or in any place the act which
we were then passing should thereafter be in
any manner, by explanatory act, so limited or
enlarged in its operation as to take from said
Pacific Railroad Company, eastern division,
any benefit of the previous acts of Congress.
On the contrary, as I understood the gentle-
man himself on that day when he spoke, he
desired that this company should not acquire
any new'rights by means of the amendment
save the privilege of locating and constructing
their road on the new route as therein pro-
vided.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I have no issue with
the gentleman from Ohio. I do not mean to
say every person who voted for that bill was
obliged by any remarks of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to vote for this one; but I do say
that the member who was in charge of that bill
did make that statement. And I have reason
to believe some members voted to sustain the
call for the previous question on that day
because of that understanding.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania further
remarked, after the floor had been occupied
by the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] for a short time:
"Letmo appeal to the House. Is there anything
unreasonable in the proposition X have offered that
if this bill shall pass then the gentleman from Iowa
shall introduce and pass his amendment in the shape
of an explanatory joint resolution?"
In answer to that I said :
" The gentleman makes that suggestion to me. I
will say in reply, if, as the gentleman says, wo should
adopt this amendment it would defeat the bill in the
Senate, why would not the amendment be also de-
feated in the Senato if sent to them in tho shape of
an explanatory joint resolution?"
The gentleman then said:
"I do not say it would bo defeated if sent to the
Senato as an independent measure."
To this I replied:
"If this will be defeated with tho same thing in it,
I would like to know whether tho Senate would not
bo likely to defeat an independent bill."
What was the gentleman's response?
" I will just go so far as to pledge that the friends
of the bill shall vote for it."
Now, sir, I have prepared this bill in ac-
cordance with that understanding; and I hope
the House will pass it. I am not endeavoring
to give any construction to the act of 1864
other than that given to that act by the per-
sons who voted on the passage of that bill. I
do not seek to take any advantage of the Union
Pacific railroad, eastern division, nor of the
Central Pacific railroad of California; nor do
I wish to take any advantage of the Utiion
Pacific Railroad Company. I only ask that
this matter shall be carried out as was sug-
gested at that time. If that bill means what
it was alleged to on that day, then this explan-
atory act will not interfere one iota with that
act. If it means something more than was
claimed on that occasion, then this_ explana-
tory act should pass, that the intention of the
House in passing that bill should be placed
upon the statute.
Now, that is all there is in this case. I am
not seeking, as I have said, to take advantage
of any one of these roads. I have to preserve
faith with the people who have been looking
to our legislation with a view to settlement and
investment; that is all I desire. I may remark
that the bill does not give any construction to
the second section of the bill which passed the
other day, being the only section in which the
California company is interested. I demand
the previous question.
Mr. STEVENS. I want to offer an amend-
ment, and I hope the House will not second
the previous question until I have an opportu-
nity of offering it.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will hear what
the gentleman's amendment is.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask no favor of thatkind.
I want to offer it.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I asked the same
thing when the original bill was up—the privi-
lege of merely having an amendment presented;
that was all. I could not tell whether the House
would adopt my amendment or not. I wanted
the subject considered, but I was refused the
privilege. Now, in accordance with the under-
standing on that occasion, I presented this bill,
and if the gentleman will not go so far as even
to let me know what his amendment is, I must
demand the previous question, and I will leave
it to the House, of course, to say whether that
understanding shall be carried out.
Mr. STEVENS. I have no objection to
letting the gentleman know what the amend-
ment is, but I hope the House will give me an
opportunity of offering it and explaining it.
I offer, then, as a substitute for the bill the fol-
lowing.
Mr. WILSON. I will hear it read.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
Strike out the entire bill and insert the following:
Whereas the following Senato bill (No. 317; of
tho first session of the Thirty-Ninth Congress, has
passed tho Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States in Congress assembled, to wit: "A
bill toiimend ail act entitled 'An act to amend an act
entitled "An act to aid in the construction of a rail-
road and telegraph line from thoMissouri river to the
Pacific ocean, and to secure to tho Government tho
use of the same for postal* military, and other pur-
poses," approved July 1,1862,' approved July 2,1863.
'' Jlc it enacted by Ike Senate andHouse of liepresenta-
tivesof the United States of America in Congi-csv assent-
bled, That the Union Pacific Railway Company, east-
ern division, is hereby authorized to designate the
general route of their said road, and to file a map
thereof, as now required by law, at any time before
the 1st day of December, 1866; and upon tho filing
of the said "map, showing tho general route of said
road, the lands along the entire line thereof, so tax-
as the same may bo designated, shall bo reserved
from sale by order of tho Secretaryof tho Interior:
Provided, That said company shall be entitled to
only the same amount of tho bonds of the United
States to aid in the construction of their line of rail-
road and telegraph as they would have been entitled
to if they had connected their said line with the
Union Pacific railroad on the one hundredth degree
of longitude, as now required by law: And provided
further. That said company shall connect their lino
of railroad and telegraph with tho Union Pacific
railroad, but not at a point more than fifty miles west-
wardly from the meridian of Denver, in Colorado.
"Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That tho Union
Pacific Railrond Company, with the consent, and ap-
proval of the Secretary of the Interior, ore hereby
authorized to locate, construct, and continue their
road from Omaha, in Nebraska Territory, westward,
according to tho best and most practicable route,
and without reference to tho initial point on tho one
hundredth meridian of west longitude, as now pro-
vided by law, in a continuous completed line, until
they shall meet and connect with tho Central Pa-
cific Railroad Company of California; and the Cen-
tral Pacific Railroad Company of California, with
tho consent and approval of the Secretary of the
Interior, are hereby authorized to locate, construct,
and continuo their road eastward, in a continuous
completed line, until they shall meet and connect
with the Union Pacific railroad: Provided, That each
of tho above-named companies shall have tho right,
when the nature of the work to bo done, by reason
of deeti cuts and tunnels, shall, for tho expeditious
construction of tho Pacific railroad require it, to
woik for an extent of not to exceed throe hundred
miles in advance of their continuous completed
lines:" Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Iceprcsenta-
tives of the United States of A meriea in Congress assein*
bled. That nothing contained in the foregoing bill
shall be so construed as to grant any mineral land
to the Union Pacific Railway Company, eastern divis-
ion, nor to entitle said company to reeeivo bonds
of the United States for any greater number gf miles
than tho said company would have been entitled to
had tho bill"above recited not been passed, nor shall
it be construed to prevent tho Union Pacific Railroad
Company from receiving the fall amount o.f United'
States bonds and land to which it would be entitled
according tu the number of miles of road which it .
may actually build.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Iowa yield to allow that amendment to be
offered ?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Yes, sir, I will
allow a vote to be taken on the amendment:
and if the gentleman desires to explain it I
will yield a portion of my time for that pur-
pose.
Mr. STEVENS. I certainly desire to explain
it. I am hardly able to make myself heard this
morning, and I must therefore be indulged in
speaking very low.
By the act of 1864 the southern division of
the Pacific railroad had a right to unite with
the main branch anywhere beyond the one
hundredth parallel, provided it received only
the amount of bonds which it would have been
entitled to up to the one hundredth meridian.
It was entitled also to the odd sections of land.
There is a difference of opinion as to whether
the act of 1864 confined the odd sections of
land to the original grant, or gave them the
whole amount. My construction is that it gave
them the whole amount. But the land beyond
the one hundredth parallel is of little impor-
tance anyhow. When the bill was before the
House the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wilson]
objected to that part only because he feared
that it conveyed mineral lands. My amend-
ment provides "that nothing contained in the
foregoing bill shall be so construed as to grant
any mineral lands to the Union Pacific Rail-
road Company." I have,-therefore, obviated
that objection. I have said nothing about the
land which they would have been entitled to,
because, according to my construction, they
would be entitled to it under the old law. But
the land beyond the one hundredth meridian,
I think, is not worth quarreling about. If it
is considered an original grant there is scarcely
a member of the House who would not vote to
give the alternate sections beyond the one hun-
dredth meridian to the company. I do not
think the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wilson]
himself would object to it as an original grant.
By the act of 18G4 the southern division had
liberty, if it reached the one hundredth degree,
or the place of meeting, before the Union Pa-
cific road reached there, and if the latter had
ceased to operate and to fairly carry on the
road, to go on and meet the western Pacific
railroad. Now, the explanatory' bill of the
gentleman from Iowa takes away that right to
go on and build that road, for it gives to the
Union Pacific railroad under all circumstances
the right to go on with its entire line from
Omaha to the point where it shall meet*the
Central Pacific railroad:
Now, that is a very important provision. It
takes away entirely one privilege from the
Southern Pacific railroad and bestows it no-
where else, namely, the right to unite and go
on with the line. The gentleman also pro-
poses to confine the land and bonds according
to a map which is already filed, as he says, to
the initial point. Now, there never was such
a map filed. A survey was made to Fort Riley,
and a map or profile was filed to that point.
A conjectural line was marked on some of the'
maps in the office to a supposed initial point
upon the one hundredth degree, but that ini-
tial was never fixed and is not fixed to thisi
day. The line from Fort Biley to that initial
point was to be fixed by the President. It
never has been fixed to this day. There was,
therefore, no such quantity of land or bonda
provided for. But the bill, as passed, only
gives them the same amount of land that they
would have if they had had' time to file their
map and had filed it to the initial point, which
they never have had time to do; and the main
object of that bill was to extend the time from
the summer to next December.
• Now, sir, that is all that is done with regard
to the Southern Pacific railroad. With regard
to the main line, it is a thing with which the
