2628
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
you draw the line if the dealer exceeds the
amount of course be becomes liable to a higher
tax as a wholesale dealer. It is a small amount
which the retailer is required to pay. The
moment the amount of sales exceeds $25,000
the man becomes a wholesale dealer. We
must have some line of demarkation.
Mr. DAVIS. It is provided in the bill that
persons and corporations in certain branches
of business shall pay«a tax upon their annual
sales. It is also provided, I believe, that they
shall pay the tax before commencing business.
I desire to know how the amount of this tax is
to be ascertained.
Mr. MORRILL. The tax upon the annual
sales does not commence until those sales shall
have exceeded §50,000, though a special tax of a
fixed amount is paid at the outset.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
4. Wholesale dealers in liquors whoso annual sales
do not exceed $50,000 shall pay fifty dollars and if
exceeding $50,000, for every additional thousand dol-
lars in excess of ^50,000, onedollar. Every person who
shall sell or offer for sale any distilled spirits, fermented
liquors, or wines of any kind in quantities of more
than three gallons at one time to tlie same purchaser,
or whose annual sales, including sales of other mer-
chandise, shall exceed $25,000, shall be regarded as a
wholesale dealer in liquors.
Mr. H LBBARD, of Iowa. I move to amend
by striking out "one dollar" and inserting in
lieu thereof "two dollars."
_ I understand that this business of selling
liquor is very profitable, and if so, I think the
liquor sellers are able to pay the sum I pro-
pose.
Mr. MOIIRILL. Mr. Chairman, I suppose
the object of Congress to be to obtain as large
a revenue as possible from liquors; but I con-
ceive that the more legitimate way to reach
that objcct is to levy the tax upon the liquor ;
and if, as proposed in the bill, we allow the
tax to remain at two dollars per gallon, it
seems to me that ought to satisfy us. I hope,
therefore, that the amendment will not prevail.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by insert-
ing after the word "dollar" in line nine hun-
dred and ninety-two the following words :
And such excess shall bo assessed and paid in the
same manner as required of wholesale dealers.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I movo to amend by insert-
ing after the word' 'dollars'' w here it last occurs
in line nine hundred and ninety-one the words
"they shall pay."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PRICE. Hopeless as the attempt may
appear, I will make one more effort to amend
this section. I more to amend by striking out
the word "fifty" in line nine hundred and
eighty-nine and inserting in lieu thereof "one
hundredso that the clause will read:
Wholo«alc dealers in liquors whose annual salesdo
not exceed $50,000 shall pay $100.
Under this bill as it stands the wholesale
liquor dealer selling $50,000 worth of liquor an-
nually will pay only fifty dollars; while a banker
doing business right alongside of him, with a
capital of $50,000, pays a license of $100, and
pays also upon every additional $1,000 double
the amount which the liquor dealer pays. It
appears to me that men in the liquor business
can afford to pay a tax of $100, which is not
as much as men in honest branches of business
pay on a corresponding amount of capital.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
5. Retail dealers in liquors shall pay twenty-five
dollars. Iwery person who shall sell or offer for sale
foreign or domestic spirits, wines, ale, beer, or other
malt liquors in quantities of three gallons or less,
and whose annual sales, including alt sales of othor
merchandise, do nut exceed 825,000, shall be regarded
as a retail dealer in liquors under this act.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I move to
amend by striking out "twenty-five," in the
first line of the paragraph just read, and insert-
ing in lieu thereof "fifty."
Mr. Chairman, while I have great respect
for the opinions of the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, I distrust the notion
that we are going to realize much revenue from
distilled spirits by a tax of two dollars agallon.
I think the gentleman will concede thai the
experiment has not in the past been very suc-
cessful. Members of the House are, I suppose,
fully aware that, within the last year at least,
the larger proportion of distilled spirits in the
United States has paid little or no tax. What
has been paid has been divided among inform-
ers, detectives, and the Government.
Mr. MORRILL. The gentleman will have
an opportunity to discuss this question at a
lattr stage of the bill.
_ Mr. HARDING-, of Illinois. I think the
discussion is apropos now.
Mr. Chairman, the practice has been to
manufacture distilled spirits illegitimately,
making it out of dollar corn, and then smuggle
the article into the market. When once in the
market, it can be sold in the groceries by pay-
ing a license of twenty-five dollars. I propose
to catch some of it in this way, by a charge of
fifty dollars for the privilege of selling.
Mr. MORRILL. I would not object if it
were the sentiment of the country that all
these beer shops and groggeries should be
suppressedbut I warn gentlemen, if they
can enforce the law, the Government will get
110 revenue at all. If you adopt this increased
tax, a poor widow or a maimed soldier who is
keeping a small beer shop will have to pay this
large tax ; and hotel keepers will be compelled
to pay this in addition. I hardly think Con-
gress will be disposed to raise the tax.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read the next paragraph, as fol-
lows :
6. LotterytifketdealersshallpayglOO. Everyper-
son, association, firm, or corporation who shall make,
sell, or oiler to sell lottery tickets or fractional parts
thereof, or any token, certificate, or device represent-
ing or intending to represent a lottery ticket or any
Pactional part thereof, or any policy of numbers m
any lottery, or shall manage any lottery, or prepare
schemes of lotteries, or superintend the drawing of
any lottery, shall ho doomed a lottery ticket dealer
under this act: Provided, Xliat any person doing the
business of lottery ticket dealers shall give bond, in
the sum of SI,000, with sureties, to be approved by the
collcctor of the district, conditioned that he will not
sell anyf ticket or supplementary ticket of such lot-
tery which has not been duly stamped according to
law.
Mr. DARLING. I move to amend in line
ten hundred and five by inserting the word
"policy" after the word "ticket." I shall
next move to strike out " 6ne hundred" and
insert "one hundred and fifty."
If we are to legalize this iniquitous traffic, I
want to get the largest possible amount of
revenue. I am satisfied, from the information
I have received, that the Government is de-
frauded out of at least $9,000,000 a year in
the way of taxes under the present law. All
of the small dealers have been subject to the
monopolists who carry on the business, par-
ticularly in New York city, the same as the
banking business. It is carried on with a mag-
nitude that would astonish the House. Every
man who wants to go into the business is sub-
ject to the orders of the large dealers. I desire
that every man who goes into the business, no
matter how small his business may be, shall
pay the tax directly to the Government, and
that he shall give bond to the United States
that he will pay the tax into the United States
Treasury. That is the reason I move the
amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. We have already tried the
policy of extreme taxation in relation to lottery
dealers. We placed the tax as high as $1,000.
It proved to be a bad policy, and we did not
derive much revenue at all. Since the amount
has been fixed as it is the Government is in
receipt of a considerable amount of revenue.
Let me say it is to ferret out, and seize the par-
ties who sell these tickets, and that we may
know who they are that this license or special
tax is imposed.
After all this is done, we impose a tax upon
all of their sales of five per gent. If we suc-
ceed in collecting this special tax we shall col-
lect the other also.
" The law is amended in one respect. Under
the existing law one or two parties in New
York have enjoyed a monopoly; others deal-
ing in lotteries have been dealing in them
surreptitiously and in violation of law, or have
been made to pay tribute to one or two men.
The present bill changes all that. I hope the
amendment will not prevail.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. DAVIS. I offer the following amend-
ment :
Insert in line ton hundred and nineteen:
And provided moreover. That nothing herein con-
tained shall bo construed to authorize the sale of lot-
tery tickets in any State where such sales are prohib-
ited by the laws thereof.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. That is
already in the bill.
Mr. DAVIS. Then I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. DARLING. I move to amend the pro-
viso by striking out the word "any" and in-
serting the word "every" before the words
"person doing the business of lottery ticket
dealers," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DA11L1N G. I move to further amend
the same sentence by inserting after the words
"lottery ticket dealers" the words, " or deal-
ers in policy of numbers." What I want to
get at is this: I want to prevent if possible the
spread of this nefarious and iniquitous prac-
tice in our large cities, which is entailing so
much ruin and distress and suffering upon the
families of poor people. It is a species of
gambling which is carried on to an extent that,
in my judgment, inflicts more misery, more
sorrow, and more suffering upon families than
the use of intoxicating drinks, or at least quite
as much.
Now, I do not mean, if I can help it, that any
person shall be authorized to do this business
unless he takes out a license and is put under
heavy penalties that ho will pay the tax due to
the Government under the law. And there-
fore I want to include, not only those who sell
lottery tickets, but those who do a business far
worse, that of selling policies of numbers,
which are sold principally to the poor, the
degraded, and the ignorant.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I want
to call the attention of the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Daklixg] to a description of
lottery ticket dealers which renders his amend-
ment unnecessary. The attention of the com-
mittee was called to this subject, and they made
a provision to meet the point the gentleman
refers to, by inserting it in the description of
lottery ticket dealers.
Mr. DARLING. Whero is that?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. In the
part of the paragraph which reads:
Every person, association, firm, or corporation
which shall make, sell, or offer to sell lottery tickets or
fractional parts thereof, or any token, certificate, or
device representing or intending to represent a lottery
ticket or any fractional part thereof, or any policy of
numbers in any lottery, or shall manage any lottery,
or prepare schemes of lotteries, or superintend tho
drawing of any lottery, shall bo deemed a lottery
ticket dealer under this act.
Mr. DARLING. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. IToopeb] is right, and I will
withdraw that amendment.
I move to amend by inserting in tho proviso,
before the words "or supplementary ticket,"
the words "or policy of numbers." I want
to make it-so clear and distinct that there will
be no escape from a proper construction of the
law.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the next paragraph, as fol-
lows:
7. Horse dealers shall pay ten dollars. Any person
whose business it is to buy or sell horses or mules
phall be regarded a horse dealer under this act: Pro-
vided, That one special tax having been paid, no
additionaltax shall b'e imposed upon any horse dealer
for keeping a livery stable, nor upon any livery stable
keeper who may also be a horse dealer.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out at the
end of the paragraph the words "who may also
be a horse dealer," and insert in lieu thereof
the words " for dealing in horses."
The amendment was agreed to.
