604
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
of the country, the law of the country which
allowed to all and afforded to all men every-
where an ample, fit, civil remedy—not a remedy
at the point; of the bayonet, but a remedy upon
the tongue of the advocate and in the judg-
ment of the judge? If we have the power to
override State legislation by this bill, it is either
constitutional or it is not constitutional. Thereis
the alternative, and either horn of the dilemma
maybe taken by the advocates of the bill. If it
be constitutional the State courts are bound to
execute it But our honorable friend says the
State courts will not execute it. Suppose they do
not. Therehave been laws of the U nionhereto-
fore which the State courts refused to execute ;
butlhave yet to learn that anybody ever proposed
that those courts could be enforced to its execu-
tion at the point of the bayonet. What is the
rule, .then ? If the State court decides that the
aet of Congress which restrains and limits their
powers is constitutional, then the State court
executes the law, and there is no trouble about
it. If that court, however, on the other hand,
decides that it is unconstitutional, what then?
By the law now, the party injured has his rem-
edy by a writof error; and the Supreme Court—
that civil tribunal set up by the will of the na-
• tiOn as embodied in the Constitution and the
laws—is the tribunal to determine whether that
appeal is upon just grounds or not. Are we
to overthrow everything? Are we going to
turn this into a military dictatorship? Are we
going to abandon the province of reason and
resort entirely to that of force? Are we going
to substitute the bayonet and the saber for argu-
ment and law and reason ? Surely not; and
yet that is the projiosition.
For tlio sake of the argument, I will admit
that there is a fair dispute as to whether this
bill is constitutional or not; and admitting that
ihat is fairly in dispute, I say that at any other
time, and under any other circumstances, a bill
would have been broughtup declaringthat those
laws should not and ought not to be enforced,
and that would have raised the question as to
the constitutionality of the measure. If the
State court had decided that the law was con-
stitutional, of course then you would have at-
tained your end. If not, as I said before, a writ
of error or appeal is the proper remedy by the
party injured.
But now look at the proposal. If the State
court decides in favor of the State laws, who is
to decide whether those State laws are over-
ridden by this general bill? I put the question
here and demand an answer, who is to decide
that point? Is it a judge learned in the law ?
Is it a court established by the law? Is it the
Supreme Court of the United States, the high-
est judicial tribunal of the land? No, sir. By
the bill, and by the admission of the gentlemen
who have argued in favor of it, it is to be de-
termined by the military, and the military are
to decide whether the statute in question is
overridden by this bill or whether it is not. 1
ask American Senators and I ask American
citizens whether this Government has come to
that, or whether it has not.
1 had hoped never to stand in this body and
hear a Republican Senator, and not only a
Republican Senator but Republican Senators
excuse and apologize, or rather triumphantly
cite thefugitive slavelawof 1850 as a model for
their present legislation. Sir, if there is a pre-
cedent upon our records which above all others
ought to be avoided by prudent men, by law-
abiding and law-loving men, it is that fugitive
slave law of 1850. But it is said the Supreme
Court decided that it was constitutional. 1
grant it, and I submitted and obeyed it because
they did so decide, and because we had all
agreed that we would submit to their decisions.
At the same time it was within the province of
every good man, every honest and just man,
and every learned lawyer throughout the land,
to struggle and strive to have that decision re-
versed. I do not believe it was constitutional;
it never was constitutional. The clause which
required the rendition of fugitives from justice,
and the clause which required the rendition of
fugitive slaves, were in hcec verba, in pari ma-
teria, and they ought to be construed in the
same way precisely.
What was the law by which the rendition of
criminals was provided for between sovereign
States ? That the reclamation must be made
upon the sovereign power of the State in order
to restore the alleged criminal. What, then, was
intended by the framers of the Constitution?
That the reclamation ought to have been made
upon the sovereign power of the State to re-
turn the fugitive from labor, the one who had
owed service in a State and had escaped from
it. That was the proper remedy. And, Mr.
President, when the slave States themselves
met to make their confederacy, they paid pet-
haps the highest compliment to the Constitu-
tion of the United States that was ever paid to
any instrument in the world. No rebellion, no
insurrection, no separation has occurred here-
tofore in any country where the separatists or
the rebels took the constitution of the country
they had left almost literally and adopted it for
themselves; and yet the rebels did that, with
one exception in regard to the term of the
President, which they extended to six years;
and with regard to the fugitive slave clause.
They put the true construction upon'it there,
and by a new article of their constitution, they
declared that the fugitive was only to be deliv-
cied up on reclamation made upon the Gov-
ernor of the State to which the fugitive had es-
caped. They thereby ratified, sanctioned, and
admitted that the construction contended for
by northern men for long, long years of that
clause was the true one; so that even southern
authority, even slaveliolding reason, even the
argument which grows out of slavery will not
sustain the fugitive slave law as a precedent for
anything which we may do hero in considering
the rights of the States and of the people of
the States under this Union.
But, Mr. President, 1 beg to protest, when-,
ever any inferior court of the United States,
>any supreme court of a State, or any inferior
court of a State, makes a decision which is
against a law of the United States, the para-
mount law, or against the constitutionality of
that law, the remedy is not the military; it is
not the bayonet; the remedy is an appeal to the
superior, the higher tribunals of the country.
The honorable Senator asks, who would be
injured by this ? As I said before, the relations
of the citizens or inhabitants of the several
States are peculiarly within the legislation of
those States. You heard the other day, sir,
that Maryland ha.-; an act of her Legislature by
which a black man is forbidden to marry a
white woman. Is that, competent? Is not the
State of Wisconsin competent to-day to legis-
late upon that relation between her citizens?
Are not the several States sovereign enough
to determine upon this question of miscegena-
tion ? Ave they not as sovereign to determine
upon it as they are upon the question of polyg-
amy, the question of incest, or any other ques-
ion which it is believed and is thought would
materially affect, the interests of the commu-
nity constituting the State?
Now, let us take a case. A black man in
Maryland, after the passage of this act, marries
a white woman, and he is arraigned under the
law of "Maryland forbidding it, and the Mary-
land judge, does what ? What would the Main-
land judge do ? I ask what Senators would do
if they were sitting in his place administering
the laws of Maryland? Here is an act of Con-
gress which declares that, as to all civil rights
and immunities, the negro is to be put upon
precisely the same footing as the white man.
This judge in Maryland decides that the negro
has a right to marry a white woman—that re-
peals the laws of Maryland ; or he decides that
a black man has not a right to marry a white
woman, and he undertakes to impose upon him
the penalties whieh'the Maryland statute pro-
vides. What is the remedy of this bill? What
is the remedy of my honorable and learned
friend from Indiana? It is that, the President
shall intervene with bayonet and ball in order
to do, what? ■ To stop the execution of the
decree or sentence of the court of Maryland.
Now, I ask—I ask it in all seriousness ; I ask
it from Senators who are intrusted by the peo-
ple of the several States with the highest inter-
ests known among men—whether that, is pru-
dent, politic, lawful, or constitutional? I ask
again whether it is not in the face of all the
world's experience, from the first line of re-
corded history down to the present day. that
that question, or any such question, should be
submitted to the military power of any Govern- .
ment whatever.
There it is; words cannot make it plainer;
reason cannot elucidate it; no language can
strengthen it or weaken it, one way or the other.
There is the question, whether a military man,
educated in a military school, accustomed to
supreme command, unaccustomed to the ad-
ministration of civil law among a free people,
is to be intrusted with this appellate jurisdiction
over the courts of the country; whether he can
in any way, whether he ought in any way to be
intrusted with such a power? I for my part
will never agree to it; and I should feel myself
.recreant to every duty that I owed lo myself,
to my country, to my country's history, and I
may say to the race which has been for hun-
dreds and thousands of years endeavoring to
attain to something like constitutional liberty, if
I did not resist this and all'similar projects.
I ask you, where is this to end? If this is to
be a consolidated Government, if all power is
to bo concentrated at Washington, if all the
powers heretofore reserved to the States are to
be given to this Government,, let us know it.
I am not very certain that, personally. T should
have any very great objection to it. One great
Government for this great empire might be
perhaps eheapcr, might perhaps induce a greater
homogeneousness among the people than the
several State governments which exist now;
but that is not the question for •determination.
We sit here by virtue of authority derived from
the American people, hedged, limited, circum-
scribed, and bounded by the terms of the great
organic law, the Constitution, and it is not for
us to transcend that until the will of our prin-
cipals in that behalf is known and signified ac-
cording to the forms in that Constitutioif laid
down for the purpose of making amendments
to it. Then, I say, if we arc to preserve this
form, if this is to be a Union of States, and a
Union of States which shall have all the rights
reserved that have not been delegated lo the
General Government, and if that is the theory
on which we are to proceed, if the people of the
several States in their domestic and civil and
political relations are to be regulated by the
States, then, certainly, upon no known principle
of the law can this bill be justified, and particu-
larly by no known principle of any constitu-
tional law or of any sound reason can the prin-
ciple of substituting military power for a writ
of error be sustained or maintained.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, I can-
not consent that this bill shall receive the forms
of law and content myself with simply record-
ing my vote against, it; and I rise now to say
that against this and all like legislation I de-
sire to enter the protest of my opinion; and Ido
so both upon the ground of questions of con-
stitutional law, and also upon those of sound
policy. I agree with the Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Gtthrie.] as to the true interpre-
tation of the Constitution as affecting this bill;
and also as to his views with regard to the pol-
icy of the reestablishment of harmony through-
out the Union. And I agree with my friend
from Indiana, [Mr. Hexdhioks,] upon the ques-
tion of policy raised by him ; also with the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cowax.J Tliey
have fully expressed my views in more apt
words and with closer logic than is within the
grasp of my intellectual powers. T am content
with what they have said, and will not undertake
to address the Senate. I merely rise to remark
that with them I think this and similar legisla-
i tion is fraught with infinite mischief both as
1 infringing clearly upon the Constitution and
