1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
iM§
of February, 1865, the Senate passed the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the secretary be directed to inform
the House of Assembly that the Senate will be ready
to go into joint meeting for the appointment of a
United States Senator, State treasurer, and such
other State and county officers as may be necessary,
on the 15th day of February ^instant, at three o'clock
p. m., in the Assembly Chamber.
" In which the concurrence of the Houseof Assem-
bly is requested."
On the same day this resolution was sent to
the House of Assembly,' as follows:
"The following message from the Senate was re-
ceived by the hands of their secretary:
44 Sen-ate Chamber, February 8,1865.
"Mr. Si'eakkk: I am directed by the Senate to
inform the House of Assembly that the Senate has
passed the following concurrent resolution:
4' Resolved, That the secretary be directed to inform
the House of Assembly that the Senate will bo ready
to go into joint meeting for the appointment of Uni-
ted States Senator, State treasurer, and such other
State and county officers as may be necessary, on the
15th day of February, instant, at three o'clock p.m.,
in the Assembly lloom;
"In which the concurrence of the House of Assem-
bly is requested. JOHN II. MEEKER,
" Secretary of the Senate."
On the 14th day of February, 1865, the fol-
lowing entry appears in the House Journal:
41 The resolution from the Senate relative to joint
meeting was taken up and concurred in.''
The following is the journal of the joint
meeting:
In Joint Meeting.
State of New Jersey, Assembly Chamber,
Trenton, February 15, 18G-5.
At half past three o'clock p. m. the Senate and
General Assembly met in joint meeting in the As-
sembly Chamber for the purpose of making sun-
dry appointments: of United States Senator, State,
county, and township- officers.
Hon. Joseph T. Crowd! nominated Hon. Edward
W. Scuddcr tor chairman of the joint meeting; which
was unanimously agreed to.
On motion of Air. lLolsman, John II. Meeker was
appointed secretary of the joint meeting.
On motion of the same Senator, George B. Cooper
Was appointed assistant eecrctary.
Under thcdircctions of the chairman the secretary
called the joint meeting, as follows:
Messrs. Abbett, L., Abbott, N. S., Acton, Allen,
Anderson, Bate, Hockley, Birdsall, Blauveit, Bodine,
Boss, Brinck, Bioking, Buckley, Callahan, Chand-
ler, Clever, Corey, Coriell, Crowcll, Culver, Dcmarcst,
Dickcson, Doughty, Dougherty, Duryea, Fisher, (!o-
ble, Green, ifaring. Harrison, Eleulings, Koasland,
Hoffman, Holmes, Holsman, Hornerv IhlF, \V. J.,
Iliff, W. M., Iiiek, Jariaid, Jenkins, Kearney, Ken-
nedy, Kinter, Lake, Landeli, Lathrop,Lighthipe, Lit-
tle, Ludlam, Martin, Moore, Nicholson, Nixon, Ped-
dle, Kandolph, Reeves, ilobins, llobi^on, Sehenck,
St-ovel, Scuddcr, Sciffcrt, Staats, Stillo, Stockton,
Taylor, Trcadwell, Trusdcll, Van Buskirk, Van
Vorst, Van Wagoner, Ware, NVeart, Willever, "Wil-
son, Wright, Wuris, Young—80.
Air. Holsman moved that the rules of the last joint
meeting be adopted for the government of this joint
meeting, except the sixteenth rule, for which lie
uttered the following resolution :
Rcxolvcd, That no candidate shall be declared
elected unless upon receiving a majority of the votes
of all the members elceted to both Houses of the
Lecri.-'lature.
Which was agreed to.
The said sixteenth rale of the last joint meeting
was as follows: "10. That all candidates for olIir><\
upon receiving a majority of Hie votes ea«t by thi>
joint meeting, shall be declared to be duly elected.''
On motion of Mr. Ilolsman, the resolution under
•which the joint meeting was called was read, as
follows:
U^olved, That the secretary be directed to infonn
the House of Assembly that the Senate will be midy
to go into joint meeting for the appointment of Uni-
ted States Senator, State treasurer, and such other
State and county officers as may be necessary, on the
15th day of February, instant, at three o'clock p. m„
in the Assembly.
In which thcconcurrcnccof the House of Assembly
is requested.
Mr. Ludlam moved to proceed to the election of a
United States Senator.
Air. Ilolsman moved to amend by postponing the
same until the l>t day of March next.
Mr. Scovcl moved further to amend by postponing
the same until the 7th day of March next.
Upon which the yeas and nay3 wore taken, as fol-
lows:
In the affirmative, were Alessrs, Abbott, Is. S., Ac-
ton, Bates, Birdsall, Blauveit, Bodme, Bucklcy, Cal-
lahan, Clever, Crowell, Dickeson, Fisher, Green, J a r-
rard. Lake, Robison, Scovcl, Staats, Ware, Wright—iX).
In the negative, were Messrs. Abbett, L., Allen,
Anderson, Bos?: Brinck, Broking, Chandler, Corey,
Coriell, Culver, Demurest, Doughty. Dougherty, Dur-
vea, Goble, J-Iaring. Harrison, Ileulings, Hoagiand,
Jloffraan. Holmes, Holsman, Hotncr, Iliff, W. J., IliiF,
W. M., Irick, Jenkins. Kearney, Kennedy, Kinter,
Landcll. Lathron, Lighthipe, Little, Ludiam, Martin,
Moore, Nicholson, Nixon, Pcddie, Randolph, Reeves,
Robins, Sohcnck. Scuddcr, Seiffcrt, Stillo. Stockton,
Tavlor, Trcadwell, Trnsdell.Van Buskirk,Van Vorst,
Van Wagoner*,Weart,Willever,Wilson, Wurts, Young
—59.
So said amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Thcycasandnays then being taken upo.nthcamend-
ment offered by Mr. Ilolsman, resulted, as follows:
In the affirmative, were Messrs, Abbett, L., Acton,
Allen, Anderson, Boss, Broking, Chandler, Corey,
Coriell,Culver, Dcmarcst, Dickcson,Doughty. Dough-
erty, Duryea, Goble, Haring, Hoagiand, Hoffman,
Holmes, Ilolsman, Iliff, W. J., Iliff, W. AL, Jenkins,
Kearney, Kennedy, ICintcr, Little, Martin,Randolph,
Robins, Sehenck, Scudder, Seiffcrt, Stillc. Taylor,
Trcadwell, Trusdelt, Van Baskirk, Van Vorst, Ware,
Wcart, Willever, Wurts, Young—45.
In the negative, were Messrs. Abbott, N. S., Bates
Birdsall, Blauveit, Bodine, Brinck,Buckley, Callahan,
Clever, Crowcll, Fisher, Green, Ilculings, Harrison,
Horner,Irick, Jarrard, Lakc,Landcll,Lafhrop, Light-
hipe, Ludlam, Afoore, Nicholson, ISixon. Feddie,
Reeves Robison, Scovcl,Staats, Stockton,Van Wag-
oner, Wilson, Wright—34.
So said amendment was agreed to.
On motion of Air. ilolsmaivit was
Resolved, That when this joint meeting adjourn it
adjourn to meet on Wednesday, March 1, at three
p. m.
After appointing a large number of Stat<rofficcrs,
on motion of Air. Holsman, the joint meeting ad-
journed.
In Joint Meeting.
Assembly Chamber,
Wednesday, March 1,1865.
At three o'clock p. m. the adjourned joint meeting
came to ordcrin the Assembly Chamber. -
Under the direction of the chairman the secretary
called the joint meeting, when the following gentle-
men answered to their names :
Messrs. Abbott, L., AMfott,. N  S., Acton, Allen,
Andcison, Bates, BccslcyrBirdsall, Blauveit, Bodine,
Boss, Brinck, Broking, Buckley* Callahan, Chandler,
Clever, Corey, Coriell, Crowell, Culver, Dcmarcst,
Dickcson, Doughty, Dougherty, Duryea, Edsall,
Fisher, Goble, Green. Haring, Harrison, Ilculings.
Hoagiand, Hoffman, Holmes, Holsman, Iiorncr, Iliif,
W.J., Iliff, W. AI., Irick, Jarrard, Jenkins. Kearney,
Kennedy, Kinter, Lake,Landcll, Lathrop, Lighthipe,
Little, Ludlam, Martin, Moore, Nicholson, Nixon,
Peddic, Reeve-, Robins, Robison, Sehenck, Scovcl,
Scuddcr, Seiffcrt, Staats, Stillc, Stockton, Taylor,
Trcadwell, Trusdcll, Van Buskirk, Van Vorst, Van
Wagoner, Ware, Weartf Willever, Wilson, Wright,
Wmts, Young—80.
Air. ilolsman moved that the consideration of the
election of United States Senator be postponed until
the loth day of Alarch infttant.
The yeas and. nays being demanded and ordered
upon the question of agreeing thereto, were as fol-
lows:
In the affirmative, woro Messrs. Abbott, L., Ander-
son, Allen, Boss, Broking, Chandler, Corey, Coiiell,
Culver. Dcmarcst, Doughty. Dougherty, Duryea, Ed-
sall, Goble, Haring, Hoagiand, Hoffman, Holmes,
Holsinan, Iliti, W. J., iliff, W. Al., Jenkins, Kear-
ney, Kennedy, Kinter, Little, Martin, ilobins,
Sehenck, Scovcl, Scuddcr, Seiffcrt, Stillc, Taylor,
Trcadwell, Trusdcll, Van Buskirk, Van Vorst, Wcart,
Willever, Wmts, Young—-!o.
In the negative, wore Messrs. Abbott, N. S.. Acton,
Bates, Deploy, Birdcall, Blauveit, Bodine, Brinck,
Buckley. Callahan, Clever, Crowell,Dickoon, Fisher,
Green, Uarrison, Ilculings, Horner, Irick, Jarrard,
Lake, Landeli, Lathrop, Lighthipe, Ludlam, Moore,
NiehoLon, Nixon, Pcddie, Reeves, Robison. Staats,
Stockton, Van Wagoner, Ware, Wilson, Wright—'Si.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. ilolsman moved that when this joint meeting
adjourn it be to meet on the loth day of Alarch, instant.
After appointing several State officers, on motion
of Air. Holsman the jointmeeting then adjourned.
In Joint Meeting.
Assembly Cit vmbhr,
Wednesday, March lf>, lo(>".
At three o'clock p. m. the adjourned meeting came
to ord^r in the A-vomhly Chamber.
LmW the direction of the chairman the secretary
called the joint, meelincr, when the following gentle-
men an.-wered to their names-:
Messrs. Abbett, L., Abbott, N. S., Acton. Allen,
Anderson, Bai< s, Bocsley,BinLall, Blauveit, Bodine,
Boss, Brinck, Broking, Buckky. Callahan, Chandler,
Cleaver, Corey, Coricil, Crowell, Culver, Dcmarcst,
Dickcson, Doughty, Dougherty, Duryea, Ldsall,
Fisher, Goble, Green, Ilarmg, Harrison, IlcuUiig^,
Iloagland, Hoffman, Holmes, Holsman, Horner, Dili,
W. .1., Iliff, W. AI., Irick, Jarrard, Jenkins, Kearney,
Kennedy, Kinter, Lake, Landeli, Lathrop, Light-
hipe, Little, Ludlam, Alaitiu, Aloorc, Nicholson,
Nixon, Poddic, Randolph, Beeves, Robins, Robison,
Schcnck, S.'ovel, Scuddcr, Seiffcrt, Staats, St tile,
Stockton, Tavlor, Trcadwell, Trusdcll, Van Busknk,
Van Vorst, Van Wagoner, Ware, Wcart, Willever,
Wilson, Wright, Wurts, Young—81.
It will be noticed that at the call of the joint
meeting at its first session only eighty members
answered to their names. There was a vacancy
in the Legislature at that time, occasioned by
the death of Mr. Fowler, a member from Sus-
sex. Prior to the election of Mr. Stockton,
however, Mr. Edsall was elected to fill that
vacancy; thus completing the full numerical
strength of the Legislature present and voting
on this occasion.
Air. Ilolsman offered the following resolution, and
moved its adoption:
Resolved, That tho resolution that no candidate
shall be declared elected unless upon receiving a ma-
jority of the votes of all the members elected to both
Houses of the Legislature bo rescinded, and that any
candidate receiving a plurality of votes of the mem-
bers present shall be declared duly olectccl.
Mr. Ludlam moved that the question be divided.
Tho chairman ruled said motion out of order,'tliei
secretary having commenced to call tho roll upon the
adoption of said resolution.
Whereupon, Air. Crowcll appealed from thedeeisida
of the Chair.
Upon the question, Shall the decision of the Chair
be sustained? the yeas and nays being taken re-
sulted as follows:
In tho affirmative, were Alessrs. Abbett, L.,Abbottrf
N. S., Acton, Allen, Anderson, Bcesley, Blauveit, Boss,
Broking, Bucklcy, Callahan, Chandler, Corey, Coriell,
Culver, Dcmarcst, Doughty, Dougherty, Duryea, Eds-
all, Fisher, Goble,Green, llaring, Harrison, Hoagiand,
Hoffman, Holmes, Holsman, Iiorncr, Iliff, W. J., Iliff*
W. AI.. irick, Jarraul. Jenkins, Kinter, Lake, Ligh-
thipo,Little, Ludlam, Martin, Aloorc, Nicholson, Nix-
on, Randolph, Reeves, Robins, Schonck, Seiffcrt, Stille,
Taylor. Treadwcll, Trusdcll, Van Buskirk, Van Vorst,
Van Wagoner, Ware, Weart, Willever,"Wilson,Wright,
Wurts, Young—62.
In the negative, were Messrs. Bates, Birdsall, Bo-
dine, Brinck, Cleaver, Crowell. Dickeson, Hculings,
Landcll, Lathrop, Pcddie, Robison, Scovcl, Staats,
Stockton—-15.
So the decision of tlie Chair was sustained.
The question then being upon the adoption of the
resolution offered by Air. Holsman, and the yeas and
nays being taken, resulted as follows:
In the affirmative,were Messrs. Abbett,L-,Allen,An-
derson, Boss, Broking,Chandler,Corey,Coricil,Culver,
Dcmarcst, Dougherty, Duryea, Edsall, Goble, Baring,
Iloagland, Hoffman, Holmes, Holsman, Iliff, W. J.,
Iliff, W. Al., Kearney, Kinter, Little, Martin, Ran-
dolph, Robins, Schonck, Scuddcr, Seiffcrt, Stillc, Tay-
lor, Treadwcll, Trusdcll, Van Buskirk, Van Vorst,
Wcart, Willever, Wright, Wurts, Young—41.
In the negative, were Alessrs. Abbott, N. S., Acton,
Bates, Boeslcy, Birdsall, Blauveit, Bodine, Brinck,
Bucklcy, Callahan, Cleaver, Crowell, Dickeson,
Doughtv, Fisher,Green, Harrison, Heulings, Horner,
Irick, Jarrard, Jenkins Kennedy, Lake, Landeli,
Lathrop, Lighthipe, Ludlam, Mooie, Nicholson,
Nixon, Pcddie, Reeves, Robison, Scovcl, Staats,
Stockton, Van Wagoner, Ware, Wilson—40.
So'fcaid resolution was adopted.
Mr. Jenkins moved that tho joint meeting do now
ad.ioum sin^dic.
Upon which the yeas and nays were taken, with the
following result:
In the affirmative, were Alessrs. Abbott, N. S., Ac-
ton, Bates, Bcesley,Birdsall,Blauveit,Bodine,Brinck,
Buckley,Callahan,Cleaver, Crowell, Dickcson, Fisher,
Green, Harrison, ilculings. Iiorncr, Irick, jarrard,
Jenkins, Kennedy, Lake. Landcll, Lathrop, Light-
hipe, Ludlam, Aloorc, Nieholson, Nixon, Pcddie.
Reeves, Robison, Scovcl, Staats, Stockton, Van Wag-
oner, Ware, Wilson, Wright—40.
In tho negative, were Alessrs. Abbett, L., Allen,
Anderson, Boss, Broking, Chandler, Corey, Coriell,
Culver, Domarest, Doucchty, Doughcrtv, Duryea, Ed-
sall, Goble, Haring, Hoagiand, Hoffman, Holmes,
Holsman, Iliff, W. J., Iliff, W. Al., I£>arne y, Kinter,
Little, Alartin, Randolph, Robius, Schcnck, Scud-
dcr, Hciffcrt, Stillc, Taylor, Trcadwell, Trusdcll, Van
Buskirk, Van Vorst, Wcart, Willever, Wurts, Young
—41.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Air. Ilolsman moved that thojoint meeting do now
proceed to the election of United States Senator.
Which was agreed to.
Whereupon Mr. Ilolsman nominated Hon. John P.
Stockton, of the county of Merecr.
Mr. Kennedy nominated Hon. James W. Wall, of
the county of Burlington.
Air. Doughty nominated Hon. Peter D.Vroom, of
the county of Mercer.
Air. Jenkins nominated Hon. Henry S. Little, of
the county of Monmouth.
Mr.Scovcl nominated lion. I'.T.Frclinghuysen, of
the county of Essex.
Mr. Ludlam nominated Hon. JohnC. Ten Eyck, of
the county of Bmluigton.
Mr. Little declined being a candidate, and desired
his name witln^iwn.
Under the direction of tlie chaiiman.thc secretary
called (he joint meeting, resulting as follows:
For John P. Stockton, were Messrs. Abbett, L„ Al-
len, Andcison, Bo.-s, Broking. Chandler, Corej;, Cor-
iell, Culvei, 3>cmaro?i, Dougherty, Duryea, Edsall,
Goble. Having. Iloagland, Hoffman, Holmes, Hols-
man, Iiiff, W. J., liiii, W. M., Kearney, Kinter, Lit-
tle, Martin, Randolph. Ilobins, Sehenck, Scuddcr,
Seiffcrt, Stille, Tavlor, Troedwcll, Tru«dell. Van Bus-
kirk, Van Vorst, Wcart, Willever, Wurts, Young—40.
For John C. Ton i'Jyck, were Messrs. Abbott, IN.
Acton, Bates, BceMey, Birdcall, Blauveit, Boo me,
Brinck, Buckley, Callahan, Cleaver, Crowell, Dic c-
son.'Staats/ Stockton, Van Wagoner, Ware, Wilson,
Wricht—37.
For James W. Wall, was Mr. Kennedy—1.
For Peter D. Vroom, was Jlr. Doushty—1.
For F. T. Frolinshuysen, was Mr. Scovcl—1.
For llonry S. Little, was Mr. Jenkins—1.
Hon. John P. Stockton bavins received a plurality
of all the sotcs cast, was declared daly eketedUnited
States Senator for the term of six years from the 4lii
dav of March instant. «
After appointing several Stale officers,
Mr. Holsman moved that the joint mooting do now
rise. WhieB was agrood to.
Attest: JOHN IT. MEEKER,
Secretary of the Joint Mectinff.
