1866.
THE CON"(xRESSKMAL GLOBE.
m
also upon the rules of sound governmental
policy.
Mr. TRUMT^JLL. Mr. President, I was in
hopes that we might have come to a vote at an
earlier hour than this, but inasmuch as several
objections have been recently stated to the bill
which were not urged before, I trust I shall be
pardoned for occupying the attention of the
Senate a very few minutes, and a few minutes
only.
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Guthrie]
has made a very candid ai*d considerate speech
in reference to this bill, placing his objections
to it upon the ground of policy; and some of
its features he thinks also are not constitutional.
If all the people of this country were like the
Senator from Kentucky, there would be no oc-
casion for this bill. He says that when slavery
was abolished the slave codes in connection with
it were abolished, and that ho will advise the
people of Kentucky to extend the same civil
rights to the black population that the white
population have. Ho believes that they are
entitled to them. Now, sir, that is all that is
provided for by the first section of this bill; be
then can have no objection to the first section
of the bill, for it simply provides that all the
inhabitants of the United Slates shall be enti-
tled to the same civil rights. That meets the
view of the Senator from Kentucky. Why does
he object, to it? He objects to it because he says
the States will do this. I answer to him that if
everybody was of the same opinion that he is,
and would act upon it, the States would do it,
and there would be no occasion for the passage
of the bill; but my friend from Massachusetts
[Mr. Wilson] has just cited the attention of the
Senate to laws passed in half a dozen of the re-
bellious States under their recent organizations,
in which they have discriminated a'gainst the
negro on account of his color; so that all per-
sons will not do what the Senator from Ken-
tucky says they ought to.
Then what is our duty? Agreeing as I do
with him that all slave codes fall with slavery,
that it is the duty of the States to wipe out all
those laws which disciiminate against peisons
who have been slaves, yet if they will no), do it,
and Congress has authority to do it under the
constitutional amendment, is it iiot incumbent
on us to carry out that provision of the Consti-
tution? That is all wo propose to do.
The second section of this bill merely pun-
ishes persons who violate what it is admitted
they ought not to violate. It does seem tome
tliat there can be 110 objection to the passage
of such a law by Congress on the part of any
one who admits that negroes are now entitled
to the same rights os white people; and not"
only that there can be no objection to it but
that there is a po.-itive duty upon us to pass such
a law if we find discriminations still adhered to
in the States where slavery has recently existed.
The Senator from Indiana [Mr. Hendricks]-
objects to the bill because he says that the same
provisions which were enacted in the old fugi-
tive slave law are incorporated into this, and
that it lias been hsralded to the country that
it was a great achievement to do this, and h^
insists that if those provisions of law were odious
and wicked and wrong which provided for pun-
ishing men for aiding the slave to escape, there-
fore they must be wicked and wrong now when
they are employed for the punishing a man
who undertakes to put a person into slavery.
Sir, that does not follow at all. A law may be
iniquitous and unjust and wrong which under-
takes to punish another for doing an innocent
act. which would be righteous and just and
proper to punish a man for doing a wicked act.
Wo have upon our statute-books a law punish-
ing a man who commits murder, because the
commission of murder is a high crime, and the
party who does it forfeits his right to live; but
would it bo just to apply the law which punishes
a person for committing murder to an innocent
person who had killed another accidentally,
without malice? That is the difference. It is
the difference between right and wrong, between
good and evil. True, the features of the fugi-
tive slave law were abominable when they were
used for the purpose of punishing, not negroes
as the Senator from Indiana says, but white
men. The fugitive slave law was enacted for
the. purpose of punishing white men who aided
to give the natural gift of liberty to those who
were enslaved. Now, sir, we propose to use
the provisions of the fugitive slave law for the
purpose of punishing those who deny freedom,
not those who seek to aid persons to escape to
freedom. The ditference was too clearly pointed
out by the colleague of the Senator [Mr. Laxe]
to justify me in taking further time in alluding
to it.
But the Senator objects to this bill because
it authorizes the calling in of the military; and
he asserts that it is the only law in which the
(military is brought in to enforce it. The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cowan] follows
this up with a half hour's speech, denouncing
this law as obnoxious to the objection that it is
a military law, that it is taking trial of persons
for offenses out of the hands of the courts and
placing them under the military—a monstrous
proposition, he says. Is that so? What is the
law? The first section provides, as I said, for
securing equal civil rights to all persons. He
has 110 objeetion to that. [Mr. Wade. Yes. he
has.] No; I do not understand him to object
to that. Ho thinks they are all entitled to equal
civil rights.
Mr. COWAN. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator says, as I
understand him, that nobody has denied that.
The second section of this bill provides for the
punishment of those who do deny it. Has the
Senator from Pennsylvania any objection to
that?
Mr. COWAN. Not when it is done in the
right way.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not when it is done
through the courts? All the rest of the bill
provides for doing it through the courts, in no
other way. It is a court bill; it is to be exe-
cuted through the courts, and in no other way.
But does the Senator mean to say it is a mili-
tary bill because the military may be called 111
in aid of the execution of the law through the
courts? Does the Senator from Pennsylvania
—I should like his attention, and that of the
Senator from Indiana, too—deny the authority
to call in tho military in aid of the execution of
the law through the courts?
Mr. HENDRICKS, if the Senator will allow
me, I wish to ask him a question. The pre-
ventive power of tho court is exercised by tho
writ of injunction. Now 1 want, to know of the
Senator what he means m this bill by conferring
upon the military the authority, to prevent a
violation of this law. Is that in aid of a court,
before there is any violation, and before a case
can come before a court?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I mean, Mr. President,
Ithat the militia and tho military may be called
out whenever there is a combination of persons
in any of the rebellious States so powerful that
the marshals and civil officers in the ordinary
course of judicial proceedings cannot execute
tho law. 1 mean that the military may be
called upon at that time. I mean that when-
ever there shall be a combination there to pro-
tect a man who has violated this law, and the
marshal is driven off, he may call a file of sol-
diers to go with him'and seize the individual
'who sets at defiance tho process of the court.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator does not
in that combat any position that 1 assumed. I
admitted that when the execution of process of
the lawwas resisted by a combination of people,
that insurrection, for the time being, might be
put down by the military power of the Govern-
ment. I said so. Now! repeat the question,
what is meant in this bill by the preventive :
power of the military? Before a crimo is eoni-
mitted, before a wrong is done under this bill,
the President, or any person whom he may ap-
point, may call in the military power of the
Government to prevent a crimo. How is that i
in aid of the courts of the country?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes. sir; that is in aid
| of the execution of this law. Let me road a
i clause from the Constitution which seems to
have been forgotten by the Senator from Penn-
sylvania and the Senator from Indiana. The
Senator from Pennsylvania, who has denounced
this law, has been living nnd«r just-such a law
for thirty years, and it seems never found it eut.
What says the Constitution?
" Congress shall have power to provide for calling
forth the militia to exeeuto the laws-of theUnion."
Then cannot the militia prevent persons from
violating the law? They are authorized b'y the
Constitution to be called out for the purposed?
executing the law, and here we have a lawthat
is to be carried into execution, and when yon
find persons combined together to prevent its
execution, you cannot do anything with them!
' Suppose that the county authorities in Musco-
gee county, Georgia, combine together to deny
civil rights to every colored man in that county.)
For the purpose of preventing it, before they
have done any act, I say the militia may be called
out to prevent them from committing an act.
We are not required to wait until the actis com-
mit ted before anything can be done. That was
the doctrine that led to this rebellion, that we
had no authority to do anything till the conflict
of arfris came. I believed then in I860 that we
had authority, and if it had been properly ex-
ercised ; if the men who were threatening re-
bellion, who were in this Chamber, defying the
authority of the Government, had been arrested
for treason, of which, in my judgment, by set-
ting on foot armed expeditions against the coun-
try, they were guilty; and if they had been tried
and punished and executed for the crime, I
doubt whether this great rebellion would ever
have taken place.
Under that clause of the Constitution which
authorizes Congress to provide for the calling
forth of the militia to execute the laws of the
U nion, Congress at an early periodofour history
passed this act;
"That whenevcrtbelawsof the United States shall
be opposed, or the execution thereof obstructed, in
any State, by combinations too powerful to be sup-
pressed by the oidmary course of judicial proceed-
ings, or by the powers vested in the marshals by this
act, it shall be lawful for the President of the United
Suites to call forth tho militia of such State, or of any
oilier State or States, as may be necessary to suppress
such combinations, and to cause the laws to be duly
executed ; and the use of militiaeo to be called forth
may be continued, if necessary, until the expiration
of thirty days after tho commencement of the then
next session of Congress."
The militia, it will be seen, may be called
forth to cause tho laws to be duly executed;
that is, to prevent persons from preventing
their execution; and a subsequent statute of
the United States authorizes the Army and the
Navy to be used wherever the militia may be
used. There is another statute, to which 1 beg
leave to call the attention of the Senator from
Pennsylvania, and under which he has lived
• for thirty years without ever having known it;
and his rights have been fully protected. I
wish to call attention to a section from which
the tenth section of the bill under considera-
tion, at which the Senator from Indiana, is so
horrified, is copied, word for word, and letter
for letter. The act of March 10, 1836, ''sup-
plementary to an act entitled 'An act in addi-
tion to the act for the punishment of certain
crimes against the U~nited States, and to repeal
the acts therein mentioned,' approved 20th of
April, Iftf8,'' contains the very section that
is in this bill, word for word.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Read it. What is the
subject-matter of the act?
Mr. HENDERSON. It is on the subject of
revenue.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Tt relates to the collec-
tion of the revenue, I believe; and it contains
this section:
" Tb at itshall be lawful for th c President of the U ni-
ter! States, or such person as lie may empower for that
purpose, to employ such part of the land or naval
forces of the United Slates, or of the militia, as shall
be necessary to prevent the violation and to enforce
the due execution of this act, and the act hereby
amended."
Mr. FESSENDEN. That was passed under
a good Democratic Administration.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes. sir, passed in 1838,
and appioved !>v Martin Van Buren.
Mr. FESSENDEN. A good precedent.
