1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
3589
effect of the amendment proposed by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr, Stevens] is
correct. I have examined the amendment and
the laws of 1862 and 1864, and it seems to me
the necessary legal effect of the amendment of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania is to make
a new grant of lands from the hundredth me-
ridian west to the pomt where this Union Pa-
cific railroad, eastern division, connects with
the other; and not only a grant of land, but a
new subsidy of money. I ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania whether that is not the effect.
Mr. STEVENS. There is not one word
that would countenance such a construction.
Mr. BOUIWELL. I cannot come to any
other conclusion.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I have no doubt,
as I have already said, that the construction
placed on the amendment of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts is the true one ; that it does make a
new grant of lands without limitation except
as to mineral lands, and that it does make a
second issue of bonds on the entire line of the
road. That is the effect of the provisions of
the amendment of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania. I ask that the original understand-
ing may be carried out, and that is the purpose
of the bill I have presented. I demand the
previous question.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I have not time.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman could not
hear my suggestion this morning on account
of the noise.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I insist on my
demand for the previous question.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope it will not be sec-
onded.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
51, noes 4*2.
Mr. BINGHAM demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered.
The question recurred on Mr. Stevens's sub-
stitute.
Mr. STEVENS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered. _ •
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 71, nays 07, not vot-
ing 44 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ancon a, Anderson. Delos R.Ashley,
Barker, Benjamin, Bingham. Blow.Boyer.Bromwell,
Buckland, Bundy, Reader W.Clarke.Coffroth.Cullom,
Dawson, Delano, Eckley, Eggleston, Fmck, (jarucld,
Glos=brenner. (Jridcr, Aaron Harding. Harris, Hayes,
Henderson, Higby, Hogan,IIotchkiss,ChestfcrD;Hub-
bard Demas Hubbard, James it. Hubbell, Johnson,
Kcllcy, Kerr, Ucorge T. Lawrence, William Law-
rence, Lo Blond. Marvin, McKee, McRuer, Mercur,
Miller, Moorhead, Niblack, Noell, O'Neill, Phelps,
Plants, Samuel J. Randall, Bitter, Rousseau,Sell enck,
Siianklin, Snellabarger, Stevens, Stilwell. Strouse.
Thayci, frauds Thomas, John L. Thomas, Trimble,
Upson, Robert T. Van Horn, Henry D. Washburn,
Wpiker, Whaley, Williams, Stephen J?. Wilson, and
Wintield—71.   , „ , ~ ,.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Baker, Bald-
win, Banks, Baxter, Bidwell, Boutwcll, Brandegee,
Cobb, Cook, Davis, Dawes, Dodge. Briggs, Eldridge,
Eliot, Farquiiar, Halo, Abncr C. Harding, Hart,
Holmes, Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard, J'olin 11. Hub-
baid, Hulburd, Humphrey, Ingorsoll, Julian, Ivet-
cham, Kuykendall, Laflm. Latham, Loan, Longyear,
Marston, Moml.1, Morris, Moulton, Orth, Paine,! at-
torson, Perliam, Pike, Pomeroy, Price, Radford, Wil-
liam 11. Randall, Raymond, Alexander H. Rifie, •johii
H. ilioo, Rogers, Rollins, Ross, Sawyer, bcofielu,
Spalding, Tabor, Taylor, Trowbridge, Ward, fthhu
B. Washburne, "William B. Washburn, Wentworth,
James V. Wilson, and Windom—67.
NOT VOTING—Messrs- JamesM. Ashley, Beaman,
Bergeif, Blaine, Broomall, Clianler, Sidney Claike,
Conkliug, Culver, Darling, Defrees, Doming, T)em-
son, Dixon, Donnelly, Dumont, Earnsworth, Ferry,
Goodyear, Grinneil, Griswold, Hill, Edwin N. Hub-
bell, J-enckes, Jones, Kasson, Kelso, Lynch, Mar-
shall McClur?, McCulloch, Mclndoc, Newell, Nich-
olson, Sitgrcaves, Sloan, Smith, Sfcarr, Thornton,
Van Aernam, "Burt Van Horn, Warner, Woodbndge,
and Wright—14.
So the substitute was agreed to.
Baring the vote,
Mr. TROWBRIDGE statedthat Ins col-
league, Mr. Beamax, was detained from the
House by illness.
TUe-vot'e was then announced as above
corded.
Mr; RICE, of Maine, moved that the bill be
laid upon the table.
Mr. ALLISON demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 123, nays 11, not voting
48; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Ancona,An-
deison, Baker, Baldwin', Bankb, Barker, Baxter, Bid-
well, Bingham. Blow, BouUvell, Boyer. Brandegee,
Bundy,Reader W.Clarke,Cobb, Ooffroth, Cook,Cul-
lom, Davis, Dawes. Dawson, Delano, Dixon, Dodge,
Driggs, Eldridge. Eliot, l?arquhar,Ferry, Finck,G-loss-
brenner.Grider, Grinnell, Hale, Aaron Harding,Hart,
Hayes. Henderson, Hognn, Holmes, Hotehkiss, Asa-
liel W*. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, J ohn H. Hubbard,
Hulburd, Humphrey, Julian, Kcllcy, Kelso, Kerr,
Ketcham, Kuykendall, Lallin, Latham, George V.
Lawrence/Wjlliam Lawrence, Le Blond, Loan, Long-
year, Marston, Marvin, McKee, MeRuor, Morcur,
Miller, Moorhead, Morris, Moulton, Myers, Niblack,
Noell, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham, Whelps, Pike,
Plants, Price, Radfoid, Samuel J. Randall, William
H. Randall, Raymond, Alexander H. Rice, John H.
Rke, Ritter, Rogers,Rollins, Ross, Rousseau, Sawyer,
Schenck,Scofield, Shanklm, Shollabargcr, Spalding,
Stev.cns, Stilwell, Strouse, Tabor, Taylor, Thayor,
Francis Thomas. John L. Thomas, Trowbridge, Up-
son, Burt Van Horn, Ward, Elihu B. Washburne, j
Willi am B.Washburn, Welkor, W ontworlh, Whaley,
Williams, .Jamc Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Win-
dom. Winfield, and Woodbridse—-123.
NAYS—Messrs. Delos R. Ashley, Benjamin, Bront-
well, Buckland. Eckley, JSggleston, Higby, Jameslt.
Ifubbell. Morrill, Patterson, and Pomeroy—11.
NOT VOTING^-Messrs. James M.Ashley, Beaman,
Bergen, Bjaine, Broomall. Chanlcr, Sidney Claike,
Conkling, Culver, Darling, Defrees, Deming, Denison,
Donnelly, Dumont. Farnsworth. Gai field, Goodyear,
Griswold. Abner C. Harding, Harris, Hill, Hooper,
Chester D. Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, Ingorsoll,
Jenckes, Johnson, Jones, Kasson. Lynch. Marshall,
MeClurg.McCullough, Mclndoe, Newell, Nicholson,
Sitgrcaves, Sloan, Smith, Starr, Thornton, Trimble,
Van Aernam, Robert T. Van Horn, Warner, Henry
D.Washburn,and Wright—48.
So the bill was laid upon the table.
During the vote,
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, said: My
colleague, Mr. Bkoomai.l, is detained at. home
by sickness, and telegraphed me that he desired
me to make this statement to the House.
Mr. DAVIS said: My colleague, Mr. Conk-
uxii, is absent from the city in consequence of
the sickness of a member of his family, and will
be absent for some time.
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded,
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by whfbh the bill was laid upon the tabic; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FHOJI THE SEXATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin,
one of their Clerks, informed the House that
the Senate had passed a joint resolution (S. R.
No. 121) providing for the examination of the
accounts of the State of Massachusetts for
moneys expended during the war for coast
defenses, in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House.
AKMT APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to present a report.
from the committee of conference on the Army
appropriation bill. 1 ask that the report be
read, and then I will briefly state the points of
difference and what has been agreed to.
The Clerk read tlie report, as follows :
The committee of conference on tlie disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (H. B.. No. 1271 makinor appropriations for the sup-
port of the Army for the year ending tho 30th of June,
18b7, having met, alter lull and free conference have
agreed to recommend, and do recommend, to then'
respective Houses as follows:
That the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the second, third, and tenth
amendments of the Senate, and agree to the satne.
That the Senate recede from its sixth amendment.
That the Senate recede from its disagreement to
the amendment of the House to the fourth amend-
ment of the Senate, and agree to the same.
That the Senate agree to the amendment of the
House to the fifth amendment of the Senate, with
an amendment, as follows: insert in lieu of the words
stricken out of said Senate amendment by the House
the following words: "and in advertising for Army
supplies the quartermaster's department shall re-
quire all articles which are to be used in the States
and Territories of the Pacific coast to be delivered
and inspected at points designated in those States
and Territories, and tho advenisementsforsuehsup-
plies shall bo published in newspapers in the cities
of San Francisco, in California, and Portland, m
Oregon*" atfd the'House'agree to the=eame.
That the House recede from their disagreement; to
the seventh amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with the following amendment: in line
eight- of- said amendment, after the word' "shall,"
insert the following words: "in time of peace."
That the House recede from their disagi cement to
the eighth amendment of the Senate, and agree'to
the same, with an amendment, as follows: strike out
all of said amendment and insert in lieu thereof the
following: "Sec.—. And be it further enacted. That the
Superintendent of the United States Military Acad-
emy may hereafter be selected, and the officers on
duty at that institution detailed, from any arm of the
service; and the supervision and charge of the Acad-
emy shall be in the War Department, under such offi-
cer or officers as the Secretary of War may assign to
thatdutyand the Senate agree to tha same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the ninth amendment of the Senate and agree to the
same -with an amendment as follows: strike out all
of said Senate amendment and insert in lieu thereof
the following: "Sec. —. And be it further enacted,
That when it is necessary to employ soldiers as arti-
ficers or laborers in the construction of permanent
military works, public roads, or other constant labor
of not less than ten days' duration in any case, they
shall receive, in addition to their regular pay. the
following additional compensation therefor: enlisted
men working as artificers, and non-commissioned
officers employed as overseers of such work, not ex-
ceeding one overseer for every twenty men, thirty-
five cents per day, and enlisted men employed as la-
borers twenty cents per day: but such working parties
s-hall only be authorized on tho written order of a,
< ormnanding officer. This allowance of extra pay is
notto apply to the troops of the engineer and ordnance
departmentsand the Senate agree to the same..
JOHN SHERMAN,
HENRY WILSON,
RICHARD YATES.
Managers on the part of the Senate.
ROBERT C. SCHENCK,
W. 13. NIBLACK, _
M. RUSSELL THAYER,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I will, as I
promised, very briefly explain the result of this
conference to the House. It will be observed
that the House recedes, through its conferees,
from the second, third, and tenth amendments.
The second amendment is that which pro-
posed as an addition to the Army appropria-
tion bill a provision that suits shall be brought
against the Illinois Central Railroad Company
to recover back what sums may have been paid
for the transportation of trdops and munitions
of war.
Sir, the House is familiar with this question.
After full conference, the managers upon the
part of the House became thoroughly satisfied
that no appropriation bill with a provision of
this kind in it could possibly pass the Senate,
and that, instead of receding in any degree from
the position which has for the last year or more
been taken by the Senate, they have only been
confirmed in it by arguments drawn by the char-
acter of the appropriation of lands made for
canal purposes to the State of Illinois, finding
that the bill granting lands to the Illinois Cen-
tral railroad is buta transcript of the provisions
of that canal bill. I will not, however, go into
any argument upon the subject. As I said be-
fore, it has been fully discussed in this House
and has been a point of controversy for a long
time between the Senate and the House, and
the managers on the part of the House were
satisfied that if that provision is ever to prevail
and become a law, it must be as a separate en-
actment and not as part of an appropriation
bill. They therefore recommend the House
not to keep the question open upon an appro:
priation bill, but to recede from the amendment
in the form in which it is presented as attaehed
to an appropriation bill. The third amendment
from whidli the House recedes is an appropria-
tion introduced by the Senate for the construc-
tion of fire-proof store-houses at the arsenal at
Philadelphia. This had not been agreed to by
the Committee on Appropriations of the House,
, nor by the House, as the conferees were satis-
j fied, for the want of that fall information of the
! necessity of such an appropriation which had
! been laid before the Senate committee, and
! the managers on the part of the Senate reeom-
! mended that we should recede from that amend-
: ment.
I They also recede from the amendment which
I increases the mileage to officers of the Army to
! ten cents per mile instead of six cents. This
; they might very safely do, because the House
i has already twice passed upon that subject—in
