2630
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
mere bagatelle compared with the whole
amount of taxation derived from_ thia branch
of business. The object of requiring a license
to be taken by distillers corresponds with the
"object of requiring a license for the manufac-
ture of cigars. The purpose is that the offi-
cers of the Government may know who are
engaged in distilling, so that they may re-
quire proper returns. If we induce every dis-
tiller to take out a license then the officers of
the Government have a clue as to who are
manufacturing whisky. But if the amount of
license be fixed at $1,000 not one in twenty
of these distillers will take out a license. The
majority will prefer to risk the chances of
being detected in the illicit manufacture, and
the Government 'officers will not have the
means of tracing them which they have when
licenses are taken out.
Besides that, sir, there are all over the
country very small distilleries, making per-
haps twenty-five gallons a day, They cannot
afford to pay a large license.
There are in several parts of the country
small distilleries running out perhaps in the
course of a year from four hundred to five hun-
dred gallons. Now twenty-five dollars license
and then raising the tax on the distilled article
is, I think, a great deal. After all, the revenue
to the Government comes from the tax on the
distilled article.
My friend from Illinois, [Mr. IsoHnsoLL,]
represents larger operations than those I have
referred to. lie represents men who distill a
thousand gallons a day. What is a thousand dol-
lars to them if they can crush out all other dis-
tilleries than those at Peoria? What is a thou-
sand dollars to them iti comparison to the enor-
mous profits which they are enabled to make?
I am sure the gentleman would be glad to
have the monopoly confined to Peoria. They
have had the monopoly there this year. I also
understand that a great many of them there
wore caught in attempts to defraud the Gov-
ernment.
I am in favorof leaving the license at twenty-
five dollars, and not increasing it as is proposed
to fifty dollars.
I agree with the gentleman that down South
there may be thousands of gallons distilled
which do not pay tax to the Government. It
is I suppose because the Government cannot
find loyal men enough to take the oath and
support11 my policy.'' [Laughter. ] I am told
that one half of the whisky in the United States
is now made in the southern States.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. Mr. Chairman, I rise
to oppose the amendment. I have no sympa-
thy with the large distilleries in Peoria or the
small distilleries in Pennsylvania. I believe
the distilleries in Peoria and elsewhere are gen-
erally carried on by Democrats. Of course
they support "my policy" as it is termed.
But, sir, I am looking at the interests of the
revenue of this Government. 1 desire to state
here in regard to the administration of the
revenue law as it is applicable to the manufac-
ture of whisky, that in the large distilleries the
collector appoints what is called an inspector
whose duty it is to remain there night and day
if necessary to watch and supervise operations,
and to see that they return the exact number
of gallons that is manufactured.
_Mr. STEVENS. That is the way they do
with the distilleries in my county, but they found
three of these inspectors who received $5,000
a year each from these distilleries for the pur-
pose, I suppose, of watching. [Laughter. 1
Mr. ING-ERSOLL. I presume that is so.
Of course you will fiud here and there afraudu-
lent agent. But, sir, if you do not watch these
distilleries, I will guaranty you will get but
little revenue. _ If you employ honest men, the
Government will gel its proper revenue.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania says that
it is not the license that goes to make up the
amount of the revenue, but the tax on tlje
article. I am aware of that; but in order to
get that tax you must have the manufacture of
whisky, to a certain extent, under the control
of the Government. If you do not, as I have
said, you will get but little revenue. The small
distilleries in Pennsylvania, Kentucky, or any-
where else, paying a license of twenty-five
dollars, and having no one to supervise them,
may return only one barrel on which the tax is
paid, and will sell as many other barrels of whisky
on which no tax is paid. They may make $100
profit each day, and I have no doubt many of
them do, from illicit traffic in this article. The
Government, of course, gets nothing in the way
of tax on this contraband whisky. You can-
not detect them, because you have no one there
to watch them. If you put up the license to
$1,000, and have an agent in every distillery,
together with severe penalties for violation of
the law, I have no doubt the Government will
secure the collection of the tax.
I am speaking in the interest of the revenue,
and not in the interest of the manufacturer,
whether he be a large one or a small one. I
ask whether twenty-five millions is an adequate
revenue from this source. It ought to be
eighty millions.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENS. I withdraw my amendment
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I will
renew the amendment simply for the purpose
of calling attention to the thirty-third section
on page 155 of this bill, where it is required
that an inspector shall be appointed for every
distillery established according to law.
1 concur with the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania that the object to be secured by having
the rate of special tax a smaller sum is to in-
duce everybody who distilled to come and pay
for a license. With a tax of $1,000 it is cer-
tain the small distiller would not and could
not pay it. Then I think there will be more
fraud in the large distilleries than the small
ones. If I am not mistaken, in the neighbor-
hood of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Ix-
gersoll,] among the largest distilleries there
were found some heavy frauds.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will state how that is,
because I wish to defend every manufacturer
from any unjust imputation on his character.
Within my knowledge in the Peoria district, so
far as the manufacturers are concerned, I think
there is but one house that has ever had any
charge preferred against it for any fraud, large
or small, upon the revenue connected with the
manufacture of whisky. That is the only ease
that I am aware of in the fifth district.
Mr. STEVENS. What was the amount of
the fraud ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I think the amount of
the whisky alleged to have been made in fraud
of the revenue law was between four and five
hundred barrels.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I do not
mean to charge fraud upon the gentleman's
district; but I know that in Illinois there have
been large frauds committed.
Mr. MORRILL. It is evident that in regard
to the policy of having a high ot low tax on the
business of distilling liquors, there is a wide
difference of opinion among members of the
House. The revenue commission have reported
a bill for our action, adopting the policy some-
what of England, that is, of confining the busi-
ness to a few large distilleries. But in this
country, I think, where the business is already
established—and there is a large amount of
property invested all over the country in small
distilleries—it would be rather hard to suddenly
adopt a policy that would crush the business of
these men and destroy their property without
notice.
I am willing for one to go to some extent on
that line of policy. I believe that in the end
we may find it to be the only policy by which
we can squeeze out of this manufacture the
large amount of tribute that evidently is in-
tended to be done not only by the people but by
Congress. With that view the committee have
raised the amount of special tax from fifty dol-
lars to $100. I believe that is as far as we ought
to go now, and it is a just compromise between
the conflicting opinions that undoubtedly now
prevail.
In another part of the paragraph it will be
"founjl that a less rate is imposed upon those
who distill apple brandy or apple jack where
the amount is less than one hundred and fifty
barrels a year.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted
and the amendment is withdrawn.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I do not
withdraw it. I insist upon a vote.
Mr. PAINE. I rise to a point of order. Has
not this precise amendment once been voted
down?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] withdrew it,
and the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Hooper] renewed it.
Mr. PAINE. The House voted down the
amendment of Mr. Stevens, I believe, and
then he informed the House that he with-
drew it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair did not an-
nounce the result when the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] rose and stated
that he withdrew it.
Mr. P^INE. There was a vote upon it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not sus-
tain the point of order, inasmuch as the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania withdrew the amend-
ment before the Chair announced the vote. The
same amendment is now offered by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hooper.] No
further debate is in order upon it.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment
offered by Mr. Ijjgeesoll to strike out "$100"
and insert " $1,000."
Mr. HENDERSON. Are remarks in order
on that amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order.
The gentleman can move pro forma, to strike
out "one thousand" ana insert "two hun-
dred."
Mr. HENDERSON. Very well. I move
to insert "eleven hundred." I was going to
renew the motion to insert "fifty," with a view
of stating, not that I was in favor of reducing
it to fifty dollars, but that 1 was in favor of
the amendment of my friend from Illinois,
[Mr. Ixcehpoll.] I think the first business
of the Government is to so adjust the tax as to
have as little distillation as possible, and to
make as much profit as possible out of what
is manufactured ; the least possible amount of
liquor with the greatest possible revenue from it.
Now, I cannot understand how it is that a
thousand-dollar tax will increase the distillation
of liquor. That is to my mind very strange. I
have heard it stated here by several gentlemen
that by thus increasing the amount of tax you
will increase the number of distilleries. If it is
so, and they all pay their tax, we certainly will
get more revenue. But I am impressed with the
belief that it will not have the effect to increase
the number of distilleries; that is to say, if the'
Government is able to enforce the laws which
it makes. I do not believe that the Govern-
ment has come to that point that it cannot
enforce its laws, and consequently I am fully
satisfied that the high tax, with vigilant prose-
cution of the laws, will reduce the number of
distilleries, and at the same time increase the
amount of the revenue. My principle would
be to reduce the amount of liquor and increase
the revenue.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HENDERSON. I withdraw the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. LAFLIN. I move to strike out "one
thousand" and insert "twelve hundred."
I was very glad indeed to hear the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means assert
that the revenue commission, in making thei*
propositions of amendment to the revenue
laws, had endeavored, as" far as possible, to
follow the example set by England. As was
remarked by the chairman of the committee
when he first introduced this bill, this subject
of internal revenue is an entirely new one with
us, and I commend to the judgment of this
House whether it is not for our interest to fol-
