THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
Mr. TRUMBULL. It did not horrify the
country; it did not destroy all the liberties of
the people; it did not consolidate all the pow-
ers of the Constitution in the Federal Govern-
ment; it did not overthrow all the courts, and
it has existed now for nearly_ thirty years!
What becomes of all this objection?
• Mr. HOWARD. And it did not take the
place of a writ of error.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, it did not take tjie
place of a writ of error; the courts still exist.
Now, is it not absurd, preposterous, and unjust
to denounce this law as talcing from the courts
their jurisdiction? It does no such thing. It
is in aid of the exercise of the powers of the
courts; it is to clothe the courts with authority to
carry into execution the writs they issue, the
judgments they give. That is all there is of it.
It is no new provision, no unheard-of thing.
There is a precedent for it in the acts of Con-
gress verbatim, and the authority is expressly
given in the Constitution of the United States.
Now, sir, I cannot take time to reply in de-
tail to every one of these objections as they are
made. I am desirous to get a vote on this bill;
we expected to get a vote to-day, before this
hour; but I have felt compelled, when these
questions- are persistently urged upon the Sen-
ate and these perversions of the bill are at-
tempted to be impressed upon the country, to
correct some of them; and if I do not correct
others itis not because I suppose they are not un-
founded, but because at this hour of the day I
think, with the corrections I have made, the
country itself will make the corrections of the
other misstatements or misapprehensions of
the bill.
Mr. SAULSBURY. It is not my purpose to
continue the debate, but 1 think I maybe par-
doned for making a suggestion. When Amer-
ican liberty is to bo subverted, when the whole
character of our Federal existence is to bo
changed, when a republican form of govern-
ment, is to be changed into a consolidated des-
potism, I think we ought to have the opportu-
nity to think a little when we come to pass an
act that is to convert this free republican form
of government iqto an absolute despotism; we
ought to retire to our chambers and deliberate.
Therefore, sir, without any desire, without any
intention to mingle in this debate, I appeal to
the honorable gentleman who has this bill in
charge not to take the vote to-night. Let. us re-
tire to our chambers, and, after the words—the
eloquent., warning words of the able and the dis-
tinguished Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Guth-
rie,] who now is a link between the past and
the present—let us go home, and if the fatal
deed is to be done, let it bo done to-morrow. I
therefore move that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. IIowu.)
The question is on the amendment offered by
the Senator from Indiana, to strike out the
tenth section of the bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. On that amendment I
ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered : and being
taken, resulted—yeas 12, nays 3-1; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalow, Cowan, "Davis Cuthrie,
Ilcndrieks, MeDougall, Ncsmith, Norton, Kiddle,
Saulsbury, iH'.nekton, anil Von Winkle—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Chandler, Clark,
Conness. Cragm. Dixon, Doolittle, Fe^senden, Foot,
Foster, Harris, Henderson, Howard,Howe, Kirkwood,
Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas Morgan, Momll,
Nye, Poland, Pomeroy, ILam^ey, Siienn:.n- Spraeaie,
Stewart, Sumner, Trumbull. W de, WiUey,Williams,
W llson, andY ates—34.
ABSKNT—Messrs. Creswell, Grimes, Johnson, and
W right—4.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is due to myself and
to the Senator from Illinois that I should say
that the act from which ho read was an act to
prevent the organization and equipment of mili-
tary expeditions upon our shores against fcrreign
Powers with which we are at peace. It was a
military law. My statement was that no prece-
dent of a provision like that contained in the
tenth section of this bill is to be found in anv
law regulating the civil rights of the people.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment offered by the
Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis.]
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SAULSBURY. 1 move to amend the
bill in the second line of the first section by
adding after the words '' civil rights'' the words
"except, the right to vote in the States."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will only say in refer-
ence to that matter, that that is a political priv-
ilege, not a civil right. This bill relates to civil
rights only, and I do not want to bring up the
question of negro suffrage in the bill. I hope
the Senator will not persist in any such amend-
ment.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I want to test that very
fact. I may be mistaken, but for twenty years
I have had to use the law as an instrument, as
the workman uses his instruments, to make a
living, and I do hold that under the words
"civil rights'' the power to vote is given, be-
cause it is a civil right. The honorable chair-
man of the Judiciary Committee who has this
bill under charge says he does not mean to
confer that right. His meaning cannot control
the operation or the effect of this law, if the
bill shall become a law. I believe that if this
bill is enacted into a law your judges in most
of the States will determine that under these
words the power of voting is given. The hon-
orable Senator cited an authority the other day,
from Maryland I think it was, in which it was
decided that that right was conferred after dom-
icile had been acquired according to the laws
of the State. Sir, 1 wish to exclude that very
idea; and if you do not mean to confer that
power I want you to say so. However highly
I esteem the learning of the honorable chair-
man of the.Judiciary Committee, I am not will-
ing to trust to his declaration that that power is
not to be conferred, and 1 want tJiis Congress
to say that in conferring these civil rights they
do not mean to confer the right to vote.
Talk to me, sir, about the words "civil
rights" not including the right to vote! What
is a civil right? It is a right that pertains to
me as a citizen. And how do I get the right
to vote ? 1 get it by virtue of citizenship, and
I get it by virtue of nothing else. When this
act is passed into a law, and I find a Repub-
lican judge in any of the States of this country
deciding that under it a negro has the right to
vote, I am not going to quarrel with the opin-
ion of that judge, because 1 believe he is de-
ciding the law correctly. Sir, if you do not in-
tend to confer that right, say so. If you do not
mean to inva.de the States of this Union, and
take from them the right to prescribe the quali-
fications of voters, say so. That is all I ask.
Do not leave it in doubt.
As I said the other day, [ know but two
foundations of right that any man has: one is
a right, founded in nature : the other is a right
founded in law. Under the law of nature I
have got no right to vote. Under the law reg-
ulating society and government J have a right
to vote. I get it simply on the ground of my
citizenship; and your bill confers that right.
It will not do for the honorable chairman of
the Judiciary Committee to say that, by specify-
ing in other lines of the first section the right
to sue and be sued, and to give evidence, to
lease and to hold property, he limits these rights.
He does no such thing. He may think that that
is the intention; but when you come to look at
the powers conferred by this section, and when
you consider tlie closing words of the section,
giving to everybody, without distinction of race
or color, the same rights to protection of prop-
erty and person and liberty, when these rights
are given to the negro as freely as to the white
man, I say, us a lawyer, that you confer the
right of suffrage, because, under our republican
form and system of government, and according
to the genius of our republican institutions, one
of the strongest guarantees of personal rights,
of the rights of person and property, is the right,
of the ballot.
Now. gentlemen, let us deal fairly, squarely,
and honestly with each other. If you do not
mean to confer this power, say so. I only ask
you to say, by my amendment, that you do
not mean by this bill to confer that power. If
you vote down my proposition, what will be the
interpretation put upon your ^iw? If it shall
go before any judicial tribunal of this country,
and they find that you voted down this amend-
ment, what is the interpretation they will put
upon it? That you meant to confer the power,
simply because you refused to say that you did
not.
But, sir, I will not argue the question. It is
a foregone conclusion that this bill is to pass,
and I shall not detain the Senate. I want a
distinct vote, however, upon my proposition,
and I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 7, nays 39; as follows:
YEAS—M essrs. Cowan, Davis, Hendricks, X esmith.
Riddle. Saulsbury, and Stockton—7.
WAYS — Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Buckalow,
Chandler, Clark, Conness, Cragin. Dixon. Doolittle,
Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Guthrie, Harris, Henderson,
Jloward, Howe, Kirkwood, Lane of Indiana, Lane of
Kansas, McDongall, Morgan, Morrill. Norton, Nye,
Poland, Pomeroy, Kamsev, Sherman, Snramic. Stew-
art, Sumner, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wade, Willey,
Williams, Wilson, and Yates—o9.
ABSENT — Messis. Creswell, Grimes, Johnson,
and Wright—t.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. NORTON. I move to amend section
seven by striking out all after the words "Uni-
ted States'' In line twenty-five, as follows. The
words to be stricken out are—
And in ease of tb o escape of the person for whose
arrest such wan-ant or process was issued, shall more-
over forfeit and pay, by way of civil damages, to the
party claiming to have been aggrieved by his act, the
sum of SI,000, to be recovered by action of debt in
any of the courts aforesaid within whose jurisdiction
the said offense may have been committed."
This section seven provides that any per-
son who shall obstruct or hinder or prevent an
officer or other person charged with the execu-
tion of process issued under the provisions of
the act from making an arrest, or shall rescue,
or attempt to rescue,"a person so arrested under
a warrant, or the officer permits him to escape,
he shall be guilty of an offense, and if con-
victed be subject to a fine. This pait which I
propose shall be stricken out predicates of that
offense a civil liability to the person who made
the complaint, or to any person who may feel
aggrieved, and it being a public offense I sup-
pose any member ofthe public may consider him-
self aggrieved. It seems to me that it is certainly
improper to predicate of a crime or the com-
mission of a public offense a civil liability to be
responded to in a civil action of debt,. 1 think
for that reason so much of the section ought to
be stricken" out.
_ Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the bill is suffi-
ciently efficient without this clause in it. Iam
not particular about it myself. It is, however,
reported by the committee, and I do not feel
at liberty to consent to the amendment; but 1
Jiave no objection to its being adopted. I think
the bill would be perfect without it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments made as in Committee of
the Whole were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. HENDRICKS and Mr. WILSON called
for the yeas and nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll, and
Mr. Anthony responded to his name.
Mr. NORTON. Mr. President 
Several Senators. Too late.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Debate is
not in order, the call of the roll having com-
menced, and a response having been made.
Mr. MORI-JILL. (when Mr. Johnson's name
was called.) The Senator from Maryland was
necessarily called away some time ago, and he
desired me to say that if present ho would vote
against the passage of the bill.
The call was concluded with the following
result:
YE VS—Messrs. Anthony. Brown. Chandler, Clark,
Conness, Cragin, Dixon, Fes-undenv Foot, roster,
Harris, Henderson, f toward, Howe, Kiikwoqd, Lane
of Indiana. Lano of Kansas Morgan. .Uorrul, Nye,
Poland, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sherman, Sprague, btew-
