1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
in the Constitution in reference to Senators,
and "chosen" every second year by the people
of the several States, in reference to Repre-
sentatives, insisting that'this is only an indica-
tion of the body qfcelectors, not the manner of
elections, orthe absurdity follows, that the peo-
ple of every State not only have a right, but are
bound to ''choose" the House of Representa-
tives.
Itis manifest that the only object of this clause
was to establish the body of electors, both as
to Senators and Representatives.
The House is composed of members " chosen"
every second year ''by the people" of the sev-
eral Slates, and the time, place, and manner
of the choice is to bo prescribed by tlic State
Legislatures.
The Senate is composed of two Senators
"chosen by the Legislature" for six years, at
the time, in the place, and by the manner pre-
scribed by the Legislature.
Chosen " by the people" is always by a plu-
rality vote in New Jersey ; the Legislature has
so prescribed.
Chosen "by the Legislature" is as the Sen-
ate and Assembly, in whom our constitution
has vested all legislative power, shall prescribe;
and in failure of a special rule prescribed, the
rule of the body is prescribed by parliamentary
law.
The times, places, and manner for holding
elections for Seaatorsand Representatives shall
be prescribed in each State by the Legislature
thereof.
In some of the States it is prescribed by
statute that the election shall be by concurrent
action, in some by joint vote, in others an ef-
fort is first made to elect by separate action, and
on failure thereof resort is had to joint meeting.
Some States require a majority of all the mem-
bers elccted to choose a Senator, some only a
majority of those prjsent and voting, some
leave the number of votes necessary to the
joint meeting, to determine either by rule for
that purpose, or parliamentary law, while some
States it would seem have never passed any
law on the subject, and must therefore prescribe
the manner at the time by the action of the
body electing.
New York. Such election shall ho made by
the Legislature-in the following manner: the
Senate and Assembly shall each openly nomi-
nate one person for the office of Senator in
Congress ; after which they shall immediately
meet, and if they shall agree in their nomina-
tions, the person so nominated shall be ap-
pointed to the office for which he shall be nom-
inated. If they shall disagree, the election
shall be made by the joint ballot of the sena-
tors and members of Assembly.
Pennsylvania. By joint ballot; and a major-
ity of the members present required to elect.
Vermont. First by separate vote, and if the
same j^erson does not receive the majority of
all the votes in each House, then by joint bal-
lot; and a majority of all the votes of the joint
assembly required.
North Carolina provides that the election
shall be by joint vote of both Houses of the
General Assembly, the vote being viva voce;
and it is necessary to have a majority of the
votes of both Houses to elect.
Wisconsin elects by joint vole, declaring in
section two of the act, a majority of all the
votes given shall be necessary to elect a Sen-
ator.
In Michigan the Senate and House shall
each openly nominate one person for the office
of Senator, after which, they shall immediately
meet in joint convention in the hall of the
House. If they shall agree, the person so
nominated shall be deemed elected. If they
shall disagree, the election shall be made by a
joint vote of the senators and members, and a
majority of the votes given in such convention
shall be necessary to an election.
Louisiana elects by joint vote; "and the
person or persons having the greater number
of votes shall be declared duly elected Sena-
tor or Senators, provided such number be a
majority of all the members present."
Kentucky. Senators in the Congress of the
United States shall be elected "by viva voce vote
of the members of the two branches of the
General Assembly in joint ballot
Alabama. A majority of the whole number
necessary to a choice.
Indiana. Hereafter all elections of United
States Senators and other officers to Ve elected
by the General Assembly of this State shall be
viva voce, except certain officers specified, who
are to be elected by joint ballot.
Maryland. By joint ballot; and the person
or persons qualified, and having a majority of
the votes of all attending members in both
branches, shall be declared duly elected.
Arkansas. Joint vote; majority of all the
votes given required.
California. Joint vote; a majority of all the
votes given necessary to elect a Senator; and
the convention can do no act but adjourn in the
absence of a majority of all the members-elect,
in either Senate or Assembly.
In Mississippi the act is as follows:
An act prescribing the time, manner, and place of
holding elections lor Senators to Congress.
At the regular session of the General Assembly of
thi^ State next piccedins the expiration of the terra
of a United States Senator, or at any other session in
which a vacancy or executive appointment shall bo
reported by the Governor, t.hull be the time of elect-
ing: United States Senators. The manner shall be by
vote of each member of the Senate and each member
ot the House of Representatives in the State Legisla-
ture, and tile place of holding such cloction shall be
in the hall of the House of Representatives of this
State, and the particular day and hour of such elec-
tion shall be determined in each case by a joint res-
olution of both Houses. ♦
In Rhode Island it is provided that Sena-
tors shall be elected by General Assembly 111
grand committee, and not in separate Houses.
The name of each member shall be called
aloud by the clerk: he hands in a ballot and
responds the name aloud ; nothing said about
the number of votes necessary to a choice.
Delaware elects in joint meeting; requires
a majority of all the votes given as necessary
to a choice; but if upon any balloting, two
persons only shall be voted for and receive all
the votes, and each of them an equal number
of votes, the Speaker of the Senate shall give
an additional casting vote, unless he shall be
one of said persons, in which case the Speaker
of the House of Representatives shall give an
additional casting vote, unless he shall be the
other of said persons; and further, if upon
twice balloting, more than two persons shall
be voted foi, and one of said persons shall on
each balloting receive one half the number of
all the votes given, then on the second ballot
the Speaker of the Senate may givo an addi-
tional easting vote to the person having one
half the number of all said votes, unless he
shall be such person, &c.
It will be observed that Kew York. Ken-
tucky, Mississippi, Indiana, aftd Rhode Island,
as well as New Jersey, require no particular
numbers of votes, leaving the Legislature to
manifest their choice in the manner tliey de-
termine by their own rules.
Louisiana declares first the "plurality" rule,
"the person having the greatest number of
votes shall be declared duly elected," but sub-
sequently provides that such number must bo
a majority of all the members present.
The law in Delaware is really a "plurality"
law; for, where two persons have an equal
number of votes, or one person shall have half
of all the votes given, the Speaker gives an
additional casting vote. Now, if it be true, as
is alleged, that "chosen by the Legislature"
means that at least a majority of the members
should select the candidate, by directly voting
for him, the permission to the Speaker to vote
twice does not accomplish that necessary^ ob-
ject. But if it is the •' choice of the Legisla-
ture," manifested in any way the majority may
see fit that is required, the object is attained.
And if a majority may not express their choice
by a plurality vote, this act of Delaware is
unconstitutional.
Again, if it is a majority of all the members
•which is required, the laws of Pennsylvania,
Michigan, Missouri. Arkansas, Maryland, and
Wisconsin'are unconstitutional, for the major-
ity of a.quorum can elect under them. , If, for'
example, the number of members of any of the
Legislatures of these States is 81, a majority
of the whole number is a quorum, namely,-41;
a majority of the quorum is 21 members. There-'
fore. 21 members out of 81 members, under
the law of all these States, are capable of
choosing a Senator.
The rule requiring only a majority of tile'
members voting has frequently been the rule
of the joint meeting of New Jersey, and under
it they elected a United States Senator in the
year 1851, by less than a majority, and his
right to his seat was never questioned. In this
election the joint meeting first adopted a rule
requiring a majority of the whole number ; they *
subsequently rescinded itfor a majority of those
voting, and elected by 39 votes.
In the case under consideration at present, ,
they adopted the rule requiring a majority of ^
the whole number, and rescinded for the plu-
rality rule, and elected by 40 votes.
During the argument, in Harlan's case, Thirty-
Fourth Congress, third session, Mr. Hale said:
" It is said it .is impossible to make anything else
the Legislatme than tlic Legislature. That is true;
but does any gentleman here eon tend that it, was not
competent for the peoplooflowa to say that less than
a majority should constitute a quorum if they saw fit
so to do? I apprehend not. In the Legislature of
the State of Massachusetts, when the House 01 Rep-
resentative.? consisted of some four hundred or five
hundred members, sixty of tlicm constituted a quo-
rum, and when the Senate consisted of forty members,
sixteen formed aquorum. Sixteen senators and sixty
representatives might pass a bill, or do aiiy other
lcgislativeaet, hut nobody ever supposed that was an
infringement 01 the constitutional provision that the
Legislature must do certain things."
In the aboVe case, cited by Mr. Hale, thirty-
one members in the House might express the
will of the live hundred members; and in the
Senate nine members might express the will
of the forty members ; and thus the voice of
forty members was the voice of a Legislature
which was composed of upwards of live hun-
dred members.
The act in New Jersey simply says, Senators
of the United States on the part of this State
shall be appointed "by the Senate and General
Assembly in joint meeting assembled." There
is no constitutional restriction, 110 restriction
011 the "manner," no provision as to the num-
ber of votes necessary. The act is eloquently
silent on that subject. The joint meetings have
from the earliest record always made their own
rules, at one time requiring a majority of all
elected, at another time a majority of those
present, electing to some offices without a bal-
lot, sometimes by acclamation, sometimes by
silence. On this occasion they first required
a majority of all elected ; they then by a ma-
jority vote rescinded thatresoiution andadopted i
one declaring that the plurality rule should pre-
vail, and the person who had the most votes
should be declared elected. Now the question
is, whether the Senate of the United States shall
make, retrospectively, rules to govern the joint
meeting of Kew Jersey, or whether it can by a •
majority vote prescribe the manner of indicat-
ing its choice.
The same clause that prescribes that thetime,
place, and manner of holding elections for Sen-
ators shall be prescribed in each State by the
Legislature provides also in the same words
for the election of Representatives. Yet Rep-
resentatives 111 Kew Jersey are always elected
by a plurality vote, and the statute declares
that the board of St ate canvassers shall proceed
to determine the person or persons who shall
by the greatest number of votes have been duly
elected'; and under this very clause of the Con-
stitution. every member of Congress from New
Jersey has always been elected bv a plurality.
Now, suppose the statute relating to the elec-
tion of Senator had prescribed the plurality
rule to the joint meeting, would it not have
been valid? Certainly, if the general election
law is valid. Yet, if it is, as charged, in viola-
tion of the Constitution for the joint meeting
to make such a rule, it must be in violation of
the Constitution for the Legislature to prescribe
it, and hence the election of Representatives
