1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LORE.
191
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
New York Contested Election—Mr. Brooks.
Ho. ob1 Rips.
Poll-lint as loritten cor-
rect- by Kearney, ,
"Walling, Patrick, No. 276
E. 16th street,
Farrell", Thomas, No. 516
E. 16th street.
Kerns, John, No. 22Lk E.
17th street,
Reslet, Robert,
"VYensker, John,
Lough ly, "William,
Heri\ Emil,
• Benford, Michael,
Kcisman, Thomas,
Brithtneser, Peter,
Bosdis, Charles, No. 212
Avenue A,
Coman, John,
NaUejs James, No. 278.
Avenue B,
Hon-, Chris., ,
Preston, Hueh,
Daily, David,
Burns, Owen, No. 251 E.
15th street,
Riley. John, No.2G4 Ave-
nue B,
Pinkei ton, James, No. 268
Avenue B,
Garvin, Dennis, No. 266
Avenue B, #
Henyer, Alexander, No.
254 Avenue B,
KaulL, Andrew,
Kannon,William, No.512
E. 16th street,
Applewitz, Michael,
Kiliieber, John, No. 242
Avenue A,
CofiBee, Chas,
Lander, William, No. 222
Avenue A,
Propts, Adam, No. 238
Avenue A,
Segler, Baltzar,
Turnleyer, Fred,
Brennan, Patrick, No.
25G Avenue A,
Sehere, Adam,
Poll-list as sworn to by Las
Casas Dean. Written in-
correct by Dean.
Not No. 514 E. 16th street.
Not No. 512 E. 16th street.
Not 3221- E. 17th street.
Not Resler, Robert.
Not Wensteer, John.
Not Coughly, William.
Not Hene, Emil.
Not Renford, Michael.
Not on poll-list.
Not Brithaveser, Peter.
Not No. 245 Avenue B.
Not Curjan, John.
Not No. 273 Avenue B.
Not Hene, Chris.
Not Ruston, Hugh.
Not Bailey, Daniel.
Not No. 266 Avenue R.
Not No. 254 Avenue B.
Not No. 264 Avenue B.
NotGarom, i).,No.263Av-
enue B.
Not No. 242 Avenue B.
Not Carll, Andrew.
Not No. 210 Avonuc A.
Not Afpalerty, Michael.
Not No. 23 Avenue A.
Not Copier, Chas.
Not No. 232 Avenue A.
Not Propts, Abram, No.
211 Avenue A.
Not Segier, Ballyar.
Not on poll-list.
Not Bauman, P., No. 222
Avenue A.
Not Rurr, Adam.
I have thus gone through and proved by
Kearney's testimony that some sixty-odd voters
were misspelled, either accidentally by Dean,
or by design, in order thus to throw me oat of
my seat.
[Mr. Buooks here read at length B. 3,011, the
testimony of Frederick Jung, a German, whose
name in English is pronounced " Young,'" to
show by this Jung that German names could
not be rightly written upon English registers,
and that Dean's names on the poll-list were
not the real names of the Germans who really
voted. "Zines,J was formed into uHines,"
il Charles Boxberg" into u Charles Boske.1'
"Wierle" into 'lWierd,n " Zeigler" into
"Zeiler," " Emil. Heine*' into "Kerr,"
uRaat*' into "Root."]
It is almost impossible for an American to
pronounce many German names: hence tlicy
may be transformed into almost anything on
the poll-list. A German, Blum, was asked if
hekuew " Jung," written "Young" on the poll-
list, and he said, as we pronounced it, do
not know such a man," though that very
"Jung," pronounced "Young," was living in
his house.
Now, I shall perhaps exhaust the patience of
this House if I go on with the whole twenty-four
names in Jung'stestimony, of whom the gentle-
man from Massachusetts says but four could be
found, wherea's the whole twenty-four are found,
or accounted for by errors on the poll-list, or
in the brief submitted in debate by me to the
committee, but not read, not even examined
when an opinion was made up in this case.
These errors are constantly and necessarily
recurring from the fact that Americans were
registering German names, and Germans were
registering American or English names. A
man with a certain name could not be found
with an Englislipronunciation, while there have
been real men, well known, as pronounced in
German. Pass the resolution, then, submitted
by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garpikld]
and order a new investigation, and I will bring
up these Germans who will pronounce the
names in their own native tongue, and show
that they do exist, and that tliey also had a right
to vote on election day.
I do not, however, blame the honorable
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,]
except for not reading the testimony when he
was acting as my judge. I do think, however,
that "he ought to have taken the trouble at least
to read the brief pf a fellow-member of Congress
whom he was going to condemn, more especially
when he -was holding me responsible for the
orthography and phonography of almost every
German, Norwegian, or Swede, in the fifteenth
district of the eighteenth ward.
1 appeal, then, to the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, as the Representative from that Com-
monwealth, not to oust a member because he
may not like his political opinions, because he
may have party prejudices against him. I ap-
peal to him not to disfranchise two hundred
thousand people of the city of New York because
of any passion or prejudice or indisposition to
examine fairly a long case like this. He should
remember he is acting as a judge, not as a pros-
ecuting officer in this case.
But I am not done. I now call his attention
to the following names, which he has entirely
ignored. They prove the names, residence, and
voters there, whom his silence at least allege
not to exist ; whose testimony, evidently, he
has never seen:
Names of Voters proven in. the Testimony.
John A. Morschamer, (33. 206,) proves names 12
John M. Cormick, (B. 151),) proves names  8
Charles Boyle, (B. 244.) proves names  22
Max Blum, (B. 159,) proves names  2
Ignat Waisman, (B. 160.) proves names  1
James M. Lainey, (B. 153,) proves names  1
Barnard Dalton, (B. 160,) proves names  1
Thomas Cahey, (B. 161,) proves names  4
Charles Boxberg, (B. 159.) proves names  1
Philip MeDermott, (B. 202,) proves names  6
Total names  58
Here I have shown 58 names corroborating
Brennan to that extent; names of actual voters
that are utterly ignored by the majority of the
committee in their report, and treated as if
they never existed; and then there were 26
other names corroborated of men voting by
affidavit.
The man who votes by affidavit, I wish the
House to understand, is a man whose name is
not registered, but who can vote if he is not
registered, provided he is first sworn, and pro-
vided, in the second place, he brings a house-
holder to swear that he is a bojia fide voter.
There were 26 of these, and yet in the report
of the honorable gentleman they are all ignored
throughout, as well as the testimony of the 58
affidavit names, 26 proven names, 58 in all, as
since corroborated, are they not, by Brennan
throughout.
Prom the extent of their testimony it was quite
impossible for the Committee of Elections to do
justice to it all, if they had even tried, and do
justice also to the dozen other cases that are
before them. The gentleman cannot deny the
fact that after tlie committee ordered me to make
a brief, jrhich cost me ten days of the hardest
labor of my life, eighteen hours every day, in
hunting up of hundreds of names which were
necessary to compile that brief, it was submitted
to the Committee of Elections at ten o'clock on
Monday morning, when they had another ease
before them, and they could not have looked at
it on that Monday, while the House was in
session, and the only possible attention the gen-
tleman could have given to it was on Tuesday,
for on Wednesday in the committee, in the morn-
ing, this case was decided against me, notwith-
standing the great labor I had spent in collating
the names from that precinct. Is that the way
to form an opinion, and to make up a case? ,
His own opinion, it was evident, was made up
before he called for the brief or even read the
testimony of this case, and his opinion became
the opinion of his party portion of the commit-
tee, save the honorable gentleman from Wis-
consin, who examined the case.
The gentleman, I see, has noted the fact that
I said he had a prejudice, a party prejudice it
alone can be, against me. I came to that con-
clusion when on the printing of the testimony of
this case he addressed this House in a style and
language which did not seem to me civil, cer-
tainly not parliamentary, and so unlike the hon-
orable gentleman that I hardly knew what had
inspired such bad feeling on his part. He
accused me of trifling with the Committee of
Elections, as if I would trifle with the men who
are to be judges of my right to a seat on this
floor 1 He accused me of laches; he almost
insinuated—though he did not directly declare
it—that I held back the testimony in order to
tamper with the report!
Now, I do notmean to insinuate that the hon-
orable gentleman is not a just man. I am in
duty bound to think he is. His honesty I have
vouched for. And yet the same human pas-
sions that move all men doubtless inspire the
gentleman from Massachusetts in his examina-
tion of this case; and such as led him to his
extraordinary remarks upon the printing of the
testimony in this case.
I ask at his hands now a reexamination of
facts he has never taken the trouble to read;
and with the exposure of facts here submitted
to-day, have I not a right, as a member of Con-
gress, to demand it? I put it to the gentle-
man and to his associates, members from Mas-
sachusetts, that old Commonwealth in which I
was born, that they do not oust a man who has
already a seat in this House without an exam-
ination and a trial. If I had b'een arrested for
some crime, if I had been indicted, if I had
been guilty of fraud in the election, if I had
spent enormous sum of money, and been con-
victed in a court, of frauds, thegentleman would
have looked at my brief and. record of these
names a longer time than he gave to the con-
sideration of this report. And hard, hard in-
deed, it is to be tried, condemned, and exe-
cuted, without even having your judges listen
to the testimony in your case.
The gentleman from Massachusetts and the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Siiellabarger]
made a point against me that there was a great
increase of the vote in these two new districts,
twelfth and fifteenth of the eighteenth ward—
from 496 to 811 in one year—from theyear 1863
to the subsequent year, 1864. I call attention
to the fact that this fifteenth district was a new
district, as new and fresh as any dislricton the
prairies of Iowa, Minnesota, Dakota, or Ne-
braska. It was a new settlement of new people.
No inconsiderable portion of it was a promon-
tory built out into the East river and occupied
by laboring men, with a large gas-house having
five hundred men in it. as is proved by the tes-
timony. And I call attention to the fact that
the old c'istrict was not large enough to poll all
the votes, and hence a new district, the fif-
teenth, was created from necessity.
And if there is nothing in al! that. I call the
attention of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Shellabatsger] to the fact that in the second
district of the eighteenth ward there was an
increase in nearly the same proportion. That
district gave 462 for Dodge and 199 for Brooks.
In the year 1863 it cast 485 votes, and in 1864
it cast 754.. Now, by the rule of proportion
which I was taught and practiced as a school-
master in New England, if 485 gives 754, what
will 496 give? And I find the result is 756, or
nearly the increase in the fifteenth district.
What reply can be made to that? Here the
second district, eighteenth ward, was a Dodge
district; the fifteenth district, eighteenth ward,
a Brooks district. Is it to be disfranchised for
that ?
It is well known that in 1868 there wa3 a
comparative lull throughout the whole coun-
try as regards polities—very little excitement.
The vote in the State of New York fell off
nearly one half—some 175,000 decrease, I
think—while in 1864, in the presidential elec-
tion, when all parties were marshaled in
fullest array, when the sailors in the public
