1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2631
low, as far as we can, the example set to us by
a nation which has had a long experience on
this subject.
We find that Great Britain has adopted the
plan of taxing all luxuries to the very greatest
extent, and it raises over $50,000,000 annually
from its tax on distilled spirits. By reference
to the report of the revenue commission of
that country it appears that in the year 1863-04
England raised $50,666,775, and in 1864-65
$53,200,385 on spirits.
Now, sir, what is our experience? We have
a population nearly as great as that of England,
and the statistics of our returns show that we
consume fully as much in amount as England
does. And yet according to the returns of the
internal revenue it appears that in 1863 wo
raised a revenue of $3,229,990, in 1864 a rev-
enue of $28,431,797, and in 1865, when we
taxed whisky two dollars a gallon, we raised
only $15,995,702.
Now, what are the facts with reference to the
production and consumption of whisky in this
country? Prior to 1860 this country produced
one hundred million gallons of whisky annually.
If the same amount was produced to-day and
the tax of two dollars 8 gallon was collected we
should receive $'200,000,000. Butwefindsince
the tax of two dollars has been imposed that
the amount consumed in this country is forty-
five million gallons annually, which'instead of
yielding ,a revenue of $90,000,000 has only
yielded a little over $15,000,000.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman must recol-
lect that when we were about to impose the
tax of two dollars for six months there was not
a distillery that did not run night and day up
to the time when the tax commenced; and
from that time until within three months scarce
a distillery ran at nil, because they had laid in
an immense quantity at the old tax.
* Mr. LAFLIN. I understand that, but at
the same time, during 1864, when we had a
tax of $1 50, we only raised §28,000,000. It
is estimated that seven eighths of all the whisky
produced in this country is used for drinking
purposes.
Now, what is the fact in regard to the num-
ber of distilleries? In 1860 there were eleven
hundred and ninety-three distilleries in the
United States. Now the number is estimated
at five thousand. Why? Because under the
stimulus of high prices people all over the
United States have engaged in distillation on
a small scale, some of them producing at the
rate of one hundred gallons a year. It is said
to bo a fact, and I have not seen it denied, that
every manufacturer of small stills has more
orders on hand than he can fill. And it is
said that in the State of Georgia there are fif-
teen hundred distilleries in one district.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DODGE. Mr. Chairman, all that we
require in regard to this question of whisky is
a law sufficient to find out these'sroall distiller-
ies. I fail to perceive the force of the sugges-
tion made by the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, that a small tax of twenty-
five dollars will induce men who are carrying
on an illicit traffic in cellars and garrets to
eome forward and make known the fact that
they are engaged in this business. I hope, sir,
.that we shall fix a tax so large and frame a
law so stringent that every manufacturer of
distilled spirits; whether he makes a thousand
gallons a day or five gallons a day, will be found
out, so that the Government shall receive from
hi m the entire amount of revenue contemplated
by the law.
We may rest assured, sir, that a tax of
twentj'-five dollars will never bring to light
men who are seeking to carry on an illicit
traffic. If the tax be fixed at $1,000 or $1,500
there would be an object in finding them out.
In the city of New York we have now a law
fixing the license at $200 and $150. Last year,
when only a small tax of ten dollars was
required for selling liquor, there were in that
city more than nine thousand places in which
intoxicating drinks were sold. Under our pres-
ent system, where it is an object to detect every
individual selling liquor without a license, the
city is receiving $1,000,000 of revenue annually
from this source. If men will manufacture, if
men will sell, if men will drink alcohol, let them
pay the tax which the Government imposes.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. HOTCHKm I move to amend the
amendment by striking out " $1,000" and
inserting the following:
Distillers distilling less than fifty thousand gallons
annually shall pay S100; those distilling fifty thou-
sand gallons, or over, annually, shall pay $200.
Mr. Chairman, it appears to me that this is
a more reasonable proposition than to make
distillers indiscriminately pay $1,000. The lat-
ter system would simply break up the small
distilleries and give a monopoly of the business
to the large manufacturers. I do not see that
any good is to be gained by it. It would not
diminish the amount of whisky distilled. It
would simply leave the monopolists at liberty
to increase the price of the article for their
own benefit.
Experience has shown that the amount con-
sumed is not decreased by an increase in the
price; and I see no reason why wc should en-
act an oppressive law with the view to obtain
revenue, or to effect a moral reform. I am as
hostile to the manufacture and the use of
whisky as any gentleman on this floor can be,
but I do not think it wise for us to attempt to
enact oppressive laws to suppress this traffic,
because I do not think that we would effect the
object.
Let us have, however, a discrimination be-
tween large establishments and the smaller
ones. I do not know how much a small estab-
lishment manufactures annually, but I suppose
that the quantity would not exceed fifty thou-
sand gallons. Those manufacturing more than
that quantity will be required by this amend-
ment to pay $200. Gentlemen more familiar
with this branch of the business can, if they
deem it proper, move to increase the license
fee in proportion to the amountmanufaclured.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not know hut thatl,
for one, would be willing that the Government
should forego all revenue from this source if
we could entirely suppress the distillation and
consumption of the article throughout the coun-
try. But, believing that to be impossible, I am
for obtaining the largest possible amount of
revenue on the smallest consumption of the
article. I believe, however, that in this case
moderation is true wisdom. Our own experi-
ence, corresponding with that of other coun-
tries, has shown that when we undertake to
levy an exorbitant tax we always defeat our
object. If we now undertake to levy a tax of
$1,000 upon every distillery in this-country,
not one fourth of these distilleries will ever be
reached at all. Why? Because we give a
sufficient amount to make it an object for par-
ties to conccal the fact—to hide their stills in
garrets and cellars.
As I said in my opening speech, it is true
the manufacturers in small copper stills have
been exceedingly busy for the last two years.
They are spread over all parts of the country.
If we leave this tax at the moderate sum pro-
posed by the Committee of Ways and Means,
I believe we can collect it. I am therefore
opposed either to reducing or increasing it.
There is in the paragraph a provision by
which distilleries of apples, grapes, and peaches
shall be taxed a less amount. We do not ex-
pect to extract so much revenue from them.
These distilleries are located in Pennsylvania,
Kentucky, and New Jersey, and are small
establishments—to accommodate their neigh-
borhoods. Unless they shall be allowed to
remain, those who have large peach or apple
orchards will find they will have no. sale for
their fruit. If we are to have whisky or brandy
at all I would as soon have it from apples or
peaches as from anything else. I hope we shall
allow the bill to stand as it is.
1 move that the committee rise for the pur-
pose of closing debate on this paragraph.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union had had under consideration the
Union generally, and particularly the special
order,, being bill of the House No. 518, to
amend an act entitled "An act to provide
internal revenue to support .the Government,
to pay interest on the public debt, and for
other purposes," approved June 30, 1864, and
acts amendatory thereof, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
CLOSE OF DEBATE.
Mr. MORRILL moved that all debate on
the pending paragraph of the tax bill in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union be closed in five minutes after its con-
sideration shall be resumed.
The motion was agreed to.
TAX BILL—AGAIN.
Mr. MORRILL moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Dawes in the chair,) and resumed the consid-.
oration of the special order, being a bill of the
House (No. 513) to amend an act entitled
"An act to provide internal revenue to sup-
port the Government, to pay interest on the
public debt, and for other purposes," approved
June 30, 1864, and acts amendatory thereof.
The CHAIRMAN stated the question to
be on Mr. Hotoiikiss's amendment to the
amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
The question then recurred on Mr. Inqer-
soa's amendment, and it was also disagreed to.
Mr. RANDALL, of Kentucky, moved after
the word "manufacture," in line ten hundred
and eighty-nine, to. insert the words "fifty
and," and after the word "dollars," in line ten
hundred and ninety-one, to add the following:
And thoso distilling or manufacturing less than
fifty barrels per year from the samo shall pay twenty
dollars.
The committee was divided; and there were
—ayes 35, noes 47 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. ALLISON demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Randall,
of Kentucky, and Allison, were appointed.
The committee was again divided; and the
tellers reported—ayes 50, noes 43.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to strike out
the proviso as amended.
The motion was disagreed to.
The Clerk read the next paragraph, as fol-
lows :
17. Brewers shall pay $100. Every person, firm, or
corporation who manufactures fermented liquors of
any name or description, for sale, from malt, wholly
or in part, or from any substitute therefor, shall bo
deemed a brewer under this act: Frovided, That any
person, firm, or corporation, who manufactures less
than live hundred barrels per year, sliallpay the sum
of fifty dollars.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read the next paragraph, as fol-
lows :
18. Rectifiers who shall rectify any quantity of
spirituous liquors, not exceeding five hundred bar-
rels, packages, or casks, containing not more than
forty gallons to each barrel, package, or cask, shall
pay twenty-five dollars; and twenty-five dollars,ad-
ditional tor each additional five hundred such bar-
rels, packages or casks, or any fractional part thereof.
Every person, firm, or corporation, who rectifies,
purifies, or refines spirituous liquors or wines by any
process, or mixes distilled spirits, whisky, brandy,
gin, or wine, with a.ny materials for. sale under tlio
name of whisky, rum, brandy, gin, wine, or any other
name, shall be regarded as a reetifier under this act.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I move to
strike out the word " rectifies.'' I notice in
a subsequent portion of this bill a direct blow
at the only prosperous manufacturing business
we ever .have had in the West. We are situ-
ated far from market; the products of our soil
