B0&-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
the pains in-tiiefe power to prevent just -such a
position of affairs as has occurred here to-day,
namely, that they should go through five hun-
dred an-d forty pages of printed mutter on the
part-'of5 the-contestant, and then sit down one
month after, when the testimony of the sitting
member can be printed, and wade through all
?The committee took all the pains they could
to inform the sitting member that such wowld
.te'the result, unless some pains were taken to
have his testimony produced at the commence-
Bieut ©f the session and sent to tho printer with
that of the contestant, and printed in the same
book-' ft is the-first case in my experience
when the committee have been running round
after parties asking fortheir testimony. They
have not been very successful in this case, and
I'll ope the House will now say whether the
committee shall stop their work and rest on
their oars while a book of some five, six, or
sevefl hundred pages shall be printed for their
benefit. That is all I have to say. I have no
desire to influence the House on the question
whether this testimony shall be referred or not,
but I desire to have tho question decided to-
day, because if the House decides to have these
papers printed,' I hope the printer will woilc
Sunday, if neoessary, so that we may have this
book printed by Monday morning.
Mr. RAYMOND. I had no object in call-
ing up this motion except to enable tho parties
interested to be heard before the House, and
that tho House might come to a decision. I
will now yield the floor to my colleague, [Mr.
Brooks.]
Mr. BROOKS. I do not want to take the
floor by my colleague's courtesy. I claim it as
a right.
Mr. RAYMOND. I surrender the floor un-
conditionally.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker, nothing could
so much surprise me, except the surprise I had
yesterday from my colleague from New York,
[Mr. Raymond,] as the remarks of the honor-
able gentleman from Massachusetts. If he, as
a Representative of that State, desires to be rid
of mfe at this early period of the session, he has
taken a very summary stop toward doing it by
exerting the influence of that committee of which
he is tho organ to suppress the publication of
all tho testimony on my side, and if tho House
is to follow his lead, I may as well at this mo-
ment submit to what lias been the fate of others,
take up my hat and retire and go home to my
constituency, leaving a largo portion of the city
of New York unrepresented as well as a large
portion of oar whole country.
Mr. DAWES. 1 failed to make myself un-
derstood if 1 made tho gentleman understand
that I am anxious to have him leave this House,
or that 1 expressed an opinion one way or the
other upon the merits of his case. I merely felt
it my duty to state to the House these circum-
stances as a reason why they should ]iass upon
this question.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker, the whole tone
and tenor of the remarks of the honorable gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, whether he in-
tended it or not, are of a character to preju-
dice at least his side of the House against me
as the sitting member, and to give the whole
advantage of his position and his prejudice to
the contestant.
The honorablogentleman from Massachusetts
—and he is a man of honor, well entitled to the
appellation of the honorable gentleman—will
not rise in his place an d say that he has officially
given a notice, officially by sign and signature,
of a.ny necessity of my presenting these papers
until officially lie notified me to appear before
him, when, upon the very day after, 1 made the
motion in the House. The clerk of the Com-
mittee of Elections is connected with the pub-
lic press, as most of the clerks of committees
in this House are, and as a brother press-man
I have had frequent conversations with him
on this and on other subjects. But never, with
my understanding, so help me God, was any
official information given to me from the Com-
mittee of Elections that I was under an imme-
diate order to present these papers to that com-
mittee, and on the very first intimation from
the honorable gentleman from Massachusetts
I hurried to this House, and in no secret hour,
at no evening session, but in the presence of
the House, in its ordinary session, I asked that
these papers be, referred to the Committee of
Elections, and printed.
And the first intimation that I ever had was
from my honorable colleague [Mr. Raymond]
connected with mo is the public press—' 'Et tu,
Brute /"—that there was an intention on the
part of somebody to suppress the publication
of my testimony in this case.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, while the law
in reference to testimony in cases of this kind
requires that it shall, for some wise purpose
—1 suppose that it may be safely kept—be sent
immediately to the Clerk, the gentleman jus-
tifies the withholding of this testimony from
the House from last March till last week by the
statement that he has not had any written notice
under my hand.
Mr. BROOKS. Or official notice of any
kind.
Mr. DAWES. Official notice, signed with my
name as chairman of the Committee of Elec-
tions for the Thirty-Ninth Congress. I sup-
pose the gentleman considers that necessary. I
have only to say in answer to that  
Mr. BROOKS. There has been no notice,
written or unwritten, scripta or non scripta.
Mr. DAWES. One thing at a time. I have
only to say, Mr. Speaker, that the Committee
of Elections directed its clerk more than once
before the holidays to goto the sitting member
in this case and tell liim that, if he cxpected
his testimony to be printed by order of the
committee, it must be produced at once, so that
it might go to the printer along with the other
testimony and be printed in the same book.
Tho clerk of the committee came back to tlie
committee and reported that he had so notified
the sitting member more than once.
Mr. STEVENS. ^ Under seal?
Mr. DAWES. Not under seal—not under
the broad seal.
Mr. STEVENS. That will not do, then!
Mr. DAWES. I do not know but, that the law
requires tho notice to be in writing; but I did not
understand that the gentleman, in response 1o
the verbal notice of the clerk of the committee,
made any objection at that time to the fact that
it was not in writing. T have this to say: that
the law imposed upon him tho duty to send the
testimony here nine months ago, not to keep it
till this time. It was altogether a work of su-
pererogation on the part of tho committee to
say a word to him about it. But the commit-
tee apprehended that just at the time when this
ease would lie taken up wo should experience
just such a state of things as this; and in order
to be ready, the committee requested him over
and over again to bring forward these papers.
Now, I have a question or two to ask the gen-
tleman. Eirsl, wiieie have these papers been
since last, March?
Mr. BROOKS. For the last ten or fifteen
days they have been in possession of the Clerk
of the House, to whom 1 was directed to deliver
them by the law of tho United States. 1 have
further to say that when be asks me with so
much force where they have been since March
last, he might with quite as much force ask the
contestant where his papers have been since
March last; for those papers did not turn up
here till the first week in December, not even
on the desk of the Clerk.
But, Sir. Speaker, I complain more of the
spirit, the zeal, the energy, tho enthusiasm of
the chairman of the Committee of Elections,
in a matter of this sort, and more of the spirit
which my colleague [Mr. Raymosd] manifests
here, than I do of the charges which the gentle-
man makes against me: and in the course of
nay remarks I will show how vague, futile, and
unjust all those charges are.
Mr, DAWES, i will ask the gentleman-
lot him put his answer on the record—whether
he has one word of complaint against me when
sitting to hear any question of fact or point of
law which he has ever presented touching his
case?
Mr. BROOKS. Never, never. I will do the
honorable gentleman the justice to say that I
have the highest respect for him as a man and
as a Representative here; and therefore I am
the more surprised and amazed that he exhib-
its so much feeling and earnestness (so it seems
to me) to suppress the publication of my testi-
mony without hearing from me one word what-
soever.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I have not had
the slightest objection to the printing of this
testimony. I took some pains, and all that I
have said to the House has been with the view
of convincing the House that I did take some
pains, to have that testimony before the com-
mittee early. My complaint is that the Com-
mittee of Elections have been trifled with in
their effort to get this testimony, not that I de-
sire to shut the gentleman's mouth or close
the door against one particle of his testimony.
But I have a little desire to defend the Com-
mittee of Elections on this point, and no fur-
ther. 1 have never, sir, forgotten to satisfy
and urge the House to print the gentleman's
testimony. I have come hero, Mr. Speaker,
to state that the gentleman has been guilty
of laches; and that it has involved the Com-
mittee of Elections in great trouble and great
expenditure of their time ; that that commit-
tee are somewhat worn and fatigued, and that
it is with some difficulty a quorum can be
got together at the hour of appointment to con-
tinue these hearings. And are wo to be cai'ried
down into tho cholera season without one par-
ticle of excuse given for this delay in 'the face
of the lrw?
That is all I have to say. And if the gentle-
man imagines I have taken sides with the con-
testant in this case, I pray him to remember I
have quite as much to defend my course on this
side of the House; and f must soon hope to be
delivered from tho position I am in, if I am to
bo fired into from both sides, and it is to be
charged that I manifest inordinate zeal one
way or tho other in the hearing of these eases.
Mr. RAYMOND. I desire to relieve myself
from the complaints my colleague makes of
having shown an improper and discourteous
spirit toward him in regard to this matter.
I think I may fairly appeal to him, sir, to say
it is not my habit in the press or out of the
press to show discourtesy to any one with whom
I may be connected, in this matter my fault,
if fault it is, grows out of what has more than
once got me into trouble, a desire to be over-
courteous to both sides. I was not present
when the motion was made by my colleague
front Now York, and was adopted, referring
these papers to the Committee of Elections with
an order to print them ; and the next day I was
appealed to by tho contestant lo make a motion
for thereeonsideration of that lesolution, on the
ground that it was passed without his being
heard at all, and that he was desirous of being
beard on that prccisc point. I declined for some
little time, thinking some one more familiar
with the case should make the motion ; but
finally, after his appeal to my courtesy, I made
the motion. I disclaimed at the time to the
sitting member any desire whatever to do him
injustice, to prejudice his case, or put him to
the slightest inconvenience ; and when he com-
plained in the House or out of the House,
I forget which, yesterday, that this motion
would have the result to postpone the consid-
eration of this matter indefinitely. I told him,
so far as I was concerned, I would do all 1 could
to bring this motion to a speedy hearing. It
was for that purpose I called the motion up this
morning, the day after the motion was made.
My first fault was in being oyer-courteous to the
contestant, if fault it was; inv second fault, if
any, in being over-courteous to the sitting
member.
I desire by these words simply to relieve
myself from any thought or purpose of being
disconrteous to either. I simply wan,t the mat-
ter fairlv before the House.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker, I forbear enter-
