1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26S3
bill No. 513, all debate upon the pending par-
agraph and the amendments thereto terminate
in one second.
- The motion was agreed to.
tax-bill—again.
Mr. MORRILL moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House*
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Dawes in the chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of the special order, being a bill of the
House (No. 513) to amend an act entitled
"An act to provide internal revenue to sup-
port the Government, to pay interest on the
public debt, and for other purposes," approved
June 30, 1864, and acts amendatory thereof.
The pending question was on the amendment
of Mr. Stevens to strike out the following:
Provided, That keepers of hotels, tavern?, and
eating-houses, in which liquors arc sold by retail,
to bo drank upon the premises, shall pay an addi-
tional tax of twenty-fivo dollars.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to amend by in-
serting, after the word "act" in line eleven
hundred and thirty-five the following:
Provided, That a payment of such special tax shall
bo construed to authorize the person so keeping a.
hotel, inn, or tavern to furnish the necessary food
for the animals of such travelers or sojourners, with-
out the payment of an additional special tax as a
livery stable keeper.
Mr. MORRILL. I sec no objection to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PIKE. I move to amend by inserting
after the word "dollars," in line eleven hun-
dred and thirty-eight, the following :
Provided, That in case the receipts any keeper of
a hotel do not exceed $500 a year, no license shall bo
required.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the following:
The estimated yearly rental of tliebmisoand prop-
erly intended to be so occupied as follows, to wit:
when the rent or valuation of the yearly rental of
said hou<5<> and property shall be £200 or less, shall
pay ten dollars; and if exceeding $200, for o,ny addi-
tional $100 or fractional part thereof in excessof §200,
fivo dollars.
And inserting in lieu thereof the following:
The charge por diem they make dgainst thcirgruests
as follows, to wit: when they charge five dollars per
day,or over, they shall pay $2,000 per annum; when
they charge less than five dollars per day, and not less
than three dollars, they shall pay $1,000 per annum:
when they charge less than three dollars a day, and
not less than two dollars per day, they shall pay £100
per annum; when they charge less than two dol-
lars per day, they shall pay a tax of fifty dollars per
annum.
So that the clause will read:
Keepers of hotels, inns, or taverns shall he classi-
fied and rated according to the yearly lental, or, if
not rented, according to the charge per diem, <fcc.
Mr. PIKE. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding the following:
And when they charge SI 50 or less per day they
shall not be required to pay tax.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
21. Keepers of eating-houses shall pay ten dollars
Every place where food or refreshments of any kind,
not including spirits, wines, ale, beer, or malt liquors,
arc provided for casual visitors and sold for con-
sumption therein, shall be regarded as an eating-
house under this act. But the keeper of an eatmg-
liousc having paid the tax therefor shall not be
required to pay a tax as a confectioner, anything in
this act to the contrary notwithstanding.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to strike out in
line eleven hundred and fifty-two these words,
"not including spirits, wines." An eating-
house, as we understand it, includes the sale
of oysters and fermented liquors, ale, beer,
and other malt liquors. The words I have
mentioned ought of course to be stricken out,
and the section ought then to remain so that
these eating-houses shall be allowed to sell,
as they have always heretofore, ale, beer, and
other malt liquors.
Mr. MORRILL. This is exactly according
to the existing law.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read the next paragraph, as fol-
lows :
22. Confectioners shall pay ten dollars. Every per-
son who sells at retail confectionery, sweetmeats,
comfits, or other confects, in any building, sholl
be regarded as a confectioner under this act. But
wholesale and retail dealers, having paid tho tax
therefor, shall not bo rcquirod to pay tho tax as a
confectioner, anything in this act to the contrary
notwithstanding.
Mr. MORRILL moved to insert the word
"special" before the word "tax."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the next paragraphs, as fol-
lows :
23. Claim agents and agents for procuring patents
shall pay ten dollars. < Every person whoso business
it is to prosecute claims in any of tho Executive
Departments of the Federal Government, or procure
patents shall bo deemed a claim or patent agent, as
the case may be. under this act.
21. Patent-right dealers shall pay ten dollars.
Every person whose business it is to sell, or offer for
sale, patent rights, shall bo rcgardod as apatent-right
dealer under this act.
2o. Real-esstato agents shall pay ten dollars. Every
pcrspn whoso business it is to sell, or offer for sale,
real estate for others, or to rent houses, stores, or
other buildings or real estate, or to collcct rent for
others, shall be regarded as a real-estate agent under
this act.
20. Conveyancers shall pay ten dollars. Every
person, other than one having paid tho tax as
lawyer or claim agent, whoso business it is to draw
deeds, bonds, mortgages, wills, writs, or other legal
papers, or to examine titles to real cstato, shall be
regarded as a conveyanccr under this act.
Mr. MORRILL moved, in line eleven hun-
dred and eighty-one, before the word "tax"
to insert the word " special."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the next two paragraphs, as
follows:
27. Intelligence office keepers shall pay ten dollars.
Eveiy person whoso business it is to find or furnish
places of employment tor others, or to find or furnish
scivants upon application in writing or otherwise,
receiving compensation therefor, shall bo regarded
as an intelligence office keeper under this act.
28. Insurance agents shall pay ten dollars. Any
person who shall act as agent of any firo, marine,
life, mutual, or other insurance company or compa-
nies, to negotiate or procure insurance tor which he
receives any commission or other compensation, shall
be regarded as an insurance agent under this act:
Provided, That if tho annual receipts of any person
as such agent shall not exceed $100, ho shall pay five
dollars only: And provided further, That no special
tax shall be imposed upon any person for selling
tickets or contracts of iusurance against injury to
persons while traveling by land or water.
Mr. HOTCIIKI8S. I ask unanimous con-
sent to go back in order to move an amend-
ment.
There was no objection.
Mr. llOTCIIIvlSS moved in line eleven
hundred and seventy-eight after tho word
"others" in the paragraph relating to real-
estate agents to insert these words, "except
attorneys being licensed as sueh."
Mr. JIOOPER, of Massachusetts. There
are no licenses provided for in this bill. They
are all special taxes.
Mr. HOTCIIIvISS. I modify my amend-
ment, then, so as to "say special tax" instead
of "license."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LYNCH. I move to amend as follows:
Strike out in lines eleven hundred and ninety-two
and eleven hundred and ninety-three the words " ten
dollais" and insert these words: "whose annual
receipts exceed $100 and do not exceed $500 shall pay
five dollars; when over $500and not exceeding 85,000,
ten dollars; when over $3,000, fifteen dollars." Also,
strike outlines eleven hundred and ninety-eight and
eleven hundred and ninety-nine to and including tho
word " only " in lino twelve hundred.
Mr. Chairman, tho effcct of this amendment
will be to exempt insurance agents who receive
less than S100 and to increase the tax from ten
to fifteen dollars on all those who receive more
than $1)000. There arc very few who receive
less than !?100, while there are a great many
whose annual receipts are large, running up,
in some instances, to $200,000 per annum.
Mr. MORRILL. The gentleman will per-
ceive^hat in levying this special tax it is a sort
of protection to those who pay the tax against
those who do not. Now, if the gentleman's
amendment is adopted it will allow all his
neighbors to go into the same kind of business
without the payment of any tax provided their
receipts do not exceed $100. 1 hope it will
not bo adopted. The amount to be gained by
the other part of the gentleman's amendment
is so small and the burden upon the parties to
keep tho account would be so great that I think
it will hardly bo worth while to adopt it.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out the,
word "to" inline eleven hundred and ninety-
five and insert "shall."
Tho amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the next two paragraphs, as
follows:
20. Foreign insurance agcntssball pay fifty dollars.
"Every person who shall act as agent of any foreign
fire, marine, lite, mutual, or other insurance com-
pany or companies sliall bo regarded as a foreign
insurance agent under this act.
, SO. Auctioneers whose annual sales do not exceed
$10,000 shall pay ten dollars, and if exceeding 410,000
shall pay twenty dollars. Every person shall bo
deemed an auctioneer within the meaning of this act
whoso business it is to offer property for sale to tho
highest or bestbidder: Provided, Thatthcprovisions
of this paragraph shall not apply to judicial or exec-
utive officers making auction sales by virtue of any
judgment or decree of any court, nor public sales
inado by or for cxecutors or administrators.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out the
word " for," in line twelve hundred and thir-
teen, and insert the words "at public;" so
that it will read, "at public sale."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMES. I movo to strike out tho
word "or," in lino twelve hundred and eight-
een, and to add to the paragraph the words
" or guardians of any estate hold by them aa
such ; " so that it shall read:
Nor public sales made by or for oxccutors, admin-
istrators, or guardians of any estate held by them as
sucli.
Mr. MORRTLL. I think that is right.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I suggest to the chairman of
the committee the propriety of amcndingJJiis
paragraph by including in tho exemption sales
made by any mortgagee under foreclosure.
Mr. MORRILL. I think that ought not to
be excepted. It is one of the most profitable
sales we have.
Mr. DAVIS. I will then move to amend
by adding to the end of tho paragraph those
words: ,
Nor by any mortgagee under mortgage foreclosure.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. riOTOIIKISS. I move to amend by
adding to tho paragraph the words "and
lawyers paying a tax as sueh."
* Mr. MORRILL. I do not know that I un-
derstand tho gentleman's amendment. I doubt
if we ought make sucli an exception as will
allow lawyers to act as auctioneers.
Tho amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I movo that the commit-
tee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported
that the Committee of tho Whole on the state
of the Union had had under consideration the
Union generally, and particularly tho special
order, being bill of the House No. 513, to
amend an act entitled "An act to provide
internal revenue to support the Government,
to pay interest on tho public debt, and for
other purposes," approved June 30, 1804, and
acts amendatory thereof, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
taxes in alabama.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication signed by R. M. Patton, Gov-
ernor of Alabama, without the seal of the State,
in regard to taxes; which was referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Fouvi-.v,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
