1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
permitted to east the vote a majority of the
quorum may elect, arid tjie. majority of the
Legislature may not be present and voting at
all. That under a similar rule the joint meet-
ing of New Jersey have elected a United States
Senator who took his seat unquestioned.
I now come to the second point:
II. Was the "time,place, and manner" of
holding such election prescribed by the Legis-
lature in the sense of those words as used in
the Constitution of the United States?
There*is no objection to the' "time and
place;" the only question is, was the "man-
ner" prescribed in the sense intended by the
Constitution of the United States?
Neither the words "time" or "place'' affect
the question whether a majority of votes or
less is necessary to a choice. The whole ob-
jection must be to the defective prescription
of the "manner."
If the word "manner" has no reference to
number of voices that shall elect, then the
failure of the Legislature to proscribe the num-
ber of voices necessary to a choice is no ob-
jection to the indication by the joint meeting
of the number of voices by which the will of
the majority shall be expressed. In the ab-
sence of any legislative rule as to the number
of voices necessary, the joint meeting, as a de-
liberative body, had full power, under par-
liamentary usage, to determine, by a majority
of its members, the number of votes which
shall indicate their choice. In the present in-
stance they declared that the vote of a plurality
should indicate their choice; that vote indi-
cated Mr. Stockton. He was therefore the
choice of the joint meeting in the manner
indicated by the majority.
But if the word "manner" does relate to the
number of voices necessary to a choice, then
has no " manner" ever been proscribed by the
Legislature of New Jersey, by concurrent ac-
tion, but such " manner" has always been pre-
scribed by the rules of the '' Legislature in joint
meeting assembled." No Senator has, there-
fore, ever been elected from New Jersey. All
such elections have been void.
The Legislature may proscribe by other means
than a law. It may exercise its authority by
joint resolution, by rule, and by ordinance. And
each House prescribes l-ules for its own gov-
ernment. Under them the voicc of the House
may be taken in a variety of ways, by acclama-
tion, by tellers, by rising, and by yeas and nays.
When the action of either House is reported to
the other, they cannot inquire into the means
by which such action was arrived at; that is
controlled by the bodies themselves. Upon
what principle, then, can the "joint meeting" be
debarred from exercising the same privilege?
The rules of the Senate cannot bind them, for
they are not the Senate; nor can the rules of
tlfb House for the same reason. Yet there must
be rules or there would be anarchy.
Suppose, however, for the sake of the argu-
ment, that the "Legislature in joint meeting as-
sembled," is not the Legislature alluded to by
the Constitution of the United States, when it
directs that the "manner" of choosing Sen-
ators shall be prescribed in each State by the
Legislature thereof; that the joint meeting,
although competent to elect, could not prescribe
the "manner," and you are driven to the in-
evitable conclusion that "the manner," as the
expression is used in the Constitution, does not
necessarily include within its meaning the reg-
ulation of the number of votes necessary to a
choice, for the act in several other States, as
well as New Jersey, fails to prescribe the num-
ber of votes ncccssary, and the manner there-
fore has never been prescribed in any of these
States by the Legislature. Consequently, no
Senators have ever been constitutionally elected
therefrom.
It seems then that the "Legislature when in
joint meeting assembled" are competent to
prescribe the "manner" of election under the
Constitution, or "the manner" was sufficiently
described by the statute. One or the other of
these propositions must be true. Tn either case
the constitutional requirement is complied with.
" The Legislature in joint meeting assem-
bled," was the "manner" by the statute, and
the number of votes requisite to a choice—as
well as the method of making the result of the
individual choice of its members the choice of
the Legislature, and properly manifesting it
—were questions of custom and parliamentary
law; the authority to decide which was inher-
ent in the body from the necessity of the case,
and was, moreover, an incidental power re-
sulting from the duty imposed by the Constitu-
tion of the United States and the " manner"
prescribed by the Legislature.
Although the Legislature in joint meeting
assembled may not be able to pass a law, or
do any act which the Houses are required to
do separately, when it is admitted that they can
elect a Senator, it necessarily follows that they
can pass rules for their governance while in the
performance of that duty.
The distinguished Senator from Maine [Mr.
Fessexbex] said, in Harlan's case, (Thirty-
Fourth Congress, third session,) speaking of
the inherent powers of a Legislature when as-
sembled in joint meeting:
" The convention being formed" * * * *
"it remains to inquire what were the incidents of the
convention itself. A convention has certain legal
incidents. It has the power to adjourn if it is legally
formed. It has theT>owor to decide what shall con-
stitute a quorum, if thero is no overruling constitu-
tional provision on that point. It has the power to
organize. It has the power to decide who shall pre-
side over it. It lias the power of perpetuation, un-
less its existence is terminated by a superior power
at a certain time. Then tins convention being as-
sembled, whether under the statute or not, on corn-
ins togethei, had these incidents: the power of de-
ciding how the Senator should be elected, a powcrof
deciding what should constitute a quorum: the power
of deciding that, it might adjourn from day to day, or
do anything else that, it saw fit to do, and wa.s not
prohibited from doing by any provision of tile Con-
stitution of the United Slates."
The Constitution of the United States says
"the times, places, and manner of holding
elections for Senators shall be proscribed in
each State by the Legislature thereof!;" but
it is silent as to the particular mode whereby
such "times, places, and manner" shall be pre-
scribed, and when an act is required to be
done without any limitation as to form the body
required to perform sucli act may select any
form it chooses. The Legislature, therefore,
may perform the duties imposed upon it in
this instance either by statute, by concurrent
resolution, by joint resolution, by ordinance,
or by rule in joint meeting assembled. They
are not confined to the mode by statute, for a
statute requires the sanction of the Governor,
and the Governor is no part of the "Legisla-
ture." But, the second clause of the same sec-
tion of the Constitution says " Congress may
at any time, by law, make or alter such regu-
lations." Here the manner in which Congress
may perform this act is expressly provided. It
is "by law," i. e. by statute: but the more
comprehensive word "regulations,"?, e. rule,
order, or law, is used when referring to the
mode prescribed by the Legislature, ri&mely,
"may" " alter such regulations." The Legis-
lature, therefore, under the Constitution of the
United States, having full power to prescribe
"the times, places, and manner" in anyway
it shall see fit., neither the Senate nor the Con-
gress of the United States can dictatc to it the
mode in which such duty shall be performed.
Congress may " by law," under the Constitu-
tion, "make" regulationsofits own, or " alter"
those already made by the Legislature, but it
cannot interfere with the Legislature in its
selection of the mode by which it will perform
the duty imposed upon it by the Constitution
of the United States, and if Congress cannot
interfere, much less can the Senate of the
United States. As well might the Legislatures
of the several States attempt to dictate to Con-
gress the modes in which the}7 shall execute
the powers which have been granted by the
several States to the Union.
Mr. Badger, in the discussion of the Florida
case, says:
"The Constitution of the United States bestows
upon the Legislature the power of prescribing the
time, place, and manner of electing the Senators and
membors of the House of .Representatives. It confers
upon them the whole jurisdiction, thojentire power
ot making thelawin regard toclections. Tbosreiitie-
rnan (Mr. Yulee) has stated that only the formalities
of an election.the orderly method merely of conduct-
ing it, is committed to tlio Legislature, butnot th'olaw
of elections. This, surety, is not so. Does not the
Constitution of the United States givcthomthe whole
power? _Ccrtainly it does. The State has the power
to prescribe the time, place, and manner of the elec-
tion ; but Congress, the only other authority over t-ho
subject, has power only to regulate these three things'.
If, then, these do not include the whole power, then
the whole power is not by the Constitution conferred
at all. But this cannot be; ana hence, subject offly
to the control of Congress, the State has the entire
power over the subject."
Again, he says:
"Now, we must recollect that on thissubjectweare
dealing with a transaction which took place in Flor-
ida ; in a legislative body of that State, which not
only has power to prescribe its own rules,but also to
decide judicially upon the existence and operations
of a rule, so far as their elections are concerned."
Again, he says:
" Now, whether these 29 votes are to be considered
asvotcs of assent, or no votesat all, depends entirely
upon the laws and usages of the State of Florida.
The Congress of tho United States, not having exer-
cised the power which, under the Constitution, they
might exercise, to interpose regulations in regard to
the election of Senators, this election depended ex-
clusively upon thorule prescribed by the Legis'latora
of Florida. An attempt ismadc to show that there
is something in the decisions of other States and tri-
bunals, something in the nature of a general parlia-
mentary law, which controls the Stato of Florida on
this point,and fixes thecharacterof assentupon these
blank votcs. or makes them nullities. Permit me to
say, that if it were shown that every other State in
the Union, or on the face of the earth, had laid it
down as a rule that blank votes should be rejected,
or counted as votes of assent, this would not in tho
slightest degree affect this election, if a different rula
or practice has prevailed in Florida: for Fiorida, in
the absence of any legislation by Congress, has as
absolute a right to prescribe a rule or adopt a prac-
tice of her own, as to the mode of signifying assent
or dissent, as any other tribunal, or Legiolature, or
authority on earth. So that, tho question a.t last
comes around, not as to what is the rule of the Legis-
lature of JN ew Yorlt or Rhode Island, but what is tho
lule established by the Legislature of Florida? That
is the only question. Allow mc to remark that this
Senate has no jurisdiction to prescribe any rule or to
control any rule that has been prescribed ina State;
our function is purely judicial; we arc to judge of
the election, to say whether a party has been elected
according to the rules or practicc prevailing in tho
State from which he comes."
It has been the uniform custom for the-Le-
gislature of New Jersey In joint meeting assem-
bled to make rules for its government. Mr.
Stockton was chosen under the rules adopted
by the joint meeting. Whether the rules adopted
on that occasion when that election took place
were the same as on other occasions is not a
question which concerns the Senate of the Uni-
ted States.
Delegates to the Continental Congress were
elected in New Jersey in joint meeting before
the adoption of the Constitution of the United
States. Senators have always been elected in
joint meeting, and no joint meeting has ever
assembled in New Jersey that did not adopt
rules for its own government. Both under the
old and new constitution of New Jersey, the
acts of the Legislature which prescribed the
"manner" of election of United States Sena-
tors fail to go into detail as to the form of-taking
the sense of the joint meeting, because by both
constitutions the two Houses are clothed with
all legislative power, and arc a constitutional
Legislature when in joint meeting assembled,
and because the custom derived from parlia-
mentary law for them to make the rules for the
joint meeting, in joint meeting, each meeting
for itself, was older than the Constitution of the
United States.
A brief historical examination of this question
will place it beyond doubt.
The Constitution of the United States went
into operation March 4, 1789.
The old constitution of New Jersey, which
remained in force until 1844, went into opera-
tion July 2, 1776.
That constitution vested the government in
a Governor, Legislative Council, and General
Assembly. After providing for the election
of the two branches of tho Legislature, it de-
clares that the Council and Assembly jointly,
at theirfirst meeting after each annual election,
shall by a majority of votes cleet some fit per-
son within the colony to be a Govevnoi for one
year, who shall be constant President of the
