1866.]
appendix to the congressional globe.
M
39th Cong.... 1st
Death of Senator Foot—Mr. Banks.
Ho. of Reps.
Well, suppose he did not know it at the time
it was paid, but knew it afterward. It was a
Sabbath-day's bargain; made upon the Lord's
day. When he provided money to pay the
bargain, did he not ratify and indorse the bar-
gain? When he and I shall appear before
the eternal Ruler of the universe, to give an
account of our stewardships on earth, does he
expect thus to escape from that injunction of
the commandments, "Remember the Sabbath
day and keej> it holy," by saying, " I had noth-
ing to do with the bargain that Cannon and
Cowden made on the Sabbath day; I only
paid the money some time after the election;
although I paid exactly $2,000, and suspected
what it was wanted for?" Does lie suppose
that the Almighty Ruler of the universe will
elevate him, though a professor of religion, to
a higher heaven than that to which I shall
attain ? Does he expect in his profession of
religion to be a better man than I am, who
have never made any professions?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's second
hour has expired.
Mr. BROOKS. I am almost through.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope the gentleman
will be allowed to proceed, as he says he is
nearly done.
Mr. GRINNELL. How long does the gen-
tleman from New York want?
Mr. DAWES. It is for the House to say
whether the gentleman' s time shall be extended.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the gentle-
man's time shall be extended twenty minutes.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. BROOKS. I will not take time to read
all of the laws of the States, among them those
of New York, against the violation of the Sab-
bath. Here is the New York law forthe rigid
observance of the Sabbath:
/'There shall be no shooting, hunting, fishing,spar-
ring, horse racing, gaming, frequenting of tippling
houses, or any unlawful exercises or pastimes,on the
first day of the week; nor shall any person travel on
that day, unless in eases of charity or necessity, orin
going or returning from some church or place of
worship, &c.
" No person shall expose to sale any wares, mer-
chandise, fruits, herbs, goods, or chattels on Sunday,
except meats, milk,fish," * * * * "and
the articles so exposed for sale shall be forfeited,"
ccg.—Extract from lievi&ed Statutes, note, vol. 1, p. 678.
_ The law of New York is rigid, but? not so
rigid as the laws of Massachusetts; and I call
the attention of the honorable gentleman from
Massachusetts to the Sabbath law of his own
State, and I ask him if he is going to establish
the fact that it is right to buy and sell candi-
dates for office on the Sabbath day. If so, and
Massachusetts has any of that religion left which
her fathers had, he will have an account to
settle with her in November or December when
he returns home.
massachusetts.
"Sec. 2. "Whoever trades on the Lord's day, or
entertains any person not traveler, stranger, or
lodger, shall be fined.
"Sec. 4. Whoever is present at any game, sport,
or public amusement, except a concert of sacred
music, upon the evening next preceding the Lord's
da^'' * * ^ * * "shall be punished.
Sec. 11. Anymnholder,common victualer" * *
* * "keeping or suffering to be kept any place
or implements such as are used in gaming," * *
* * " or who on the Lord's day uses or suffers to
boused any implements of that kind, shall forfeit $100
or be imprisoned."
vermont.
Sec. 1. Forbids all secular employment.
" Sec. 2. If any person shall between twel ve o'clock "
* * * *. be present at any public assembly,
except for religious or social service or moral instruc-
tion, and shall visit from house to house except it
be from motives of humanity or charity, he shall pay
a fine.
"Skc. 3. No person shall travel on the Sabbath
day, or first day of the week, except for necessity
or charity, and every person so offending shall pay a
fine.
"Sec. 4. If any person shall after the setting of the
sun preceding the first day of the week, until after
twelve at night, hold or resort to any ball or dance, or
exercise any games, sports, or play, or resort to any
tavern, inn, or house of entertainmentfor amusement
or recreation, ho shall pay a fine.''
Now, Mr. Cowden, the agent of Mr. Dodge,
39tii Cono. 1st Sbss.—No. 13.
"gambled" on the Lord's day, "played,"
"sported," in reference to this election, and
Mr. Dodge found the money for the play, and
the gentleman from Massachusetts, a veteran
on the Election Committee, gives his sanction
to all that.
The laws of Maine ai'e yet more rigid. All
Of the laws of the New-England States are full
of the severest penalties; contracts are viti-
ated made on the Sabbath, and process cannot
be servfed. Yet here was this man; on the
Lord's day, gaming for the contestant in this
case, the contestant supplying the money.
What preposterous impudence of the contestant
t'O make charges against me, then, of fraud! If
I had stood in his position, covered from
beginning to end with bribery and money that
must have been used for fraud, I would never
have entered within the portals of thisOhamber.
But, sir, the contestant in this ease, while
indulging in bribery, so pronounced by the law,
and Sabbath breaking, does not hesitate to
speak very disparagingly of his constituents in
the fifteenth district, eighteenth ward:
"It is a river district," he says, "consisting of va-
cant lots, tenement houses, and puddles, in the midst
of the most degraded population of the city, and is
known as Mackerelville."
Sir, there is nothing done so degrading in
Mackerelville as this Cannon-Cowden-Dodge
bribery on the Sabbath day. And yet the com-
placent contestant, living on Murray Hill, looks
down on Mackerelville with an unutterable
contempt.
He reminds me again of my classics, as from
his money bags he surveys the laborer below.
It is Horace who says:
"Populus me sibilat, at mihi plaudo
Ipse domi, simul ae nummos contemplor in area."
Which may be freely translated, "Let the
Mackerelvillers hiss me; I am satisfied with
myself on Murray Hill, while I am looking
upon the money in my coffers."
And now, Mr. Speaker, I have stated my
case, not as well, not perhaps as fully, as I could
if time permitted. 1 ask of gentlemen of all
parties nothing but justice. Justice! justice!
justice! is what I want. Nothing less, nothing
more.
If I am to be thrown out solely because I am
not of the party in power, I say to my Dem-
ocratic associates, "Be content; 'the blood of
the martyrs is the seed of the church.' " But I
appeal to my Republican associates, with whom
I have served so long, for justice; I appeal to
the Representatives of my own native State
of Maine; I appeal to the Representatives of
Massachusetts; I appeal to my colleagues from
New York. If the honorable gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] is within the sound
of my voice—lie who is really the Government
of this country now—I should not appeal to his
mercy; I should hardly dare to crave his jus-
tice ; but I would ask him what benefit would
be gained for his party by the exchange of one
species of copperhead for another. [Laughter.]
Nothing at all. Nothing will be gained by any
such exchange as that. You know what my
record is. There it is, written out fair, plump,
and honest. You know it all. I am in your
hands. Do justice to me. Do to me as you
would be done by in a case like this, and such
eases will hereafter occurwhen you are defend-
ants, and others plaintiffs; and above all es-
tablish no fearful precedent in election cases.
Let it never be said that the majority of this
House, by its mere power, disregards justice
and truth at the cry of party, party, the party in
temporary power. You have nothing to gain
by such a proceeding. If you send me back to
New York you increase the majority in that
city two thousand votes or more in the district
I come from. If you drive me out, the peo-
ple will send me here again, and I beg and im-
plore you not to establish such a precedent as
you will establish by turning me out of this
Congress and seating my contestant.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Death of Senator Foot.
REMARKS OF HON. N. P. BANKS,
OF MASSACHUSETTS,
In the House or Representatives,
April 12, J866; '
On the character and public services of Hon. Solomos
Foot, late a Senatorfrom the State of Vermont.
Mr. BANKS. The high respect entertained
by the people of Massachusetts for the honored
Senator whose death has been announced by the
Senate renders it proper that in this House, as in
that of which he was a member, some tribute
should be paid in their name to his memory.
It devolves upon me, in behalf of my colleagues
and the people we in part represent, to dis-
charge this duty.
The State of Vermont acquired its territory
from New York, but its early population was
chiefly from New England. There has ever
been between them and the people of Massa-
chusetts an attachment that is due to common
interests and origin. The anniversaries she
cherishes are celebrated by us in connection
with her sons with the same spirit we give to
those of the Pilgrim fathers. In common with
other States of the Union we mourn this inscru-
table dispensation of Providence that has de-
prived a patriotic sister State of two sons so
distinguished, so honored, so trusted, and so
worthy, whose death she has been called to
mourn.
There is but one feeling, one manifestation.
It is that of deepest public regret. Families
sorrow for the affliction of bereaved families,
citizens lament the loss of statesmen and coun-
selors in whose experience and patriotism they
were accustomed to confide, and the State sym-
pathizes with her sister State bereft thus sud-
denly of her most trusted servants and brightest
ornaments.
It is but a short time since we were summoned
to pay the last solemn honors to the memory
of the Senator of Vermont, senior by years if
not in service. We are now called upon to ren-
der a fraternal and public acknowledgment of
the high honors due to the memory of her
remaining Senator.
There are few characters in American his-
tory more complete and perfect than that
of Senator Foot, or whose service has been
more varied, satisfactory, and important.
The public life of the late Senator, it is true,
was identified with the Senate of the United
States. Yet he had faithfully discharged the
minor but not less important duties of local
and neighborhood government which are so
essential to the maintenance of our institu-
tions and so closely identified with the destinies
of the nation, 1 e had been student, teacher,
professor, town officer, representative, speaker,
attorney of the people, constitutional legisla-
tor, and for a brief period, limited by his own
choice, a member of this body. He had
studied the science of medicine and of law,
the logic and passion of popular assemblies,
and in the course of his long and useful career
served his native State in every public capacity
except that of the executive or judicial admin-
istration of law. He had given much time
to public service in those assemblies and as-
sociations of the people which are unrecog-
nized by statute law, but which are of such
paramount importance to good government.
Knowing him as we do, we can well appreciate
how much he contributed, by his benign influ-
ence, in these unostentatious labors, to the
prosperity and stability of the State he loved
so well. Such services are the foundations of
the State. They make forms of government
practicable here which are impossible else-
where. They are the basis of American lib-
erty. It is in such duties that the people learn
to support and legislators to direct public ad-
ministration. We cannot over-estimate their
importance when performed by men of eminent
