1671
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
Council, and have a casting vote in their pro-
ceedings.
The Articles of Confederation became oblig-
atory on all the States in March. 1731. They
declared that Delegates should be cliosen in
such manner as the Legislature of each State
should direct.
Accordingly by an act passed in 1783, sec-
tion twenty-two, it was enacted that the Coun-
cil and Assembly in joint meeting at the first
sitting of the Legislatm-c after the annual elec-
tion, and at any other time when the same may
be necessary, shall elect and choose any num-
ber of Delegates not less than three nor more
than seven to represent this State in the Con-
gress of the United States, and shall agree
upon the form of credentials to be given them
of their appointment, which credentials signed
by the chairman of the joint meeting, shall au-
thorize the said Delegates to sit and vote on the
part of this State, in the Congress of the United
States, during the year or rime for which tliey
are elected, unless in that time superseded by
a new appointment: and it was further enacted
in section twenty-live, that no person sliail be
hereafter elected a Delegate to represent this
State in the Congress of the United States, un-
less he hath been a freeholder within this State
for at least three years, and an inhabitant of
the same for at least seven years next before
his election, and worth £1,00U in real and per-
sonal estate within this Stale. In addition, it
was required that he should take before one of
the judges of the court of common picas of the
State the oaths of abjuration and allegiance.
The joint meeting was established, then, by
our old constitution long before the Constitu-
tion of the United States. It was the instru-
ment of electing our Governor.
By the Articles of the Confederation the
Delegates were, almost in the language of the
present Constitution of the United States, to
be chosen in such manner as the Legislature
shall direct. The Legislature directed in joint
meeting. From 1781 to 1700, the Council and
Assembly met sometimes in the house of Mr.
llowell, in Trenton, in the library of the col-
lege at Princeton, in the Methodist church, in
the city ot liarlington, and m other places.
They made their own rules in reference to all
other matters except the number necessary to
elect the Governor which was provided in the
constitution. In reference to other officers,
when no rule was adopted as to the' number
necessary to elect, they elected not by an abso-
lute majority of the wholebody, but by a major-
ity of those present, fu ease a majority of
those present was not attainable, the rules of
practice required that only the two highest can-
didates should be voted for on the next ballot.
As, for example:
November 25, 178". The Council and As-
sembly met at the house of Francis Witt, in
'1 ronton. John Schurinan having declined his
appointment as treasurer, the joint meeting
proceeded to the election of another person in
his room. Kphraim Harris, Moore Furman,
and .lames Mott were nominated. Harris had
14, Furman 6, Mott 20. "Whereby it ap-
pears that neither candidate had a majority of
the votes present; therefore, the two highest
were voted for again."
This rule of the joint meeting, requiring the
name of the lowest candidate to be dropped,
was only one means of expressing the will of
the majority. It compelled certain members
either to remain silent, or east their votes for
one of the ^ two highest candidates. Strictly
speaking this is only another means of declar-
ing that the candidate who in reality is but the
choice of a minority of the members, should
be formally declared to be the choice of a major-
ity. A majority of the members present being
unable to agree in their choice of an individual,
consent that the parliamentary rule requiring
a majority shall be complied with, by compel-
ling certain of the members to forego their
preference. In order to do this certain mem-
bers must voluntarily surrender their rights,
otherwise no determination could be arrived at
by the majority. Is not this only another, and
a more arbitrary manner of declaring that the
choice of a plurality shall be the choice of,a
majority of the whole?
The rule which appears to have been always
adopted at the commencement of the session
was:
"Resolved, That the election of State officers flur-
ing the present session be viva vocc, and that all offi-
cers bo put in nomination at least one day before the
election."
• In reference to Delegates, the usual entry is
in this form:
"November 23, 1780. The Council arid Assembly
mot at the house of Mr. Bergen, in Trenton.
"The joint mooting proceeded to the election of
Delegates to represent this Slate in Congress, ami the
votes brine taken, Hon. John Withcrspoun, Abraham
Clark, William Churchill Jlonsfon, "William Patcrson,
"William .Darnell, Esqs., were duly elected.''
Ami a resolution followed empowering thorn
to vote and to represent the State in tho Con-
gress of the United States of North America.
When then, in 1789, the Constitution of the
United States became operative, the clause
which loft "the times, places, and manner''
of the election of Senators and Representatives
to the Legislatures of the several Stales, was in
accordance with the plan which had been thir-
teen years in use.
In 1790, on the 12th of November, the Le-
gislature of New Jersey passed another act in
reference to the duties required of New Jersey
by the Constitution, entitled "An act to pre-
scribe the manner of appointing Senators of
the United States, and Electors of the Presi-
dent and Vice President of the United States,
on the part of this State.1'
The first section is in these words :
" Be it enacted by the Council and General Assembly
of tlti9 Stat", ami if j'v he.rcbu enact rdby the authority of
the nam", That Senators of the United States on the
part ot the {State shall bo appointed by the Council
and General AtscinbJv of this State in joint meeting
assembled, on the first Tuesday of November of every
year in which this State is authorized to elect a Sen-
ator oi the United States, at the place where the Le-
gislatureshall then hit, and on huehotherday or days
as may &e appointed by the Congress of the United
States/'
The act provides for the Governor's filling
vacancies when the Legislature-is not in ses-
sion, the appointment of Electors for Presi-
dent, and concludes:
"That every person who shall be elected a Senator
or Elector on ihe part of this State shall be commis-
sioned by the Governor of this State, or the person
administering the government for the time bcmc.
under the great seal of the State."
JThcre was a supplement passed in October,
1790, and the 18th of January, 180-"), merely
referring to the time of election, Congress
having left the time, place,, and manner to
the Legislature. They say as to Senators as
they did in reference to Delegates, "By the
Council and General Assembly of this State in
joint meeting assembled." That Council and
General Assembly under this constitution be-
ing the Legislature, and under it, acting in
joint meeting, to elect the Governor.
The joint meeting of November 13, 170-1,
adopted for their government the rules and
orders of the House of Assembly. November
20,1794, fifteen rules and orders were adopted
for the government of the joint meeting, which,
with occasional additions and alterations, have
been adopted since that time. They were as
follows:
"1. That the election of State officers during the
present session be viva voce, unless when otherwise
ordered; and that all officers be put in nomination at
least one day before their clcction.
2. Tlvit the chairman shall not be entitled to
vote except in case of a tie, and then to have a cast-
mo: vote.
3. /That the chairman attend carefully to the pres-
ervation of order and regularity in transacting the
business of the joint meeting; that he shall not en-
gage in any debate or propose his opinion on any
Question without leave of the joint meeting.
4. That every member, when he speaks, shall
stand up in hi& place, and address himself to the
Chair. ■
"5. That m all debates and proceedings the mem-
bers observe the strictest dceorum, and that if any
one use indecent expressions or utter any personal
reflections, or otherwise offend herein, lie be cen-
sured according to the nature and aggravation of the
offense.
"G. That no debate ensue or question bo put as a
motion unless it be seconded, when it shall be open
to debate, and the same receive a determination by
tno question, unless itbo laid aside by the joiiitiacet- •
ing, or motion be made to amend it, to postpone it,
or for the piovious question.
"7. The previous question shall bo in this form:
Shall the main question now be put? And until de-
cided shall preclude all amendment and further
debate on the main question.
"8. If any motion contain more than nne simple
question any member nfay have it divided into as
many part? as there are distinct questions, if seconded
in his motion.
"9. That no member speak more than twice on the
same subject in the same debate without leave of the
House.
"10. That all questions of order be determined by
the chairman, subject to an appeal to the jointmect-
intr when demanded by four members.
"11. That when two or more members rise to speak
neailvatthe same time the chairman shall decide
who shall speak fust.
"12. "When any question is stated, and by the joint
meeting agreed to be put, no member shall bo at lib-
erty to withhold his vote without the leave of the
joint meeting.
"!•>. That the names of the members voting, <md
for whom thev have voted, "hall bo entered on the
minute.- if moved for and seconded.
/'II. Thrt the joint meeting may adjourn when the
list of nominations is not gone through with.
"15. That reappointments may be made without
resignations or the commissions being expired, if the
commissions of the poisons to be reappointed c.xpiio
the same sitting in which the joint meeting shall bo
held."
October28,1706, itwasresolvedthat the rules
and orders established by the joint meeting on
the 20th of November, 1794, as entered on their
journal for that elate, be the rules for the gov-
ernment of this joint meeting until otherwise
ordered.
In 1797 the rules of the 20th of November,
1791, were adopted, with the additional rule
opening the doors of the gallery, &c.
The journals of each year usually set out the
rules in detail, but occasionally only refer to
the portion altered, stating the rules of the
last joint meeting were adopted, with an ex-
ception, addition, or alteration, as the case
might be.
On the 2d day of September, 1814, a new
constitution went into operation in New Jer-
sey, which declared 1' the legislative power shall
be vested in a Senate and General Assembly."
In article seven, section two, in providing for
the appointment of civil officers, it says judges
of the courts of common pleas shall be ap-
pointed by the u Senate and General Assembly
in joint meeting.1' So with the treasurer and
keeper of the State prison and other officers.
The joint meeting is, under our constitution,
the Senate and General Assembly, in which
all legislative power is vested.
It is provided that the Governor shall be
elected by the legal voters of this State ; "the
person having the highest number of votes
shall be the Governor." If two or more shall
be equal and highest in votes, one of them
shall be chosen Governor by the vote of a'ma-
jority of the members of Houses in joint meet-
ing.
The necessity for expressing that it should
be a majority of both Houses in this case ex-
cludes the idea of any restraint on the power
of the joint meeting to make their own rules,
as they had been accustomed to do in'all
others.
April 2, 1845, Peter D. Yroom, Henry W.
[ Green, "William L. Dayton, and Stacey G.
Potts were appointed to revise the laws, sug-
gest amendments, &e.
The present act in reference to the appoint-
ment of United States Senator is to be found
in^their revision on page 806, as it is now in
Nixon's Digest, page 547, as follows:
Be it cnuctcd by the Senate and General -4<?«?cw-
bly of the State of iXew Jersey, That Senators of the
( united States on the part of this State shall be ap-
pointed by the Senate and (loncral Assembly of this
State in joint meeting assembled; and in case a va-
cancy or vacancies shall happen, by death or other-
wise, at any time during the sitting of the Legisla-
ture, then *md in such case the vacancy or vacancies '
so happening shall be filled during such sitting, by
the Senate and Assembly of this State: and if a va-
cancy nrvaenneies, by the death of either or both of
thesaid Senators, or otherwise however, shall happen
during the recess of the Legislature, then tho Gov-
ernor of the State, or in case of hi3 death, absence, or
other disqualification, the person administering the
government for the time being, inoy make a tempo-
rary appointment or appointments until tho next
meeting of the Legislature, which shall then fill such
vacancy or vacancies.
"2. And be it enacted, That every person who shall
