194
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 12,
Ho. of Reps.
Death of Senator Foot—Mr, Banlcs.
39th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
capacity or station, and we ought not to with-
hold from public servants the honor due to
those who faithfully discharge them.
It was not until Senator Foot appeared in
the Senate that his reputation became national
and his character fitly appreciated by the mil-
lions that now mourn his death. It is not
distinction that they lament. It is the loss of
valued service. The reputation still exists.
With the lapse of years it brightens, but the
capacity for public service, now, alasl more
than ever needed, is gone forever.
He entered the Senate in 1851. That mem-
orable year ushered in the most eventful period
of our national career. Congressional history
divides itself into three periods. The first is
that of the immortal Washington. It closed
■with the Administration of the second Adams.
Every President, with this exception, and
nearly every public man, had been numbered
with the founders of States, the heroes of the
war, or the fathers of the Constitution. It was
the revolutionary era.
The election of General Jackson brought
into operation new principles of action and
new elements of power. The West, then lim-
ited, with the exception of Louisiana and Mis-
souri, to the States east of the Mississippi, first
asserted its power and assumed to shape the
policy of the country in contradistinction to
that of the Atlantic States, North and South.
Its mission was the development of the conti-
nent and the maintenance and perpetuity of
the Union of States. Secession and nullifica-
tion were the enemies it first encountered. The
intellect of Webster dissipated the metaphys-
ical sophistries of secession, and the mailed
arm of Jackson struck down at one terrible
blow the hydra, nullification. Although pre-
sented under ordinary forms of legislation, it
is now too apparent that the leading object of
a portion of the people during the latter part
of'this period was the extension and perpetua-
tion of slavery, or, failing in that, the destruc-
tion of tho Government. This struggle cul-
minated in the measures of settlement in 1850.
It was in the succeeding year, at the very
opening of tho new age, that the Senator we
honor entered the Senate. The old parlia-
mentary leaders were passing away. A few
of the veterans still battled for a year or two,
and then all were gone. New men had risen!
Old principles were to he affirmed with new
zeal. The great States of New York and Ohio
had broken the lines of ancient parties by un-
expected and thorough revolutions in public
sentiment, and sent to the Senate the present
Secretary of State and the Chief Justice of the
Supreme Court. Massachusetts suffered a still
more surprising revolution in political opin-
ion, and was represented in the Senate by the
senior member of her present delegation. Other
States exhibited equally radical changes.
The South, though suffering no revolution in
opinion, had gained in unity of purpose and
intensity of spirit what it had lost in authority
or talent by the change of leaders. It was
too soon apparent that the bleeding wounds of
the country, though assuaged, were not healed.
Power had not won tho prize for which it strug-
gled, and concession had not secured the peace
it coveted. Contests occurred in different parts
of the country upon the execution of the meas-
ures of settlement. The compromise of 1820
was abrogated. Lurid flames of domestic vio-
lence and civil war appeared in the distant Ter-
ritory of Kansas. The presidential contest of
185t> first disclosed the organization of sectional
parties. States threatened secession. The flag of
the country was fired upon by domestic enemies.
Open rebellion ensued; and the most desolat-
ing and terrible war of all history was followed
by the surrender of the enemy, the cessation
of hostilities, the dissolution of armies, and
apparent peace. Neither the place nor occa-
sion offers fitting opportunity for the discus-
sion of these great events.
The new Senator from Vermont was called
upon to grapple with the first and each rapidly
succeeding fact in the history of the unparal-
leled treason. Resistance to the purpose of
the enemy and the organization of measures
and forces for the preservation of the country
opened to him a theater that might have sat-
isfied the highest ambition and the noblest
patriotism. Never greater constancy, never
higher wisdom, was demanded of man. In all
this history the deceased Senator, unshrinking,
unselfish, and equal to the occasion, bore well
his part.
It is enough for us to say, turning down here
the leaf of history upon his career, that none
of his august associates, either of the earlier
or later part of this great period, were more
worthy of the high office he bore. It is not
now in this presence undue praise to say that
in the review of sixteen years of memorable
senatorial service, amid complications and
perils unprecedented in our annals, he has left
nothing in word or deed that we can wish to
blot from his dying record. He satisfied the
country he served. He strengthened the cause
he honored with his support. His labors were
attended with constantly increasing success,
and his life, rounded to its full period, closed
with the respect of adversaries, the confidence
of constituents, the affection of friends, and the
admiration of the world.
It would be unjust to claim for him in any
especial degree those brilliant qualities of mina
or manner which, in the judgment of some per-
sons, constitute tho grace and charm of parlia-
mentary life. It was his apparent choice, the
approval rather than the applause of listening
Senates to command.
All nations have regarded with pride the
master-pieces of rhetoric and passion as well
as of massive reason and diction which the
.world calls eloquence. Our countrymen, per-
haps, carry this reverence to excess. It is not
by any means the highest attainment of states-
men, and often is found unaccompanied by any
quality of mind or heart which qualifies men
for affairs of government. Spccch-making is
scarcely ahigh art. It is, rather, what Dr. John-
son calls it, a knack. It is not comparable in
real importance with the power of conversation
or of debate in its true sense, still less with capa-
city for administration. Exuberance, and even
extravagance of speech, however, are the coun-
terpart and accompaniment of liberty. A vice
in individuals it may be, but it is the image of
virtue in an age. Yet it is not in itself power,
nor the accompaniment of power. Power exists
in integrity and truth. Rhetoric sustains as well
the apparent as the real cause. Great rulers
have been almost invariably silent, thoughtful
men. If it were well to gild refined gold or paint
the lily we might add to the majesty of great
actions the affluence and ornament of exuber-
ant and eloquent diction.
But the Senator we mourn never failed in
strong logic, convincing illustration, or intense
reason, when itwas required to satisfy theSenate
of the justice of his convictions or the wisdom
of his principles. Speech in him rather served
to sustain than command the judgment. He
had other avenues to the human heart than those
of imagination or persuasion. He silenced ad-
versaries and sustained friends by more effective
though less brilliant appeals. He depended for
success upon more enduring and nobler qual-
ities. Firmness of purpose, fullness of experi-
ence and information, integrity of principle,
constancy to duty, purity of character, serenity
of mind, correct judgment, unflinching coui--
age, and unceasing and honest labor, were the
weapons with which he won his conquests or
turned or struck a blow. In him spoke an
earnest, intelligent mind, and the illustrious
Commonwealth he represented. Individual
capacity and representative integrity gave him
authority and won for him the unfading honors
which will forever rest upon his name.
We recur with unalloyed pleasure upon this
sad occasion to the principles which adorned
the life of the departed statesman. Love of
man and love of country illustrated every act
of his public career. It is scarcely possible
that it should have been otherwise in private
life. "For when was public virtue to be found
where private was not?" No trace of selfish
aspiration, of unmanly detraction, or sordid
jealousy tarnished his official course. I do
not know in this hurried estimate of character
what in him was wanting that is necessary to
the formation of a'pure, patriotic, Christian
character. His life is proof that success in
public service is not inconsistent with strict
integrity, and that advancement does not always
wait on dissimulation and corruption.
The manly simplicity which distinguished
him ought not in this age of ostentatious and
effeminate luxury to pass unnoticed. It wa3
neither complaisance nor austerity. His man-
ner was unchanged, whether in the Executive
Chamber, the Senate, the committee-room, or
the social circle. He would have been the
same to peer and peasant. The ripe age to
which he lived, his unimpaired energies, his
genial and generous temperament, his elastic
step, and the jocund health so constantly beam-
ing in his open manly countenance, all attest
the purity of his habits of inind and body. They
were those of the people he represented. He
could cheerfully have shared with them in their
mountain home—
"A Roman meal.
Such as the mistress of the world found
Delicious, when her patriots of high note,
Perhaps by moonlight, at their humble doors.
And under an old oak's domestic shade,
Enjoyed, spare feast! a radish and an egg!"
It would be the unanimous judgment of men
that such capacity and experience ought to be
spared for the direction of the generations that
succeed each other. Butthe law of Providence
is otherwise. One existence cannot span two
lives.- It is a consolation to know that the
Senator we mourn lived the time allotted to
man, and that he died full of jears and of
honors. His career is perhaps not yet ended.
He who spoke the universe into existence, who
said, '' Let there be light and there was light,''
who created man in His own image, and gave
him dominion over the earth, may have called
him to another sphere for higher duties. We
may have yet the benefit of his love if not of his
care. It is but a step from one life to another,
which all alike must follow, from the least unto
the greatest, until we are one with God!
Happy it will be for us if in sharing the com-
mon lot we close a career as long, as useful,
as honorable, as pure as his whose loss we
mourn. The great struggle which opened and
closed with his career was finished. He had
assisted in removing from the escutcheon of
his country the foul stain that tarnished its
luster. He had fought the fight and kept the
faith. His name was honored among men.
He had received the highest honors of his State,
and of the Senate to which he belonged. He
had completed his work. Surrounded by fam-
ily and friends, he reviewed his life and settled
his accounts with man. He took his last fare-
well of those nearest and dearest to him. He
made peace with God. He was conscious his
end had come. He caught even from this side
glimpses of the blissful mansions above. He
asked not delay. What restrains the flight of
that immortal spirit? He has one thought,
one last thought more. It is for his country.
He is lifted from the couch of death that his
eyes may again rest upon its Capitol. The
massive columns, the extended wings, the
sculptured emblems of its progress and power,
the rising roof, the majestic dome, the goddess
of Liberty surmounting all, and pointing the
way he was to follow, gave him the last taste
of earthly pleasure! It is the palace of the
people, the symbol of Union, the temple of
liberty! and with this vision photographed
upon his immortal spirit he passed from earth
to God! May his translation be to us instruc-
tion and example!
