2634
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
House bill No. 568, to repeal section
twenty-three of chapter seventy-nine of the
acts of the third session oflhe Thirty-Seventh
Congress, with an amendment, in which the-
concurrence of the House was requested.
Also, that _ the Senate had passed a bill and
joint resolution of the following titles, in which
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House:
An act (S. No. 222) further to prevent
smuggling, and for other purposes; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 90) to suspend
temporarily the collection of the direct tax in
the State of West Virginia.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled a bill of the
following title; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (H. R. No. 280) making appropri-
ations for the service of the Post Office De-
partment during the fiscal year ending the
80th of June, 1867, and for other purposes.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the House
proceed to the business on the Speaker's
table.
The motion was agreed to.
JOSEPH NOCK.
The first business was Senate joint resolution
No. 71, referring the petitions and papers
in the case of Josepli Nock to the Court of
Claims; which was taken from the Speaker's
table, r£ad a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
DANIEL WINSLOVT.
The next business was Senate bill No. 149,
for the relief of Daniel Winslow; which was
taken from the Speaker's table, read a first
and second time, and on motion of Mr. Lynch
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
george henry preble.
The next business was Senate bill No. 17C,
for the relief of George Ilcnry Preble, a com-
mander in the Navy of the United States;
which was taken from the Speaker's table,
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
AMOSIiEAG MANUFACTURING COMPANY.
The next business was Senate bill No. 225,
for the relief of the Amoskeag Manufacturing
Company; which was taken from the Speaker's
table, read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Claims.
FIRST CONGREGATIONAL SOCIETY, WASHINGTON.
The next business was Senate bill No. 253*,
to incorporate the First Congregational Society
of Washington; which was taken from the
Speaker's table, read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee for the District
of Columbia.
CAPTAIN JOHN II. CItOWELL.
The next business was Senate bill No. 278,
for the relief of Captain John H. Crowell, an
assistant quartermaster of the United States
Army; which was taken from the Speaker's
table, read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
NOTARIES PUBLIC, DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
The next business was Senate bill No. 305,
to amend an act entitled "An act concerning
notaries public for the District of Columbia,"
approved April 8,1864; which was taken from
the Speaker's table, read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee for the
District of Columbia.
COMMANDER CHARLES HUNTER.
The next business was Senate bill No. 807,
authorizing the restoration of Commander
Charles Hunter to the Navy; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
JONATHAN IV. GORDON.
The next business was Senate bill No. 127,
for the relief of Jonathan W. Gordon, late ma-
jor in the eleventh regimentof infantry; which
was taken from the Speaker's table, read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims.
ASSISTANT SECRETARY OE THE NAVY.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 318, to authorize the ap-
pointment of an additional Assistant Secretary
of the Navy.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I ask that
that may be put npon it passage now.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gen-
tleman from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] was to
proceed to business upon the Speaker's table
for reference only.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I suppose it
can be considered now by unanimous consent.
Mr. MORRILL. Let the bill be passed over
for the present and remain on the Speaker's
table.
No objection was made.
PREVENTION OF SMUGGLING, ETC.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 222, to further prevent
smuggling, and for other purposes.
Mr. MORRILL. Lot that be passed over
for the present.
No objection was made.
DIRECT TAX IN WEST VIRGINIA.
The next business was Senate joint resolu-
tion No. 90, to suspend temporarily tho col-
lection of the direct tax within the State of
West Virginia; which was taken from the
Speaker's table, read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. ELDRIDGE moved to rcconsider the
various votes by which the bills and joint
resolution had been taken from the Speaker's
table and referred ; and also moved that tho
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TRANSPORTATTON AND COAL COMPANY.
Mr. INGERSOLL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to incorporate the Washington
Transportation and Coal Company ; which was
road a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was referred ; and
also moved that the motion to rcconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PRIZE PROCEEDINGS, ETC.
Mr. DARLING, by unanimous conscnt, in-
troduced a bill to amend an act entitled "An
act to regulate prize proceedings," &c., ap-
proved June 30, 1864; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
UNITED STATES CIRCUIT COURT, VIRGINIA.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, moved to take
from the Speaker's table Senate amendment
to House bill No. 563, to regulate the time and
fix the place for holding the circuit court of the
United Slates in the district of Virginia, and
fqr other purposes.
The motion was agreed to.
The amendment of the Senate was read. It
is to strike out all after line seventeen on page
1 to the end of the hill.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I move that
the House non-concur in the amendment of the
Senate, and ask for a committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to.
COLLECTION OP DUTIES ON IMPORTS.
Mr. BOUTWELL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, reported back House bill No.
141, to amend an act entitled "An act further
to provide for the collection of duties on im-
ports;" which was ordered t® be printed and
recommitted.
' %
TAX ON CIRCULATION OF STATE BANKS.
Mr. LYNCH. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution for considera-
tion at this time:
Resohtd, That tho Committee on Banking and
Currency be dircctcd to inquire into the expediency
of so amending the act of March 3,1865, imposing a
tax of ten per cent, upon all State circulation after
July 1,1S6<>, as to exempt from paid tax all national
banks which have applied for and have not received
the amount of national bills to which they arc en-
titled under section twenty-one of the national cur-
rency act: Provided, That tho total amount of tho
circulation of said banks does not exceed the amount
of national circulation to which they are entitled
under said section.
Mr. ANCONA. I object.
PROTECTION OF SOLDIERS' GRAVES.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution ; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That_the Committee on Military Affairs
be instructed to imiuiro and report what measures
may bo necessary for tho further protection of tbo
graves of soldiers of the United States who have
been buried within the limitsof the insurgent States.
WASHINGTON LAND AND BUILDING COMPANY.
Mr. MERCUR, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to incorporate the Washington
Land and Building Company; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia.
And then, on motion of Mr. THAYER, (at
twenty minutes of five o'clock p. m.,) the
House adjourn&d.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, «Src.,were presented under
the rulcand referred to the appropriate committees:
By the SPEAKER: The petition of Governor Mor-
ton, and the other trustees of the Indiana Agricultu-
ral College,asking an amendmenttothelawgranting
lands to agricultural colleges.
By Mr. CONKLING: The petition-of citizens of
Oneida county, New York, asking a readjustment of
the tariff on flax.
By Mr. DAVIS: The petition of Jedediah Barber,
J. I). Sliter, TtomasD. Challan, and 208 others, citi-
zens of Cortland county, New York, praying for
increased protection to the growers of American
wool.
Also, tho like petition of John L. Booran, J. M.
Clark, and 82 others, citizens of said county.
By Mr. EGGLESTON: The memorial of Charles
Kahn, jr., of Cincinnati, Ohio, claiming $1,395 25 as
compensation for forty-three head of cattle.
By Mr, OHTII: The pctitionof trustees of Indiana
Agricultural College, asking for a modification of the
law of Congress donating lands for such college.
By Mr.LYNCtl: Thepetitio'n ofllenryE. Earl,jr.,
for pension.
Also, the memorial of Board of Trade of Portland.
By Mr. M0011IIEAD: Tho petition of Lyon Short
& Co., and others, citizens of Pittsburg, Pennsylva-
nia, praying for the passage of an act of Congress
authorizing the Cleveland arid Mahoning Railroad
Company to extend their road to the city of Pittsburg,
Pennsylvania.
By Mr. MYERS: The petition of William Mann,
of the city of Philadelphia, that the Commissioner
of Patents be granted authority to hear his applica-
tion for an extension of his patent for "improvement
in copying paper" as though the ninety days' notice
required by law had been given.
By Mr. PAINE: The petition of W. M. Blair and
A. J. Frame, president and cashier oi the Waukesha
National Bank, of Waukesha. Wisconsin, respecting
the taxation of national banks by State and muni-
cipal authorities.
Also, the petition of G. Buckley, cashier of First
National Bank of Elkhorn, Wisconsin, on tho samo
subject.
Also, the petition of 0. Bell and W. A. Ray, presi-
dent and cashier of the National Bank of Dclavan,
Wisconsin, on same subject.
Also, the petition of S. Marsh and C. M. Blackmail,
president and cashier of the First National Bank of
Whitewater, Wisconsin, on same subject.
By Mr. WRIGIIT: The petition of John L. Sucss
for relief.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, May 17', 1866.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a communication from J. H. Ser-
ment, accompanied by an address to the Pres-
ident and Congress of the United States by
tho Swiss committee in favor of emancipated
slaves, expressing their gratification at the abo-
lition of slavery in the United States, and their
earnest wishes for the prosperity of the Amer-
ican people; which was? referred to the Com-
mittee oil Foreign Relations.
