1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
611
testimony of the sitting member is to be as-
cribed to me? I understand one of the grounds
on which objection is made here is that this
House will be unable to reach that at the proper
time when it ought to be reached. And then I
trust we shall have some information as to what
are the statutes controlling the taking of testi-
mony and presenting it to the Clerk in this case,
and how far that statute has been complied
with.
Mr. CONKLING. The contesting member,
as I understand it, desires to occupy the floor,
and technically he is entitled to it. I suggest,
therefore, that my colleague will get from him
what he desires on that subject.
Mr. JOHNSON. I desire to ask a single
question of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Brooks.] There seems to be an issue partly
made up by the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] which is not fully met by the gen-
tleman from New York; and that is, that infor-
mation was given in some sort of official way
to the sitting member of the fact that the Com-
mittee of Elections required that his papers and
testimony should be filed. I desire to inquire
of the gentleman whether the clerk of the com-
mittee, when he called on him, informed him
that the Committee of Elections had passed a
resolution requiring him to file these papers,
and whether the sitting member was notified
that it was by authority ?
Mr. BROOKS. I never had any information,
as I understood it, officially or unofficially, in
any form from the clerk of the Committee of
Elections, that that committee desired my pa-
pers. In conversation with him at various times
and at various places, he asked ine where my
papers were. 1 explained to him in conversa-
tion the very same facts and the causcs of the
delay which 1 have submitted to the House
here to-day, and how much I regretted it. And
I think at one time I suggested to him, if not
to others, that I should feel it my duty, if the
papers did not soon come, to appeal to the
House and ask the Sergeant-at- Arms to be sent
in pursuit of them. But T never had an inti-
mation, officially or unofficially, certainly no
paper whatsoever, on that subject.
Mr. DAWES. It is due to the Committee
of Elections that I should state that they un-
derstood, as a committee, thatatleasta dozen
times the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Buooks] had been notified. They understood
it as distinctly as possible, and at no time has
it come to the knowledge of the committee
that the gentleman was not entirely ready to
proceed with his hearing until such hearing
had been proceeded with two days, and the
first intimation the committee ever had from
the gentleman from New York, that I know of,
that he was not entirely ready to begin and
conclude the hearing, was when we took up
the Globe yesterday and saw there that on the
day before he had caused his papers to be re-
ferred to the committee. The committee did
-not know how it was. Just about a week ago
we learned from the Clerk of the House that
the gentleman f, om New York [Mr. Brooks]
had deposited with him a package of papers
directed to the sitting member, with instruc-
tions to keep them there until they were called
for. That is all the committee knew. I am
certain in the statement I now make in refer-
ence to the noticc by the committee to the sit-
ting member from the clerk.
Mr. BROOKS. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask a question? I suppose I may ask it
as 1 have been before the committee. I ask
him if I have not made two points before the
committee, namely: first, that the notice given
me of a contest was not within the time re-
quired by law, and that until that point was
decided f was not under the necessity of bring-
ing my papers before the Committee of Elec-
tions. because if the committee decided in my
favor there would never be any need of print-
ing or publishing the papers; and second,
that the contents of the notice were not given
according to law ? And 1 ask him it that argu-
ment is not now pending before the Committee
of El actions, and if 1 have not contended, as
I still contend, that so far as my action is con-
cerned, it was not necessary for me to seek for
the publication of these papers until the Com-
mittee of Elections first decided that the notice
was given within the thirty days required by
la'v, and that the contents of the papers were
according to law. The papers were in the
Clerk's possession, and the moment either of
these points was decided against me it was my
duty to bring them before the committee, and
not until then. That was the view I took of
the case.
Mr. DAWES. If it is no breach of privilege
for me to state what has transpired before the
committee, I will simply state that the com-
mittee, after having done through their clerk
what 1 have stated toward getting this case in
readiness, notified the parties to appear at a
given time and be heard, without any intimation
from either party that they were not ready. The
parties appeared before the committee without
any intimation of the kind suggested by the
gentleman from New York to the committee or
in their hearing, and the committee proceeded
in the ordinary way to the hearing of the case
during one day. The next day the gentleman
from New York desired to interrupt, that argu-
ment and to take the two points which lie has
now suggested, and the committee permitted
him to take the two points. Then for the first
time the gentleman suggested that he proposed
to hear this case as made up by the contestant
first, and, if it became neecssary for him, after
that he proposed to have certain papers in the
Clerk's office submitted to the llouse and re-
ferred to the committee. The committee replied
to that that they understood the parties were to
make up their record before they commenced
their hearing, and that if he was ready to go to
the hearing, upon the case us made up, let him
say so ; if not, to say so and show some reason
why he was not.
Mr. BROOKS. Will the chairman of the
Committee of Elections answer this question :
if the committee had decided the first point in
my favor, would it have been necessary to pub-
lish my papers at all?
Mr. DAWES. Certainly not: but I submit
that it was not for the gentleman from New
York to take that risk. It is the risk that every
parly in a court takes if he relies upon a simple
point and prefers not to prepare his case other-
wise.
Mr. BROOKS. But I did not rely on a sin-
gle point. I relied on another point before the
committee, and I want the gentleman to answer
this epiestion: if the notice was not in accoid-
ance with law, would it be necessary then to
print my papers?
Mr. DAWES. Everybody understands that
it would not be. Everybody understands that
when a party is summoned into court he makes
such preparation to meet the ease as he thinks
the ease demands, and if he has confidence
enough in any particular point not to deem it
necessary to make up a record involving any
other points, he goes to trial on that point.
Mr. HALE. The question which I ask the
chairman of the Committee of Elections, for the
information of the House, is this : what would
be the probable extent of the delay to bo caused
by the printing of the evidence of the sitting
member ?
Mr. DAAVES. I am unable to say, for I have
never seen it. I have only heard lVom the sit-
ting member that it is very much more volumi-
nous than what we have already, which makes
five hundred and forty-one pages.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would like to know
from the gentleman from Massachusetts, for my
own information and for that of the House,
whether the law requires that the testimony in
contested elections shall bo presented to the
House by any particular time.
Mr. DAWES. The law requires the parlies
on both sides to cause the evidence to be re-
duced to writing when it is taken, and the law
limits the time of taking testimony to sixty days.
It must be taken within that time. That time
ended in A pril last 3*ear. The law requires the
testimony to be reduced to writing by the officer
taking it in the presence of the parties then and
there, and within that time, and by him sea!ed
up and directed to the Clerk of the House of
Representatives, and sent to the Clerk, and by
him presented to the House.
Mr. EARNSWORTH. I understand this to
be merely a question about printing.
Mr. BROOKS. There is nothing about print-
ing in the law.
Mr. DAWES. It is more than a question of
printing as it is presented to the House. It is
an instruction to the committee to receive and
consider as taken conformably to law testimony
which comes in under these circumstances, and
thev cannot help themselves.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Conklinq] asks that the contestant,
Mr. Dodge, be allowed to address the House.
Is there objection?
Mr. BROOKS. I shall notobject—although
the gentleman has certainly no legal or consti-
tutional right to appear in the case—if it is un-
derstood that I shail have an opportunity to
I reply to him.
Mr. CONKLING. Docs my colleague say
that the contestant has no right to be heard?
Mr. BROOKS. He has no such right under
I the rules and orders of the House at this period.
He is not so much a member of the House and
entitled to be heard here as are the members
from Tennessee.
Mr. CONKLING. Then! beg to remind my
colleague that his lack of rightto be heard must
be o iug entirely to a technical omission in the
resolution. I think I am right in saying that
the usage of the House is uniform that contest-
ants are allowed to be heard when their cases
arc under consideration.
Jlr. BROOKS. But the case is not under
consideration. There is no precedent for allow-
ing a contestant to be heard at this slage. But
do not, understand me as objecting. 1 do not
object, with the understanding that 1 shall have
I a right to reply.
] The SPEAKER. The Chair will_state that
; he has examined the resolution, and it does not
i give the right to the contestant to speak upon
the case. But the uniform usage of the House
; has been that whenever a contested-election
j case is before the llouse, the majority of the
House can give the contestant a right to be
heard.
Mr. GRINNELL. I move that the contest-
ant in this case, Mr. William E. Dodge, be
allowed to address the House at this time.
'The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DODGE then took the floor.
Mr. ELDR1DOE. I move that the sitting
member in this case be allowed to reply to the
contestant.
The SPEAKER. The contestant is now en-
titled to the floor. After he shall have con-
cluded his remarks, the motion of the gentle-
man will be in order.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. Is the contestant entitled
to address the House without its unanimous
consent?
The SPEAKER. He is; the Chair has just
! decided that he can do so by vote of the major-
; ity of this House. Before he proceeds with his
; remarks, the Chair will ask leave to lay before
! the House two messages from the President of
the United States.
dominican republic.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following message from
the President of the. United States:
To the Senate and House of Representatives:
Believing tjiat the commercial interests of our
country would be promoted by a formal recog-
nition of the independence of the Dominican
republic, while such a recognition would be in
entire conformity with the setlled policy of the
U nited States, I have with that view nominated
to the Senate an officer of the same grade with
■ the one now accredited to the republic of Hay u,
1 and I recommend that an appropriation be made
by Congress toward providing for his compen-
I nation. ANDREW JOHNSON.
I Washington, January 30, 1866.
