1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
be elected a Senator on the part of this State, shall
be commissioned by the Governor of this State, or the
person administering the government for the time
b§mg. under the great seal of the State."
The Legislature were no longer the Council
and General Assembly, but tlie legislative power
had -been vested in the Senate and General As-
sembly by the n,ew constitution, and they are
commanded by the Constitution of the United
States to prescribe the manner. Hence the
changed form of the act.
In 1845, 1846, 1847, 1848, 1849, and 1850,
the rules for the election were prescribed as
they had been before the adoption of the new
constitution: sometimes adopting the rules_ of
the last joint meeting, and sometimes altering
them.
In 1851, after electing the officers in the usual
way. the Journal states that the following rules
for the government of the joint meeting were
read, (and after setting them out at length.)
Mr. Edward G. Rogers moved that the lirst
rule be amended by striking out the words
"viva voce," and inserting the words "by bal-
lot'' in lieu of it; not agreed to. Adjourned
to February 14, 1851.
Mr. Canfield offered the following resolution,
which was agreed lo:
" Thatno person shall be elected to any office at any
joint mectingdurmgthc present session, unless there
be a majority of all the members elected personally
present, and agreeing thereto."
Nominations were made for Senator; 40 votes
were necessary to a choice under the rulc.^ No
one receiving the requisite number, the joint
meeting adjourned.
After various adjournments and efforts to
elect, Mr. Hineline offered the following :
"Unsolved, That the rules of the joint meeting re-
quiring a majority ot all the members elected to the
Legislature to elcet any officer bo rescinded, and that
a majority of those voting be sufficient to elect any
officer to be appointed by this joint meeting.''
The motion being agreed to, a ballot was
taken, and a United States Senator declared
■elected by 3!) votes ; they being a majority of
all cast.
In 1852 they adopted fifteen resolutions, which
are set out in the Journal, to govern the joint
meeting, on motion of Mr. Alexander.
In 1853, the same, on motion of Mr. Sit-
gr eaves.
In 1851. on motion of Mr. Mulford.
Some of (lie officers ''chosen" by tlie joint
meeting in nearly every session were chosen
without a ballot or a poll—by acclamation, as
it was termed.
1855. Mi. Allen moved that the rules of the
last joint meeting be the rules for the govern-
ment of the present joint meeting, until other-
wise ox-dcred. Motion was agreed to; and the
rules were read, and adopted.
Mr. Allen moved the following as an addi-
tional rule for the government of this joint
meeting •
"That all candidates for office upon receiving a
maioiity of the votes cast by this joint meeting shall
bo declared duly elected."
Motion agreed to, and rule adopted accord-
ingly.
Mr. Roberts moved the following:
"Raolvcd, That this joint meeting will vote for the
officers on nomination by voice, except for the treas-
urer and keeper of the State prison, which officers
shall he voted for by ballot, after the election of the
other officers."
Mr. Allen moved to amend the resolution by
striking out the words "by ballot."
Motion to strike out agreed to.
Mr. Hoxsey moved to amend the resolution
by striking out all after "resolved," and in-
serting "that this joint meeting in voting for
treasurer and keeper of the State prison will
vote by ballot." Motion to strike out and
insert was not agreed to, &c.
In 1859, Mr. Buckley moved that the rules
of the last joint meeting be adopted as^ the
rules for the government of the present joint
meeting, until otherwise ordered.
Mr. Chandler moved as an amendment to
the said motion that the twelfth rule of the
last joint meeting be omitted, and that the
vote on liis amendment be taken by ballot.
Mr. Buckley moved that the vote be taken
viva voce.
The vote was ordered to be taken viva voce;
the amendment not agreed to, and tlie rules of
the last joint meeting adopted.
In 1800, on motion of Mr. Buckley, the rules
of lastj$int meeting were adopted and set out
in the journal.
In 1861, Mr. Demarest moved that the rules
of tlie last joint meeting be adopted asthe rules
for the government of the present joint meet-
ing until otherwise ordered, which motion was
agreed to, and said rules adopted, as follows:
"1. That tho election of State officers during the
present session be viva voce unless when otherwise
ordered.
" 2. That tho chairman shall attend carefully to
the preservation of order and regularity in transact-
ing the business of the joint meeting, and that ho
shall not engage in any debate, or propose his opinion
on any question, without leave of tho joint meeting.
" 3. That every member when he speaks shall stand
up in his place, and address himself to the Chair.
"'4. That in all debates and proceedings the mem-
bers shall observe tlie stiietest decorum, and that if
any one use indecent expressions, or utter any per-
sonal reflections, or otherwise offend herein, he be
censured according to tlie nature and aggravation of
the offense. .
"5. That no debate ensue, or question be put on a
motion, unless it be seconded, when it shall be open
to debate, and the same leceive a determination by
tho question, unless it belaid asideby the jointmoet-
ing, or a motion be mado to amend it, to postpone it,
or lor tho previous question.
"6. Tho previous question shall bo in this form:
Shall tho main question now be put? And until
dccidcd, shall preclude all amendments and further
debate on the main question.
"7. If any motion contain more than one simple
question, any member may have it divided into as
many parts as there aredistinetquestions, if seconded
in his motion. . . *"
"8. That, no member speak more than twice on the
same subject in the same debate, without leave of
the joint'meeting, .
" 0. That all questions of order be determined liy
the chairman, subject to an appeal to the joint meet-
ing when demanded by tour members.
"10. That when two or more members riso to speak
nearly at the same time, the chairman shall decide
who shall speak first. . .
"It. When any question is stated, and by the joint
meeting agreed to be put, no member shall be at lib-
erty to withhold his vote without leavo of the joint
meeting.
"12. The names of the members voting, and ior
whom they have voted, shall be entered on the min-
utes, if moved for and seconded; and tho ayes and
noes shall be entered upon tho journal upon every
question taken in tho jointmoeting, other than ques-
tions of appointment, when moved for and seconded
by five members, except tho vote be unanimous.
" 13. That the joint meeting may adjourn when the
list of nominations is not yet gone through with.
"It. Tho apnointments or reappointments may he
made without'resignation or the commissions being
expired, if the commissions of persons in office shall
expire the same sitting, or within two months there-
after: Provided, That when anew appointment is
made, the personso appointed shall notbc considered
as in commission until the expiration of the com-
mission of the former person whose place it is to
supply.
"15. That in allquestionsthechairman ofthejoint
meeting be called upon to vote in his turn as one of
the representatives in the Senate or Assembly, but
that he have no casting vote as chairman.
"16. That all candidates for office upon receiving
a majority of the voles cast by this joint meeting
shall be declared to be duly elected."
It will be observed that in the second rule
adopted in 1794, the chairman was not entitled
to a vote, except in case of a tie, and then to
have a casting vote; and by the fifteenth rule,
as above, he votes in his turn as a member, but
has no casting vote.
In 1862, Mr. Demarest moved that the rules
of the last joint meeting be adopted for the
government of this joint meeting.
; On motion of Mr. Cook, the rules were read,
j Mr. McGrath moved to amend so thai the
I voting would be by ballot. The yeas and nays
being demanded, resulted—39 yeas, 40 nays.
So said amendment was not agreed to. The
main question was then put and agreed lo.
In 18G3, on motion of Mr. Randolph, the
rules of the last joint meeting were adopted for
the government of this joint meeting.
In 1804, on motion of Mr. Buckley, the rules
of the last joint meeting were adopted for tho
government of this joint meeting.
In 18G5, tho joint'meeting that elected Mr.
Stockton, the Journal says:
February 15. Mr. Holsman moved that the
rules of the last joint meeting be adopted for
the government of this joint meeting-, except
tlie sixteenth rale, for which be offered the fol-
lowing resolution: - ,
" liesohed, That no candidate shall bo declared
elected unless upon receiving a majority of the votes
of all the members elected to both Houses of the Le-
gislature."
Which was agreed to. ' - ■•
March 15. The day to which thejomt me'et-
g had been regularly adjourned.
Mr. Holsman offered the following resolu-
tion, and movetj its adoption:
"Resolved, That the resolution that no candidate
shall be declared elected unless upon receiving a
majority of tho votes of all the members elected to
both Houses of tho Legislature be rescinded, and
that any candidate receiving a plurality of votes of
the members present, shall bo declared duly clectcd.
- Which resolution was adopted by a majority
of all the members clectcd.
So that the rules of this joint meeting were
the first fifteen rules adopted in 1861, and this
last resolution in place of the sixteenth. That
is, tho plurality rule adopted in place of the
rule requiring a majority of all electcd which
had been on the first day of the session of the
joint meeting substituted for the sixteenth rule
of the last joint meeting, which required only a
majority of those voting-.
Enough has been said to show that the joint
meeting in New Jersey havcalways made their
own rules. Being-the Legislature, under the
constitution, they needed no directions as to
the rales of their joint action, but made them
by parliamentary law, and custom dating before
the constitution and continued to the present
day.
Mr. President, I have but one other point to
present to the Senate and then I shall close.
[ insist upon it that the Legislature acquiesced
in the mode of tlie election, and unanimously
ratified it as their elioicc.
The Journal shows that each House sepa-
rately in tho usual form unanimously adopted
a resolution to go into joint meeting. Every
member of both Houses was personally present
at tho time specified in pursuance of the reso-
lutions, and voted to establish rules for the
government of tho body in conformity with the
uniform practice since the adoption of the Con-
stitution of the United States. Among others:
"That no candidate should be declared elected
unless upon receiving a majority of all the members
elected to both Houses of tho Legislature."
At an adjourned session every member of the
Legislature elccted was present in pursuance
of resolutions of the Houses to that effect, for
the purpose of electing a United States Sen-
ator, when the vote was taken to rescind that
rule, and substitute for it a rule that any candi-
date receiving " a plurality of votes of the mem-
bers present shall be declared duly elected."
This rule was adopted by a majority of all
the members elected, every member elected
present and voting. Mr. Stockton received
40 votes, no one else receiving more than 87;
there being 4 scattering votes.
Mr. Stockton was declared elected, in the
presence of the whole Legislature; not one of
whom expressed any dissent. The joint meet-
ing transacted some other business and ad-
journed sine die; the Legislature was in ses-
sion some fifteen days after the adjournment
of the joint meeting, and finally adjourned for
the session without one word of protest There
has not been one single word ol legislative pro-
test against it troin that day to this. Certain
individuals who allege that they were mem-
bers of that Legislature, and I presume they
were, did bring in a paper here protesting
against my election, but there has been no le-
gislative protest, no action on the part of the
body that did the acts complained of as being
improperly done. _ .
Mr Stockton was duly commissioned by the
Governor of the State, under the great seal of
tho State, as provided by the act.
This was the will of the Legislature, expressed
in the manner the majority had previously pre-
scribed. and subsequently acquiesced m by all.
It can, therefore, in no proper sense, be called
a plurality election.
The two bodies met and gave a joint vote
under a law which authorized it. The Houses
