612
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
Mr. BANItS. I move that the message be
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
IMPERIAL MEXICAN EXPRESS COMPANY.
The SPEAKER, byunanimous consent, also
laid before the House the following message
from the President of the United States:
To the House of Representatives:
In compliance with the resolution of the
House of Representatives of the 10th ultimo,
requesting information in regard to the organ-
ization in the city of New York of the Imperial
Mexican Express Company, under a grant from
the so-called Emperor of Mexico, I transmit a
report from the Secretary of State and the
papers by which it was accompanied.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington*, February 1, 1800.
Mr. BANKS. I move that the message and
accompanying papers be referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE AGAIN.
Mr. INGEPuSOLL. If it is in order, I would
like to move that the sitting member in this
case [Mr. Brooks] shall be allowed to reply to
the remarks of the contestant.
The SPEAKER. The contestant is now
entitled to the floor, and that motion is not
now in order.
Mr. DODGE, (the contestant.) I am very
much obliged to this liousc for the courtesy
extended to me on this occasion, and 1 will not
trespass upon its attention by any extended
remarks.
The election in question was held on the 8th
day of November, 1SU4. Immediately after
that election there were very strong evidences
that there had been irregularities and frauds in
the eighth election district of New York more
than sutlieicnt to overcome the small plurality
claimed by the sitting member. The whole
vote of the district was about '2"2,000; and the
silling member claims a plurality of 148 votes.
Reluctant us 1 was to enter into such a contest,
yet I was urged to it from all parts of the coun-
try, and especially by those who had taken a
deep interest in the canvass in my own district.
And out of deference to them and to public
sentiment generally, I felt it to be a duty to
expose, as I thought 1 had an opportunity to
expose, tin' machinery by which for years the
wealth and influence of the mercantile portion
of the city of Now York had been deprived of
a proper representation on the floor of Congress.
The necessary legal notice was made and served
upon the sitting member. On the 20th day of
February we convened to take the testimony
under my notice, and on the 8th of April the
taking of the testimony on the part of the sit-
ting member was closed.
The testimony taken on my part was taken
in charge by .J udge Brady, before whom it. was
taken. He took charge of all the papers, sealed
tin in up according to law, and they were trans-
mitted to the Clerk of the House of Represent-
atives during the fall, and were here in his pos-
session before the opening of Congress. And
on the second (lay of the session my friend
from New York [Mr. Raymond) moved that
the papers presented on my pari be referred to
the Committee of Elections, and bo printed;
and he likewise moved that the contestant have
the privilege of the floor. 1 have sat here for
two months, taking a deep interest in the de-
bates that have been going on, but compelled
to be a silent listener. I have been exceed-
ingly anxious on personal grounds that this con-
test should be settled at as early a day as pos-
sible. I stated to the chairman of the com-
mittee that I believed that my papers were the
fii-t thing before the committee; that thev had
bi' presented before the papers of any other
cO'itL.-nnt. and that, I hoped my ease would be
tak, ii up immediately. The chairman said to
me in reply _that the committee had as yet only
one side of the ca.se before them; that the
papers of the sitting member had not been pre-
sented. I immediately wrote to my counsel in
New York, stating to him that, notwithstand-
ing the promises that had been made to him
by the counsel of the sitting member, that un-
der no circumstances should the sending for-
ward of that testimony be delayed beyond the
opening of Congress, it was impossible for me
to obtain a hearing before the committee, be-
cause the papers of the sitting member were
not here. I constantly annoyed the chairman
of the committee by asking him when my case
would come up, and continually received the
reply that the papers on the other side had not
been received, and that he had more than once
notified the sitting member through the Clerk
of the House that the committee were ready to
have the testimony on my side printed, and
that if he had any testimony to print, it must
be here.
Knowing that there was to be a prolonged
adjournment for the holidays, I sent again to my
attorney in New York and urged him to see the
attorney of the sitting member and ascertain
whether it was not possible to have the testi-
mony sent here, that it might be printed, that
the case might come before the committee, so
that I might know whether I was to have the
privilege of participating in the important dis-
cussions of this body or whether I was to return
to my home and engage in my ordinary mercan-
tile business. My attorney wrote to me, from
day to day, that those papers would be here.
I knew where those papers were. I knew
where they had been ever since the close of the
investigation. 1 knew where they had been
through the sptingand the summer and the fall:
that they had never been in the bands of the
judge. They were in the hands of the attorney
of the sitting member, who had assured my
attorney that they should be ready in time.
The attorney of the sitting member stated that
for this purpose he had taken the papers with
him into the country during the summer, that
he might embrace the opportunity to examine
and arrange them. When, late in the fall, he
was again urged to produce those papers, he
pleaded want oft ime, professional engagements,
and the great difficulty of getting the papers in
order. He said that he was very anxious to do
so, and for that, reason, as he had business out
in the oil regions, to examine into the title of
some lands there, he would take the testimony
out with him, that he might take advantage of
any leisure time to prepare it for transmission
to the. House.
1 repeatedly urged my attorney to see whether
it was not possible to get those papers here ;
for I took it 1'or granted that 1 should get no
hearing till they came. He called again and
again on the attorney of the sitting member,
and that attorney finally said to him, " Come
hero to the oflieeand look over the matter with
me here, and see whether it is all right,.'' My
I attorney assented to that,, and told him, "Fix
I it all itii in your own way; only get off the
i papers as quickly as you can.'' and wrote him
a note which has been read at the desk, the
whole object being to get the papers here, if
possible, that we might go on with the investi-
gation.
I knew perfectly well that the sitting member,
who has been, so long a member of this House,
and who ought to be familiar with the statute
on this subject, was not conforming to that
statute, but that he was delaying and delaying.
Why he was doing so I could not understand,
but it was perfectly plain that lie was doing so.
I was anxious that the papers should be sent
here. I wanted them published in time. I
wanted them published with the testimony on
my own side, because the cross-examinations
on the taking of his testimony are quite as
valuable to me, in many instances, as the ex-
amination of my own witnesses.
At last, sir, we obtained a hearing before the
committee. My counsel left his business in
New York and came forward for five days be-
fore the committee. Mr. Brooks was there.
He was there with his books. The chairman
said they were ready to hear the argument.
My attorney's argument occupied an hour or
an hour and a halfv Not a word was spoken
by Mr. Brooks. Not an objection was made
by Mr. Brooks ; not a word about his papers.
I took it for granted that he had made up his
mind they were of little value, and that, he would
go into the contest on my papers, where he had
such a lengthy cross-examination.
On the second day of the committee I was
met there by an unexpected motion on the part
of Mr. Bkooics. The motion was to turn me
out of the committee, and have the case, as the
lawyers say, quashed, because I had 110 stand-
ing before the committee, having failed to com-
ply with the statute by not giving him notice
of thirty days. He argued that case before the
committee. He argued during two sessions of
the committee whether the thirty days should
be from the report of the county canvassers or
the report of the State canvassers. I have no
information of the decision ol the committee,
but I have understood unofficially it was unan-
imously against him.
I thought he would be prepared now to go on
with the examination, but he now raises another
question for the decision of the committee, and
that is want of sufficient and explicit notice to
him as to the specifications and charges 1 have
made. That he is now arguing, or in the process
of arguing. Now, sir, although for more than
eight months the sitting member had not m any
way conformed to statutes so clear and so spe-
cific, which he of all other men ought, to have
known, and which I could hardly be expected
to know, he being a member of Congress for
so long and accustomed to the routine of this
House—that he should not have known this, I
say, was very strange. 1 was satisfied there was
something—what it was I could not imagine—■
that there, was something which satisfied him
this would be of no consequence, for he would
not have any necessity to use it; that there
would be no necessity to present it.
Now, Mr. Speaker, F never would have raised
the question whether or not he had complied
with the statute if his testimony had been here
in time, lfit had been here to have been printed
I would never have objected to it; but he has
had my book—which he has read here to-day—
in his hands for weeks, while I have not had an
opportunity to see his.
Now, at this late period of the session, when
two months have already expired, and when
questions of such largo interest to the nation,
and especially to the commerce of the on y which
1 believe I was called on to represent—which I
have not a doubt I am legally entitled to rep-
resent—when questions of such vast, magnitude
are coming before the House. I feel that 1 ought
to have an opportunity to participate in its de-
liberations if I am to have an opportunity at all.
But, sir, I have been met on his part by a
strict conformance to the statute, requiring from
me the most strict adherence to the law, and
now I feel it to be my duty to state to the House
most clearly and positively that, the gentleman
has not in any way adhered to the statute. The.
statute was read by the chaiiman of the com-
mittee, and with your permission I will refer to
it again. It declares that the testimony of the
witnesses, together with the questions proposed
by the parties or their agents, such magistrate
is authorized and required to cause to be re-
duced to writing in his presence and in the
presence of the parties or their agents, signed
and duly attested by the witnesses respectively,
which ho shall immediately transmit by mail,
duly certified under his hand and seal, to the
Clerk of the House of Representatives for the
time being. Now, Mr. Speaker, if I may con-
clude that the sitting member has had in his
hands or the hands of his counsel this testimony
for the last eight months, then I say that I shall
not have to prove that it has been in the hands
of his counsel and not in the hands of thejudge
at all.
I aver that, although there may possibly be
inside of the package a letter of Judge Kuosell
saying "I herewith transmit,'' &c., Judge Rus-
sell lias had nothing to do with these papers.
They have been in the possession of Mr. Brooks
or his counsel for more than eight months, and
