100
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 24,
Ho. of Reps.
Niagara Falls Ship-Ganal—Mr. Humphrey.
39tii Cong....1st Sess.
est point upon the line the mean temperature
is about that of Albany. Thus it appears that
the road may be run the entire year with less
difficulty than it could be in my own State.
I will now consider this bill as a national,
commercial, and economical question. For
mineral wealth no portion of the earth equals
the slopes of the Rocky mountains and thither
the great tide of emigration will naturally flow.
To make these masses, coming from every
quarter of the globe, homogeneous and adapted
to our institutions, the fostering care of Gov-
ernment must be extended to them. Cut off
from the great commercial ccnters and the high-
est civilizations by immense distances and no
facilities for communication they will naturally
take but little interest in our Government.
It is estimated, sir, that in the year 1900 the
United States will have a population of one
hundred million souls. What the condition
and character of that population shall be is a
question of the deepest interest, and may well
engage the thoughtful attention of both states-
men and philanthropists. Our immense emi-
gration from the Ola World is from the poorer
and industrial classes. After arriving upon
our shores they ordinarily have but little left,
and are mainly dependent upon their own in-
dustry. TiffSake them healthful elements in
society they must become producers instead
of consumers. To enable them to become
producers they must be provided with lands
at cheap rates. Now, sir, this railroad runs
through a productive country of an area suffi-
cient to make twelve or fourteen States as
large as Pennsylvania. By granting the aid
asked for in the bill, in a few years this terri-
tory will be opened up and be within reach of
the industrious emigrant. That which is now
undeveloped and worthless will becomc occu-
pied and valuable. The lauds now entirely
without value will become a source of large
revenue to the Government.
Again, Mr. Speaker, lot us consider this
question in a commercial point of view. The
strength of a nation, next to the intelligence
of its people and the purity of its ballot-box,
is in its commercial power. What will be the
effect of this route, connecting the Atlantic
and Pacific oceans, upon the commercial inter-
ests of the country? The terminus of the
route upon the Pacific will bo within four
thousand miles of China and India. England
• will be within thirty-six days of Hong Ivong,
and New York within twenty-seven.
The tea and silk and coll'ee and spices of
the East for ourselves and for the largest por-
tion of Europe will be transported over this
line. In a word, this country will become the
carriers of the va^t trade between Europe and
the East.
The measure also commends itself in a mil-
itary point of view. The distance between the
point where this route strikes the Pacific and
San Francisco is about one thousand miles. In
ease of war all military supplies must be trans-
ported along the coast, as well as all the mili-
tary forces, exposed to destruction from the
ves-icls ui the enemy, With this road in oper-
ation men and supplies could bo transported
from the Athmlie sea-board within one week
and in perfect safety. Again, the route runs
near the boundary line between our country
and the British possessions, thus affording the
greatest facilities and protection in case of a
future difficulty with England.
Air. Speaker, I will now for a moment con-
sider the question as an economical measure;
and first, it will be the means of bringing into
market a vast amount of land, which must
necessarily remain unoccupied until by means
of a railroad it becomes accessible. The lands,
now valueless to the Government, will be taken,
and by means thereof a revenue returned far
exceeding any amount of interest which, under
any circumstances, can be called for.
Again, Mr. Speaker, it appears from a com-
munication of General Meigs that during the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1865, the cost of
transporting military stores across the plains
was $6,388,856 37. In my judgment, if this
road was in operation, Government itself during
the last year would have saved in transporta-
tion more than the interest on $57,000,000,
being the maximum sum upon which, under
any circumstances, the interest is to be guar-
antied.
Again, sir, it is estimated by General Sher-
man that one hundred thousand men will cross
the plains this year. Montana has probably
now a population of thirty thousand, and by
estimation her population will double the com-
ing year. As the population of the mining
regions extends and increases an increase of
military force for their protection is demanded,
and hence the expense of transportation to
the Government will enlarge year after year.
Hence I believe that as a national, commer-
cial, and economical measure the bill com-
mends itself to our favorable consideration.
Now, sir, have we any precedents to rely
upon ? When the Central Pacific charter was
granted Congress made large donations of
land,"and loaned the bonds of the Government
to something over thirty thousand dollars per
mile, taking the first security on the road. At
the last session of Congress the corporation
asked Congress to permit them to issue their
own bonds to an amount equal to those to be
advanced by the Government and make them
a prior lien to the Government advances.
Their prayer was granted, and in addition
thereto there was a further grant of lands, and
although it was then said that such legislation
would bankrupt our Treasury and greatly in-
jure our public credit, the result has proved
otherwise.
This bill provides that Government shall for
twenty years guaranty the interest at six per
cent, on about fifty-seven million dollars, being
about half the estimated cost of the road. As
a security to the Government it provides that
as the lands lying upon the south side of the
road are sold the avails shall be paid into the
Treasury of the United States in liquidation
of the interest advanced. It further provides
that as soon as twenty-five miles of the road is
put in operation twenty-five per cent, of the
gross receipts shall also be paid into the Treas-
ury for the same purpose. I have estimated
that at the end of the year 1867 fifty miles
of the road will be completed. Government
would then be obliged to pay $96,000. In 1868
one hundred and fifty miles will be built, and
Government be obliged to pay $288,000. In
18G9 three hundred and fifty miles will be built,
and Government be obliged to pay $672,000.
In 1870 the entire distance finished will be five
hundred and fifty miles, and Government be
obliged to pay $1,056,000; so that at the end
of the year 1870 Government would pay in all
$2,112,000. At that time five hundred and
fifty miles of the road will be in operation,
which will have cost the company $17,600,000.
Vast amounts of land will be sold and occu-
pied, and Government be receiving twenty-five
percent, of thegross receipts of theroadandthe
proceeds of the sale of all the lands lying upon
its south side. If the above estimates are even
approximately correct, and the figures of my
friend from Iowa [Mr. Pkicb] are true, then
at that time, and for the remaining sixteen
years, Government will be receiving from the
company amounts fully equal to the guaran-
tied interest.
Mr. Speaker, the future of our glorious
country justifies this legislation. Its progress,
if we are true to ourselves, can hardly be esti-
mated. By locking the Pacific to the Atlantic
the Orient will be brought to our doors, Amer-
ica will be the highway of the nations, and
"New York the banking-house of the world."
In the language of an eloquent writer—•
"This is the age of tho people. They are the sov-
ereigns ot the future. It is the age of ideas. Tho
people of America stand on the threshold of a new
era. We are to come in contact with a people num-
bering nearly hall the population of the globe, claim-
ins a nationality dating back to the time of Moses.
A hundred thousand Chinese are in California and
Oregon, and every ship sailing into the harbor of San
Francisco brings ii. load of emigrants from Asia.
What is to be the effect of this contact with the Ori-
ent upon our civilization? What the result of this
pouring in of emigrants from every country of the
world, of all languages, manners, customs, nation-
alities, and religions? Can they be assimilated into
a homogeneous mass? These are grave questions,
demanding the earnest and careful consideration of
every Christian, philanthropist, and patriot. We
have fought for existence, and have a name among
the nations. But we have still the nation to save.
Railroads, telegraphs, steamships, printing-presses,
schools, platforms, and pulpits are the agents of
modern civilization. Through them we are to secure
unity, strength, and national life. Securing these,
Asia may send over her millions of idol-worshipers
without detriment to ourselves, With these, Amer-
icaj is to give life to the long-slumbering Orient.
So ever toward the setting sun the course of empire
takes its way, not the empire of despotism, but of life,
liberty, of civilization, and the Christian religion."
Niagara Falls Ship-Canal.
SPEECH OP HON. J. M. HUMPHREY,
oe new york,
Is tee House op Representatives,
April. 24 and May 1, 1866.
TheHousehaving underconsideration thebill pro-
viding for a ship-canal around the falls of Niagara-
Mr. J. M. HUMPHREY said:
Mr. Speaker : The propositions presented in
this bill are undoubtedly of very great impor-
tance to all sections of the country, and should
receive unquestionably the careful, the thor-
ough, and the dispassionate consideration of
every Representative in this House. This is
in my judgment particularly necessary, for the
reason that during the last ten years there has
been disseminated through the country, both
East and West, a mistaken idea in relation to
the importance of this work, in relation to the
practical benefits to be derived from it to the
commerce of the country. Mr. Speaker, this
bill, in my judgment, is an attempt, through
this misapprehension which prevails throughout
the country as to the real merits of the meas-
ure, to obtain from the Federal Government
six or eight million dollars to put in the hands
of a company for the purpose of building a
canal, where private enterprise for the last
thirty years has been engaged in building public
works, and has utterly neglected this.
I say, therefore, this is a scheme on the part
of men, not any gentlemen in this House, but
on the part of men who are endeavoring, under
false pretenses, to procure corporate rights and
to have those corporate rights accompanied by
a donation from the Federal Government of
$6,000,000. If this be so, then I submit we
should look to it well that no such result shall
follow or be indorsed by our legislation. .
The bill comes here with a preamble, which
I ask the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Whereas the exposed and unprotected condition of
our extended northern frontier demands that imme-
diate provisions be made by the Government for its
defense; and whereas the construction of aship-eanal
around the falls of Niagara, to connect the naviga-
ble waters of Lakes Erie and Ontario, of sufficient
dimensions for the passage of gunboats and vessels-
of-war, will afford great protection as a military work,
m case of invasion or war with a foreign Power, to
the large cities u pon and the commerce of the north-
ern lakes, and will be of vast importance to the Uni-
ted States in facilitating and increasing the commereo
between the States, is national in its character, and
should be constructed and controlled by tlie Govern-
ment of the United States.
Mr. J. M. HUMPHREY. Mr. Speaker, -
I would like to know how a bill that has two
objects only, one military and the other com-
mercial, should have come into this House
without having been referred to the Military
Committee or to the Committee on Commerce.
I submit whether, from the circumstances,
there is not something behind or back of this
bill than what appears on its face.
Again, Mr. Speaker, talkabont this bill as a
