1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26B7
Mr. POMBROY, If ho cannot sot up any
mi 11 taiy order, the resolution was a very harm-
less thing as it was before.
Mr. CLARK. I think theamcndmcntshould
be agreed 10.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendment was con-
curred in. The amendment was ordered to be
engrossed, and the joint resolution to be read
a third time. It Was read the third time and
passed.
MARYSVILLK AND PORTLAND RAILROAD.
Mr. STEWART. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 123.
The m'otion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 128) granting lands
to aid in the construction of a railroad and
telegraph line from the Central Pacific rail-
road, in California, to Portland, on the navi-
gable waters of the Columbia river, in Oregon.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Com-
mittee on Public Lands reported a substitute
in lieu of the original bill, striking out all after
the enacting clause. The substitute only will
be read unless the reading of the original bill
shall be asked for.
The Secretary read the words proposed to
be inserted, as follows:
That the California and Oregon Railroad Com-
pany, organized under an act of the State of Cali-
fornia, to protoet certain parties in and to a railroad
survey, to connect Portland, in Oregon, with Marys-
ville, in California, approvod April 6, 18G'3, and
such company organized under the laws of Oregon
as tho Legislature of said State shall hereafter des-
ignate, be, and they are hereby, authorized and em-
powered to lay out, loc&te, construct, finish, and
maintain a railroad and telegraph lino between tho
city of Portland, in Oregon, and tho Central Paciiic
railroad, in Calitornia, m the manner following, to
wit: the said California and Oregon Railroad Com-
pany shall construct that part of tho said railroad
and telegraph within the Stato of California, begin-
ning at some point (to be selected by said company) on
tho Central Pacific railroad in tho Sacramento val-
ley, in the State of California, and running thence
northerly, through the Sacramento and Shasta val-
leys, to the northern boundaiy of the Stato of Cali-
fornia; and the said Oregon company shall construct
that part of the said railroad and telegraph line
within the State of Oregon, beginning at the city of
Portland, in Oregon, and running thence southerly
through tho "Willamette, Umpq.ua, and Rogue River
valleys to the southern boundary of Oregon, whore
the same shall connect with the part aforesaid to be
made by the first-named company: Provided, That
the company completing its respective part of the
said railroad and telegraph from either of tho termini
herein named to tho line between California and
Oregon before tho other company shall have like-
wise arrived at tho same line, shall havo the right,
and tho said company is hereby authorized, to con-
tinue in constructing the same beyond the line afore-
said. with the consent of the State in which the un-
finished pai t may lie, upon tho terms mentioned in
this act, until the said parts shall meet and connect,
and the whole lino of said railroad and telegraph
shall be completed, including all nece*?ary grounds
for stations, buildings, workshops, depots, maclnno-
shops, switches, side tracks, turn-tables, water sta-
tions, or any other structures required in the con-
struction and operating of said road.
Seh. 2. And be it further enacted, That there be, and
hereby is, granted to the said companies, their suc-
cessors and assigns, for the purpose of aiding in tho
construction of said railroad and tolegraph line, and
to secure the safe and speedy transportation of the
mails, troops, munitions of war, and public stores over
the line of said railroad, every alternate section of
public land designated by odd numbers, to the amount
often sections per mile on each side of said railroad,
find contiguous thereto? and when any of said sec-
tions or parts of sections shall be found to have
been granted, sold, reserved, occupied by homestead
settlers, preempted, or otherwise disposed o£ other
lands, designated as aforesaid, shall bo selected by
said companies in lieu thereof, within twenty miles
of said rood, under the direction of tho Secretary of
the Interior; and as soon .as the said companies, or
ei^er-T ^ -m' skall file in the office of the Secretary
of the Interior a map of the surrey of said railroad,
or any portion thereof; not less than sixty continuous
miles from either terminus, the Secretary of the Inte-
rior shall withdraw from sale public lands heroin
granted on each side of said railroad and not more
than twenty miles therefrom: Provided., That for two
hundred miles of said road most mountainous and
difficult of construction, namely, one hundred miles
northwardly from the line between California and
Oregon, and one hundred miles southwardly from the
said line, the lands to be granted shall be double the
amount per mile hereinbefore provided, designated
as hereinbefore provided, to be selected asthe Secre-
tary of tho Interior may direct: Provided further,
That this grant shall not defeat or impair any pre-
emption, homestead, swamp land, or other lawful
claim existing at the time of the final location of the
line of said railroad; and all reservations by the Gov-
ernment are hereby excepted from the provisions of
this act. Tho lands herein granted shall bo applied
to the building of saidrond within the States, respect-
ively, wherein, they arc situated.
Sicc. 3. And be it further enacted, That tho right of
way through the public lands bo, and the same is
hereby, gianted to said companies for the construc-
tion of said railroad andtclegraph line, andthcright,
power, and authority are hereby given to said com-
panies to take from the public lands adjacent to the
lino of said road, earth, stone, timber, water, and
other materials for the construction thereof. Said
ri^ht of way is granted to said railroad to the extent
of one hundred feet in width on each side of said rail-
road where it may pass over tho pub1 it* lands, includ-
ing all necessary grounds for stations,buildings,work-
shops, depots, machine-shops, switches, side tracks,
turn-tables, water stations, or any other structures
required in the construction and operating of said
road.
Seu. 4. And be it further cnacted, That whenever
tho said companies, or cither of them, shall havo
twenty or more consecutive miles of any portion of
said railroad and telegraph line readylor tho service
contemplated by this act, tho President of the United
States shall appoint, throe commissioners to examine
the same, and ifitshall appear that twenty consecu-
tive miles of raihoad and telegraph shall have been
completed and equipped in all respects as required
by this act, tho said commissioners shall so report
under aatli to the President of the United States, and
thereupon patents shall issue to said companies, or
either of them, as the cave maybe, for the lands here-
inbefore granted, to the extent of and conterminous
with the completed section of said railroad and tele-
giaph lino as aforesaid; and from time to time,
whenever twenty or more consecutive miles of the
said road and telegraph shall be completed and
equipped as afoicsaid, patents shall in like manner
issue upon the report of the said commissioners, and
so on until the cntiie railroad and telegraph author-
ized by this act shall havo been constructed, and the
patents oi the lands horein granted shall have been
issued.
Skc. 5. And be it further evaded. That tho grants
aforesaid arc made upon the condition thatsaideom-
panies shall keep said railroad and telegraph in
repair and use, and hhull at all times transport the
mails, troops, munitions of war, supplies, and public
stores upon said railroad, and transmit dispatches by
said tolegraph hue for the Government of the United
States, when required so to do by any Department
thereof, and that tho Government shall at all times
have the preference in the use of said railroad and
telegraph at fair and reasonable rates of compensa-
tion, not to exceed tho rates paid by private parties
for the same kind of service.
>Skc. 0. And be it further cnacted, Thatthesaidcom-
paniesshalHiletheir a«>o t to thisactinthe Depart-
ment of the Intel ioi within one year after the pa^sago
hereof, and shall complete said railroad and telegraph
bei'oie the 1st day of July, 3875; and the said railroad
shall he of the same gauge as the Central racilic
railroad of California, and be connected therewith.
S-ico. 7. And be it further enacted, That the said com-
panies named inthis act are hereby required to oper-
atoand use the portions or parts of said railroad and
telegraph mentioned in section one of this act for all
purposes of transportation, travel, nnd communica-
tion. so far as the Government and public are con-
cerned, as one connected and continuous line; and
in such operation and use to afford and secure to each
other equal advantages and facilities as to rates, time,
and transportation, without any discrimination what-
ever. on pain of forfeiting the full amount of damage
sustained on account of such discrimination, to be
sued fur and recovered in any court of the United
States, or of any State of competent jurisdiction.
SiiO. ft. And be it farther enacted. That in case tho
said companies shall fail to comply with the terms
and conditions of this act, by not completing said
road and telegraph within the time required, or by
not keeping the same in repair and fit for use, but
shall permit the same lor an unreasonable time to
remain unfinished, or out of repair and unfit for u^e,
Congress may pass an act to insure the speedy com-
pletion of said road and telegraph, or put the same
in repair and use, and may direct tiic income of said
road and telegraph to be thereafter devoted to the
use of the United States to repay all such expendi-
tures caused by the default and neglect of said com-
panies or company, as the ease may be.
Sec. 0. And be it further enacted. That the said Cal-
ifornia and Oregon Railroad Company and the said
Oregon Company shall be governed by tho provis-
ions of the general railroad and telegraph laws of
their respective States, as to tho construction and
management of the said railroad and telegraph line
hereinbefore authorized, in all matters not provided
for in this act. Wherever the word "company *' or
"companies " is used in this act itshalfbe construed to
eiobraeo tho words " their associates, successors, and
assigns," the same as if tho words had been inserted
or thereto annexed.
Sec. 10. And be it further cnactcd. That all mineral
lands shall be excepted from the operation of this
act; but where the same shall contain timber, the
timber thereon is hereby granted to said company:
Provided, That tho term mineral lands shall not
include lands containing coal and iron.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. T move to amend the first
section by striking out all after the word 4' com-
pleted/* in the thirty-seventh line, to the end
of the section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark
in the chair.) The Chair will inquire whether
that is an amendment to the amendment of the
committee.
Mr. WILLTAMS. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not in
order to amend that amendment, it having
been agreed to in committee; but when the
bill comes into the Senate it can be done.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole, which is now*
open to amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to strike out all
after the word ''completed'' in, the thirty-
seventh line of the first section to the end
pf the section, as the words are repeated in
another scction of the bill.
The Secretary read the words proposed to be
stricken out, as follows:
Including all nccessary grounds for stations,build-
ings, workshops, depots, machine-shops, switches,
sido tracks, turn-tables, water stations, or any other
structures required in the construction and operating
of said road.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. WILLTAMS. XI move to amend the
second section of the amendment, in line
twelve, by striking out the words "designated
as aforesaid."
Mr. POMEROY. I wish to call the atten- .
tion of the Senate to the fact that by striking
out these words, "designated as aforesaid," it
will give these companies the even sections
outside of the ten-mile limit. The committee
have never agreed to that. We give the odd
sections and reserve the even sections; but if
you strike out the words "designated as afore-
said" it allows them to take the oven sections
out of the first ten-mile limit to make up the
deficiency.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is that the purpose?
Mr. POMEROY. That is tho purpose of
this amendment. The committee are opposed
to it.
Mr. JOHNSON. It never has been done.
Mr. POMEROY. We have never reported
a bill to allow them to take both odd and even
sections. There is a great pressure npon the
committee to induce them to do so; all these
railroad companies desire it; but we have re-
fused, up to this time, to grant anything of that
kind. In the history of this legislation there
is one such instance on record, I believe, where
the roads crossed each other, and one com-
pany got the even sections and the other the
odd; but I think it is against the manner in
which we have disposed of the public lands to
grant anything of this kind. We reserve the
even sections, because it is supposed they will
sell for twice as much as the odd sections that
are given away. That is the principle upon
which we report these bills. I admit that in
the mountain regions of Oregon, perhaps, fhey
will never get enough agricultural land to make
a road ; but that is the fault of the country; it
U not the fault of the committee. We cannot
guaranty the land all to be good. We reported
this bill precisely in harmony with our system,
in the way we have reported them all. If the
Senate now agree to this amendment proposed
by the Senator from Oregon, it will be consid-
ered as an instruction to the Committee on
Public Lands to report these bills hereafter
with a provision giving both the even and odd
sections.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the special order, which
is the unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I hope the Senator from
Maine will allow us to get through with this
bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would rather not give
way. I declined yesterday finishing a resolu-
tion in which I was particularly interested for
the reason that I desired to go on with the
appropriation bill when the hour arrived.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Thereis to be no other
amendment proposed to this bill, and I am
willing the Senate should vote at once upon
fehi$ amendment.
