1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1.91
39th Cong....1st Sess.
Niagara Falls Ship-Canal—Mr. Humphrey,
Ho. of Keps.
military necessity while the whole power of the
Government is engaged to prevent the Fenians
from invading the Province of Canada. Yet
we are asked to engage in an enterprise to
build a canal to cost six millions under the
pretense of a military necessity. Should the
time ever come, as I believe and hope it never
will, when there shall be a war between this
Government and England, this Government
will need no ship-canal as a means of defense.
In less time than we shall require to folly dis-
cuss this bill there will be organized m en enough
on the Canadian border who will take posses-
sion of the canals and territory of Canada
adjoining our lakes and rivers. It is a perfect
absurdity to talk about this as a military neces-
sity.
It has been well said by the gentleman who
preceded me that by treaty between our Gov-
ernment and Great Britain we can have but
one vessel on Lake Ontario and two upon the
upper lakes. How, then, will we be benefited,
unless that treaty be abrogated, by opening a
communication between Lake Ontario and Lake
Erie ? Shall we be able to get any vessels from
the sea-board in time of war through five hun-
dred miles of the Gulf and river St. Lawrence
in the territory of the enemy ? I tell yon, so
far as the proposition of military necessity is
concerned, it is one of those devices which
designing men, who understand well how to
appeal to the patriotism of our people just at
this time, have resorted to in order to cover
up and hide the real design they have, which
is, to get a large donation of money from the
Federal Government for their own private ben-
efit. I appreciate as well as any member of
this body the great importance of the com-
merce of this country, {End I was sorry to hear
the honorable member from Ohio [Mr. Spald-
ing] speak in terms that seem to me to be dis-
respectful to the people of the State of New
York, which I have the honor in part to repre-
sent. He intimated that the people of the State
of New York did not comprehend the magni-
tude of the commerce of the West. I want to
ask that gentleman if he is aware that there is
more vessels with a greater tonnage enters and
departs from the port of Buffalo in one day than
goes in and out of his beautiful city of Cleveland
in a whole season. And yet the people of the
State of New York are charged with not hav-
ing due appreciation of the commerce of the
West.
Why, Mr. Speaker, upon the question of
western commerce, and the means that should
be taken for the purpose of promoting it,
no State has a record equal to that of the
Empire State. As early as 1817, inspired by
the foresight and sagacity of one of the noblest
men that ever lived in this country, De Witt
Clinton, New York engaged in the enterprise
of constructing the Erie canal, a work the
design and purpose of which was to connect
tlxe waters of the ocean with the waters of the
great inland lakes of this country. Within
five years after that design was conceived the
work was entered upon by tho State authority,
and in about seven years it was carried to a
successful termination.
At that time the beautiful cities of the West
existed only in imagination. But the states-
man of New York saw that all that was neces-
sary to build up an empire there was to open
this communication.
What other State has done any such thing ?
Did the Federal Govenment do any such thing ?
At an expenditure of about ten million dol-
lars that canal was constructed. -Since its con-
struction it has been enlarged until the State
has expended more than $100,000,000 to fur-
nish an adequate avenue by which the com-
merce of the West may seek the markets of
the East.
And yet we are told that the people of that
State have but a very feeble apprehension of
the importance of the great West. Why, Mr.
Speaker, in addition to this, the State of New
York has chartered and its capitalists and
enterprising men have built two railroad lines
running the entire length of the State from east
to west, and- on these works a hundred more
million dollars have been expended, and all
this for the simple purpose of opening avenues
for the commerce of the great and growing
West.
I submit that when we take these facts into
consideration, and when we take another fact
also into consideration, and that is, that the
capitalists of the State of New York own to-
day more than three fourths of the whole com-
mercial marine upon the western lakes, and
that it furnishes seventy-fivedollarsoutof every
one hundred dollars that is used for the purpose
of paying for and transporting the grain from
tho West to tho markets of the East—I say
when we consider these facts, no intelligent
man will undertake to say that the people of
the State of New York do not comprehend the
magnitude of this commerce or neglect to fur-
nish the means of transportation to market.
Thus much in vindication of the State of
New York and its people.
Mr. Speaker, this bill involves a proposition
to which I call the candid and grave attention
of this House—a proposition by which the Fed-
eral Government proposes to override the sov-
ereignty of the States in the protection of their
own domain and their own people. This bill
proposes that the Federal Government shall
go into the State of New York, and without
the consent, of the State take possession of the
soil, assert the right of eminent domain and
build a canal around the falls of Niagara. If
this can be done, I undertake to say that as
far as the States of this Union are concerned
they have surrendered and lost almost the en-
tire power that they once possessed under and
by virtue of the Constitution. If the Federal
Government may go into the State of New
York and say it is a military and a commer-
cial necessity that this should be done, what
is to prevent it from building another canal
through the length of the State, and imposing
such to lis," or none at all, as it may see fit?
Or what is to prevent the Federal Government
from constructing another railroad along the
line of the present railroad through the State?
And what the Federal Government may do
in the State of New York it may do in every
State of this Union.
Mr. Speaker, if we examine the legislation
of the Federal Government in the past, I un-
dertake to say that we cannot find a single
instance where any such power as this has been
asserted and acted upon. The very charter of
one of these Pacific railroads—I have not ex-
amined them all—provides that where it shall
pass over the unsettled lands of the Federal
Government, it shall have a right of way, but
it also provides that where it passes through a
State — Minnesota, for instance—it shall do
so only with the consent of that State ; thus
recognizing the right of a State to protect
in full its own soil and to protect its own citi-
zens. I ask gentlemen here who are ready
and willing to look into this quest-ion to say
whether this be not right. This bill proposes
that the Federal Government shall enter the
State and take possession of so much of its
territory and the property of its citizens as may
be necessary to build this work, and then to
transfer the property and rights thus acquired
to a corporation. It not only docs this, but
there is a section in this bill which authorizes
that corporation to make its own laws and
regulations independent of the State authori-
ties, so that it will leave the corporation which
is to build this canal in the position of being
a little government of itself within the limits
and jurisdiction of the State of New York, and
at the same time independent of its laws and
authority.
Mr. MOULTON. Do I understand the gen-
tleman to lay down the doctrine that this Gov-
ernment under the Constitution has not the
right to _ take private property for the purpose
of building post or military roads?
Mr. J. M. HUMPHREY. Unquestionably
the Federal Government has the power for
military purposes to take possession of any-
thing, but now no such military necessity can
be claimed to exist; the military necessity has
ceased, and as soon as it has ceased then the
Federal Government cannot take property;
neither can it, after having taken it, assign it
to a corporation, and invest in it this power.
Mr. MOULTON. Let me ask another ques-
tion.
Mi-. J. M. HUMPHREY. I have but very
little time, and I prefer not to be interrupted.
The Federal Government has given both lands
and money in aid of works of internal improve-
ment, but in all those cases the donation was
in aid of cither the State government or some
corporation created by the State or Federal
Government, but in no case has the Federal
Government assumed the power by its own
officers or agents to enter and occupy the
territory of the State without its consent for
any such purpose as contemplated in this bill.
Upon this question of constitutional power
I desire to call the attention of the House for
a moment to the fact that when the Conven-
tion that framed the Constitution was in ses-
sion, this very question arose as to the power
of the Federal Government to construct canals
and engage in works of internal improvement
in the Siates, and to what took place in that
Convention. Iread from Madison Papers, third
volume, page 1576:
"Dr. Fkanklin moved to add after the words 'post
roads,' article one, section eight,' a power toprovide
for cutting canals where deemed necessary.'
"Mr. Wilson seconded the motion.
"Mr. Shkrman objected. The expense in such
cases will fall oil the United States, and the benefit
accrue to the places where the canals may he cut.
" Mr. Wilson. Instead of being an expense to the
United States tlieymay be made a sourceofrevenue.
"Mr. Madison suggested an enlargement of the
motion into a power ' to grant chat ters^of incorpo-
ration where the interests ol theUnited States might
require and the legislative piovisionsuf individual
States may be incompetent.' His primary object was,
however, to secure an easy communication between
the States, which the free intercourse now to be
opened seemed to call for. The political obstacles
being: removed, a removal of the natural ones, as far
as possible, ought to follow.
" Mr. Randolph seconded the proposition.
" Mr. King thought the power unnecessary.
" Mr. Wilson. It is necessary to prevent a State
from obstructing the general welfare.
"Mr. Kino. The States will_be prejudiced and
divided into parties by it. In Philadelphia and ew
Yoik it will be referred to the establishment of a
bank, which has been a subject of contention in
those cities. In other places it will be referred to
mercantile monopolies.
"Mr. Wilson mentioned the importance of facili-
tating by canals the communication with the west-
ern settlements. As to hanks, he did not think with
Mr. King that the power in that point of view would
incite the prejudices and parties apprehended. As
to mercantile monopolies, they are already included
in the power to regulate trade.
" Colonel Mason was for limiting the power to the
single case of canals. lie wasafiaid of monopolies
of every sort, which he did not think were by any
means already implied by the Constitution as sup-
posed by Mr. Wilson.
" The motion being so modified as to admit a dis-
tinct. question, specifying and limited to the case of
canals,
"Pennsylvania, Virginia, Georgia, aye—o: JSew
Hampshire, Massachusetts, Connecticut, jS ew Jevsey,
Delaware, Maryland, North Carolina, South Caro-
lina, no—8. ,
" The other part fell, of course, as including the
power rejected."
This is what was said, and this is the action
of the Convention that framed this very Con-
stitution in which latitudinarian constructionists
are seeking to find the power to go into the
States and throw overboard the guarantees of
that instrument, and to assume powers, which,
if they be successfully asserted and put into
execution, will render the whole system of inter-
nal improvements or of incorporations for that
purpose by the States valueless. The incor-
poration of companies by State governments
to construct railroads and canals would be a
