1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
613
now he comes here and proposes to shut me
out under the plea that I have not conformed
to the statute.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I feel that I have a right,
after this long detention, to claim before this
House that the gentleman, in order to have a
standing before that committee, and to allow
his papers to go there, must prove to the House
that he has conformed to the statute. Now, I
happen to have in my hand a copy of a receipt
of Adams Express Company, transmitting the
package from New York, which I will ask the
Clerk to read. It will be seen that it is from
Mr. Waterbury to Mr. Brooks. Mr. Vv'ater-
bury is the gentleman's counsel.
The Clerk read the receipt, as follows:
Nbw York, January 19, 1866.
Received, of JT. J. "Waterbury, one packase; value
not jnven: marked, Hon. James Brooks, \\rasliing-
Foi' the company: COLBY.
Freight collected.
Mr. DODGE, (the contestant.) That pack-
age arrived here on the morning of the 20th of
January. When the honorable gentleman re-
ceived it I cannot say, but I know it was deliv-.
ered on the 20th. The Clerk of the House, on
the 24th, received the package from the honor-
able gentleman, with a request that he would
take care of it until called for. Not knowing
how valuable it might be, or what it might con-
tain, ho took good care of it, and I believe he
now has it—a package, not addressed to him
as Clerk of the House, but addressed to Hon.
James Brooks. It was not enough that the
gentleman should have had for eight months the
testimony in his sole possession, but he must
hold on to it even after it goes to Washington.
He said nothing about its having to go to the
committee. He did not go to the chairman and
say, "I have been disappointed, and was not
able to get this evidence before; but at last I
have got it, and here it is." Not at all. What
keeps it? W-hy, he never expected at all to
have it printed or presented to the committee.
He expected to send me home, because he would
require from me the strictest performance of
the requirements of the statute. He thought
he had got me, but he found himself mistaken.
And now he comes before this House, after
having kept me here two months, and asks that
his package shall be sent to the committee, with
a request that the contents shall be printed,
takiug at least four or six weeks to print them,
and sending mo directly homo in the midst ot
the argument, or requiring me to go through with
mine and then taking his up when his testimony
comes in.
I feel that it would be a very strange prece-
dent, for this House to set, and I cannot see
how the Committee of Elections could ever get
on in future, if a statute so plain, so specific,
requiring that the evidence should be kept _in
the hands of the judge that takes it and by him
held fast, sealed up, and seat to the Clerk ol
the House, is disregarded. I cannot see how
this House can consent to such a precedent as
to allow a member for eight long months to
keep it in his own possession, then have it trans-
mitted to him in Washington, then hold it there
himself, and wait as long as possible to see
whether his points are going to be held, and if
they are not. then go before the House after all
this detention and ask them to allow him to
have his papers printed.
Sir. 1 was going to say I object, but I have
no right to object, because I do not belong here.
I was only going to suggest that I think J have
a right to complain. Not that T would retort
tmon the gentleman; I have no such wish. Not
that I am afraid of his testimony1 only wish
it had been here in time to be printed. But I
do not want, if I am entitled to a place on this
floor, to sit here silently and have all these great
financial and other important measures passed,
I having no voice in the matter. Nor do I want
to be kept from my business for two or three
months longer, if 1 am not entitled to a seat here.
I complain that the gentleman has met me in
committee with a strict and determined adher-
ence to everything within the statute, and then
comes into this House, without having con-
formed to a single one of them, and asks that
I may be longer detained, and that the House
may go behind the statute and set a precedent
here that may be injurious for all time to come,
by saying that a member may keep his testi-
mony, carry it with him in the country, take it
to the oil regions, send it wherever he pleases,
and then come in and ask that it may be printed.
And now, Mr. Speaker, having detained the
House longer than I expected. I will say in an-
swer to the gentleman's remarks, that they
have nothing to do with this question of print-
ing. He has talked about money, he has talked
about party, he has talked about his being a
candidate, not of the Democratic or Republican
party, but of the people. Mr. Barr was the reg-
ular nominee of Tammany Hall; but Mr. Barr
was known to be a loyal Democrat, what we in
New York call a noble "war Democrat," who
broke away from his associates and determined
to stand by and sustain the country. Mr.
Brooks's friends, not satisfied with that nomi-
nation, had him nominated at Mozart Hall by
the Fernando Wood wing of the Democracy.
There were a few, some four or iivc thousand,
good war Democrats in the district who were
willing to break away and support Mr. Barr,
but the great mass of "the unterrified Democ-
racy" of the district voted for Mr. Brooks.
That is well known. They voted for him e.n
■masse. And why? Because they were mostly
men who had skulked away and refused to
come up and enlist; who had hid themselves
away and refused to enlist until the bounties
were raised so high that their cupidity overrode
their political preferences; and then they came
in. It was understood that Mr. Brooks was the
representative of the party who had opposed
the war, and that class of the Democracy went
for Mr. Brooks.
The gentleman has referred to the cost of the
election and the expenditure of money. He has
spoken of SI 0. COO having been expended by
myself. Has he read the cross-examination of
my counsel? The question was asked by his
counsel, '' What did it cost Mr. Dodge to carry
on the election? Did it cost him S15.000V"
"No, I do not think ic cost anything like that.'
"Did it cost him $12,000?" "No, I do not
think it did." "Did it cost him $10,000?"
"No, I do not think it did." The sitting mem-
ber says the ekction did not cost him SoOO. It
did not cost me $10,000, nor $7,000, nor $0,000.
But 1 do not know that that has anything to do
with the question whether these papers arc to
be printed or not.
The gentleman has spoken of the evidence
here as being cx parlc, and says that he would
have to go before the committee upon cx parte
testimony. Now, if gentlemen will look over
the printed testimony on my behalf, they will
find that where my counsel would ask a witness
four or five direct questions, the cross-examina-
tion by Mr. Brooks's counsel occupies three,
four, and five pages, thus occupying nearly all
of my time; still, I was able to get in enough
to show before the Committee of Elections, as
I doubt not. the fact that I am entitled to a seat
upon this floor.
Mr. BROOKS obtained the floor.
Mr. 1NGERSOLL. I desire to move that
the gentleman from New York, the sitting mem-
ber. be allowed an opportunity to reply to the
contestant.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New-
York has the. floor, no other gentleman claim-
ing it.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker. I return my
thanks to the gentleman from Illinois for his
kindness in endeavoring to give me an oppor-
tunity to address the Houce in reply to the con-
testant. I shall not ask the attention of the
House tor any length ot time, because the con-
testant has given me very little to reply to. He
commenced his remarks by saying that it was
time that the wealth and influence of the peo-
ple of New York should have representation
upon the floor of this House. My honorable
colleagues from New York, over the way, are
hardly complimented by the remarks of the con-
testant, to say nothing of my honorable col-
leagues on this side of the House, when he
complains that the wealth and influence of Now
York have not proper representation upon the
floor of this House. My honorable colleague
from New York, overthe way, [Mr. Raymond,]
represents a very respectable amount of money
and property, and, as you have often seen on
the floor of this House, is very well able to rep-
resent it; and my colleague over the way, in the
rear of the contestant, [Mr. Darling,] repre-
sents yet more money, more wealth, and more
influence.
Mr. DODGE, (the contestant.) I was very
careful to say "heretofore." I did not speak
of the Representatives now upon the floor.
Mr. BROOKS. Howlongheretofore? When
Mr. Cambreling and Julian Yerplanck were
here?
Mr. DODGE. That was many years ago,
when I was a small boy.
Mr. BROOKS. And, my friend, you have only
got to be a very large boy to make such charges.
[Laughter.] Sir, the contestant only illustrates
the spirit in which this contest has been man-
aged throughout when he complains that my
honorable colleague behind me, [Mr. Ciiax-
leh,] and my honorable colleagues heretofore,
many of them men of eminent position and
wealth and property, have not been proper Rep-
resentatives of New York on the floor of this
House.
And in order that there should be a proper
Representative here it is very necessary that I
should be thrown out of my seat, and that he
may be thrown in.
The honorable gentleman mistakes the arena
before which he is arguing this case. This is
not the city of New York ; it is the House of
Representatives. This is not Wall street; not
a stock board where stock speculation is going
on all the while. It is a representative body of
the industry, of the agriculture, of the labor, as
well as of tlie property, of the country. And one
hundred thousand laborers are rcpresentedhere
where there is one man of property represented.
There arc enough members on the floor of this
House to represent the wealth of Xew \ ork,
even if I was not here at all. There are enough
from other portions of the country to take good
care of that interest. A nd when the contest arises
one man of wealth and power "wiil whip out all
the Representatives of the lobby that may be
about the Capitol. The more Representatives
of labor, industry, and agriculture there are the
better. Let us hear no more of that species of
argument.
Mr. CONKLING. If 1 do not interrupt my
colleague [Mr. Brooks] as he is replying for a
purpose, I would like to call his attention to
the particular question which strikes the minds
of gentlemen in this part of the House, my
own among others, as the real question here.
If he has any objection I will not do it.
Mr. BROOKS. I have not the least objec-
tion.
Mr. CONKLING. The statute makes it
obligatory upon contestant and sitting mem-
ber alike to forward presently, I believe the
word is "immediately," to the Clerk of the
House the testimony which is taken : and by
the Clerk of the House it is to be preserved,
in theory of law, against all intermeddling and
encroachment. Of coarse I do not moan to
sucgobt now that there lias been anything of
that sort in this case. This is a matter ot stat-
ute regulation. The gentleman will therefore
appreciate, as part of the suggestion I make,
that no notice is necessary by any committee
to any one, m theory of law and in practice.
In fact every man, be he sitting member or be
he contestant, is as much bound to take notice
of that statute as he is bound to take notice of
any other law upon the statute-book.
Now. looking to this as a precedent, I a-k the
gentleman to explain, if lie will, by what pro-
priety the House can direct the Committee of
Elections to do the very thing in this case which
the statute says it shall not do, and to override
the very consideration, for the sake of which
alone the statute was enacted. How can this
