1678
THE CONGRESSION AL GLOBE.
March 27,
Mr. JOHNSON. It is very far from my pur-
pose to suggest, because it is altogether opposed
to my belief, that the vote which the Senate
has pronounced has been governed by any party
consideration ; that is to say, that Senators have
voted contrary to their judgment under the
influence of party motives. Whether party
motives may have influenced the judgment, is
another matter ; but that they have conscien-
tiously acted, I have no doubt; and even if 1
had a doubt, I would not express it. I am as
much opposed as the honorable member from
Ohio [Mr. Sherman*] or as the honorable mem-
ber from Illinois [Mr. Trpmbct.l] to motions
made for the purpose of delay; and if there
was nothing to be accomplished by the motion
which is now made but to delay the vote, if it was
factious in any sense, 1 should vote against it.
I recollect that at the last session when the
question of the right of Senators from Louisi-
ana to seats in this body was before 11s, the
honorable member from Massachusetts [Mr.
Sumxdr] and (lie honorable member from Ohio
[Mr. Wade] declared their purpose oil the floor
of the Senate to speak the session out in order
to prevent a vote being taken on that question ;
and they spoke the session out. The honorable
member from Massachusetts was, though in
parliamentary language, still in fact, reproved
by the honorable member from Illinois upon
the ground that such a proceeding was factious.
It was perfectly evident at that moment that if
the vote had been taken, t here would have been
a majority for the Senators from Louisiana of
some six or seven, and the avowed purpose of
the two honorable srentleinen to whom J have
adverted in speaking out the session was to
prevent (hat vote being cast ; and the member
from Massachusetts said that he had a perfect
right to resort to every parliamentary move-
ment that might promise success in his object.
Now, 1 am not in favor of any such course, and
I never have in my public life pursued such a
course. 1 find no luult Midi il, however, be-
cause each Senator must act upon his own judg-
ment; but in my judgment it is erroneous, and
I therefore would not support a proposition
which 1 believed was merely made for the pur-
pose of defeating the sense ofthe Senate. ]!ut
that is not (his ease ; it is very far l'roru being
this ease. What is this case? On Friday by a
vote the Senator whose seal was contested was
declared to be entitled to hold that seat, by a
majority vote. It was objected at The time the
vote wu - east, or a few moments before it was
casr, thai one of (he\otes east in thai majority
was improperly given—the vote ofthe Senator
whose seat was contested; but still it went over,
and the next day a proposition was made by
the honorable member from Massachusetts to
correct (he record by striking out the name.
The result of that would have been that there
would have been a li<\ The tie then would
have lelt the Senator from New Jersey in his
seat. That would not have accomplished the
purpose.
Now, what happens to-day? Twice, at the
instance of my friend from New Hampshire,
[Mr. Clark,] has this question been post-
poned, each time because he was sick. It was
to have been called up on Monday. Those
who accorded—and there was a unanimous
concurrence as far as [ know—in the desire
of the member fioui New Hampshire to post-
pone the consideiation of the question, were
perfectly willing to accommodate him because
he was sick, although he was here. The chair-
man ofthe committee gave notice that he would
call it up on Wednesday ; and on Wednesday
the mpmber from Now Hampshire repeated
the request to postpone it because he was sick,
although he was liera It was accorded to him,
and by no vote more cheerfully than by mine.
Now, in what condition are we placed? You
have, after it was received, directed the vote
ofthe Senator from New Jersey to bo stricken
from the list, and one of tho^e who had voted
for him is not now in the Chamber, and his
absence causes the majority against the Sena-
tor from New Jersey. Now, what is proposed?
Mr. DOOLITTLK. If the honorable Sena-
tor will give way, I will state a fact which per-
haps I am in duty bound to state to the Senate.
It is this: this morning, after the session com-
menced, I received a message from Senator
Dixox, of Connecticut, who is ill, expressingto
me the hope that this question could be post-
posed until he should be able to be in the Sen-
ate and to vote npon it. That Senator, as I am
informed, is ranch better than he has been.
Whether he would be able to come into the
Senate to-morrow I am not able to state, but
the fact of this message having been sent to me
is perhaps a fact that I ought not to omit to
state to the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON. I was not about to advert
to the condition of the Senator from Connecti-
cut, for I did not know whether it was at all
probable that he would be here. But what do
we know in relation to the Senator from New
Jersey, [Mr. Wright?] In his seat he stated
to the Senator from Maine', [Mr. Morrill,]
"I will stay until the vote is cast unless some
one will pair off with me," and with the frank-
ness which distinguishes the member and with
the perfectly honest purpose of carrying outhis
agreement he consented to pair oil', to enable
the sick man to return to his home; and he
leturned; and not until last Wednesday had lie
or his friends any notice that that agreement
would not bo adhered to, and then the vote was
to be taken on the next, morning. It was not
taken then, but it was taken on Friday; and the
honorable member from Maine, my friend per-
sonally and upon many matters politically,
whom [ am perfectly satisfied had no idea of
doing wrong, acting under the advice of friends
with whom he had acted, who told him that it
was his duty to vote, voted. Nowlhe man who
is sick in Newark, in answer to si telegram, says
that he would have been here to-day but that
Lis doctors (old him he could not start with
safely until to-morrow, but that to-morrow he
will be here.
Mr. b'ESSENIJEX and others. No.
Mr. JOHNSON. Yes; that is what he says.
He says that if not here to-morrow he will not
ask for further delay : but he will be here to-
morrow. I know not how Senators may feel
upon this subject, but speaking for myself in-
dividually I should feel that I had been harshly
dealt with.
Mr. NYE. Will the gentleman allow me to
read a telegram that has just been leceived?
Air. JOHNSON. Certainly, you may read
it from your scat.
Mr. NYE. I read it for the Senator's in-
formation ;
Mr. AVutciit wasliore to-day. but lie ^ave ii'i !?oing
to Wudiin^iun (his inoinin^. 11. X. COKGKK.
This dispatch has just been received from
Newark. New Jersey.
Mr. JOHNSON. That I understand; the
honorable member need no! have read that to
me for the purpose of correcting me. I had said
nothing that required that correction. Ho in-
tended to start this morning, hut was advised
not to start, but lie says he will be here to-mor-
row. Now, in the name of all that is reason-
able, when the only Senator from the State of
New Jersey appeals to you from his sick cham-
ber to give him one day to be here to repre-
sent what lie supposes to be the rights of his
State, and there is no public ground npon which
he should be excluded, no public necessity for
his exclusion, wlu should not the little priv-
ilege be granted to give him that one day? Wo
are in the habit, Mr. President, of giving days,
ay and weeks. If as the honorable member
from Nevada suggested yesterday, the Legis-
lature of New Jersey is continuing from day to
day in session having, as I understood, no other
public business except that which might be
brought before them upon the contingency of
the rejection of Mr. Stockton, why should they
remain? The Governor can appoint. Why
should that Legislature remain?
Mr. NYE. Bccause they want to send a
Senator in his place.
Mr. JOHNSON. So I supposed; that I
had no doubt of; but a> Senator could be here
nominated by the Governor, His seat, how- i
ever, would only continue until there could be
an election by the succeeding Legislature, and
in the mean time a new Legislature would be
elected. Now, I do not charge any party view
upon the member from Nevada ; lie is above
it; but I charge a party view upon those gen-
tlemen who are remaining in session at Tren-
ton for the very purpose of watching contin-
gencies ; and is it that we may gratify a purpose
of that description that we refuse to give a few
hours1 indulgence to a sick brother, and es-
pecially when we have given days of indul-
gence to another sick brother upon the same
question when he was in the Chamber?
Mr. President, to deprive a State of a Sena-
tor is a very serious matter. The honorable
member from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] speaking,
I have no doubt, with the sincerity which char-
acterizes his whole coursc, has told you that
he has no doubt of the illegality of this elec-
tion. His opinion may be worth a great deal
more than mine, but it is due to myself to ex-
press an opinion as decided, that the Senator
from New Jersey, Mr. Stockton, is just as
much entitled to his seat in this Chamber as
any one of us. Here is an honest difference
of opinion.
Now, I submit in all candor, appealing to
the generosity ofthe members of this body, to
the kind feelings which we should entertain
for each other, not to set a precedent, that will
make us hereafter watch for the time when any
particular proposition can be carried through
the body that could not be carried through the
body at any other time. We should be, as I
trust in God we are, a band of brothers, uni-
ted by social ties and willing to trust to the
honor of each other, and to trust confidingly,
and never to do a thing or utter a word which
would induce the public to suppose that we
were trying to take advantage of each other.
I speak in no party sense. Those who know
the political principles which I have enter-
tained from the time I came into public life
up to the present time, are not warranted in
calling me a Democrat. I never was. During
the last terrible struggle upon which the life
of the nation was made to depend, I went as
far as the farthest in supporting the authority
of the Government, and I would do it again.
But I am an American Senator, anxious be-
cause the usefulness of the body, more or less,
in my judgment, depends upon it, to have the
deliberations of this high body marked by every-
thing that is magnanimous and generous.
The gentleman who sits on my left, [Mr.
Wmciit.] appealing to the generosity and
magnanimity of my friend who sits upon my
right, [Mr. Morrii.t.,] told him that here he
would remain unless he or somebody else would
agree to do what was called pairing off, and he
left for home under a conviction that that agree-
ment would be carried out to the letter; and
when ho tells you now that he is surprised at
being informed to the contrary, and begs you
to give him a few hours, you refuse, when tkoro
is no public exigency demanding haste. Bow
would my friend from Ohio feel if he were
placed in the situation of Mr. Wrigiit? The
question answers itself to those who know the
high character of the honorable member from
Ohio.
I therefore, in no party sense—it is nothing
to me whether the honorable member from
New Jcisey retains his seat or does not ictain
it—I appeal, I repeat, to the generosity and
magnanimity of the Senate to give this poor
absent friend and brother of ours the oppor-
tunity of a few hours to make his presence in
this Chamber, in order to vindicate what he
believes to be the rights of his State.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am unwilling to have
the Senate believe that I have proposed this
postponement from arty factious opposition to
the will of the majority. I make the proposi-
tion because T think there is a possibility, 1 will
j not say a probability, that the Senator from
New Jersey may be here to-morrow. The vote
now stands 21 to 22, and a gentleman sup-
posing himself till this hour to be a Senator is
denied his seat *pon that close vote. His col-
