614
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
Ilouse properly establish for a precedent that
(he Committee of Elections shall disregard a
statute which says, virtually, that no evidence
shall be before it for this purpose except that
evidence which was. according to the statute,
transmitted to the Clerk of the House, and by
him kept? How can the House properly say
T.hatthe committee shall take into consideration
in determining this case the very evidence ex-
cluded, and not only excluded, but branded
by the statute as improper evidence, illegal
evidence, incompetent evidence to be before
the committee at all ? Now, if the gentleman
will relievo, this case from the difficulty which
presents itself in the view of establishing such
a precedent as that, he will relieve me, and, I
have no doubt, other gentlemen in regard to
this question.
Mr. BROOKS. If there has been any neglect
or violation of the laiv in this case by either
party it has been done by both parties. It is
not pretended that the testimony of the con-
testant was brought here until late in .N ovember
or in December. The talcing of the testimony
was closed on both sides in April last; no tes-
timony has been taken on either side since April
last. And the testimony of the contestant in
this ease was not presented to this House until
the first week in December, and it was not
brought to the Clerk of the House until some
time in November.
Mr. CONKLINOr. Will my friend allow
me  
Mr. BROOKS. I will proceed to answer the
point of his inqniry.
Mr. COX'KLING. Allow me right hereto
say that the argument of the gentieuian does
not touch Ihe point L make, because the evi-
dence oil the other side not being here, we are
not art ing upon it. When it comes up 110 doubt
we will consider that, question.
Now, regardless of what has been done 011
the other side, and pointing the inquiry to this
evidence. 1 would like an answer.
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman must let mo
answer in my own way. My mind is notlegally
constructed as the gentleman's mind is. and
therefore 1 must approach the inquiry in the
way that best suits my ability.
The Constitution of the United States gives
this House the right to take testimony at any
time, (t can go 011 now, and take all the testi-
mony in the ease anew. This House can order
the whole testimony (o be taken over again.
Now, sir, as the gentleman chooses lo confine
me to the law, i desire to call the attcnlion of
the House to the statute, fori have literally and
strictly complied with it,. If anybody is in fault
in this ease it is (lie judge, orthe judges, against
whom the wrath oft he Ilouse should be directed.
The statute provides—
"Th<i testimony of the witnesso*, together with Ihc
questions proposed by tlio panics or their agents, Ihe
said magistrate"—
Not the sitting member—
" hereby authorized and required to cause to be
reduced to willing in hi  presence"—
Xot to send to the Committee of Elections
to be printed—
"and the presence of the parties or their aorents, if
fitl endincr, and to be dulv attested by the witnesses
rospretivdy, and certified by the judges."
All of which has been done; there is no dis-
pute whatever about that fact. J fthose formal-
ities have not all been correctly observed ihe
Committee of Elections will attend to that, and
will take care to throw out the testimony.
"After which he''—
Xot the sitting member or his attorney, but
the magistrate—
"shall immediately transmit by mail the said testi-
mony, duly certified under his hand and seal, up to
th<* Cleikof the ilouse of Representatives for the time
bemg.
Now the contestant in this case says that
this package was transmitted to the Clerk of the
Ilouse on the 24th of January, and he arrives
at that fact by a certificate from the Adams Ex-
press Well. 1 will admit that the Adams Ex-
p/c-^s ha<5 brought on this season two things for
me—lirst a pair ot boots, and second, the tes-
timony in regard to this contested election: but
whether this certificate relates to tlie boots or
the testimony is not stated in the certificate.
I will, however, admit the fact t6 be as the
contestant has assumed. I was not here when
that testimony came to the hotel where I am
boarding ; but on the very day on which it came
into my possession, I brought it to the Clerk of
this House and deposited it with him, as the
law requires me to do, subject to the order of
the Committee of Elections. In that way, I
discharged my whole duty.
1 never have seen an iota of that testimony
since last April j and I have nomore idea than
the contestant, not half so much, perhaps, in
reference to the contents of that testimony.
Pie and his attorneys have looked over it again
and again; but I have left the matter to my
attorneys and do not know what there is in it,
except so far as I heard it in March last.
The gentleman seeks to hold me to a strict
accountability to the law, because, as he says,
I seek to hold him to such an accountability.
Who began this matter of insisting on a strict
accountability to law ? The gentleman ingen-
iously contrived to issue his notice to commence
taking testimony in this contested election on
the "20th of last February. I was then here as
a member of this House. A most important
session was then drawing to its close. The
measures then pending, among them the in-
ternal revenue bill and the tariff bill, of great
interest to the people of New York, so largely
taxed, required my presence here. But the
contestant so arranaged his case that his testi-
mony could not be taken until the 20th of
February, so that I had presented to me the
alternative of neglecting the important interests
which 1 represented here, or going to the city
of New York to attend to my contested election.
I chose to attend to my duty here, and to
attend to my constituents with regard to this
contested election; and in order to obtain the
sanction for or against it of the Committee of
Elections and ol its chairman, I addressed a
letter to him at that time, and that letter is ap-
pended to these documents, asking that chair-
man to state to me, in order to lay before the
judge and Mr. Dodge himself, what was the
practice in this case when a man was member
of Congress, and what ought to be the action of
Mr. Dodge and the Ilouse. I ask the Clerk to
lead this hitter to show who it is who first took
these sharp points.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Horsfl of RKpnnsnNrATivES, February 22,1$65.
Di: vu Sth : J am in receipt of your note of this date
inquiring whether it would bo agiccd by parties to a
contested-election case to extend the time for taking
testimony beyond the sixty days provided by law, so
that the testimony could be received and recognized
as propei ly taken by Congress. What is the practice
here in that regaid ? There have been sinco I have
been upon the committee repeated instances of the
extension of the time by agreement, and no question
evei raised as to the validity or propriety of the pro-
ceeding. Several in tile present ConaTe4s: one where
answeraud all proceeding after notice were post-
poned by agreement till alter the adjournment, two
veais <tno, Rilc r.s, Sleeper—a closely contested case.
Tim -\\ a-' done at tlie request and for the convenience
of Mr. Hice crusaded here. You also inquire about the
case of Valhiiuligham w. Campbell in this regard.
Mr. Campbell wa* at the time of taking the testimony
in that case chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means and hedged lor au extension of time by agree-
ment, because he eouid not leave his duties here. It
was refused by Mr. YaHandigham, Mr. Campbell's
political liiend-* here thought it very hard treatment,
and ho asked the House for that reason to grant him
a further time to take testimony. Mr. Campbells
friends nil voted to give the further time, and Mr.
YaHandigham's friends ail voted against it. It was
made a subject of just complaint by Mr. Campbell's
friends. It, was then the freely expressed opinion of
those fiiends of Mr. Campbell, that as neither party
could suffer by mutual agreement for postponement,
it was not quite right to compel Mr. Campbell to leave
hi< duties here to take depositions.
i do notdesire, of course, to interfere with any one's
idoa.'j ot hia right or duty in what I have said, but only
to answer your inquiries.
1 am truly yours, H. L. DAWES.
Hon. Jami;s Brooks.
MESSAGE JfltOM TIXE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. FoitxKY, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had passed without amendment
Ilouse bill No. llo, for the relief of Charles F.
Anderson; and that it had also passed the fol-
lowing bills and joint resolution 5 in which he
was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House:
An act (S. No. 36) for quieting doubts in
relation to the validity of certain locations of
land in the State of Missouri by virtue of cer-
tificates issued under act of Congress of Feb-
ruary 17, 1815;
An act (S. No. 71) to authorize the Post-
master General to deposit postage stamps and
stamped envelopes for sale; and
Joint resolution (S. No. 27) for the exhibi-
tion of specimens of gold and silver and other
minerals, the product of the United States.
CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE AGAIN.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker, it is not only
proved by that letter of the chairman of the
Committee of Elections, but by the printed
testimony, which I will read:
"Mr. Waterbury then asked for an adjournment of
the proceedings for ten or twelve days, which was
objected to by Mr. Phelps. Mr. Waterbuiy then, on
j behalf of Mr. Brooks, otiered to consent in writing
to extend the time beyond the sixty days provided
by act of Congress for commencing and closing the
proceedings, if an adjournincntshould be gci anted for
the time required by Mr. Bkooks. The counsel for
Mr. Dodge dcchned to assent to the pioposed exten-
sion of time and adjournment, and the proceedings
were thereupon adjourned until the 23d day ot Feb-
ruary, 1865, at 7 o'clock p. m. At the time to which
the proceedings had been adjourned, as just men-
tioned, the parties again appeared, when Mi. Wa-
terbury renewed his application for an adjournment,
and in support of it read extracts from the published
proceedings .in the Winter Davis contested-election
case, and also a letter from the Hon. II. L. Dawes,
(which letter or a copy thereof will also be found in
the appendix,) insisting that the consent, if given, to
extend the time beyorul the sixty days would not
prejudice the rights of Mr. Dodge. Mr. Phelps, on
behalf of Mr, Dodge, declined to consent to the ad-
journment."
I never had proper time to take testimony.
The whole ten days were lost to me. I had to
work through counsel who knew nothing of the
case.
Here we find that sharp practice on the part
of the contestant from the beginning, and he
has 110 right to complain now that I met him
with early objections before the Committee of
Elections.
Now, I think I have complied with my whole
duty as required by the law. 1 have never been
obliged to ask for the printing of these papers.
I did ask the Ilouse for it, and the House con-
sented, and now the attempt is made to take it
back by reconsideration. It is not necessarily
indispensable that these proceedings should be
in print, but it is for the convenience of the
committee. It is, however, a matter of strong
justice that they should be printed. It is in the
power—and I ask the attention of the Repub-
lican part of the House to this declaration—it is *
in the power of the Printing Bureau in this city
to bring back all of that testimony by "Wednes-
day next and have it properly printed. If it
is necessary—I know the powers of that print-
ing otlice—it could bung it back 011 Monday
morning next. I do not care how quickly it is
brought back.
Mr. DODUFj, (the contestant.) I wish to
make a suggestion. I said in my remarks that
I should never have raised the question at all
in this House in regard to the broach of the
statute on the part of the gentleman if it had
not been for the manner in which 1 have been
delayed for two or three days in committee. I
am willing now, so far as 1 am concerned, out
of courtesy to the gentleman—but I forget, he
does not want my courtesy—I am willing to
withdraw any objections I have made before
the House, if it is the desire of the committee,
in order that these papers may be printed as
rapidly as possible, and that the committee may
at once proceed with the examination of this
matter.
Mr. BKOOKS. You might work the com-
mittee to death.
Mr. DODGE, (the contestant.) I do-not
want them worked to death.
Mr. BKOOKS. I can work all day and all
night, and endure as much as any man.
Mr. DODGE, (the contestant.) 1 would re-
mark to the gentleman, before the committee
has taken up any time in reference to wealth
and other outside things, I would like to get at
