2638
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
Mr. FESSENDEN. If it creates no debate
I will not, object.
Mr. WILLIAMS. There will be no debate.
The PEES 1 DENT pro tempore. The spe-
cial order will be laid aside informally if there
be no objection on the part of any member of
the Senate. The Chair hears no objection.
The question is on the amendment offered by
the Senator from Oregon to the amendment
made as in Committee of the Whole.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The amendment, as amended, was con-
curred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed. Its title was amended so as to read:
"A bill granting lands to aid in the construction
of a railroad and telegraph line from the Cen-
tral Pacific railroad, in California, to Portland,
in Oregon."
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
The PRESIDENT -pro tempore. The special
order, being the bill (H. It. No. 261) making
appropriations for the consular and diplomatic
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing 30th June, 1867, and for other purposes,
is now before the Senate, as in Committee of
the Whole, the pending question being on the
" amendment proposed by the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumxer,] to insert at the
end of section two the following words:
And the compensation of William Hunter, Esq.,
chief clerk of the Department of State, shall bo at
the rate of $3,500 a year; and a sufficient sum is
hereby appropriated for this purpose out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It does not slate wh.-n
the compensation is to begin.
Mr. S UMNER. I presume with the passage
of this bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Youshouldsay "from
and after the 30th day of Juno next."
Mr. SUMNER. 1 should like to have it
embrace the last year.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That language will not
embrace it, and we nevergo back in such cases.
Mr. SUMNER. Could wo not say "from
the 1st of January?"
Mr. FESSENDEN. Oh, no ; we should not
do that; it would make a bad precedent.
Mr. SUMNER. Then I will insert the
words " from and after the 30th of June next."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish the Senator
would put his amendment in the shape of a
new section. It now comes directly after sec-
tion two.
Mr. SUMNER. I propose that it shall come
there.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But you make it come
in as a part of section two. It should be a
new section.
Mr. SUMNER. I desire to have it as a new
section. The Clerk can change it in that
respect.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let itbe read again as
it now slands.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
And he it further enacted, That from and after the
30th day of June, 186S. the compensation of William
Hunter, Esq., chicf clerk of the Department of State,
shall bo at the rate of $3,500 a year, and a sufficient
sum is hereby appropriated for this purpose out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwiso appro-
priated.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will state to the Sen-
ator that in the legislative and executive appro-
priation bill there is an appropriation to pay
his present salary, which is $2,200, and all that
it is necessary for the Senator to insert in this
amendment is "an amount necessary to pay
the additional salary herein provided for is
hereby appropriated.," &c. Otherwise you
make two appropriations, one in the legislative
and executive bill, and one>.hcre, for the same
purpose.
Mr. GRIMES. Tt ought not to be here at all.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I know that, but I want
to perfect it as well as I can. I suggest to the
Senator from Massachusetts to make his amend-
ment read, " and the amount necessary to pay
the increased compensation herein provided
for is hereby appropriated," &c.
Mr. SUMNER. Let it be so changed. When
I drew it, I thought that any subsequent bill
might be altered with reference to this.
ThePRESIDENTjpro tempore. The amend-
ment will again be reported as modified.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
And he it further enacted. That from and after the
30th of June, 1866, the compensation of William Hun-
ter, Esq., chief clerk of theDepaitment ol State, shall
be at the rate of $3,500 per annum; and the amount
necessary to pay the increased compensation herein
provided for is hereby appropriated out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropiiated.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts reported from the committee a prop-
osition, not the one that is now before the Sen-
ate. I do not understand that this particular
proposition comes before the body with the
indorsement of the committee, but I under-
stand that it is his own proposition.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's pardon ;
he will allow me to interpose an explanation.
In the committee the subject was discussed in
the alternative, and I was authorized,-in my
discretion, to present to the Senate a proposi-
tion in the alternative, as at the moment should
seem best. The committee first inclined in
favor of the proposition which is now under
consideration, but on a second thought it seemed
that it might be better to include all the em-
ployes of the Department of State, and I was
instructed to act accordingly. I presented,
therefore, it will be remembered, yesterday, a
general proposition, applicable to all the clerks
in the employment of the Department of State.
That seemed to find little favor; Senators were
against it; and I then withdrew it, and substi-
tuted the proposition now before the Senate ;
and on that occasion I assigned some reasons
in favor of the proposition which seemed to
meet a very generous response from all sides.
There seemed to be a general opinion that we
ought to do something for this very faithful
and eminent public servant.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The proceedings yes-
terday misled me. I knew that the Senator had
stated to the Senate that he was authorized by
his committee to propose the amendment which
he did propose, and then when he perceived
that that did not meet with the favor of the
body I understood him to withdraw it of his
own motion and propose the amendment now
before us. It is a very disagreeable thing to
oppose any proposition of this sort, but I can-
not see the propriety of selecting one chief
clerk of a Department and giving him a com-
pensation so much above the compensation
given to other chief clerks. If $3,500 is the
proper sum to give a chief clerk in a Depart-
ment as salary, I am in favor of it, but if it is
not, I am at a loss to knciw how we shall esti-
mate the value of the services of an eminent
man. Are we going to pay particular officers
because they are so much better than other
officers, or are we going to have a uniform stand-
ard of compensation? If Mr. Hunter goes out
of his office, his successor then is to have
another compensation than that now given to
him, I presume. We pay the man, and do not
affix the salary to the officc. It seems to mo
that is not right. If his services are very emi-
nent and you feel it proper to do so, pay a sum
in gross for them; but do not establish that
which will be a precedent in other cases.
As I said at the last session, I am very ear-
nestly in favor of giving an increased compensa-
tion to the clerks in the different Departments.
I think they are very ill-paid. My knowledge,
having been at one time connected with one
of the bureaus, justifies me in saying that the
compensation given to the clerks of the De-
partments is not adequate, in view of the talent
which is to be found in the Departments, and
in view of the expense of supporting families
in this city; but I think it is a very unfortunate
mode of arriving at justice to take out a par-
ticular individual and give him an extraordi-
nary compensation, and say then that all the
rest of the starving families of those employed
in the Departments shall go without pay. This
is to be an argument against doing justice to
the other clerks. I do not think we ought to
do it. I think Congress ought to come squarely
up and meet the responsibility of the case, and
give to the clerical force of the different De-
partments a proper eompansa ion. I shall not
vote for this amendment, for h.e reasons I have
given.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me the form
of this amendment is objectionable. It pro-
poses to pay a person by name a particular
salary, not to the officer. Is that usual? I would
inquire. So far as my recollection of the stat-
utes extends, the salary is affixed to the office,
not to the person. The judge of a court, the
head of a Department, the head of a bureau,
has so much salary; but here is a provision
to give a person by name so much salary. I
should like to inquire if that is not unprece-
dented.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Entirely so.
Mr. SUMNER. I believe it is unprece-
dented, and the fact that it is unprecedented
is a reason for it on the present occasion. The
case of Mr. Hunter was presented last evening
as exceptional. He is exceptional in the length
of his service, in the character of the labor that
he has performed, and in the trust which he
has enjoyed. Mr. Hunter is exceptional in all
these respects ; and in drawing the proposition
now before the Senate, I thought it better to
treat the case as exceptional, so that it should
not in any respect be a precedent.
That brings me to the position of the Sen-
ator from Indiana. He thinks we ought to
embrace all the clerks in the Departments at
once.
Mr. FESSENDEN. All the chief clerks,
as I understood him.
Mr. SUMNER. I understood that he went
even further, and -meant all the clerks and
employes in the Departments ; he thought they
were underpaid. I am sure that those in the
State Department, where I am most familiar,
arc underpaid. I think we ought to do some-
thing for them : the committee With which I
am associated think we ought to do something
for them ; and it was on that account that yes-
terday I brought forward the proposition which,
yielding to remonstrances from Senators about
me, I finally withdrew. I say this to the Sen-
ator from Indiana that he may see that I go
along with him in that desire. I yielded reluc-
tantly to the expression of opinion about me,
and withdrew the proposition. What next? I
became satisfied that there was at least one
member in that body in the service of the
Department of State, whose position, as I have
said already, was absolutely exceptional; that
if you were disposed to neglect others, you
ought not to neglect him ; that he had a claim—
I may call it even by that very strong term—■
upon his country, after thirty years of service,
for a compensation that should enable him to
enjoy, not luxury, but a certain degree of com-
fort as years begin to creep upon him. When
I expressed that opinion, I found there was a
general accord about me. Senator after Sen-
ator rose to bear his testimony to the extraor-
dinary merits of Mr. Hunter; and the only
question at that time—I think the Senator from
Indiana was not in his seat—was interposed by
the Senator from Maine as to the propriety of
making this motion on the bill now before the
Senate. I think that I answered satisfactorily
that objection.
Then the question was left open simply on
the merits of this individual case. Has not Mr.
Hunter rendered services to this Government
which at his period of life make it proper for us
to individualize him by name for the increased
compensation which is now proposed? In in-
dividualizing him by name, you make no pre-
cedent except where you can show similar ser-
vices. It is not a precedent for raising the
salary of any other chief clerk, nor raising any
other salary unless where you can exhibit a long
series of services under peculiar circumstances
such as we can exhibit in the ease of this gen-
tleman. I hope, therefore, that the proposition
will not be opposed, and 1 hope that the Sen-
ator from Indiana will withdraw his. opposition
and let it pass unanimously. Let us make this
