1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
idea of producing Bohn's series, or anything like it,
here, is as chimerical as the idea of reproducing the
books m foreign languages.
Vevy respectfully, yours, HENRY HOLT.
Hon. William E. Dodge.
Mr. MORRILL. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] will reply to the gentleman.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to make an
amendment to the section proposed to be
stricken out. I move to strike out these words,
" printed not less than fifteeh years -prior to
the date of importation ;" so it will read:
On books and engravings, being editions printed
not less than thirty years prior to the date of impor-
tation, and on books wholly in foreign languages,
twenty per cent, ad valorem,
I mean,by strikingout those words, to limit
the operation of the paragraph so that we can
buy books in foreign languages, no matter
whether they have been published fifteen years
or one year.^ The chairman has already indi-
cated a willingness to have the period fifteen
years reduced to five, but I am unable to see
the necessity or justice of making a restriction
of that sort at all. I am willing to agree with
my associateson the committee, that we ought
to protect our book publishers from having*our
own books taken abroad and shipped back into
the country at cheaper rates to come into com-
petition with our own publishers who have in-
vested money in the business. ' But I do not
see the justice of forbidding the importation
of books in foreign languages when we will have
to buy them anyway, and pay a heavy duty on
them just as much after fifteen years as before.
Every day important books come out in Ger-,
man, French, and Italian, which every college
in this country wants to get as soon as possible,
and they must pay enormous prices for them
until they are fifteen years old 5 while a very
large number of that class of books—I might
say almost all—are never reprinted in this coun-
try in the language in which they are originally
printed ; only here and there a book like Na-
poleon's Cassar and some of Victor Hugo's
works. It is very rare, indeed, that a book
published in a foreign language is republished
m the same language in this country. Now,
let us allow these books, coming out from year
to year, that are of importance to us, to come
into this country on the terms mentioned
here, namely, twenty per cent, advalorem. I
would say, further, that the feature of charg-
ing by the pound on books has been comment-
ed on rather severely, and I think rather un-
justly. I received a very able letter a few days
since from Dr. Lieber, which I will append to
my remarks. He puts the question why we
should charge books by the pound, and says
we may. as well base representation upon the
weight of voters. It seems to me, however,
that the objection is not good in this respect:
in books there is an element that is purely a
matter of business; namely, the paper. Pa-
per is valued by its weight, and it seems to me
entirely proper thatwe should charge the paper
part of books a duty by the pound, but when
wc come to charge on the book itself as a book
then it seems to me the ad valorem principle
should come in. There are so many valuable
suggestions in this letter of Dr. Lieber, espe-
cially bearing upon the amendment I have of-
fered, I shall ask to have itgo into the Globe and
not trouble the House by having it read. Let it
go as a part of my remarks. I hope the amend-
ment I have offered will be consented to by the
chairman of the committee.
Washington, D. C., July 2,1866.
Dear Sir: My attention has been drawn, only to-
day, to tho passage m the new tariff bill which re-
lates to the importation of books, and as it contains,
in my opinion, grave inconsistencies, you will excuse
me if I hasten to point them out to you when there
may yet be time to propose some changes.
The passage I have alluded to is on pages 11 and 12
of the printed bill, and reads thus:
"On books and engravings, being editions printed
not less than thirty years prior to the date of impor-
tation, and on books wholly in 'foreign languages,
printed not less than fifteen years prior to the date
of importation, twenty per cent, ud valorem; on all
books reprinted from books first printed in the Uni-
ted States, thirty cents per pound, and, in addition
thereto, twenty-five per cent, ad valorem; on all
books not herein provided for, and on pamphlets.
magazines, illustrated newspapers, periodicals, and
printed papers, bound or unbound, twenty cents per
pound, and, in addition thereto, twenty-five percent.
ad valorem: Provided^ that nothing herein shall be
held to include newspapers or other printed matter
lawfully transmitted by mail."
The law as it now stands imposes twenty-five per
cent, ad valorem on all imported books, a duty which,
with freight, exchange, and the high price of gold,
makes it nearly impossible for all those persons who
stand in real need of foreign books, as well as of
American productions, to obtain them for their libra-
ries. American publishers urge that books can now
be produced so much cheaper in England than in
America, that they stand in need of protection. But
is not the advantagewhichtheyderive from reprint-
ing English books without paying anything for the
copyright very great? So much seems certain, that
if Congress adopts this provision of the bill, very few
English books will be imported except as an article
of luxury for those who possess more wealth than
scholars usually do, and who want books chiefly for
elegantly carved shelves.
I3e this as it may, why is it proposed in tho second
paragraph to add to tho ad valorem duty another
and a very heavy one on the weight of foreign books ?
In what relation does the weight of a book stand to
its value? To charge duty according to the weight
of books seems to me very much like making the av-
erage weight of voters .the basis of representation.
At a round calculation the two duties together would
amount to somethinglike eighty-five per cent., which,
with the additional expenses already mentioned,
would effect very nearly practical exclusion. As to
"books in foreign languages," the proposed tariff
would work positive exclusion for all the real labor-
ers m the vineyard of knowledge. Even as the tariff
stands now,'with the adventitious circumstances of
the price of gold and high exchange, the wholecoun-
try must in a great many cases forego the advantage
of having presented to it tho results of the laborious
and life-long study of foreign scholars, because we
cannot afford paying for their treasure-books. I do
not exaggerate; I am speaking plain and painful
truth. The bill has the heading, 44 A bill to provide
increased revenue from imports," but if Congress
adopts the provision regarding books, the revenue
will be decreased, and materially decreased, so far as
books are concerned.
The proposed tariff proposes to impose twenty per
cent, ad valorem and t\fenty-five per cent, by weight
on all books in foreign languages printed within fif-
teen years. Books "printed in foreign languages"
means, practically, French, German, and Italian
books; but why should Congress furnish the ebnnce
ofreprinting themin Americaforfifteenyears? With
the rare exception of a novel, no one thinks of re-
printing in America a German, French, or Italian
book, and for this useless chance you are goin'g to
exclude the importation of these books for those who
need them. Are men of knowledge, the servants of
the public, not to be protected in their turn also?
The object of our laws cannot be Chinese exclu-
sion. Civilization is a church universal; like our
religion it is for all; and civilization advances only
in that degree in which one generation or one coun-
try seizes upon the stock of skill or knowledge ac-
quired by another and infuses it into its own life.
All give and all take; and above all other things,
books are the bridges over which civilization travels
from one country or region to another, and from one
generation to another. Whatever is done to impede
free exchange of books materially impedes the prog-
ress of our kind.
It seems to me that "all books in foreign lan-
guages" should be left saddled with twenty per cent.,
or if needs you must add something, with twenty-five
per cent, ad valorem, whether printed within fifteen
years or not, and no duty of any kind ought to bo
added. It is useless and injurious. I have neverbeen
able to see why our Legislature should levy any duty
at all on old books; say books printed fifty years or
more previous to the day of importation. The more
books which have stood the tost of time we transfer
from Europe to Amcrica. the better for us, and Con-
gress ought to facilitate the transfer as much as pos-
sible. The duty collected on these books is not worth
mentioning.
The second paragraph has apparently slipped in
by mistake. The importation of reprints of original
American books is totally prohibited; no duty, there-
fore, can be levied on them.
You will kindly excuse, sir, anything in this letter
which may be owing to the great haste with which I
have been obliged to write it.
With the highest regard, dear sir. your obedient,
FRANCIS LIEBER.
General James A. Garfield, M. C.,
House of Representatives^ Washington, D.C1
The CHAIRMAN. All debate is closed on
the subject of books.
The question rccurred on the amendment
offered by Mr. Garfield.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by in-
serting "five-years" in lieu of '"fifteen years,'1
so that it will read, ''printed not less than five
years prior.to the date of importation.''
Mr. GARFIELD. I accept that amend-
ment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PATTERSON. I move to amend by
striking out "thirty years " and inserting "fif-
teen years;" so that it will read, "on books
and engravings, being editions printed not less
than fifteen years prior to the date of importa-
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PATTERSON. I move to strike out
"twenty per cent." and insert "ten per cent."
Mr. MORRILL. I hope that will not be
adopted.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment
of Mr. Patterson to strike out the whole par-
agraph and insert as follows:
On books wholly in foreign languages, and on agri-
cultural and scientific reports and periodicals, not
being American reprints, ten per cent, aci valorem.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows;
On all books reprinted from books first printed in ^
the United States, thirty cents per pound, and, in
addition thereto, twenty-five per cent, ad valorem.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
On all other books not herein provided for, and on
pamphlets, magazines, illustrated newspapers, peri-
odicals, and printed papers, boundorunbound, twenty
cents per pound, and, in addition thereto, twenty-live
per cent, advalorem: Provided, That nothing herein
shall be held to include newspapers or other printed
matter lawfully transmitted by mail.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
On maps and charts, nototherwise herein provided'
for, thirty-five per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I move to insert
after the word "maps" the words "excepting
military maps and charts." That will exclude
military charts and plans of battles which will
be probably now of immense interest to our
pe.ople.
Mr. MORRILL. I have no objection to the
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On paper-hangings and paper for screens and fire-
boards, four cents per pound, and, in addition thereto,
thirty-five per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out that
clause and to insert in lieu thereof the fol-
lowing :
On'paper-hangings valued at not over twenty cents
per roll, four cents per pound and thirty-five per cent.
advalorem. On nil otherpaper-hangings,borders, and
papers for fire-screens and fire-boards, four ecntspcr
pound, and, in addition thereto, forty-five per cent.
ad valorem.
The amendment m.erely makes a discrimina-
tion, imposing a higher rate on the more costly
paper-hangings.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On papers, fancy colored, colored for labels and'
wrappers, marbled, stained, glazed, or enameled, and
card paper, six cents per pound, and, in addition
thereto, thirty-five per cent, advalorem.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend that
clause by inserting after the word "wrappers77
the words " for pins and needles."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move further to amend
the clause by inserting after the word "enam-
eled" the words u Bristol boards."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 9. Andbe it further enacted, That, in lieu of the
duties heretofore imposed bylaw, there shall be levied,
collected, and paid, on the importation of the articles
hereinafter mentioned, the following duties and rates
of duty, that is to say:
On salt in sacks, barrels, and other packages, forty-
two cents per one hundred pounds; on salt in bulk,
thirty cents per one hundred pounds.
Mr. HUMPHREY. I move to strike out
" forty-two," in line six, and to insert in lieu
thereof " twenty-fourand to strike out
"thirty," in line seven, and insert "eighteen"
in lieu thereof.
Mr. Chairman, as will be readily observed
by the committee, this amendment places salt
where it was before, and when we consider the
importance of this article and its universal use>
when we consider the vast demand for it by
the pork-backing and beef-packing interests
of the West and by the manufacturing interests
of New England, where, iu consequence of
