1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mf9 *
league is absent; he being present the resolu-
tion would fall. I am not discussing the effect
of his vote upon the reconsideration, but I say
he being present, the resolution excluding Mr.
Stockton would have fallen. His absence is
under peculiar circumstances. He said when
he left that he would remain at every hazard
to his health if he could not pair off; the pair
was accomplished, and he left and that pair
was afterward withdrawn at a time when he
could not travel. The dispatches authorize us
to entertain tlie hope that he may be here to-
morrow. Now, is it wrong that we should ask
that ail opportunity be given to him to come
and cast his vote upon the question of the right
of his colleague to a seat here?
Again, Mr. President, this is to establish a
precedent, a precedent to which I do not agree.
I am just as firmly of the opinion that Mr.
Stockton's election was legal and valid as the
Senator from Ohio can bo that it was other-
wise. I believe that the joint convention under
parliamentary law, and especially under the
usage of seventy-five years of that convention
in the State of New Jersey, had the right to
prescribe the rule which it did proscribe, and
that the election pursuant to that rule was a
valid election. But now, sir, it is proposed to
establish a precedent which shall be conclusive
in all time to come, that no joint convention
hereafter can adopt a rule electing a Senator
by less than a majority. Before a precedent
having such weight and of such importance is
adopted, the Senate ought to be as full as it is
possible that it can be. Why, sir, it may occur
in some State that 110 Senator can be elected
by a majority. In two memorable instances
the House of Representatives i as unable to
organize upon the majority rule. The Consti-
tution of the United States simply sayathat the
House may choose a Speaker; and according
to the opinion of some gentlemen in this body
that choice must be made by the voice of the
majority ; and yet, twice in the history of the
House no organization could be accomplished
upon that rule, and resort was had to the plu-
rality. That.may occur in the Stales ; it may
be impossible upon the majority rule to elect
Senators at times when it may be important to
elect them. So, sir. in view of the importance
of the question, in view of the rights, as 1 think,
of the absent Senator, I have proposed for one
day further the postponement of this question.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, I rise,
not, to discuss the question, but to make a single
remark. I have voted 011 this resolution, be-
lieving as honestly as 1 believe in my personal
existence, that Mr. Stockton is entitled to his
seat as a Senator on this floor, but I rise to say
to him and to say to the country that if he is
excluded undei these circumstances he can
return home to his native State, feeling that—
" More true joy Marccllu" exiled feels
Than Ccesai with a senate at his heels.''
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, in mak-
ing a few minutes since the same motion which
has now been made by my friend from Indiana,
I did it with 110 purpose to delay a conclusion
for delay's sake. I will say to my friend from
Ohio in connection with what has been said by
the Senator from Maryland, that this morning
a messenger arrived from Newark and came to
my room before I came to the Senate Cham-
ber and informed mc that full yrangements had
been made for the Senator from New .Jersey to
arrive here in the city to-morrow. It was with
that information and in view of the results we
have seen that I made the motion 1 did, for no
object of delay, but simply that New Jersey
might at least be represented by one Senator
in a case where she was so deeply concerned.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion is to postpone the further consideration
01 this subject until to-morrow at one o'clock,
and upon that question the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
resulted—yeas 21, nays 22 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Cowan, Davis,
Doolittls, Guthrie, Harris, Henderson, Hendnclfcs,
johnson, Lane of Kansas, McDougall, Morgan, x^es-
mith, Norton, Poland, Riddle, Satilsbury, Trumbull,
Van Winkle, andWilley—21.
- NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Chandler, Clark, Conness,
Oragm, Creswell, Fessenden, Grimes, Howard, Howe,
Kirkwood.Laneof Indiana, Nye, Ponieroy,"Ramsey,
Sherman, Sprague, Sumner, W ade, W illiams, Wilson,
and Y ates—22.
ABSENT—Messrs. Dixon, Foot, Foster, Morrill,,.
Stewart, and Wright—ti.
So the motion to postpone was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the motion to reconsider the
vote of the Senate passing this resolution.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Cowart, Davis,
Doolittle, Guthrie, Henderson, Hendricks, Johnson,
Lane of Kansas, McDougall, Morgan, N esmith, Nor-
ton, Poland. Riddle,Saulsbury.Trumbull,VanWin-
kle, andWilley—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown. Chandler, Clark, Conness,
Cragin, Creswell, Fessenden, Grimes, Harris, Howard,
llowe, ICirkwood, Lano of Indiana, Nyc, Pomcroy,
Ramsey, Sherman, Sprague, Sumner, Wade, Wil-
liams, Wilson, and Yates—23.
ABSENT—Messrs. Dixon, Foot, Foster, Morrill,
Stewait, and Wright—6.
So the motion to reconsider was rejected.
CIVIL RIGHTS VETO MESSAGE.
During the discussion of the case of Mr.
Stockton the following message was received
from the President of the United States by Mr.
W. G. Moore, his Secretary: •
Mr. President, 1 am directed by the Presi-
dent of the United States to return to the Sen-
ate, in which House it originated, the bill (S.
No. 01) entitled "An act to protect all persons
in the United States in their civil rights, and
furnish the means of their vindication," with
his objections thereto in writing.
Mr. WADE. I move that the Senate do now
adiourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not. There is a
message 011 the table that ought to be road.
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. The motion
is not debatable.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator will
withdraw the motion, and let the message be
printed.
Mr. WADE. If it is the general desire to
have that message read to-night, I withdraw my
motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. . I move, then, that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of the mes-
sage from the President returning the civil
rights bill, with his objections.
Mr. HOWARD. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Illi-
nois.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The sub-
ject is before the Senate, and the message will
be read.
The Secretary read the message, as follows:
To the Senate of the United States ;
I regret that the bill which has passed both
Houses of Congress, entitled "An act to pro-
tect all persons in the United States in their
civil rights, and furnish the means for their
vindication," contains provisions which 1 can-
not approve, consistently with my sense of duty
to the whole people and my obligations to the
Constitution of the United States. I am there-
fore constrained to return it to the Senate, the
House in which it originated, with my objec-
tions to its becoming a law.
By the first section of tlie bill, all persons
born in the United States, and not subject to
any foreign Power, excluding Indians not taxed,
are declared to be citizcnsof the United States.
This provision comprehends the Chinese of the
Pacific States, Indians subject to taxation, the
people called (Jypsies, as well as the entire race
designated as blacks, people of color, negroes,
mulattoes, and persons of African blood. Every
individual of those race*, born in the United
States, is by the bill made a citizen of the Uni-
ted States. It does not purport to declare or
confer any other right of citizenship than t ed-
erul citizenship. It does not purport to give
these classes of -persons any status as citizens
of States, except that which may Result from
their status as citizens of the united States.
The power to confer the right of State "citizen-
ship is just as exclusively.with the several States
as the power to confer the right of Federal Cit-
izenship is with Congress. < "" '
The right of Federal citizenship thus to be
conferred on tb% several excepted races be-
fore mentioned is now, for the first time, pro-
posed to be given by law. If, as is claimed
by many, all persons who are native-born, -
already are, by virtue of the Constitution, citi-
zens of the United States, die passage of the
pending bill cannot be necessary to make them
such. If, 011 the other hand, such persons are
not citizens, as may be assumed from the pro-
posed legislation to make them such, ihe grave
question presents itself, whether, when eleven
of the thirty-six States are unrepresented in
Congress, at this time it is sound policy to
make our entire colored population and_ all
other excepted classes citizens of the United
States ? Four millions of them have just emerged
from slavery into freedom. Gan it be reason-
ably supposed that they possess the requisite
qualifications to entitle them to all the privileges
and immunities of citizens of the United States?
Have the people of the several States expressed
such a conviction? It may "also be asked
whether it is necessary that they should be
declared citizens in order that they may be
secured in the enjoyment of civil rights ? Those
rights proposed to be conferred by the bill are
by Federal as well as State laws secured to all
domiciled aliens and foreigners even before
the completion of tlie process of naturalization,
and it may safely be assumed that the same
enactments are sufficient to give like protection
and benefits to those for whom this bill pro-
vides special legislation. Besides, the policy
of the Government, from its origin to the pres-
ent time, seems to have been that persons who
are strangers to and unfamiliar with our in-
stitutions and our laws should pass through a
certain probation, at the end of which, before
attaining the coveted prize, they must give
evidence of their fitness to receive and to exer-
cise the rights of citizens as contemplated by
the Constitution of the United States.
The bill, in effect,, proposes a discrimination
against large numbers of intelligent, worthy,
and patriotic foreigners, and in favor of the
negro, to whom, after long years of bondage,
the avenues to freedom and intelligence have
now been suddenly opened. He must, of ne-
cessity, from his previous unfortunate condi-
tion of servitude, be less informed as to the
nature and character of our institutions than
lie who, coming from abroad, has to some ex-
tent at least, familiarized himself with the prin-
ciples of a Government to which he voluntarily
intrusts "life, liberty, and the pursuit of hap-
piness." Yet it is now proposed by a single
legislative enactment to confer the rights of
citizens upon all persons of African descent,
born within the extended limits of the United
States, while persons of foreign birth, who
make our land their home, must undergo a
probation of five years, and can only then
become citizens upon proof that they are of
'•good moral character, attached to the prin-
ciples of the Constitution of the United States,
and well disposed to the good order and hap-
piness of the same."
The first section of the bill also contains an
enumeration of the rights to be enjoyed by these
classes, so made citizens, "in every State and
Territory in the United States." These rights
are, '■ To make and enforce contracts, to sue,
be parties, and give evidence, to inherit, pur-
chase, lease, sell, hold, and convey real and
personal property," and to have " full And equal
benefit of all laws and proceedings for the secu-
rity of person and property as is enjoyed by
white citizens." So, too, they are made sub-
ject to the same punishment, pains, and pen-
alties in common with white citizens, and to
none others. Thus a perfect equality of the
white and black races is attempted to be fixed
by Federal law, in every State of the Union,
