1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
615
this matter, if that is understood, and go right
into the investigation of the question at issue.
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman will soon
learn that neither he nor I can control the
proceedings of this House. If he should have
the good fortune to be brought on the floor of
this House to-morrow he will soon find that
nothing will be done here until next June or
July except to debate certain measures. It
is not in the power of either of us to hurry the
committee, cholera or no cholera. All of us
know that we have got to sit here till July or
August. Hence, not only the House, but the
gentlemen on the committees, will enjoy them-
selves socially, as well as politically, spite of
any hurrying we can inflict upon them. No
influence can induce them to hurry; neither his
nor mine; and when he has been here a little
longer he will find out that this isnotNew York
city, but a very different sort of a place; and
that whenever this body undertakes to hasten
it hastens very slowly.
So far as i arn concerned, I am willing to act.
But there are other cases pressing here. My
friend on the left, [Mr. Harris,] this disloyal
gentleman, is to be turned out of the House ;
and he ought to be, if he is a rebel. He is
anxious for a hearing before the Committee of
Elections, and he cannot get it.
Mr. RAYMOND. Will the gentleman allow
me a question?
Mr. BROOKS. Certainly.
Mr. RAYMOND. I have already explained
the motive which induced me to make the
motion to reconsider the vote already taken,
and that was simply to have some explanation
of the causes of delay. I understand the con-
testant now to say that he was entirely willing
that this matter shall be dropped if the sitting
member will assure him that he intends to go
forward promptly and readily with the inves-
tigation of this matter.
Mr. BROOKS. I will go as fast as possi-
ble. What a pity it is that we have wasted the
time of this country from a quarter past twelve
to a quarter to three in debate upon this matter!
Mr. RAYMOND. I do not think this time
has been wasted. We have arrived at some
knowledge of the facts of the ease, with which
we had not the slightest acquaintance before.
I think thotime so far has been well spent, and
if the two contestants are now agreed that time
enough has been spent in the matter, I am
quite willing to withdraw the motion.
Mr. BROOKS. I have something more to
say, but I have nothing further now if that is
the understanding. All I want is to have the
papers printed.
The motion to rcconsider was accordingly
withdrawn.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the
committees for reports of a private nature,
beginning with the Committee of Elections.
Mr. JOHNSON. I rise to a privileged mo-
tion. I move to reconsider the vote by which
these papers have been referred, and to lay that
motion on the table.
The SPEAKER. It is too late; it must be
made on the same day or the day succeeding.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then there is 110 use in
my motion at all.
EMPLOYES IN TIIE PRESIDENT'S HOUSE.
Mr. SPALDING-, from the Committee on
Appropriations, reported back a bill to author-
ize the President to appoint certain officers of
his household, and fixing their salaries, and
asked that it be referred to the Committee of
the Whole, to be made the special order for
Tuesday next.
The SPEAKER. There are throe or four
special orders which antedate it.
Mr. SPALDING. I will run the risk.
The order was accordingly made.
Mr. ELIOT. I make objection to anymore
special orders being made before the considera-
tion of the Freedmen's Bureau. I now move
that the order of the morning hour be dispensed
with.
The SPEAKER. That can only bo done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. ELIOT. I ask, then, that it be dis-
pensed with, and that the House resume the
consideration of the Freedmen's Bureau. The
gentleman on the other side [Mr. Kerr] has
the floor, and I am desirous to have the debate
continue and close.
Mr. HALE. I object.
QUARANTINE IN NEW YORK.
Mr. RAYMOND, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to provide for the erection of
warehouses in the port of New York, for the
reception of merchandise arriving in vessels
subject to quarantine by the laws of the State
of New York ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Commex-ce.
Mr. RAY'MOND also, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a joint resolution authorizing
and directing the Secretaries of War and the
Navy to place hulks and vessels at the disposal
of the commissioners of quarantine in New
York; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I now demand the regu-
lar order of business.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask the gentleman to
withdraw the demand to enable mo to introduce
a proposition to prevent the cholera coming to
this city.
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 cannot withdraw it for
any purpose.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Well, he will be the
first man to take it. [Laughter.]
REV. JOHN C. JACOTSI.
Mr. WARD, from the Committee of Claims,
reported back, with the recommendation that
it do not pass, bill of the House No. 113, for
the benefit of Rev. John C. Jacobi; and the
same was laid upon the table.
SARAH WITT.
On motion of Mr. WARD, the Committee
of Claims was discharged from the further con-
sideration of bill of the House No. 133, for the
relief of Sarah Witt; and the same was referred
to the Committee 011 Invalid Pensions.
JOIIN WHISTLER.
Mr. WARD, from the Committee of Claims,
made an adverse report on the petition of J ohn
Whistler, and others, for compensation for de-
struction of property; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to bo printed.
NAVAL OFFICERS, AND OTHERS.
Mr. WARD also, from the same committee,
made an adverse report on the petition of naval
officers, masters of merchant vessels, marine
insurance companies, and others, asking for
compensation; which was laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.
ADDUi THOMPSON.
Mr. SLOAN, from the Committee of Claims,
made an adverse report on thepetitionof Addie
Thompson, of Norwich, New York, asking for
relief; which was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
NANCY M. WILSON.
Mr. SLOAN also, from the same commit-
tee, made an adverse report on the petition of
Mrs. Nancy M. Wilson, late of Ihe State of
Missouri, asking compensation for property j
destroyed by the Union Army and by guer-
rillas during the late war ; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
MURPUl" V. .TONES.
Mr. SLOAN also, from the same committee,
made an adverse report on the petition of Mur-
phy V. Jones; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
SAMUEL V. B. STRIDER.
Mr. SLOAN also, from the same committee,
reported back, with the recommendation that
it do not pass, bill of the House No. 110, for
the relief of Samuel V. B. Strider, and the same
was laid upon the tablo.
J. BUDDING.
Mr. SLOAN also, from the same committee,
made an adverse report on the petition of J.
Dudding, for relief; which was laid upon the
table, and ordered to be printed.
FREDERICK SHERIDAN.
Mr. SLOAN also, from the same committee,
made an adverse report on the petition of Fred-
erick Sheridan, praying compensation for inju-
ries received in the Government service: which
was laid upon the table, and ordered to ba
printed.
PATRICK M'NAMARA.
Mr. SLOAN also, from the same committee,
made an adverse report on the petition of Pat-
rick McNamara; which was laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.
C.J. FIELD AND C. F. CLAY.
Mr. SLOAN. I am also instructed by the
Committee of Claims to make an adverse re-
port on the claim of C. J. Field and C. F. Clay.
I will state that this case conies within res-
olution adopted by the House the other day
on motion of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Delano.]
The report was laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
PHINBAS T. ERAZEE.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the same committee, made an adverse report
on the claim of Phineas T. Frazee; which was
laid on the tablo, and ordered to be printed.
ORDER 01" PROCEEDING TO-MORKOW.
Mr. STEVENS. I understand it has been
arranged to have to-morrow devoted to debate
upon the Freedmen's Bureau bill. Agreatmany
members wish to know if any other business is
to be done to-morrow excepting debate.
Mr. ELIOT. I suppose that by a general
understanding of the House the whole of to-
morrow will be occupied in debating that bill,
without taking any vote on it or doing any other
business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will ask whether
it is intended to exclude the introduction by
unanimous conscut of resolutions or bills for
reference merelv.
Mr. WASI-IBURNE, of Illinois. I think we
hotter have it understood that no business at all
will be done to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. Unless some objection be
made, it will be entered as the order of the
House that no business be done to-morrow,
but that the session shall be devoted exclu-
sively to debate upon the Freedmen's Bureau
bill as the special order.
No objection was made. s
COMMODORE JOHN A. WINSLOW.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I am
instructed by the Committee of Claims to re-
port back the memorial of Commodore John
A. Winslow. for relief for property destroyed or
appropriated by the Government during the
rebellion, and I ask that the committee be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
same.
Mr. BANKS. I would like to ask my col-
league [Mr. Washburn] if' there has been any
hearing before the committee in that case. The
reason I make the inquiry is that Commodore
Winslow lias informed me that some informa-
tion upon this subject has been forwarded which
I am sure the committee has not yet received.
It is well known that Commodore Winslow com-
manded the frigate which destroyed the rebel
pirate Alabama, and he should have an oppor-
tunity to bo heard.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. The
House has passed a, resolution which covers
this case, in the opinion of the committee, and
therefore there is but one course to be pursued.
Mr. BANKS. If that is so I have nothing
more to say.
The motion of Mr. Washburn, of Massa-
chusetts, was then agreed to.
ROBERT MORRIS.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, also,
from the Committee of Claims, made aa ad-
