1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
199
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Niagara Falls Ship-Canal—Mr. Humphrey.
Ho. of Reps.
and the balance of the world; while via the
St. Lawrence we come out into "open sea and
meet icebergs and get a taste of salt water.
We find no customers, no destination but Liv-
erpool worth mentioning, and that market
overstocked.
It is obvious, therefore, that New York will
continue to be what it has ever been, the mar-
ket for the great bulk of the western produce.
And the means of reaching that market be-
comes the all-important question. And to its
consideration I ask the attention of this House
while I state some of the statistical facts bear-
ing upon this question; and I take this occa-
sion to say that I am indebted for much statis-
tical information to a most valuable pamphlet
published by Dr. Hayes upon this subject. The
Erie canal, the Welland and Oswego canals, the
New York Central railroad, the Erie railroad,
the Baltimore and Ohio railroad, and the Og-
densburg railroad, are the principal avenues
through which this commerce must now pass.
I shall, however, confine myself mainly to a
consideration of the capacity of the Erie canal
to accommodate this commerce, omitting en-
tirely any discussion of the capacity of the other
routes mentioned, or that still more important
fact that with the return of peace the Father
of Waters is again opened to the commerce of
the West with the people of half a continent as
its buyers and consumers.
I expect to be able to show that the Erie
canal is not only at present adequate for that
purpose, but will continue to be for many years
to come, and that it is the cheapest route that
is now or can hereafter be opened; that it
controls and keeps down to the lowest practi-
cable figure the cost of transportation from the
West to the East upon all the other routes.
Buffalo harbor, at the junction of the Erie
canal with Lake Erie, is capable of accommo-
dating all the vessels likely to go there for
many years. It has a capacity for elevating
from vessels into canal-boats, or into store,
2,808,000 bushels of grain per day, and a stor-
age capacity of 5,885,000 bushels. Suppose
canal navigation to commence the 1st of May,
and to close the 1st of December in each year,
we have one hundred and eighty-four working
days. When worked to the full capacity, Buf-
falo alone could transfer from vessels into
boats, or into store, 016,672,000 bushels. The
most ever received in one year was in 1862,
08,642,344 bushels, leaving a capacity yet
unoccupied of over 458,000,000 bushels, show-
ing that only about one tenth of the capacity
has ever been used.
But complaint is made of the canals of the
State; that they are too small to furnish an
outlet for western shipments. Let us see how
that account stands. The corrected regis-
ter of canal-boats, now in the hands of the
collector at Buffalo, shows at the present time
about 5,160 boats. The returns show that for
the local use of the State of New York eleven
per cent, of the whole is required; deducting
that from the total, leaves 4,592 boats for the
through business; allowing thirty days for each
trip, and each boat to make seven trips during
the season, we have a total of 32,144 trips;
allowing each boat to average only 6,000 bushels
of all kinds of grain, and there is proved a grain
capacity of 192,864,000bushels. Deduct forthe
most ever shipped in one season, 58,642,344
bushels, and it shows a grain capacity left
unused of over 154,000,000 bushels.
But it may be said that it is unfair to take
all the capacity for grain, leaving nothing for
such freight as lumber, staves, flour, provisions.
&c. Let us see how the year 1864 stands upon
the eastward-bound through tonnage. These
4,592 boats, making 32,144 trips, their average
tonnage being 141 tons each, give 4,532,304
tons capacity. The total through tonnage for
18(i4 was 1,907,136 tons, leaving a balance
unoccupied of 2,025,108 tons, showing only
about one third of the tonnage used. The
capacity of the boats now running is far below
the averageof what the canal can accommodate.
Many of the boats are of the old, small class,
while the canal is able to float a much larger
class of boats. Those lately built and now
building for the through business run from 200
to 250 and 300 tons. It requires no more time
or trouble to lock through a boat of 250 tons
than one of 50 tons, when the locks are en-
larged to admit them into the locks readily.
Thus we may fairly claim that the capacity of
the canal for through business, with the en-
larged locks, is equal to J5,000 boats of 220
ton§ each. These would move 1,320,000 tons
each trip, and for the season of canal naviga-
tion could move 9,240,000 tons. The total
through business of 1864 was but a trifle over
one fifth of the canal facilities with the enlarged
locks. There may be a few days in the fall of
the year when the canal appears to be over-
taxed, but if any one is able to build boats to
run for those few days, and let them lie idle
for the balance of the season, no one is dis-
posed to hinder him.
Then what need is there for another ship-
canal at present? Are the rates too high?
The canal is open to the whole world, without
regard to nationality or even color, to build and
run just as many boats as they like, at just what
price they like, over the State tolls; or three
fourths of the boats can be bought for less than
their estimated value. The commercial law
of supply and demand regulates the rates of
freight, which are sometimes ruinously low and
at other times pay a fair profit. The average
is not as profitable as in almost any other busi-
ness where an equal amount of capital is at
stake. Has the State been unfair in its deal-
ings, and increased the tolls, that western men
should seek to avoid them and take another
route? Letus resort to figures again, both upon
tolls and freight, taking the article of flour and
tracing it through the various periods since
shipments began to the present time, dealing
witn the general average for equal periods of
years, for we must treat every great commercial
business upon the average in order to arrive at
correct deductions. We find that from 1830
to 1833, four years, the toll on a barrel of
flour from Buffalo to Albany was 51 cents and
the freight was 44 cents; the next twelve years
the toll was 33 cents and freight was 42 cents,
40 cents and 27 cents for periods of four yeai-s
each; the next four years tolls were 31 cents
and freight 33 cents; the next, 25 cents tolls
and 29 cents freight; the next, 23 cents tolls
and 20 cents freight; the next seven years the
toll was 19 cents and the freight 24 cents.
For thirty-five years western productions have
been increasing at a rate never before equaled
in any country, and during that time the tolls
have been reduced sixty-three per cent., and
the freight reduced forty-five per cent, on flour.
The rates of toll arc not fixed upon a sliding scale,
to rise and fall with the price of gold in New York,
or the price of wheat and corn at Chicago, Buffalo,
New York, or in London. In this fact the western
producer has secured an important advantage.
The merchants also complain of the injustice
done them; let us see how far the State is to
blame in this matter. The averages on goods
per 100 pounds from Albany to Buffalo were
as follows, namely: first four years tolls were
49 cents and freight 15 cents; the next twelve
years tolls were 33 cents and freight 57 cents,
45 cents and 26 cents for four years each; next
four years tolls were 24 cents, freight 15 cents ;
the next, tolls 19 cents, freight 11 cents; the
next, tolls 15 cents, freight 10 cents; and the
last seven years the average was 6 cents tolls
and 6 cents freight. Thirty-five years of unex-
ampled increase of the wealth and growth of
our western towns and cities, and a decrease
in tolls and freights the most remarkable ever
known in the history of the world—the reduc-
tions being from 49 cents to 6 cents per ,100
pounds on tolls, and from 45 cents to G cents
on freight, equal to eighty-eight per cent in
tolls and eighty-seven per cent, on freight; the
extreme high price being paid cheerfully when
we were poor, the low price now being a cause
of complaint when we are rich and prosperous!
This wonderful reduction in rates is a convin-
cing proof that the vast and astonishing increase
of population and production has been more
than anticipated, until the increased facilities
have far outstripped the demand, leaving hun-
dreds of o"ur canal-boats lying idle during the
greater part of the season, that would be use-
less entirely were it not for an increase of busi-
ness during a few days in the fall. Prices have
fluctuated, and combinations have been formed
to put prices up, and in some few cases a few
may have suffered by being caught in the gap ;
but competition is the great leveler of prices,
and soon overcomes these irregularities.
To guard against combinations is one end to
he gained, but this ship-canal would not gain
that end. The experiment has been tried for
several years. The Welland canal has been
open, and has been used for the very same pur-
pose; and to show how perfectly commerce
regulates itself it is only necessary to make a
comparison of the average for the transporta-
tion of wheat and corn from Chicago to New
York. For the year 1864, via lake and canal,
via Buffalo, it was 28Isff% cents on wheat, and
25^ cents on corn; and via Oswego it was
28i4?f,T cents on wheat, and 25i°l)°(r on corn.
Saving in favor of Buffalo one tenth of a cent
on wheat, and four tenths on corn. Notice
how evenly the charges are balanced in pro-
portion to the work done by each route. The
divisions of the charges by both routes for the
average for the year were:
VIA BUFFALO.
On wheat. On corn.
Lakes freight  9.58 cents. 8.94 cents.
Canal tolls  6.21 4.83
Canal and river 12.57 11.72
VIA OSWEGO.
On wheat. On corn.
Lakes freight 15.37 cents. 14.28 cents.
Canal tolls  3.54 2.75
Canal and river  9.45 8.87
The fluctuation in prices at times does not
prove'any fault in either route. It is an evil
that cannot be controlled by State authorities
or by the canal interests, neither is it confined
to the canal. Take the last four years and see
the fluctuations on the lakes and canals: the
lowest average rate from Chicago to Buffalo,
in 1861, was in July, when it was 5f cents on
wheat and 5} cents on corn. The highest was
in October, the average for that month being
ISin8 cents on wheat and 17|- cents on corn,
making a difference of about 350 per cent, be-
tween the months of July and October. On
the canal from Buffalo to New York the average
for July was 11J cents on wheat, and 10^%
cents on corn; in November the average was
25T%"5 cents on wheat, and 23-/j,8ff cents on corn,
the difference being about two hundred and
twenty-five per cent, from the lowest to the high-
est average for the months of July and Novem-
ber, or one hundred and twenty-five per cent,
less fluctuation on the canal than on the lake
for the same time. The total averages for each
year have been very even. The average for
1801 from Chicago to Buffalo was 11cents
on wheat, and lOj^o ecnts on corn; and in
1SR2 the average was l^-^ cent less on wheat,
and cents on corn ; in 1803 the average
was 3 cents less on wheat and less on
corn; and in 18C4 the average was cents
on wheat, and cents on com, \\ litle for
the same time the prices averaged from Buffalo
to New York:
On wheat. On corn.
In 1861 15.75 cents. 14.43 cents.
In 1862 15.84 13->6
In 1863 15.39 13.38
In 1S34 18.78 lb.oo
Showinga constant, gradual reduction. Upon
a gold basis 1804 was cheaper than ever be-
fore, the money being so depreciated in value
that, the net results were not near as great in
the other years. About the same averages are
also shown via Oswego. Thus the route has
i nothing whatever to do with the fluctuations of
