1680
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
March 27,
over the vast field of State jurisdiction covered
by these enumerated rights. In no one of these
can any State ever exercise any power of dis-
crimination between the different races.
In the exercise of State policy over matters
exclusively affecting the people of each State,
it has frequently been thought expedient to dis-
criminate between the two races. By the stat-
utes of some of the States, northern as well as
southern, it is enacted, for instance, that no
white person shall intermarry with a negro or
mulatto. Chancellor Kent says, speaking of
the blacks, that " marriages between them and
the whites are forbidden in some of the States
where slavery does not exist, and they are pro-
hibited in all the slaveholding States, and when
not absolutely contrary to law, they are revolt-
ing, and legarded as an offense against public
decorum."
I do not say this bill repeals State laws on
the subject of marriage between the two races,
for as the whites are forbidden to intermarry
with the blacks, the blacks can only make such
contracts as the whites themselves are allowed
to make, and therefore cannot, under this bill,
enter into' the marriage contract with the whites.
I cite this discrimination, however, as an in-
stance of the State policy as to discrimination,
and to inquire whether, if Congress can abro-
gate all State laws of discrimination between
the two races in the matter of real estate, of
suits, and of contracts generally, Congress may
not also repeal the State laws as to the contract
of marriage between the two races? Hitherto
every subject embraced in tiie enumeration of
rights contained in this bill lias been considered
as exclusively belongingto the States. They all
relate to the internal policy and economy of the
respective States. They are matters which in
each State concern the domestic condition of
its people, varying in each according to its own
Eeculiar circumstances, and the safety and well-
eing of its own citizens. 1 do not mean to
say that upon all these subjects there are not
Federal restraints, as for instance, in the State
power of legislation over contracts, there is a
FederalliiBitation that no State shall pass a law
impairing the obligations of contracts ; and as
to crimes, that no State shall pass an ex post
farto law ; and as to money, that no State shall
make anything but gold and silver a legal tend-
er.^ But where can we find a Federal prohi-
bition against the power of any State to discrimi-
nate, as do most of them, between aliens and
citizens, between artificial persons called cor-
porations and natural persons, iu the right to
hold real estate V
If it be granted that Congress can repeal all
State laws discriminating between whiles and
blacks in the subjects covered by this bill, why,
it may bo asked, may not Congress repeal m
the same way all State laws discriminating be-
tween the two races on the subjects of suffrage
and ollicc? it Congress can declare by law who
shall hold lands, who shall testify, who shall
have capacity to make a contract in a State,
then Congress can by law also dcclaie who,
without regard to color or race, shall have the
right to sit. as a juror or as a jud.<;e, to hold any
office, and, finally, to vote "in every State and
Territory of the United States." As respects
the I erritories, they come within the powerof
Congress, for as to them, the law-making power
is the Federal power; but as to the States no
similar provisions exist, vesting in Congress
the power "to make rules and regulations" for
llieiu.
The object of the second section of the bill
is to afford discriminating protection to colored
persons in the full enjoyment of all the rights
secured to them by the preceding section. It
declares " that any person who, under color
of any law, statute, ordinance, regulation, or
custom, shall subject, or cause to be subjected,
any inhabitant of any State or Territory to the
deprivation of any right secured or protected
by this act, or to different punishment, pains,
or penalties on account of such person having
at one time been held in a condition of slavery
or involuntary servitude, except as a punish-
ment for crime whereof the party shall have
been duly convicted, or by reason of his color
or race, than is prescribed for the punishment
of white persons, shall be deemed guilty of a
misdemeanor, and, on conviction, shall be pun-
ished by fine not exceeding §1,000, or impris-
onment not exceeding one year, or both, in the
discretion of the court." This section seems
to be designed to apply to some existing or fu-
ture law of a Slate or Territory which may con-
flict with the provisions of the bill now under
consideration. It provides for counteracting
such forbidden legislation by imposing fine and
imprisonment upon the legislators who may
pass such conflicting laws, or upon the officers
or agents who shall put, or attempt to put, them
into execution. It means an official offense,
not a common crime committed against law
upon the persons or property of the black race.
Such an act may deprive the black man of his
property, but not of the right to hold property,
it means a deprivation of the right itself, either
by the State judiciary or the State Legislature.
It is therefore assumed that under this section
members of State Legislatures who should vote
for laws conflicting with the provisions of the
bill; that judges of the State courtswho should
render judgments in antagonism with its terms;
and that marshals and sheriffs, who should, as
ministerial officers, execute processes, sanc-
tioned by State laws and issued by State judges,
in execution of their judgments, could be
brought before other tribunals and there sub-
jected to fine and imprisonment for the per-
formance of the duties which such State laws
might impose.
The legislation thus proposed invades the
judicial power of the State. It says to every
State court or judge, if you decide that this act
is unconstitutional, if you refuse, under the
prohibition of a State law, to allow a negro to
testify, if you hold that over such a subject-
matter the State law is paramount, and "under
color" of a State law refuse the exercise of the
right to the negro, your error of judgment,
however conscientious, shall subject you to fine
and imprisonment. I do not apprehend that
the conflicting legislation which the bill seems
to contemplate is so likely to occur as to render
it necessary at this time to adopt a measure of
such doubtful constitutionality.
Tn the next place, this provision of the bill
seems to be unnecessary, as adequate judicial
remedies could he adopted to secure the de-
sired end without invading the immunities of
legislators, always important to be preserved
in the interest of public liberty ; without assail-
ing (he independence of the judiciary, always
esscntialtothepreservation ot individual rights;
and without impairing the efficiency of minis-
terial officers, always necessary for the main-
tenance of public peace and order. The remedy
proposed by this section seems to be, in this
respect, not only anomalous, but unconstitu-
tional ; for the Constitution guaranties nothing
with certainty, if it does not insure to the sev-
eral Stales the right of making and executing
laws in regard to all matters arising within their
jurisdiction, subject only to the restriction that
in cases of conflict with the Constitution and
constitutional laws of the United States the
latter should be held to be the supreme law of
the land.
The third section gives the district courts
of the United States exclusive " cognizance of
all crimes and offenses committed against the
provisions of this act," and concurrent juris-
diction with the circuit courts of the United
States of all civil and criminal cases "affect-
ing persons who are denied or cannot enforce ;
in the courts or judicial tribunals of the State
or locality where they may be any of the rights
secured to them by the first section.'' The con-
struction which I have given to the second sec-
tion is strengthened by this third section, for it
makes clear what kind of denial or deprivation
of the rights secured by the first section was in
contemplation. It is a denial or deprivation
of such rights "in the courts or judicial tribu-
nals of the State." It stands, therefore, clear
of doubt that the offense and the penalties pro-
vided in the second section are intended for the
State_ judge, who, in the clear exercise of his
functions as a judge, not acting ministerially,
but judicially, shall decide contrary to this Fed-
eral law. In other words, when a State judge,
acting upon a question involving a conflict be-
tween a State law and a Federal law, and bound,
according to his own judgment and responsi-
bility, to give an impartial decision between
the two, comes to the conclusion that the State
law is valid and the Federal law is invalid, he
must not follow the dictates of his own judg-
ment at the peril of fine and imprisonment.
The legislative department of the Government
of the United States thus takes from the judicial
department of the Slates the sacred and exclu-
sive duty of judicial decision, and converts the
State judge into a mere ministerial officer,
bound to decide according to the will of Con-
gress.
It is clear that in States which derry to per-
sons whose rights are secured by the first sec-
tion of the bill any one of those rights, all
criminal and civil cases affecting them, will,
by the provisions of the third section, come
under the exclusive cognizance of the Federal
tribunals. It follows that if, in any State which
denies to a colored person any one of all those
rights, that person should commit a crime
against the laws of the State, murder, arson,
rape, or any other crime, all protection and
punishment through the courts of the State are
taken away, and he can only be tried and pun-
ished ill the Federal courts. How is the crim-
inal to be tried? If the offense is providedfor
and punished by Federal law, that law, and not
the State law, is to govern.
It is only when the offense does not happen
to be within the purview of the Federal law
that the Federal courts are to try and punish
him under any other law. Then resort is to be
had to "the common law, as modified and
changed" by State legislation, "so far as the
same is not inconsistent with the Constitution
and laws of the United States." So that over
this vast domain of criminal jurisprudence,
provided by each State for the protection of
its own citizens, and for the punishment of all
persons wdio violate its criminal laws, Federal
law, Wherever it can be made to apply, dis-
places State law.
The question here naturally arises, from what
source Congress derives the power to transfer
to Federal tribunals certain classes of cases
embraced in this section? The Constitution
expressly declares that the judicial power of
the United States " shall extend to all cases in
law and equity arising under this Constitution,
thelawsof the UnitedStates, and treaties made,
or which shall be made, under their authority;
to all cases affecting embassadors, other public
ministers, and consuls ; toallcases of admiralty
and maritime jurisdiction; to controversies to
which the United States shall boa party: to
controversies between two or more States, be-
tween a State and citizens of another State,
between citizens of different States, between
citizens of the same State claiming land under
grants of different States, and between a State,
or the citizens thereof, and foreign States, citi-
zens, or subjects."
Here the judicial power of the United States
is^expressly set forth and defined ; and the act
of September '2-t. 1789, establishing the judi-
cial eourts^of the United States, in conferring
upon the Federal courts jurisdiction over eases
originating in State tribunals, is careful to con-
fine them to the classes enumerated in the
above recited clause of the Constitution. This
section of the bill undoubtedly comprehends
case and authorizes the exercise of powers
that are not, by the Constitution, within the
jurisdiction of "the courts of the United States.
To transfer them to those courts would bo an
exercise of authority well calculated to excitc
distrust and alarm on the part of all the States;
for the bill applies alike to all of them—as
well to those that have as to those that have
not been engaged in rebellion.
#It maybe assumed that this authority is inci-
dent to the power granted to Congress by the
Constitution, as recently amended, to enforce,
