2640
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope ths Senator does
not mean to put it on as an amendment to sec-
tion two.
Mr. SUMNER. I am not going to put it 011
section two, but to have it as a provision by
itself.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well, then, it is
in order for me to move to strike out section
two, and I do so.
Mr. SUMNER. I believe it is not in order
until the committees get through with their
amendments.
Mr. TRUMBULL." I suppose it is in order
at any time for me to make a motion in refer-
■ enee to the bill whenever I can get the atten-
tion of the Chair.
Mr. SUMNER. Is it not the rule of the
Senate that the committees are first to get
through with their amendments? I was going
on with the business of my committee and have
not yet got through.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Illinois withdraw his motion?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir. There is no
other motion before the Senate with reference
to the bill j and I move to strike out section
two.
Mr. SUMNER. If I can have the floor on
the business that was pending I will move a
section to come in immediately before section
two, from llie Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask the Senator from
Massachusetts if he is authorized by the com-
mittee to recommend the creation of a new
office.
Mr. SUMNER. This is carrying out the
main idea of the committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Illinois is in order,
unless withdrawn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is not a matter of
much importance, but it is very manifest that
the Senator from Massachusetts, unless he is
the committee himself, cannot make these
motions from any committee. He has not
charge of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Illinois. That Senator moves to strike out sec-
tion two. The section will be read.
The Secretary read section two, as amended,
as follows:
Sec. 2. Andbc it further enacted, That the President
be, and ho is hereby, authorized to appoint, by and
with the advice and conscnt of the Senate, an officer
in tho Department of State to bo called Solicitor to
the Department of Stale, at an annual salary of $3,000,
to commence on the 1st day of July, 18G6; and tho
amount nccessary to pay the samo is hcroby appro-
priated.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In making this motion,
I am not governed by any considerations of
objection to having a law officer for the State
Department, if one be necessary; and I am
not prepared to say that it may not be neces-
sary to have advice in connection with that
Department; but tho question which influences
me is this: before the war the Law Department
of the Government was the Attorney General's
Department, and all the other Departments—
the State, the War, the Navy, the Post Office,
the Interior—whenever a question arose about
which there was a doubt in the construction of
a law, referred that question to the Attorney
General's office. There was an exception, I
think, in tlie case of the Treasury Department,
which has had a Solicitor for some years, and
perhaps it is necessary that there should be a
Solicitor in the Treasury Department, not for
tho purpose of advising that Department as to
the construction of laws, but for the purpose
of aiding in the collection of claims.
Mr. JOHNSON. TheSolicitoroftheTreas-
ury was appointed for the very purpose of super-
intending the prosecution of suits or the defense
of suits in which the Treasury was concerned ;
but when the Secretary desired any opinion he
always consulted the Attorney General.
Mr. TRUMBULL. So I supposed; when-
over a legal opinion was desired by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, it was obtained from the
Attorney General, and the Solicitor in the
Treasury Department was appointed merely to
attend to the collection of claims, and there
may be a propriety for such an officer there.
But during the war the War Department had
a Solicitor attached to that Department?, and
so also had the Navy Department. The Post
Office Department has now a Solicitor, and a
bill is pending, I think, to give an Assistant
Solicitor to the Treasury Department.
Mr. GRIMES. The office of Solicitor of
the Navy Department expires with the war or
within one year thereafter.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was not aware of that
limitation. This is a provision now to estab-
lish a Solicitor in the State Department. In
my opposition to it I am governed entirely by
general considerations. 1 think that the At-
torney General's Department should be an
independent Department of the Government,
and the construction of the laws to govern all
the Executive Departments, the Interior, the
Treasury, the War, the Post Office, the State,
the Navy, should be the same and should come
from the Attorney General's office. If the
Attorney General has not now sufficient force
in his office give him one, two, or half a dozen
assistants, I care not how many, so that the
public service requires them, and let one of
those assistants, if you please, attend to busi-
ness that peculiarly pertains to the.War De-
partment, or pertains to tho State Department.
By having them all together and all under one
head you will have one construction of the
laws. That is not the case now. A member
of tho Senate stated to me the other day—I
think the Senator from Nevada; some Senator,
I know—that he had been around from one
Department to another and had found conflict-
ing constructions of statutes which subjected
parties doing business with the Government to
a great deal of difficulty, expense, and uncer-
tainty. This ought not to be. There should
be a head to the Law Department of the Gov-
| eminent as well as to every other.
I will state here that I have had some con-
1 sulfation with the Attorney General on this
subject, and that a bill can bo prepared which
shall place this whole matter under one head.
I think it very improper to bo making a Soli-
citor for each one of the Departments. If we
are to go on with that system we might as well
abolish the Attorney General's office; we do
not need it at all. Instead of doing this, let
us increase tho force of the Attorney General's
office as much as may be necessary to give all
the advice that is needed in the construction
of laws to the various Departments.
I would not interfere with the Solicitor of
the Treasury Department because, as was
stated by the Senator from Maryland, he is
not placed there for tho purpose of construing
statutes and fixing the rules by which the De-
partments of the Government are to he gov-
erned, but rather to attend to the collection
of claims, and that Department may need
such an officer. I suppose, from the fact that
the office was established there a long time
ago, that it is necesS&ry; but the Government
having for eighty years been able to get along
without a Solicitor in the State Department,
and having been able to get along through the
war without such an ofheer, it can, I think,
continue to get along without such an officer
now, if there is a law officer to whom tho State
Department can apply for the construction of
laws applicable to that Department. I hope
the Senate will consent to strike out this sec-
ond section, and let us have some uniform
rule in reference to these Departments.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hold in my hand a
letter from the Secretary of State on this sub-
ject, which I will read:
Department op Statu.
Washington, February 6,1866.
Sir : The great number of claims of citizens of the
United States on foreign Governments and of the cit-
izens and subjects of foreign countries on this Gov-
ernment growing out of the late civil war and the
importance of the principles involved in them, make
it indispensable, in my judgment, that the head of
this Department should have the assistance of a pro-
fessional gentleman properly to dispose of those sub-
jects. To that end 1 recommend that an appropria-
tion he inserted in tho civil and diplomatic appro-
priation bill of 83,000 for the compensation at that
rate by tho year of an otlieer to bo called the Soli-
citor to the Department of State. -
1 have tho honor to bo, sir, your obedient servant,
WILLIAM II. SEWARD.
Hon. William P. Ff.ssenden, Senate.
The recommendation of the Secretary, it
will be observed, is that it be inserted in tho
civil and diplomatic appropriation bill. There
is no such appropriation bill at present. There
is the legislative, executive, and judicial bill,
and the diplomatic and consular bill. In for-
mer times, there was but one bill entitled as
the Secretary has stated.
I differ with the honorable Senator from
Illinois on this subject. I do not see the pro-
priety of making so large an establishment of
the Attorney General's office. With regard
to the Treasury Department, my experience
satisfied me that they could not get along there
at all without a Solicitor. Questions are aris-
ing every day upon which you must have an
immediate decision, and the officer to examine
the papers and give the decisions should be
an officer who is subject to the control and
under the direction of the Secretary of the
Treasury. He cannot send questions that
arise there, involving the examination of pa-
pers to see what the statutes are on the par-
ticular subject, to the Attorney General's office
and wait until the Attorney General, or some-
body under his direction, is in a condition to
advise him with reference to it. The office of
Solicitor of the Treasury Department has ex-
isted now for over twenty years, and the busi-
ness of the Solicitor is now very large. It is
true it may originaMy have been the case that
he was appointed merely to look after claims,
although I am inclined to think that is not so ;
it has not been'so within my recollection ; but
the business he has to do now" is multiform.
There is a great variety of questions arising
every day for the Secretary to decide, upon
which ho wants to know what tho law is, and
know it immediately, and it is impossible for
him to examine them, and he sends them to
tho Solicitor to have an immediate opinion.
Tho Solicitor lays aside other business which
can be disposed of afterward, and attends to
the directions of the Secretary of tho Treasury.
I am satisfied that that officer is indispensable.
I can understand from the letter of the Secre-
tary of State why at the present time he needs
this officer, and why he has not needed .him be-
fore. During tho war, claims were wot presented
to any considerable extent to that Department;
before the war there were none ; but he says
very properly, and we can understand it, that
out of the war have grown many claims of for-
eigners upon our Goverment, and of our cit-
izens upon foreign Governments. Those must
be undoubtedly attended to through .commu-
nications made by the Secretary of State. He
is the person to communicate with foreign Gov-
ernments upon all these subjects; and with the
variety of matters arising there it is impossible
for him to examine these questions personally.
I have no doubt about it. The duties which
he is called upon to perform in the ordinary
course of correspondence, &c., are enough to
occupy all his time.
Now, then, there being this large number of
claims there at the present time, lie must have
an opinion, -upon those claims, of somebody
else, which he can understand and appreciate,
or else he must examine them himself and
form his own opinion. He cannot examine
them himself. They are peculiar to and ap-
propriate to his office, and he would be exposed
to a great deal of inconvenience if he were
obliged to send every claim that comes from
foreign Governments or from foreigners, 6v
from our citizens upon foreign Governments,
to the Attorney General's office, to an officer
not under his control or direction, to be exam-
ined, and a report made by the Attorney Gen-
eral ; and as the answer must be made by the
Attorney General himself, it would lay a very
