200
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 1,
Ho. of Keps.
Niagara Falls Ship-Ocmal—Mr. Miller.
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
prices, they being ruled entirely by the law of
supply and demand. The deereaaing prices
proves that our lake and canal facilities are
now far in advance of the demand during the
season of navigation.
Thus, by facts and figures, I have demon-
strated that thepresent means'of transportation
are sufficient to accommodate the increasing
commerce of the West and will continue to be
for many years. But if it was otherwise, and
greater capacity was required, the Niagara ship-
canal would add nothing to it. By thi-s canal—
and the same can be done by the Welland canal
now—vessels are enabled to tranship freight
on to the Oswego and Erie canals at Oswego,
instead of Buffalo; and if the Brie canal is
not adequate to move this freight from Buffalo
it will be equally inadequate from Syracuse,
where the Oswego canal connects with it. To
increase the capacity for transporting western
produce to the eastern market by this route not
only this ship-canal must be built, but the Os-
wego and Erie canals, for a distance of one
hundred and eighty miles must be enlarged;
the former is useless without the latter. But
it is urged that this canal will open another and
a competing route to Lake Ontario, and by
such competition the cost of transportation will
be reduced upon all the routes; but the com-
parison which I have already made between
freights by way of the Welland c,anal and Os-
wego and Buffalo and the Erie canal is a com-
plete answer to this Claim. What is gained by
reducing the distance of canal transportation
is added to the lake freights from the western
ports to Oswego.
Mr. Speaker, it must be apparent to any one
who will take the trouble to investigate the
matter that this ship-canal scheme, as a com-
mercial enterprise, has no merit whatever. It
could not secure a subscription from the capi-
talists in either New York city or Boston to the
amount of $100. It is, therefore, unquestion-
ably just the kind of scheme to come to Con-
gress for aid. Hence, in the consideration of
such a question we rise above the well-settled
laws of trade and commerce. We are states-
men. No inquiry is made here whether it will
pay, but is it a " military necessity?" It is in
this way that the class of patriotic gentlemen
whom the honorable member from Chicago the
other day demanded should be excluded from
this Hall during the consideration of the Pa-
cific railroad bill, and who arc commonly known
as the legislative bounty brokers, hope to ob-
tain SO,000,000 of the people's money. Trtie,
the Government has no money to pay the poor
soldier who periled his life in its defense, or to
pay loyal men for property taken or destroyed
by our Army during the war. The widows and
orphans of the brave men who died in the strug-
gle for national existence have thus far been
turned coldly away by this Congress upon the
pretense that the condition of our national
finances demands the strictest economy. But
lei the shoddyites of the war, whose occupation
I had hoped was gone, come here with their
" little" scheme, in the shape of some railroad
or ■ anal wiiich they tell us is a "military and
C'i nmercial necessity," and all at once a sud-
den change takes place; the Federal Treasury
becomes a new-found Golconda. The scrip-
tural promise is to them fulfilled; they have
only "to ask, and it is given, to knock, and
the Treasury is opened." Bonds or lands in
untold millions are given to thera ; but the
people will not, ay, cannot, endure this much
longer. If it cannot otherwise be stopped they
will come to this Capitol and scourge these
legislative speculators from these Halls, and
demand of us, their misrepresentatives, that
we surrender the power they confided to us to
honester and wiser men.
Mr. Speaker, a word to our brethren of the
West and I am done. 5
The constantly decreasing tolls on the New
York canals, the constantly increasing capacity
to meet the wants of the West, and our desire
as soon as demanded by the further enlarge-
ment of the locks to increase their capacity to
at least two hundred million bushels, should
be a token of friendship and love between the
Empire State and her sister States of the great
Northwest. We will decrease the tolls just as
fast as the increased business will warrant it
being done. If the West had a thousand ca-
nal's it could do no more and be just to itself.
If New York holds a local position advan-
tageous to exterior trade and interior traffic,
is this a crime for which she must or ought to
be denounced and punished? If by her own
means and the wisdom and forecast of ner
statesmen she has improved those local ad-
vantages, not only to her own benefit, but for
the welfare of her neighbors, should she be
denounced as extortionate because she says to
them, use these facilities for traffic in common
with all the world by paying a fair and reason-
able compensation therefor? Our toll rates are
not and have not been any higher than they
were in 1857 on agricultural products, when
the tolls were paid in gold or its equivalent.
Does the Wes't complain of this? Has she
felt this conduct on the part of New York to
be wrong, oppressive, and exorbitant taxation ?
Will her interests be better provided for by a
private corporation ? Most certainly not. There
should be no rivalry or jealousies between the
East and West, for when we look at Detroit,
Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul, or any other
city, county, or town upon the broad expanse
of this fair and fertile western world, we find
the seed from which sprang western enterprise
and shrewdness, which has ripened into power
and unexampled greatness and prosperity.
Thatseedwas the "universal Yankee." New
York and the New England States planted the
germ of this great western empire, which soon
extended its fame to the over-populated coun-
tries across the ocean, inducing hundreds of
thousands to seek homes upon its broad prai-
ries. Now, no nation on earth, no eastern
State, not even Canada, can strike'a blow
against the welfare of the West without send-
ing the arrows of affliction directly into the
hearts of their own offspring and family friends.
Therefore New York, the eastern States, and
the whole world respond and rejoice in west-
ern greatness and prosperity, and we will open
the doors wider and wider for its increased pro-
ductions as fast as it can reasonably demand
it, but we ask the West in return not to slight
its old and early friends, or go stumbling over
difficulties, through Canada, down the St. Law-
rence, out of the Gulf, around Nova Scotia and
along its dangerous coast to get to Boston.
Niagara Falls Ship-Canal.
SPEECH OF HON. G. F. MILLEB,
of pennsylvania,
In the House op Representatives,
May 1, 1866,
On tho bill providing for a ship-canal around the
falls of Niagara.
Mr. MILLER. Mr. Speaker, the bill under
consideration provides for the construction by
a company of a ship-canal around the falls of
Niagara, in the State ofNew York, commencing
at some convenient point on the Niagara river
above the falls and terminating at some con-
venient point below upon the stream, or upon
the shore of Lake Ontario, which shall not be
less than one hundred and five feet wide on the
surface, and ninety feet in the bottom, with not
less than fourteen feet of water, with locks not
less than two hundred and seventy-five feet
long, and forty-six wide, to be carefully sur-
veyed and located by topographical and civil
engineers to be appointed by the President of
the United States. It also provides for securing
the right of way, and said company allowed
to charge tolls, to be imposed on vessels, &c.,
which are not to exceed the rate of tolls charged
on the Welland canal in Canada West; but
with the reservation that said canal shall at all
times after its construction be free from toll
from the United States, and open to its use for
the transportation of military stores, munitions
ofwar, and troops, andforthepassing gunboats,
Government transports, and vessels engaged
in the transportation of property or troops for
the Government.
The bill also provides that the sum of
$6,000,000 shall be loaned by the United States
to aid in the construction of said canal, to be
paid in bonds of the United States, in denomi-
nations of $1,000 each, to be dated the 1st of
September, 1867, payable in twenty years there-
after, with interest at the rate of six per cent,
per annum, payable semi-annually upon war-
rants or coupons annexed thereto, signed by
the Treasurer of the United States, to be duly
numbered, and registered in a book to be kept
by him for that purpose. The bill also pro-
vides that said bonds are to be delivered over
to said company in installments of $200,000
whenever $300,000 has been expended by the
company in the construction of said canal, and
ijp. same manner until the whole sum is paid
over. It is also provided that from the tolls
which shall be collected on said canal, ten per
cent, thereof, after deducting costs of repairs,
&c., shall, on the 1st of January in each year,
be paid into the Treasury of the United States,
whieh moneys shall be applied toward the pay-
ment of the jim so loaned, with interest; and
it is also provided in the bill that the United
States may elect to purchase said canal by
refunding the money the company expended,
with interest thereon at the rate of seven per
cent. I might add that the bill is so drawn as
to sufficiently protect the United States and the
public generally.
As to the feasibility of the project there can
be no doubt, many surveys having been made;
and among the most elaborate and reliable of
these surveys is that made by direction of the
General Government in 1836, by the late Cap-
tain William G. Williams, of the United States
Engineer corps, an officer of distinguished abil-
ity and high professional attainments, and re-
ported to the first session of the Twenty-Fourth
Congress. This proposed ship-canal is the only
link wanting to give a fi'ee communication
through and between the great lakes, to wit,
Lakes Ontario, Erie, Michigan, and Superior,
and the river St. Lawrence, for vessels of the
largest size navigating these lakes. The Niag-
ara river, around whose stupendous cataract
this canal is proposed to be made, is thirty-six
miles in length, twenty-seven of which are now
navigable for the largest class of ships on the
lakes, leaving but nine miles of obstruction in
the whole length of the river. The great waters
of our northwestern possessions, covering an
area of one hundred and fifty thousand square
miles, bounded by a coast of about three thou-
sand two hundred and ninety-four miles, and
of the British possessions two thousand four
hundred and twenty-five, are at length dis-
charged through the narrow channel of the
Niagara. As to the authority of the United
States to aid in the construction of such an
enterprise there can be no doubt. Tho doc-
trine contended for by the honorable gentleman
from Buffalo, New York, [Mr. J. M. Hum-
phrey,] has long since been exploded, and the
authority of Congress to make ports and en-
courage the improvement of rivers, harbors,
ship-canals, &c., as a war measure, or for the
encouragement of commerce, or the transpor-
tation of the United States mails, has become
too well'established to be shaken.
This contemplated improvement is of great
national importance in a double aspect: first,
as a measure of military defense; and secondly,
in regard to commerce. Then, as to the first,
as a war measure, history shows this to be a
place of note during the late war with Great
Britain. On the. banks of the Niagara river
were concentrated extensive military operations
