1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3601
For any reasonable and moderate reduction of
the duty proposed on this article.
Mr. HuMJPHREY. I am very glad to learn
that fact.
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 find, Mr. Chairman, in
looking at the census of 1800 that nearly two
thirds of all the salt consumed in the United
States is imported from foreign countries. Per-
haps the manufacture and consumption of the
domestic product has increased somewhat since
1860, but certainly not to any large extent;
and we may safely calculate, I think, that in
the future two thirds of all the salt consumed
in the United States must be imported from
abroad.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DRIGGS. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. I renew it. I wish to say, Mr.
Chairman, that I have not been at all surprised
at the remarks of my honorable colleague from
the Buffalo district, [Mr. Humphrey.] He op-
poses this increased duty on salt not because
the interest is not one intrinsically entitled to
the fair and just consideration of this House,
but because he is opposed to all protection.
That is his doctrine. He 'opposes the whole
bill in every form, feature, and principle; and
he will vote against it, no matter what may be
said by its friends or its enemies. Now,'sir,
the honorable gentleman from MissoaH [Mr.
Bexjamin] is mistaken in his statement! with
reference to the consumption of foreign salt in
the United States. Formerly two thirds of all
the salt used in this country was the production
of our own citizens.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman whence he gets his figures.
Mr. DAVIS. From the returns of imported
salt.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have here the census
returns of 1860, and I do not find them to
agree with the gentleman's statement.
Mr. DAVIS. I have the returns from the
Department. If the gentleman will refer to
the census of 1S60 he will find that we manu-
factured in that year about fourteen million
bushels of salt and imported about the same
quantity. But large quantities of salt manu-
factured at that time in the country were not
represented at all in the returns. The salt in
the Pomeroy district was not returned. The
salt of California was not returned. The salt
of many places was not returned. The ques-
tion we have to settle by this Congress is one
which appeals to the justice and conscience
of the country; and that is, how we are to
divide labor between mechanics and agricul-
ture so as to .make both remunerative. That
is the question we have to meet. It is the
solemn duty of the American Congress to see
whether the industry of the American people,
whether the agriculture of America, whether
- all of our interests cannot be fairly protected.
I am not in favor of a prohibitive tariff, but
I want liberal and fair protection. When I
remember the fact that upon the salt produced
in my own district one hundred and twenty-five
thousand persons all over the country are de-
pendent, directly or indirectly; when I remem-
ber that the miner of Pennsylvania is employed
in procuring the coal with which salt is manu-
factured; when I remember all the interests
concerned, directly or indirectly, of transpor-
tation, &c., I ask from Congress action, and
favorable action. Without just protection the
manufacture in this country may cease. It has
been said the salt manufacture lias been profit-
able. The> gentleman from New York made
that representation. When this war broke out
our salt went down.the Mississippi to Memphis,
and to New Orleans when we captured that
place.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BENJAMIN- I want to correct a state-
ment.
Mr. HUMPHREY. I will do that. Mr.
Chairman, there has not been a single propo-
sition to increase the tariff on any article pre-
sented to this committee but has been urged
on the ground that unless it was adopted the
business would stop. Now, I want to road for
39tii Cong. 1st Sess.—No..226.
the _ benefit of this House in relation to this
subject of salt from t4e report of the superin-
tendent of the Syracuse salt-works, which fur-
nish more than two thirds of the salt manufac-
tured in this country. I want the committee
to listen to that report and say whether they
put it upon the ground that foreign salt has
interfered with them as a reason why they want
protection or claim they ought tcS have any
protection. This is a report published a year
ago, and signed by the superintendent of the
salt-works, a gentleman whom I saw around
this House and the Committee of Ways and
Means for two months during this session.
This is what he says, speaking of the increase
in the manufacture of salt:
* "Still the rate of increase is not commensurate with
the anticipations of former periods, or with the in-
crease of population in the country. This is doubt-
less to be attributed largely to the competition met
with in the markets of the West, from the salt man-
ufactured in Michigan, where extensive manufac-
tures have sprang into existence within three years.
The quantity of Onondaga salt received at Chicago
last year was about three hundred and thirty-two
thousand barrels, while that of Michigan was three
hundred and forty-four thousand. Thus Onondaga
salt has been replaced by Michigan to the extent of
one million seven hundred thousand bushels in one
lake port alone, to •which is to be added what the
Michigan manufacturers have supplied to Cleveland,
Toledo, and Detroit, large entrepots for salt."
* ^ X tl: $ %
"But while anticipations of a largo extension of
the manufacture have been disappointed, it is well
to reflect that the money value of the products of the
salt-works have been greatly augmented. A busi-
ness that but a few years ago was comprised within
the compass of a million and a half of dollars, has
grown to one of four or fivo millions."
That does not look very much as though
these companies were getting poor. Now, I
wish to call the attention of the House to another
fact which shows beyond a peradventure that
this pretense that the salt interest is suffering,
in order to saddle upon the people of this coun-
try sixty-six cents a barrel, is merely for the pur-
pose of putting the money into their own pock-
ets. In 1860 there were only four thousand bar-
rels of salt made at Saginaw. The amount has
increased gradually until 1885, when, instead
of the salt-works being shut up, as the gentle-
man says, the inspector returns eight hundred
and nineteen thousand barrels of salt at Sagi-
naw; and that is the only competition which
the Syracuse salt-works have.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the pending amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. I withdraw it.
Mr. T-fELLEY. I renew the amendment of
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Davis] in
order to say a word or two in explanation of
what appear to be facts stated by the gentle-
man who has just taken his seat, [Mr. Hum-
phrey.] Nothing better demonstrates the im-
portance of protection as protection than the
very facts he has disclosed here.
As I have had occasion to say before since
this bill came under discussion, our manufac-
tures and arts have been living independent of
all question of tariff whether it be protective
or free trade. The difference between gold and
currency, and the fact that duties were paid in
gold, has been the protection, and under that
protection the salt interest of Michigan made
the marvelous progress that the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Hcmfiihey] has indicated.
But when our currency came to be within
twenty-five or thirty cents of gold, the salt fac-
tories of the Northwest closed with the iron fac-
tories of Pennsylvania and the woolen and cot-
ton factories of the country. Give us now a
tariff, not that shall he protective, in any gen-
erous' sense, but that shall countervail the in-
fluence of the internal revenue taxes imposed
on our industry by the war, and we will soon
produce salt enough to supply the country.
It is not hoped that either West Virginia or
Michigan will supply Now England. The rates
fixed in the bill—and those are tho rates which
I hope the House will adhere to, for the com-
mittee seems to have given that subject con-
sideration—the rates fixed in the bill will admit
quite as much salt into New England and into
all our coast ports, in proportion to any'en-
larged demand that maj grow, as the existing
rates will. The only difference will be that the
Government will derive something more of
revenue; and with a generous western market,
and with the border States restored, and the
coal and iron regions of West Virginia and
southern Ohio in full blast, Michigan, New
York, and West Virginia will give us as good
salt as we have ever had, and cheaper than the
xlmerican people have heretofore been accus-
tomed to.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELLEY. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the commit-
tee rise in order to terminate debaie upon the
subject of salt.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I hope this will be dis-
cussed more fully.
Mr. MORRILL. I will allow ten or fifteen
minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
So the cpmmittee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Scofield re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
under consideration bill of the House No. 718,
to provide increased revenue from imports, and
for other purposes, and had come to no resolu-
tion thereon.
close of debate.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that all debate in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the subject of salt shall close in
fifteen minutes after the committee resumes
the consideration of the same.
Mr. ANCONA. I move to amend by insert-
ing "ten minutes."
Mr. ALLEY. I move to amend the amend-
ment by making it "fifteen."
The amendment was agreed to; and the
motion, as amended, was agreed to.
tariff bill again'.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the rules be
suspended and the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the spccial order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
ScofieXjD in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the special order, being bill of
the House No. 718, to provide increased rev-
enue from imports, and for other purposes.
Mr. DELANO. Mr. Chairman, I have been
struck with the appropriateness of some of the
observations which have fallen from the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ivelley] in refer-
ence to the subject now under consideration. I
happen to know, because some of my constit-
uents are interested in the subject now before
the committee, that during the early part of
the war the salt interest, by reason of the price
of gold, was so protected that it flourished in
the'district that he has alluded to, the portion
of the Kanawha valley that lies in Ohio ; and
I happen to know, also, that during the last
year that interest has not been sustained, and
the manufacture of salt lias in a great measure
diminished. Now, what are we about to do?
How are we proceeding in the business of pro-
tection? What are the principles that are to
guide us? I am not one of those who favor a
tariff for prohibition nor a tariff for protection
merely. Necessity forces upon us a tariff for
revenue,' and duty requires that it should be so
adjusted as to afford proper, reasonable, and
as equal protection as we can arrive at.
When the interests of New England are pre-
sented to us, and we arc told that those interests
will be stricken down without a duty that fur-
nishes protection, we tax the consumers of
New England goods to the extent we consider
our duty. We have voted protection to those
who make books. We have levied a tax upon
intelligence. We have done it upon the prin-
ciple that tha. necessities of revenue require us
to impose a tariff, and that, therefore, we should
impose it with reference to judicious protection-.
Now, this great interest of salt is not one that •
