1866;
THE. CQMG-RESSIOIi'AL; GkOBEs.;
by-appropriate; legislation, the article declar-
ing that '' neither slavery nor involuntary servi-
tude, except as a punishment for crime whereof
the party shall have been duly convicted, shall
exist within the United States,' or any place
subject to their jurisdiction." It cannot, how-
ever, be justly claimed that, with a view to the
enforcement of this article of the Constitution,
there is at present any necessity for the exer-
cise of all the powers which this bill confers.
Slavery has been abolished, and at present
nowhere exists within the jurisdiction of the
United States; nor has there been, nor is it
likely there will be, any attempt to revive it by
the people of the States. If, however, any such
attempt shall be made, it will then become the
duty of the General Government to exercise
any and all incidental powers necessary and
proper to maintain inviolate this great consti-
tutional law of freedom.
The fourth section of the mii provides that
officers and agents of the Froedmen's Bureau
shall be empowered to make arrests, and also
that other officers may be specially commis-
sioned for that purpose by the President of
the United States. It also authorizes circuit
courts of the United States and the superior
courts of the Territories to appoint, without
limitation, commissioners, who are to be
charged with the performance of quasi judicial
duties. The fifth section empowers the com-
missioners so to be selected by the courts to
appoint in writing, under their hands, one or
more suitable persons, from time to time, to
execute warrants and other processes described
by the bill. These numerous official agents are
made te constitute a sort of police, in addition
to the military, and are authorized to summon
a posse comitates, and even to call to their aid
sneli portion of the land and naval forces of
the United States, or of the militia. " as may-
be necessary to the performance of the duty
with which they are charged."
This extraordinary power is to be conferred
upon agents irresponsible to the Government
and to the people, to whose number the dis-
cretion of the commissioners is the only limit,
and in whose hands such authority might be
made a terrible engine of wrong, oppression,
and fraud. The general statutes regulating the
land and naval forces of the United States, the
militia, and the execution of the laws, are be-
lieved to be adequate for every emergency which
can occur in time of peace. If it should prove
otherwise, Congress can at any time amend
those laws in such manner as, while subserving
the public welfaie, not to jeopard the rights,
interests, and liberties of the people.
The seventh section provides that a fee of
ten dollars shall be paid to each commissioner
in every case brought before him, and a fee of
five dollars to his deputy, or deputies, '' for
each person he or they may arrest and take
before any such commissioner," "with such
other fees as may be deemed reasonable by
such commissioner," " in general for perform-
ing such other duties as may bo required in the
premises." All these fees are to be "paid out
of the Treasury of the United States," whether
there is a conviction or not; but in case of con-
viction they are to be recoverable from the de-
fendant. It seems to me that under the influ-
ence of such temptations bad men might convert
any law, however beneficent, into an instru-
ment of persecution and fraud.
By the eighth section of the bill, the United
States courts, which sit only in one place for
white citizens, must migrate, with the marshal
and district attorney, (and necessarily with the
clerk, although he is not mentioned) to any
part of the district, upon the order of the Presi-
dent, and there hold a court "for the purpose
of the more speedy arrest and trial of persons
charged with a violation of this actand there
(he judge and the officers of the court must
remain, upon the order of the President, " i'or
the time therein designated."
The ninth section authorizes the President,
or such person as he may empower for thai
purpose, "to employ such part of the land and
naval forces of the United States, or of the
39th Cong. 1st Sess. --No. lOfi.
militia, as shall be necessary to prevent the vio-
lation and enforce the due execution of this
act." This language seems to imply a perma-
nent military force, that is to be always at hand,
and whose only business is to be the enforce-
ment of this measure over the vast region where
it is intended to operate.
I do not propose to consider the policy of
this bill. To me the details of the bill seem
fraught with evil. The white race and the
black race of the South have, hitherto lived
together under the relation of master and slave"
—capital owning labor. Now, suddenly, -that
relation is changed, and as to the ownership,
capital and labor are divorced. They stand
now each master of itself. In this new rela-
tion, one being necessary to the other, there
will be a new adjustment, which both are deeply
interested in making harmonious. Each has
equal power in settling the terms, and if left to
the laws that regulate capital and labor, it is
confidently believed tliat they will satisfactorily
work out the problem. Capital, it is true, has
more intelligence ; but labor is never so igno-
rant as not to understand its own interests, not
to know its own value, and not to see that cap-
ital must pay that value. This bill frustrates
this adjustment. It intervenes between "capi-
tal and labor, and attempts to settle questions
of political economy through the agency of
numerous officials, whose interest it will be to
foment discord between the two races ; for as
the breach widens their employment will con-
tinue, and when it is closed their occupation
will terminate.
In all our history, in all our experience as a
people living under Federal and State law, no
such system as that contemplated by the de-
tails of this bill has ever before been proposed
or adopted. They establish, for the security
of the colored race, safeguards which go infi-
nitely beyond any that the General Government
has ever provided for the white race. In fact,
the distinction of race and color is, by the bill,
made to operate in favor of the colored aad
against the white race. They interfere with
the municipal legislation of the States, with the
relations existing exclusively between a State
and its citizens, or between inhabitants of the
same State—an absorption and assumption of
power by the General Government which, if
acquiesced in, must sap and destroy our.fed-
erative system of limited powers, and break
down the barriers which preserve the rights of
the States. It is another step, or rather stride,
toward centralization and the concentration
of all legislative power in the national Govern-
ment. The tendency of the bill must be to
resuscitate the spirit of rebellion, and to arrest
the progress of those influences which are more
closcly drawing around the States the bonds of
union aud peace.
My lamented predecessor, in his proclama-
tion of the 1st of January, 18G3, ordered and
declared that all persons held as slaves within
certain States and parts of States therein desig-
nated, were and thenceforward should be free,
and, further, that the Executive Government
of the United States, including the military and
naval authorities thereof, would recognize and
maintain the freedom of such persons. This
guarantee has been rendered especially oblig-
atory and sacred by the amendment of the Con-
stitution abolishing slavery throughout the Uni-
ted States. I therefore fully recognize the ob-
ligation to protect and defend that class of our
people, whenever and wherever it shall become
necessary, and to the full extent compatible
with the Constitution of the United States.
Entertaining these sentiments, it only re-
mains for me to say, that I will cheerfully co-
operate with Congress in any measure that may
be necessary for the protection of the civil rights
of the freeilmen, as well as those of all other
classes of persons throughout the United States,
by judicial process under equal and impartial
laws, in conformity with the provisions of the
Federal Constitution.
I now return the bill to the Senate, and re-
gret that in considering the bills aud joint res-
olutions—forty-two in number—which have
been t'hus fa^Sflbp^tted.ler IW.Mgpxoy^I,
compelled' to pithhojd' iny
measure that'lias received O-Owip,
Houses of Congress.' , '
ANDREW JOBrtftOETv
Washington, D. C., March 27, , {
Mr. COWAN. I move-that the-Senate
adjourn-. - -t
Several SeSatobs. Let-ushave thte message
printed. • '.
Mr. COWAN* Iwithdraw the motion to' ad-
journ ; and I.move that the message be printed
for the use of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COWAN. I now renew the motion to
adjourn. P'No!" "No!"]' '
Mr. SAULSBURY called for the y.eas and
nays, and- they were ordered, and being taken,
resulted—yeas 14, nays.28; as follows?
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cowan, Davis, Doo-
tittle, Guthrie, Hcndricks, Johnson, MoDougall, Mor~
prnn, Nesmith, Norton, KidcLk), Saulsbury, and Van
Winkle—14. ' ^
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony,Brown, Chandler, Clark,
Conness, Cragin, Cr<,.swell, ®ess,eod'<sn,/Foster,-^ar-
ris, Henderson, Howard, If owe, Lane of Indiana,
Lano of Kansas, Nye, Poland, Pbmeroyj Kamsey,
Spraguo, Stewart, Bumnor, Trumbull, W ado, Vf ill«y,
Williams, AVilson, and Yates—28, • -
ABSENT —Messrs. Dixon, I-oot, Grimes, Kirk-
wood, Morrill', Sherman, and Wright—'7. -
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr, TRUMBULL. I move that the eonsid-
eration'of this subject be postponed until to-
morrow at one o'clock. I do not know but
that it will come up at that hour at any rate
■without a motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Cr.utK
in the chair.) It would, in the,opinion of the
Chair, if the. Senate adjourned without any
order being made. It is before the Senate at
the present.time.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is it now in order to re-
new the motion to adjourn? Has any business
intervened ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I design to make some
remarks upon this veto, and will either make
them to-night or to-morrow, as may suit the
convenience of the Senate. I have only list-
ened to the reading of the message. We shall
have it before us in print to-morrow. I am
willing to consult the convenience of tli" Sen-
ate and either Submit the observations I design
to make to-night or to-morrow, as shall seem
best to tliem.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, March 27, 1800.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Uoyxtox.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
committhu ON aill-une railroad.
Mr. GRTNNELL. I rise to a privileged
question. I ask to bo excused from further
service on the select committee on the railroad
from Washington to Nc^j-York city.
Mr. ANCONA. Is if, in order to ask on
which side of the question the gentleman is?
Mr. G1UNNELL. I am on the right side.-
The SPEA KEli. The gentleman has a right
to ask to be excused.
The request was accordingly granted.
The SPEAKER subsequently appointed Mr.
Sloax to fill the vacancy.
STEAM AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I have had a bill in
my charge for some four weeks past which I
have been instructed by the Committee of Ways
and Means, unanimously, to report to the
House, and ask that it be considered at the
present time. Now, 1 ask leave, in order not
to infringe upon the morning hour, to report
the bill at this time.
No-Qbjection was made, and the bill was re-
ceived. It was a bill for the admission, free of
