202
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 5.
Ho. oj? Reps.
Reconstruction—Increase of Duties on Wool—Mr. Lawrence. 39th Cong—1st Sess.
acting Governor, influenced by the pressure of
circumstances, issued a proclamation calling
together the Legislative Assembly. I am not
now prepared to say that this proclamation
was in all respects in conformity with law,
though I must confess, that composed as the
Legislative Assembly is of the best legal talent
of the Territory, the necessity for the conven-
ing and action of this body must indeed have
been great. But the committee has placed
before us no evidence of the illegality of this
election and those elected to pass such laws
as were necessary to the well-being of the
people of Montana. If evidence of this nature
does exist, the committee did not see fit to
inform us of its existence. While I was led
to believe that the bill, as originally draffce«J,
would be offered without any serious altera-
tions or additions, I will surely be permitted
to express some astonishment at its being
reported to the House in its present form.
I am aware of the fact that the wishes and
feelings of Delegates are not often consulted
here; but as in this case, when a blow is struck
at the best interests of my Territory, declaring
their laws null and void, and denying our legis-
lators the right of remuneration for their ser-
vices, I suggest that before all this had been
done, a sense of propriety and justice, both,
would have demanded that I should have been
consulted in the premises. All who take any
interest in Montana affairs must be aware of
the great necessity for immediate and wise
legislation.
Heretofore the laws, as claimed by many,
were not of sufficient force or sufficiently car-
ried out to be of any positive benefit in dealing
with crime in the Territory. The consequcnce
of this condition of affairs is that justice, instead
of being administered through the ordinary
channels, has been compelled to give way to
the vigilante system of condemnation and exe-
cution. In our age and country it is a severe
reflection on our people that such a state of
things should exist, and this consideration, with
the imperative necessity that demanded some
wise local legislation concerning mining prop-
erty, rendered it, in my estimation, almost a
necessity on the part of the acting Governor to
issue his proclamation calling together the
Legislative Assembly.
unless evidence is produced of the illegality
of this act, I must conclude that the Legislative
Assembly acted properly and legally in con-
vening under the proclamation, and that the
second section of this bill rendering null and
void their action and depriving them of the
pay their services demand, is entirely unneces-
sary, uncalled for, and an insult to my con-
stituents. So firm am 1 in the belief that a
great majority of the people of Montana favor
the action of this Legislative Assembly, that I
have no doubt they would almost unanimously
elect the same gentlemen under this bill to the
same positions. They know their own interests
and should be the best judges of what is justly
due them. _ Does any positive necessity exist
for this hostile demonstration against the Legis-
lative Assembly of Montana and the people
who elected them to office? I think not.
Gentlemen should have and could have ascer-
tained something concerning the action of this
Legislative Assembly, and if found necessary
for the public good, it could have received the
sanction of law, even did some trivial doubts
exist regarding the validity of the action of the
acting Governor. This is a course that kind-
ness and good will would suggest, and would
prove that some little regard was due to our
interests and feelings. You cannot injure the
feelings of the honorable gentlemen who are
members of that body by refusing to pay them
the miserable pittance allowed by law asa com-
pensation for their services. In Montana it is
hardly sufficient to pay the necessary expenses
of members, as distinguished visitors to that
country would well know did not the hospital-
ity of our people prevent even a reference to
personal expenditure in such cases. The fact,
then, of refusing them the usual legal compen-
sation for their services will not cause such
men much sorrow, when in almost every in-
stance they perform their duties at a pecuniary
sacrifice. Ihe free-hearted people of the Ter-
ritory of Montana will willingly take care of
their legislators; provided, indeed, the same
power tnat smites them through this amended
bill does not exercise any unjust authority by
refusing them the privilege of sustaining their
own members.
I have no doubt, from the experience I have
lately had, of the desire and disposition of cer-
tain parties that even this kind of legislation
would be considered wholesome and judicious
when territorial men would be the sole suffer-
ers. In cases where an election is disputed on
the floor of this House—and we have had a
little of that done this session with wonderful
unanimity—I believe it to be customary to allow
some compensation to the unsuccessful party
to defray the expenses of the contest. Then,
in all fairness, is it right to deny the same privi-
lege to the members and officers of the Legis-
lative Assembly at Montana? But I do not for
a moment conceive that a spirit of kindness
had anything to do with the objectionable feat-
ures of this bill. And I am glad to be able to
state here that all the members of the Com-
mittee on Territories, not being consulted, were
not aware of the changes made in this bill until
it was offered in the House. The spirit in which
this was done does not evince any very great
degree of solicitude for the welfare of our peo-
ple. No doubt Congress has the power to inflict
on.the Territories this quality of legislation ;
but in its exercise I would beg of them to be
carefully considerate of the course they pursue.
Kindness and forbearance in the exercise of
these privileges will be attended with consid-
erations more agreeable to the feelings of gen-
tlemen on this floor, while it will tend in the
Territories to keep alive a feeling of satisfac-
tion and love for our institutions. Harsh
and unjust legislation in connection with our
Territories is as unwise as it is unnecessary.
Living far off, in the West and Northwest, we
feel, after we have suffered in prospecting and
developing the country that is now, and in a
greater degree will continue to be, of so much
importance to the nation, as if we were entitled
to some little consideration at the hands of
Congress.
Notwithstanding the American doctrine that
taxation should go hand in hand with represen-
tation, we are already causing money to flow
into the national Treasury in greater abun-
dance, according to our population, than any
State of the Union. Our representation, in a
practical point of view, is of a very limited
nature, while you manage the taxation in the
Territories on a scale of grandeur and magnifi-
cence heretofore unprecedented. It is hardly
necessary for rae to point to the treatment the
House bestowed on the Delegate from Utah as
a sample of the glorious rights and privileges
we enjoy on the floor of this House. This, too,
was when the Gentile jaws of the virgin State
of Nevada were closing down on a goodly por-
tion of the saintly inheritance—a time of all
others when the Delegate should be allowed a
sufficient length of time to protest against the
dismemberment of his Territory.
I do not hdre pretend to form any conclusion
regarding the justice or injustice of this act,
further than to strenuously object to a little
State eating up a big Territory in the presence
of an admiring House and a gagged Delegate
who was obliged to witness this huge feat of
gastronomy in almost dead silence. The Ter-
ritories were peopled by your constituents from
every State in the Union, and many of them
have wives and children who remain your con-
stituents still. We are also American citizens,
and glory as much in the success and greatness
of the nation as any other citizens of the States
forming this Union. Should you view us in
the light of children, unable to take care of our-
selves, then do not impose too heavy a burden
on our young shoulders ; but if you look upon
us as men we ask at your hands manly treat-
ment.
I speak at least for my own Territory in say-
ing that we are almost unanimous in the belief
that much congressional territorial legislation
will be of no benefit to the General Govern-
ment and very injurious to us. We are willing
to pay our just dues to Government, and we
rejoice that we are enabled to bear a proper
proportion of the heavy burden imposed on the
nation by the late war. If gentlemen would
only take into consideration where we are,
what we are,, and what we must necessarily
become, I believe they would at least try to
prevent this harsh and hasty legislation to our
prejudice. We do claim to know our own
wants, and when it cannot possibly prejudice
the interests of the nation, we would solicit the
privilege of attending to our own affairs in our
own way. The prejudice arising from political
bias should not be allowed to operate against
us while we remain in a territorial capacity.
If we are to be treated as wards in this great
national court of chancery, we would respect-
fully petition the nation to allow us sufficient
of our own funds to live upon until our estates
are settled. With the British Columbia border
almost under our feet and serving as the bound-
ary line of our Territory; with all its rich
placers, and a knowledge of the liberality of
the owners, it might be well for this Congress
to ask itself the question whether such bills of
outlawry might not have the effect of compel-
ling citizens of the United States to seek quiet
homes in the country of an ancient enemy.
Does it not sound strange that a nation against
whom we successfully rebelled through her
oppression should at this day offer in her own
possessions to the descendants of the same
"revolutionary rebels", a home where they
can enjoy more liberty with less taxation than
in their own country? Yet this is the simple
truth. Do not by unwise and oppressive legisla-
tion drive us over the border, while our love of
country would actuate us to stand upon its outer
edge a living wall of strength in the defense
of our land.
Reconstruction—Increase of Duties on
Wool.
SPEECH OP HON. Gk V. LAWRENCE,
of pennsylvania,
In the House of Representatives,
May 5, 1866,
On the subjects of reconstruction and the tariff.
Mr. LA WREN CE, of Pennsylvania. I have
endeavored for some time to obtain the floor,
that I might speak briefly on a question inti-
mately connected with and deeply affecting the
whole district I represent, and especially the
county in which I live and where the people
have so often honored me with their confidence
and support, namely, the necessity there exists
for an increase of duties on foreign wools
which come so largely in competition with the
wool-growing and manufacturing interest of our
whole country. Before I present my views on
that spegjal question, or on the subjcct of the
duty of Congress on the general question of
protection to home industry, I will, I am sure,
be indulged in the expression of a few thoughts
connected with what is denominated the great
question of the hour, and one about which
there has been so much said and written, much
to the purpose, and much more having little or
no bearing on the question—the duty of Con-
gress in attempting to restore the States lately
in rebellion to their proper relations and respon-
sibilities to the General Government', and yet
to guard by appropriate constitutional amend-
ments and legal enactments against the possi-
bility of a recurrence of internal strife or war,
