1682
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
duty, of steam agricultural implements and ma-
chinery for the manufacture of flax and beet
sugar for the period of one year.
The bill was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I call the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the bill be laid
on the table.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I calWor the yeas and
nays on that motion; and upon the yeas and
nays I call for tellers.
Tellers were refused.
The yeas and nays were refused.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Let the bill be read;
it will speak for itself.
Mr. JBNCKES. It has been read, and it
has spoken for itself.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Will the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] allow this
bill to be recommmitted to the Committee of
Ways and Means?
Mr. STEVENS. Inasmuch as it helps the
tariff to let everything come in free, I do not
object to its being recommitted.
Mr. McKEE. I object to that.
The motion to lay the bill on fhe table was
agreed to.
Mr. STEVENSmoved to rccssider the vote
by which the bill was laid or ^e table; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
american submarine telegraph.
Mr. SPALDING, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to grant certain privileges to
the American Submarine Telegraph Company ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
OKDEU OF BUSINESS.
Mr. WASIIIiURNE, of Illinois. I call for
the regular order.
The SPEAKER.. The first business in or-
der is the consideration of reports from the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
siui'-ca.nai -michigan.
Mr. BIO A MAN, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill granting certain lands to the
Slate of Michigan, to aid in the construction of
a ship-canal to eunneet the waters of Lake Su-
perior vitli the lake known as Lac La Belle in
said Slate, which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
IUVKK RAISIN- Smi'-CAN'Ab.
Mr. BEAMAN, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was"
read, considered, and agreed to:
ItMnlml, That tho Committee on Commcrco be in-
structed to inquire into theexpcdicncy of constructing
a ship-cmud 1'iom the mouth of the river Kaisin to tlie.
Pt. Joseph nver. 111 the Stale of Michigan, and that
the mid committee also consider the propriety of an
appropriation lor a survey for such ship-eanal.
TAXINIi NATIONAL llAN'K STOCK.
Mr. BLAINE, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
llcvitvrd, Tlmt the Committee on Banking and
Currency be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of making tho stock in national banks taxable in the
city or town where tho holder thereof has his legal
residence.
Mr. BLAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ocean steam lines.
Mr. KASSOX, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
ll 8olc-e>h That tlie Committee on Commerce con-
sider and report, by hit! or otherwise, ™-hcfhcr Oon-
Ki'cg^may, without eonliiet with the pvovr-'ions ot any
existing treaty, discriminate by appropriate legisla-
tion inrespect to duties or charges upon the rfhip or
cargo, in behalf of steam vessels bearing tho flag of
the United States, running without public subsidy
between ports of the United_ States and foreign ports,
and against foreign steam linesrunmng with the aid
of a public subsidy in competition with them.
changing this names op vessels.
Mr. RAYMOND, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to authorize the Secretary of
the Treasury to change the names of certain
vessels; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
labceny, etc., in district of columbia.
Mr. INGERSOLL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill defining and providing for the
punishment of grand an£ petit larceny, and the
employment of prisoners in jail in the District
of Columbia ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee for
the District of Columbia.
benjamin homiday.
Mr. WINDOM reported back from the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs a joint resolution to
refer the petition of Benjamin Holliday to the
Court of Claims, with a recommendation that
it pass.
Thte joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. WINDOM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
Tho latter motion was agreed to.
winnebago indians.
Mr. WINDOM reported back from the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs a bill (H. R. No. 410)
for the benefit of certain half-breeds and mixed
bloods of tho Winnebago tribe of Indians, witli
a recommendation that it pass.
Tho bill was read in extenso.
It proposes to authorize the President of the
United States to exempt from the operations
of the act of Congress approved February "21,
1803, entitled "An act for tho removal of the
Winnebago Indians and for the sale of their
reservation in Minnesota for their benefit,"
such half-breeds and mixed bloods of the Win-
nebago tribe of Indians as arc in his opinion
sufficiently advanced in civilization, and have
abandoned or may abandon their tribal rela-
tions, and permit them to return and occupy
the several tracts of land that have been al-
lotted to them respectively under the provis-
ions of the first article of a treaty made and
concluded at the city of Washington, April 15,
1859, between the United States and the Win-
nebago tribe of Indians; and that said lialf-
breeds and mixed bloods be permitted to hold
said tracts in severalty, for which patents shall
be issued to them in fee-simple, and they shall
be subject to taxation as other lands from and
after the date of the patent.
Mr. WINDOM. 'This bill simply provides
for issuing patents to some fifteen or twenty
half-breeds of the Winnebago nation who, un-
der the treaty of 1859, had their lands assigned
to them in severally. Those lands are upon
the old Winnebago reservation in Minnesota.
Those Indians have adopted the habits of civ-
ilization ; they are voters in our State ; and it
is desired by them, as well as by the people of
the county and of the State, that those lands
shall be patented and become subjeef to taxa-
tion, and that the Indians may have the right
to control them. The committee are \mani-
mous in favor of the bill.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. WlNDOMmovedto reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsidcr be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
miami indians 01? ikdiana.
Mr. WINDOM. I am instructed by the
CorSmittee on Indian Affairs to submit a
report in answer to a resolution instructing
that committee to inquire who constitute the
Miami tribe of Indians of Indiana.
The report, which was read, states that the
committee, after a careful investigation of the
facts of the law appertaining thereto, are satis-
fied that no further legislation is necessary on
the subject. The committee are of opinioa
that the tribe of Miami Indians of Indiana con-
sist of the persons named on the list or pay-
roll as added to by the Secretary of the in-
terior under the act of June 12, 1858. The
committee, in confirmation of their views,
append to their report the opinion of the
Attorney General of the United States, dated
October 26, 1865.
The report was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
winnebago indians.
Mr. WINDOM, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, reported back Senate bill No.
1:21, to provide for the enlargement of the
Winnebago reservation in the Territory of
Nebraska, and for other purposes, with the
recommendation that it do pass.
The bill was read.
Mr. STEVENS. That bill contains an ap-
propriation, and must, under the rules, have
its first consideration in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The bill does contain an
appropriation, and must, under tho rules, be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, objection being made to its
consideration in the House.
Mr. WINDOM. I move, then, that the bill
be referred to the Committee of the Whole oa
the state of the Union, and ordered to be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
wyandotte indiani?.
Mr. ROSS, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of the
Wyandotte tribe of Indians; which was read
a first and second time.
The bill was read in extenso.
Mr. STEVENS. The bill contains an ap-
propriation, and must, under the rules, have
its first consideration in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. ROSS. I should prefer to have the bill
recommitted to the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, and ordered to be printed. _ But I do not
understand this is such a bill as is required by
the rules to have its first consideration in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, as it only provides for carrying out
treaty stipulations. I think the .bill ought to
be considered now.
The SPEAKER. The motion to recommit
is in order. If the bill makes a new appropri-
ation, it must be referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union. If it is
out of an appropriation already made in an
appropriation bill, then it does not go to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. ROSS. The appropriation has already
been provided for by treaty.
Mr. STEVENS. It not only makes an ap-
propriation, but it changes existing law.
Mr. ROSS. 1 move that the bill be recom-
mitted and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WA SHBURNE, of Illinois. That will
accomplish nothing, as the bill will have to go
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union after it is reported back.
The SPEAKER. It does contain a direct
appropriation.
Mr. ROSS. I withdraw my motion to re-
commit, and move that the bill be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
damages by sioux indians.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa, from the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, reported back House
bill No. 305, for the relief of persons for dam-
ages sustained by reason of depredations anj!
