618
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
pensions as is allowed, by law to persons in the
military service who have suffered similar losses;
and also that the provisions of section five of
the pension law of July 4, 1864, shall apply to
persoiis in the naval service.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky; The term
"military" in the former law was construed
not to include persons in the naval service of
the United States. The design of this sub-
stitute is to equalize the pension law.
Mr. BICE, of Massachusetts. The Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs have had referred to
them a Senate bill which I think covers the
same ground as this, and which they will report
whenever an opportunity presents itself. If it
is in order, I will report that bill from that
committee at this time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Do I un-
derstand the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Rice] to say that the Senate bill is pre-
cisely like the one reported from the Committee
on Invalid Pensions?
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. It is not pre-
cisely the same, but it is intended to effect the
sa ne object.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I
would suggest to the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Harding] that he accept the
Senate bill as a substitute for his.
Mr. HARDING-, of Kentucky. I will hear
the bill read first.
The Senate bill (No. 24) to amend section
five of an act entitled "An act supplementary
to an act entitled 'An act to grant pensions,'
approved July 4, 18G4," was then read.
It provides that the section referred to shall
be amended so as to allow persons in the mili-
tary or liaval service of the United States, who
have lost both feet in the line of their duty, a
pension of twenty dollars per month ; and those
who, under like conditions, have lost both hands
or both eyes, a pension of twenty-five dollars
per month.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That Senate bill does not
cover the entire ground covered by the bill
reported by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Harding.] There is another law discriminat-
ing between those who have lost limbs in the
military service, which does not apply to per-
sons in the naval service. It, is a law passed
subsequently to the aet of July 4, 1804, and
provides for those who have lost one foot and
one hand in the military service. The bill re-
ported by the Committee on Invalid Pensions
refers to that class of eases, extending pensions
to tlie naval service.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. Then I prefer
the, other.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour is just
about, to expire. If this discussion continues
the bill will go over.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I call the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; which was upon agree-
ing to the substitute reported by the committee.
The substitute was agreed to.
The bill as amended was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, ami passed.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reeonsidcr
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour having
expired, the business now in order is the con-
sideration of the bill (S. No. GO) to enlarge the
powers of the Preedmen's Bureau, on which the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerb] is entitled
to the tloor.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I appeal to
the gentleman from Indiana to yield to me for
a moment, that I may report and have passed
a bill for the relief of an aged lady.
Mr. KEltll. I cheerfully yield to the gen-
tleman for that purpose.
cat1iarinb mock.
Mr. llARDING, of Kentucky, byuuanimous
consent, reported from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions a bill for the relief of Catharine
Mock; which was read a first and second time.
It provides for the payment of a pension of
eight dollars per month to Catharine Mock, of
Baltimore, widow of William H. Mock.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. LAFLIN. I ask the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Kerr] to yield to me for a mo-
ment that I may report a resolution from the
Committee on Printing.
Mr. KERR. I yield to the gentleman.
BEPOBT OF REVENUE COMMISSION.
Mr. LAFLIN, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on Printing the
following resolution; which was read, consid-
ered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That twenty thousand extra copies of tho
communication from the Secretary of tho Treasury,
with the accompanying repoi t of the commission ap-
pointed to make a revision of the revenue laws, pur-
suant to the act of March 3,1865, be prnted for the
use of tho members of this House, without covers,
excluding forms of bills.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider'be laid on
the table.
Tho latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. ROLLINS. I ask the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Kerr] to yield to me for a mo-
ment, that, I may make a report.
Mr. KERR. I yield to the gentleman.
MESSENGERS FOR HOUSE POST Oi'i'iCE.
Mr. ROLLINS, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from tho Committee of Accounts
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Reunited, ThatthcPostmasterof the House of Rep-
resentatives be allowed two additional messengorsfor
tho term of two months, to be paid out of the con tin-
Kent fund of the House, at tho rate of seventy-live
dollars per month.
Mr. ROLLINS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
A. OUTIIRIE AND K. L. B. CLARKE.
Mr. DAWES. With the consent of the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr,] I move to
reconsider the vote by which the House, a few
moments ago, referred to the Committee of
Elections tho petition of 11. L. B. Clarke. I
also move to reconsider the vote by which the
hill for the relief of Abelard Guthrie was re-
ferred to the same committee. I desire that
both motions shall be entered. I think that, the
House, in referring those two matters to that
committee, must have acted under a misappre-
hension.
ereedmen's bubeau.
The House, agreeably to order, resumed tho
consideration of the bill (S. No. GO) to enlarge
the powers of the Freedmen's Bureau, on which
Mr. Kerr was entitled to the floor.
The SPEAKER. Before tliegentlcman from
Indiana proceeds, tho Chair desires to make a
statement. By order of the House, to-morrow
will be devoted exclusively to speeches upon this
bill, no vote to bo taken. The Speaker will be
compelled to be absent to-morrow, the last day
on which he purposes to be absent dining the
session. He has requested the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Wasiiisdrxe] to act as Speaker
pro tempore.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, it is surely safe
to assume that our country has known no hour,
since the organization and establishment of our
matchless form of Government, when its cir-
cumstances demanded in its Representatives a
higher order of statesmanship, or a more un-
selfish devotion to those great principles of our
system which stand like beacon-lights against
dangerous boundaries, inviting the embarrassed
mariner to safer paths. Desiring to keep these
lights in view, and confessing with sincere ear-
nestness my lack of both ability and experience,
I beg leave to submit a few reflections upon
some of the solemn questions that demand ap-
propriate action at our hands. And I shall
endeavor to do' this in a spirit unshaded by the
impulses of partisan feelings.
The true relations of the several States to the
Union have always presented problems of great
interest and considerable difficulty for determi-
nation by one or another of the departments of
the Government. But now for the first time
we are compelled to confront questions result-
ing from the temporary suspension of the con-
stitutional relations between the United States
and some of the States. This suspension was
the result of a state of war between the legiti-
mate Government and the States that attempted
to secede therefrom. It, is conceded by most
men, and is declared by the highest judicial
tribunal in the Union, that during that state
of war the respective parties to it sustained to
each other the relations of belligerents. At the
threshold, therefore, it becomes material to in-
quire what is meant by a state of belligerency.
In its primary signification, it means a state of
war. it implies an issue, asserted on the one
side and denied on the other, and submitted
for decision to the solemn arbitrament of arms.
The recognition of the existence of war, the
tacit or express admission of belligerent rights
by the legitimate Government, concedes noth-
ing inconsistent with its claim of sovereignty
over the revolted people and territory. It does
not even concede the existence of )  Govern-
ment de facto. But if it did, it would not at
all impair the force of my argument, because
the very term de facto implies a spurious Gov-
ernment, without rightful existence, as contra-
distinguished from a Government de jure, of
right, or having rightful existence.
It simply admits tho verity of existing facts;
and thereupon certain well-established princi-
ples of international law and the laws of war
become operative between the contestants, to
limit their rights and powers pending the strife,
and regulate the manner of conducting the
bloody arbitration. It involves no admission
of separate nationality or independence to the
revolted States. On the contrary, it is the most
solemn denial of all such claims. Nationality or
independence is tho very issue to be tried, and
for the rightful Government to admit it would
be worse than absurd, and suicidal. These
belligerent rights are recognized of necessity in
the interest ot civilization and humanity. War
without them would be such a mode of mutual
destruction and carnage as has not disgraced any
civilized nation for many centuries. War is that
abnormal, convulsive condition of society, the
culmination of human passions, which snatches
the scepter from the hand of civil power, and
substitutes for a time the laws of force for thoso
of reason and choice. But, in the wise provi-
dence of God, the desire of self-preservation
ultimately subordinates to itself the impulse for
mutual destruction, and war becomes a tem-
porary condition ; and all its usages, rules, and
laws, arelikewisetemporary. By Governments,
maintainedfortheaggrandizement of the rulers,
war may be prosecuted to destroy, and con-
quest and indiscriminate confiscation or appro-
priation of property may be the results. But in
Governments based upon the will of the people,
and administered in the interest of republican
liberty, war is prosecuted by the legitimate Gov-
ernment, not to destioy nor for conquest, but
to protect and preserve; not to deny, but to
maintain and support the right of self-govern-
ment ; not to consolidate or centralize power,
but to maintain and enforce the law ; not, to
take the lives of States, but to preserve them,
''' with all the dignity, equality, and rights of th8
several States unimpaired." These principles
have always been avowed and never repudiated
by the organs of our Government during the late
war. They arc also approved and promulgated
by the most respectable writers on such subjects.
