1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
264S
Mr. TRUMBULL. I apprehend that the
general class of this business that is spoken of
would never go to the Attorney General's office,
and therefore the objection does not obtain
which the Senator from Maine makes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Who is to do it?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let it be done just as
it was always done before 1800. This was a
great Government before that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I know it was; but
then we did not have these claims.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Department did
not have this Solicitor then. We had a war in
1812; we had a Mexican war; and we have
been able to conduct the Government without
having an Attorney General in each of the De-
partments of the Government, for that is what
this proposition amounts to. The objection to
it is the diversity it leads to in the construction
of law; the same opinions do not obtain in the
different Departments of the Government. I
think it would be much better for the public
service that there should be one officer to put
the construction upon a statute which is to gov-
ern all the Departments of the Government.
It is a matter of public interest, as I conceive,
and best for the public service. I have sug-
gested it to the Senate. The Senate v/ill do
with it what it thinks proper. I think the prac-
tice of establishing these Solicitors in the dif-
ferent Departments is a very bad one. If the
Senate think differently, they will retain this
section. That is all there is of it. I have dis-
charged my duty with respect to it.
' Mr. FESSENDEN. Let me ask the Sena-
tor another question. In the Internal Revenue
Bureau there arc a largo number of questions
arising every day. They have an officer there
—he is not called a Solicitor—to whom those
questions are referred and to whom a salary is
paid—I do not know how much—under thngen-
eral authority giving additional compensation,
where it is absolutely necessary, to certain offi-
cers, more than the amount allowed by law; I
believe lie gets $2,500. Does the Senator sup-
pose that all the questions of law arising there,
which come np every day, can be settled at the
Attorney General's office?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Of course not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then you must have a
Solicitor of that bureau—it is absolutely ne-
cessary ; or you must have a man, no matter
what you call him—you may call liirn a clerk,
if you please—but an able lawyer, a man who
can take up the questions and examine and
settle them ; unless you mean to dcclare that,
in addition to all the immense business ho has
to do, the head of that bureau must settle all
these questions and examine them for himself.
This has got to ho a very great concern of late
years, and you cannot take questions that arise
in the bureaus of the Departments appropriate
to them, and.send them out of the Departments
to be settled.
_ Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue is appointed for the
very purpose of executing the internal revenue
law. Most of it is matter of detail. It is not
upon every section of the law that there will
be a controversy. He establishes rules and
regulations to carry the law into effect. Occa-
sionally some questions of doubt in the con-
struction of a statute may arise, on which it
would be very proper for him, probably, to
take the opinion of the head of the Department,
the Secretary of the Treasury, and through him
of the Attorney General. I believe the bureaus
do not apply directly to the Attorney General's
office. I am not quite sure what the practice
of that is ; but I suppose the application for the
opinion comes from the h'ead of the Depart-
ment. But most of these questions are settled
by the heads of the bureaus. It is not to be
presumed that there is to be a controversy about
every section of a statute or the execution of it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does the Senator 1 enow
that within the first two years of the establish-
ment of that bureau there were legal questions
of constrpction settled which were published in
a volume of about four or five hundred pages?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Undoubtedly; and a
great deal of that there was no controversy
about in the world. Very few of its points
were controverted points. Some construction
was to be put upon the statute and the mode
of executing it, and the Commissioner at that
time had to inaugurate the system.
But I have said all 1 desire to say about this
matter, and detained the Senate longer than I
had any intention of doing in reference to it.
I regard it as a matter of general importance
in the administration of the Government affairs
to preserve uniformity of decision, and har-
mony in the Government, and between the
different Departments of the Government. I
have thought it better that we should not cre-
ate these law officers of the different Depart-
ments. I believe the Senate understand it. I
shall be satisfied with whatever decision they
make. My motion is to strike out this section,
with a view, if it is strickcn out, of increasing
the force in the Attorney General's office suf-
ficiently to discharge what I suppose would bo
the proper duty to be discharged by the Law
Office.
Mr. S UMNEU. I will only make one remark.
It seems to me the Senator from. Illinois
strangely forgets the change in the condition
of things. He asks why wo should not go on
now as wo have for the previous sixty years.
There is a very sufficient answer: the machin-
ery of the previous sixty years is not adequate
to the work which wo have to do now. In some
places you arc obliged to changc the machin-
ery ; in other places you are obliged to add to
it. We are told that new occasions teach now
duties, and 1 believe that the great occasion of
our war has taught new duties to the Govern-
ment of this Republic. There is no part of the
Government which can be conducted now and
in times to come as it was conducted before.
A larger machine will be required. New per-
sons must be summoned to the work, and
among those who are to be summoned' to the
work is the officer which the Senator from
Illinois seems so much disposed to oppose.
Mr. JOHNSON. The object of this amend-
ment, as I understand, is to provide a Solicitor
for the State Department. The opinion 1 am
about to express I have entertained ever since
I have bad any knowledge of the actual opera-
tion of the Government.. It is certainly ad-
vantageous to the several Departments of the
Government, as far as the ordinary business of
each Department is concerned, that they should
have some one who would undertake what
might bo considered rather the clerical duty, or
the duty that should belong to the head of the
Department; but since these Solicitors have
been provided for, as is the case in the Treas-
ury Department and in the War Department
and, I believe, in the Navy Department, the
practical result, I think, lifts been that the
Attorney General has very seldom been con-
sulted on any question.
Another result of the failure to consult the
Attorney General lias been that ditferent con-
structions have been placed upon the same
laws, very much, as 1 think, to the injury of the
public service. I had supposed that when an
Assistant Secretary of the Treasiuy was pro-
vided for, and an Assistant Secretary of War—
we have two or Three of them—and an Assist-
ant Secretary of State—and I believe my friend
from Massachusetts proposes to increase the
number, to which certainly I have no objec-
tion—that with the aid of these Assistant Sec-
retaries the business of the offices would lie
properly conducted, and that there could be-
no occasion at all for any extra aid upon ques-
tions of la\v other than that which is to be had
by a reference to the Attorney General's office.
The. honorable member from Illinois is right
in saying that the act of 1789—and there is no
subsequent law, that I am aware of—which
creates the office of Attorney General, makes
it his duty to answer all questions propounded
by the President or by the heads of Depart-
ments. No bureau otficer, no one less than
the head of a Department, has a right to eon-
suit the Attorney General. It is very obvious
that the wholesome operation of the Govern-
ment depends very much upon the uniformity
of the construction which can be given to the
laws. • , m
Now, in relation to the Department of State,
tliehonarablememberfrom Massachusetts, who
from his situation as chairman of tho Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations has become very famil-
iar with the actual condition of the Department,
says there are pressing now upon the Depart-
ment claims made by citizens of foreign coun-
tries and claims which our citizens suppose they
haveupou foreign Governments; but itsecmsto
me that claims of that description, of all others,
are the claims which should be submitted to the
Attorney General—I mean, not the details of
the claims, but the principle upon which those
claims are to be placed. It would never do,
and I do not know that the Secretary of State,
or that the President would consent if tho Sec-
rotary of State was disposed to do it, to make
a claim upon a foreign Government without
taking the advice of the law officer of the Gov-
ernment; but it may be that acting upon the
authority of the Solicitor, and throwing himself
upon that authority, the Secretary might pre-
sent claims against a foreign Government or
might resist claims upon our Government made
by tho subjects of a foreign Government which
ought to bo submitted to the judgment of the
higher officer of tho Government. I do not
mean to say anything of the actual condition of
things as they exist.; but it is to be presumed,
and 1 suppose it is true now. that the Attorney
General of the United States must bo more com-
petent, to advise on all questions of this descrip-
tion than any subordinate legal officer who may
be employed by the Government at a salary of
$;;.0(>0 or !>i,500. So far, therefore, as my
opinion is concerned, I am adverse to the cre-
ation of the office of Solicitor in any of these
Depuitments.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will ask the Senator
to compare the two propositions. The hon-
orable Senator from Illinois admits, in argu-
ment, that the Attorney General cannot do this
business, ho cannot give these opinions, but
it must be done by subordinates, and he says
the subordinate officers to be employed should
bo employed in the ulliccof the Attorney Gen-
eral. Where is the difference? If you have
got to have tho officers and got to pay them,
why send them all to tho Attorney General,
when the questions to be settled are right in
the different Departments? You do not care
to have the Attorney General's opinion except
upon a statement of principle.
Mr. JOHNSON. The honorable member
will permit me to say that [ suppose if these
Solicitors w.cre placed in the office of the At-
torney General, they would be subject to his
control.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Exactly; and there-
fore tho different Departments would lose the
control of their own business. If they have
got fifty claims in the Department of State,
which "the Secretary cannot look at, which
"cases are to be made up and stated, which can
bo done by any good lawyer, if ho can get a
good lawyer, instead of having that work done
in his own office, in his own time, and under
his own eye, he must send it to the Attorney
General for some subordinate in liis office to
do the same thing, who is to be paid tho same
amount. As I said before, the effect is to run
the Departments into each other and create
infinite confusion.
Tho PRESIDENT pro tempore. Th* ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Illi-
nois to strike out the second section of the bill.
Mr. SUMNEU. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted— yeas 18, nays 14: as follfiws:
YEAS — Hp®. Chandler, Clark. Cowan, Dara.
Grirae , Hendricks, Howard, Howe, Johnson, Kirk-
wood, Momil, Kesmitb, laddie, Spraguo, Scowart,
Trumbull, Wilson, and 5 ates-18..
NAYS—Messrs. Buekaicw, Crasm. Bixon, hesaen-
don, Foster, Guthrie, Harris, Lane ot Indiana, lUor-
