1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
203
39th Cong.... 1st Sess. Reconstruction—Increase of Duties on Wool—Mr. Lawrence.
Ho. op Reps.
arising from any local institution or imaginary
cause. And who does not know that the ex-
cuses made and the pretenses given by the South
as a justification of their wicked attempt to
overthrow the Government were frivolous and
imaginary, but were plead as a justification for
their treason ?
The leaders in the South and their north-
ern allies, the copperheads, whose action and
known sympathy with the rebels and with re-
bellion had made them so odious among loyal
men that they hung their heads in shame as
the patriots at the North rebuked them and
defied their treason at the polls, arc much dis-
turbed that we do not make haste to take away
all barriers and take to our counsels and fel-
lowship men whose hands are yet red with the
blood of our murdered brethren, and who have
never even apologized for their crimes or in
any way expiated their guilt. I have myself
been exceedingly anxious on this subject and
had a strong desire to see some of the loyal and
patriotic men who were sent here from Ten-
nessee admitted to seats in this Congress, and
yet I see they themselves do not desire this
recognition of their personal claims at the
expense of the public good. They see and are
most ready to acknowledge the unfortunate con-
dition of things even in that State, and the evi-
dent fact that the return and enfranchisement
of the rebel element would fill their places at
the next election by open and defiant traitors,
and that the removal now of the soldiers from
the seat of government would insure the over-
throw by force of the present State government
and leave Nashville and the State, with the
thousands of Union men and women therein to
be driven out by their merciless persecutors; and
yet, knowing all this and the general demorali-
zation of the whole South, her deep and bitter
prejudices against northern men and northern
institutions, we have presented or are about to
present terms, honorable terms, for their admis-
sion.
What terms did the leaders of the rebellion
expect when they surrendered? Those who
were not included in the surrender expectcd to
suffer the just penalty of their crimes; many
of those in the highest positions succeeded in
escaping from the country, and others, includ-
ing the president of the bogus government,
were arrested in an attempt to steal away
and escape the wrath of an indignant people.
Those men felt how grievously they had sinned;
how their souls were covered with perjury; and
they expected death. Then they would not
have stood about terms. They were humble
and apparently very penitent; they had seen
and felt the power of the North, and were com-
pelled to submit to the majesty of that Gov-
ernment they so wickedly attempted to destroy,
and all they asked was that their lives might
be spared and they be permitted to return to
their homes. How unfortunate was it that at
that time Congress had not been called, when
the legislative and executive authority could
have unitedly devised and adopted such a plan
of reconstruction as would have made the in-
stitutions of the country and the Government
safe for all time from the demon spirit of se-
cession and internal strife; but soon, ah,too
soon, as all now see, did executive clemency,
in granting wholesale pardons and ordering
the return of confiscated estates to the most
notorious rebels, beget a spirit of pride and
defiance of the authority of the Government,
until in a very few months, leading rebels de-
manded places and power, not from the people
alone, but from the President, and many were
appointed to lucrative positions under the rev-
enue and other departments of the Govern-
ment who could not and did not take the test
oath which was prescribed by Congress, and
which even northern men are all required to
take before entering on the duties of offices
assigned them.
Under the reconstruction policy of thePres-
ident which he adopted, (doubtless with an
ardent and commendable desire to restore
order in the southern States,) the majority of
the people, in open defiance of propriety and
their pledges of submission, when opportunity
offered, rejected all loyal Union men (a perse-
cuted and despised class in all the South) and
elevated to the highest positions of honor and
trust the very men who had been leaders in
inducing the rebellion and who had done most
in the field to starve and murder our soldiers.
Now, under such circumstances, do you,expect
we shall stultify ourselvesand render nugatory,
void, useless, all our victories ? Shall we leave
these questions open, the spirit which induced
this carnage and death unrebuked? Shall we
again be put in jeopardy? Have we not spent
enough of treasure ? Look at these thousands
of millions—a sum hardly to be computed; this
mortgage of one fifth of all the estates, real
and personal, in the land to liquidate the debt.
When we are gone and our children come up
to take our places they will have to bear this
burden and carry it from one to another gener-
ation as part of the price of the institutions and
privileges saved to them in this struggle. Shall
we be expected to forget our obligations to the
hundreds of thousands of soldiers who live to
enjoy the benefits and blessings of the institu-
tions they aided to preserve? And sh-all we, can
we, forget that host who, though dead, sleep in
honored graves, and appeal to us from the very
stillness of the tomb to make their sacrifices,
their death, contribute to the peace, the har-
mony, and perpetuity of that for which they so
freely offered their lives? And shall our chil-
dren rise up in after years and curse us for bar-
tering away their birthright, or leaving it in
peril, when it is in our power to secure and
render it perpetual ? And of that host of con-
spirators against the peace, the honor, and the
life of the Government, not one leader has or
will suffer death; and but few have ever been
arrested or in carcerated ; and their treason has
commended them to the people of their own
States, for many of them are elevated to the
highest positions of honor and trust. And it
is demanded we shall at once, without hesita-
tion or delay, without any " indemnity for the
past or security for the future," pronounce
them worthy associates, safe guardians of the
public interests ; let them renew the attempt
to overthrow in the forum what they failed to
destroy in the field!
Does the country not know that the nine
tenths of the Opposition in this Congress would
gladly welcome Jefferson Davis, Breckinridge,
or Hunter back to the Senate of the United
States ? The attachment and sympathy which
was apparent in the copperhead party of the
North for the rebels in arms, the exultation
at rebel victories, and the extreme depression
when the Union armies triumphed, justify the
conclusion they would prefer such for associ-
ates to the loyal men who compose the majority
here, and who stand by the principles and the
country against the treachery of friends or the
menaces of enemies. Why, sir, there is inde-
cent haste manifested to get these unrepent-
ant rebel leaders into Congress, to vote down
appropriations to your pensioners and to de-
stroy your monetary system by repealing your
tax laws and refusing the means to meet your
obligations, and thus threaten your national
honor and national life. There is even now a
small portion of the Democratic party in the
North who whisper repudiation, and intimate
we should break faith with the bond-holders
who lent their means, in the hour when your
credit was tested, on specified conditions. And
I predict that whenever it will become popular
to appeal to the mercenary feelings and the
lowest prejudices of men on this question, (as
it lias now on the question of justice to the col-
ored race,) you will find this party growing bold
and boisterous, and especially so when taxes
are paid with difficulty, and when the merce-
nary feelings can overcome the impulse to duty
and to patriotism. Now, place the leaders of
this rebellion in power, and how soon would
they join in the attempt to repudiate the very
debt they compelled us to assume!
I believe the interests of the whole country-
will be best promoted by an early restoration
of the former relations between all the States,
the reestablishment of commerce and trade
without any restriction. This the people desire
and expect; and whenever they see the proper
spirit manifested, and proper guarantees for
future peace and safety given, they will expect
and demand of us the admission of these States
to all the benefits conferred by representation
and equality; and I believe the constituency I
represent will not expect me to make the exten-
sion of suffrage to the colored race in the South
a condition. Congress having secured to this
unfortunate class, by legislation, security and
equality in civil rights under the law, the ques-
tion of suffrage must be left to the States, and
cannot be extended out of this District by con-
gressional enactments. I refer to this merely
to correct the misrepresentation made by our
opponents in our own State. Their staple and
capital in trade in the coming campaign will
be the old appeal to the low and the ignorant
about negro equality, negro suffrage, which all
intelligent men understand and appreciate.
One would suppose the demagogues who resort
to this despicable means to obtain power would
have learned ere this that we are advancing to
a higher civilization, to a better appreciation
of our duty to man as man, and to a better
knowledge of the plain duty God requires of
us toward this unfortunate race, just emerging
from this long night of gloom. If they are
physically and intellectually our inferiors then
it is our duty to aid to lift them up from their
degradation, remove the obstacles in their way,
and give them fair play in an honest effort to
improve their condition. I pray our Demo-
cratic friends for once to leave the negro out
of the contest, and appeal to reason, and not
to the mercenary interests and low prejudices
of the ignorant or debased. •>
I must return to the question from which I
have been partially diverted. What guaran-
tees should we require? These leaders took
the States out of the Union and voluntarily con-
spired against the Government, and have by
their treason brought all this suffering on the
nation ; and is it too great a punishment to say
they, the leaders in the councils of the confed-
eracy and in the field, many of whom had been
educated at the public expense, should be dis-
franchised and declared ineligible to office?
This might not destroy treason, but it would
make it somewhat " odious." Is it asking too
much of the South to do what we are willing to
do for mutual safety and greater security and
equality, namely, to make population the basis
of representation, or do they expect to keep up
the rule aud idea that three white men in the
South are equal to five in the North in repre-
sentation ? Do they want us to assume their
war debts, debts contracted in violation of their
oaths, and to pay for overthrowing the Gov-
ernment they had administered for fifty years,
and which gave them such ample protection in
all their essential interests ?
1. Let them in good faith agree to an honest
and fair basis of representation, and acknowl-
edge us as equals under the law.
2. Let them agree that the leading, active
participants in producing and carrying forward
the rebellion—the class specified in our prop-
osition—shall forever be ineligible to office
under the Government, which is a very small
punishment for such flagrant treason.
3. Let them absolve us forever from the pay-
ment of any portion of their war debt, and agree
faithfully to administer the law passed by Con-
gress to guaranty civil rights to all classes, and
then elect loyal men who can take the test oath,
and I for one will vote to admit their Repre-
