2644
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
gan, Norton, Pomeroy, Sumner, Willey, and Wil-
liams—14. ,
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Conness, Cres-
well, Doohttle, Edmunds, Henderson, Lane of Kan-
sas, McDougall, Nye, Poland, Ramsey, Saulsbury,
Shaman, Van Winkle, Wade, and Wright—17."
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. Now I send an amendment
as a new section to the Chair, to come in pre-
cisely where the one just struck out was:
And be it further enacted, That the President be, and
ho is hereby, authorized to appoint, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, a second Assistant
Secretary of State, in the Department of State, at an
annual salary of §3,500, to commence on the 1st day
of July, 1866? and the amount necessary to pay the
same is hereby appropriated.
A Senator near me says he will not go for
this amendment unless I put in the name. It
is perfectly well known that it is intended to
give an opportunity to appoint Mr. Hunter,
and the authorities, I presume, will take notice.
There is no need of inserting his fiame; and
the remark of the Senator is simply a criticism
for an excuse. I hope the Senate will adopt
the amendment without a division.
Mr. FBSSENDEN. I ask for the yeas and
nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CLAliK. It is perfectly apparent to
everybody that this attempt to appoint an
Assistant Secretary is to get an increase of
salary; not for the wants of the service, but to
give Mr. Hunter an increase of salary. I am
not in favor of any such proposition. If the
wants of the service absolutely required a sec-
ond Assistant Secretary of State I would be
willing to vote for it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is the advice and con-
sent of the Senate required to this appointment?
Mr. CLARK. The advice and consent of
the Senate is required; but this office is lfot
now proposed to be created because the Gov-
ernment needs it, but simply to give an increase
of salary to Mr. Hunter. It is only another
evidence of how men will squirm around to get
more pay.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator says this is
simply to give an increase of salary. It is to
make a place for a valuable public servant.
There is the simple fact. When I proposed to
give an increase of salary outright to him as
chief clerk, Senators said that that was con-
trary to precedent, it would be abad precedent
for the future. " Make a new office, Assistant
Secretary of State, and see that he is appointed
to that." Now, I have done what I could in
order to bring that about, and Senators then
come forward and say, " But you are creating
a new office as an apology for giving a man
additional salary." Sir, I accept the state-
ment. It is in order to give an additional
salary to a well-deserving public, servant, and
it is because in no other way can we give him
adequate compensation.
Mr. COWAN. It is perfectly right.
Mr. SUMNER. I know it is perfectly right,
and it ought, to be done.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We have the avowal,
then, and it is indorsed by the Senator from
Pennsylvania, that it is perfectly right in this
time of taxation and great debt to create an
office, a place, for no other purpose in the world
than to pay a salary.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; to reward a
faithful public servant.
15 AVIS. I understand that a bran new
principle is to be introduced into our Govern-
ment; and that is, that a new place shall be
created for every deserving officer. I am
opposed to that principle.
Mr. COWAN. I think the Senator from
Massachusetts has stated the question just
about as well as it could be stated. Honora-
ble Senators will not vote a valuable officer
that which they admit themselves to be a suffi-
cient compensation for him. Why? As I un-
derstand, because he is called a clerk. The
honorable Senator from Massachusetts pro-
poses to change his name; that is the whole
of it; and I think he is perfectly right in avail-
ing himself of that privilege now, in order to
achieve what I look upon as a good purpose
in the end.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 17 ; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Cowan, Cragin, Dixon, Foster,
Grimes, Guthrie, Harris, Howe, Johnson, Nesmith,
Poland, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sprague, Stewart, Sum-
ner, AVilson, and Yates—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Chandler, Clark, Davis,
Eessenden, Henderson, Hendricks, Howard, Kirk-
wood, Morgan, Morrill, Norton, Riddle, Sherman,
Trumbull, Willey, and Williams—17.
ABSENT — Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Conness,
Creswell, Doolittle, Edmunds. Lane of Indiana,
Lane of Kansas, McDougall, Nye, Saulsbury, Van
Winkle, Wade, and Wright—14.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer this amendment to
come in as a new section at the end of the bill:
And be it further enacted. That the salary of any
envoy extraordinary and minister plenipotentiary
hereafter appointed shall be the salary of a minis-
ter resident and nothing more, except when he is
appointed to one of the countries where the United
States are now represented by an envoy extraordi-
nary and minister plenipotentiary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We acted on that once.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's par-
don; we voted on a different proposition which
had something of the same idea. The propo-
sition which is now submitted is substantially
the proposition of the Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Shebmax.] The Senate will see its applica-
tion if I call their attention for one minute to
the consular and diplomatic act of 1850, which
undertakes to fix the salaries of envoys extra-
ordinary as follows: here is- what is called
schedule A; there are three clauses to schedule
A: " Great Britain and France, each $17,500;"
the second clause is ''Russia, Spain, Aus-
tria, Prussia, Brazil, Mexico, and China, each
$12,000;" and then comes clause third, "all
other countries, each $10,000."
In point of fact I understand that under this
third clause we have now envoys extraordinary
and ministers plenipotentiary in Peru and
Chili." The object of the section which I have
offered is to declare that in all other cases
cxcept those on which Congress has already
acted, and which I have now named, where an
envoy extraordinary and minister plenipoten-
tiary shall be appointed, his salary shall no
longer be what it may be under this act,
$10,000, but it shall be $7,500; in short, it
shall be reduced to the salary of a minister
resident. The proposition accomplishes, to a
certain extent, the purpose aimed at in the
proposition which I moved yesterday from the
committee ; but it has a different form, and I
am indebted substantially to the Senator from
Ohio for that form. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend from Mary-
land [Mr. Johnson] asks me a question which
I will answer t'o the Senate itself. He asks
what is the meaning and what is the effect of
it. I will state that schedule A, of the diplo-
matic and consular law, provides for three
classes of envoys extraordinary and ministers
plenipotentiary: first, to Prance and Great
Britain, where the salary is $17,500; second,
to several countries named where the salary is
$12,000; and then it provides in the third
clause that envoys extraordinary and ministers
plenipotentiary to all other countries shall have
a salary of $10,000. We have some of each
of the three classes. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts wishes to give an additional title to
ministers resident without any additional pay.
To accomplish that, this amendment adds an-
other grade of envoys extraordinary, so that a
person who now holds the office of minister
resident may be nominated to the Senate and
confirmed as envoy extraordinary, and if he is
sent to any country not specifically named, and
at which we have not now an envoy extraor-
dinary, he is to get but $7,500. I cannot see
what objection there can be to this.
Mr. SUMNER, It is in point of fact a
reduction of salary.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly. The effect is
to make another class, class number four, of
envoys extraordinary. The objection made
yesterday by the Senator from Iowa was rather
personal in its character, that it raised the
salary of gentlemen to whom he had objection.
Under this section it is a new office, and they
must be sent here for confirmation; it is a
fourth class of envoys extraordinary, and it
fixes their salary at $7,500, the salary of a
minister resident. I do not see any objection
that can be made against it now. The objec-
tion made to the proposition yesterday and the
reason I voted against it was because the inev-
itable effect- of the proposition yesterday I
thought would be to lead to an increase of
salary to the officers appointed under it, be-
cause as the law fixed their salary at $10,000,
and as they had performed the duties of an
office the salary of which was fixed at $10,000,
they would naturally claim it, and there was
no exclusion of that claim in the amendment
offered yesterday.
Mr. J OHNSON. I ask the chairman of the
committee, or my friend from Ohio, whether
this amendment would interfere with the sala-
ries of the ministers who are now abroad.
Mr. SUMNER. Not at all.
Mr. GRIMES. But I understand that un-
der this proposition those persons who are now
ministers resident can be sent in to-morrow, if
the bill passes to-day, as ministers plenipoten-
tiary, and then the}' will get the increased sal-
ary under the other schedule.
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh, no.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Iowa is
mistaken, first, as to sending them in. If they
are sent in, then the Senator from Iowa will
have an opportunity of opposing their confir-
mation. Take the two gentlemen to whom
reference has been made so often in this dis-
cussion—the ministers resident at Brussels and
at Lisbon. Suppose they are nominated to-
morrow, each as envoy extraordinary and min-
ister plenipotentiary. It will then be for the
Senator from Iowa to make his opposition.
The time has not yet come. Why oppose a,
general principle, which I insist is bencficent
in its application and for the good of the Re-
public, because lender that two gentlemen, or
one gentleman, to whom he is opposed may
be sent in?. Let the gentlemen be sent in, and
then let the Senator from Iowa institute his
opposition, but not oppose a principle which
in itself is so essentially beneficent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is the principle?
Mr. SUMNER. The principle is that you
reduce the salaries of envoys extraordinary
from $10,000 to $7,500; you create a new
class.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Allow me to ask a ques-
tion right there. I understood the Senator
from Massachusetts to say, in reply to a ques-
tion from the Senator from Maryland, that it
did not reduce anybody's salary.
Mr. SUMNER. I was right when I said
that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It does not reduce it,
and yet now you say it does reduce it.
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator from Illi-
nois would only trouble himself to understand
the question he would not speak as he does.
As I understood the Senator from Maryland,
he asked me whether this would reduce the
salary of any actual minister, to which I re-
plied no; and I can show that to the Senator
if he will only attend.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am listening.
Mr. SUMNER. For instance, the first class
of envoys extraordinary is to Great Britain
and France; the salary is $17,500 to each coun-
try. That is not touched. The second class
of envoys extraordinary is to "Russia, Spain,
Austria, Prussia, Brazil, Mexico, and China,
each $12,000." That is not touched. Then
comes the third clause, "all other countries,
$10,000." Under that third clause the Gov-
ernment ha3 already appointed envoys extraor-
dinary and ministers plenipotentiary to Peru
and Chili. These tw^> cases are saved out by
the language of the proposition, and now the
consequence is, that in future appointments
