204
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 5,
Ho. of Reps., Reconstruction—Increase of Duties on Wool—Mr. Lawrence. 39th Cong— 1st Sess.
sentatives and accord to them equal privileges
iB all respects.
I believe, then, that these guarantees and the
future safety of the country can only be secured
by the continuance of the true loyal Union men
of the country in power. We point with great
pride and satisfaction to the record of this
organization for the last five years. In the
darkest hours of the Republic, when- timid
men were ready to yield, when treason South
and North beset o-ur pathway, and when dark
clouds enveloped the future, this party in the
field, in the halls of legislation, and among the
people, clung with constant faith and unyield-
ing tenacity to the Government and all its in-
terests. Our faithful adherence to principle,
to integrity, to justice and right, under a just
Pi-oviden.ee gave us the victory in the field and
at the polls. History will record the fact that
the Union party, composed of the soldiers in
the field and the loyal patriotic masses of the
loyal States, contending successfully with the
armed legions in the field and the more cow-
ardly allies in the North and West, saved us
our heritage, an undivided territory, one Gov-
ernment, free institutions, and universal lib-
erty. We have here attempted—perhaps not
always by the most prudent counsel and wisest
policy, but with great harmony and unanimity
of purpose—to make the fruits of our victories
contribute to our future safety, to our national
honor, to the universality among our own peo-
ple of the spirit of our free institutions, and
will stand upon the record before a just and
intelligent people.
Now, Mr. Speaker, having spoken longer
than I expected on this branch of the subject,
I will come to the question I most desired to
present, and one in which as a policy or inter-
est all the people I represent are deeply and
vitally interested.
The general question of protection to all of
our industrial pursuits has been well discussed
Mid faithfully presented by my colleague, [Mr.
Kbiaey, ] and I have distributed his able speech
very freely in my district. I could not present
it in so favorable a light or so ably as lie has
done, nor would I have time to attempt it.
Another colleague, [Mr. Moorhead,] has also
very fully, and at great length, presented this
subject, especially in reference to the necessity
of increased duties on iron, steel, &c., and I
concur most fully with all they have said on the
subject, and will be glad if 1 have time in an
hour's speech to add some thoughts and statis-
tics not given by them on the general question.
Washington county, Pennsylvania, has per-
haps as many or more sheep within its borders,
scattered over its rich hills and richer valleys,
than any county in the United States, and has
obtained as high a degree of perfection and
improvement in keeping, managing, and grow-
ing sheep as any other, and in the other coun-
ties of the district a large portion of the most
intelligent and useful farmers are engaged in
tho business. I need-not say it isa mosthealth-
ful, honest, and honorable pursuit. The shep-
herds in all the ages of the past are referred to
in poetry and song. Sacred and profane his-
tory abound in references to the herds, the
flocks, and their shepherds. And on the plains
of Jndea this class were honored by being the
first to see the star as it rested above the Babe
in Bethlehem, and to herald to the world the
birth of the Saviour ; and no class of men, as
they now exist, are better entitled to the care
and protection of a beneficent Government.
This interest is absolutely essential to our
very existence. Wool enters largely into and
often composes tho fabric with which our bodies
are clothed and our health and comfort se-
cured ; and no family in the land can dispense
with the necessity which exists for it. No arti-
cle can take its place; it is more valuable than
cotton and linen. The universality of its use,
the amount of capital and labor invested in it,
all indicate the importance and permanent char-
acter which it assumes as a productive interest
of the country. The supply is not nearly ade-
quate to the demand, and-hence the necessity
of heavy importations of foreign wools. There
is no country in the world better suited, or.
where there are more naturql advantages than
here, for rearing sheep and growing wool. la.
all of the northern, middle, western, and some
of the southern States, sheep are found to grow
as finely, as full of vigor and health, and are
as free from disease and with as vigorous con-
stitutions as in any other. They seem to fatten
and thrive on the natural grass of the prairie
a well as that found on the tilled soil. The wool
seems to vary some in weight in the South and
the North; but there is but little difference in
the longevity or health of the sheep with the
same quality of food and' similar care and atten-
tion. With these natural advantages, and the
readiness with which our people adapt them-
selves to all the industrial'pursuits in which
they find a reasonable profit, how do you ac-
count for the fact that this interest has advanced
so little ? I know of no more healthful employ-
ment; none which brings man more frequently
into the open air and in direct contact with the
very elements of life; none which.is less ex-
pensive in its management. One man can,
with ordinary industry and care, manage sev-
eral hundred sheep during all the year, and the
product in wool is carried to market often in a
single day, and the larger portion of your annual
profits of labor and your sheep all delivered at
the same time.
In keeping sheep you are constantly enrich-
ing your soil. No animal perhaps furnishes so
much return to the soil from i,ts food as the
sheep. Its manure is dropped almost always
on the highest ground and where most needed,
as is evinced by the increased quantity and
green appearance of the grass on the high
grounds. It also assists to expel weeds, briers,
bushes, and shrubs from your pastures. It will
often browse or feed among these in prefer-
-ence to the grass, and will thus save much
manual labor by expelling them from the
pastures. They are also well kept on wood-
land pastures in summer, and graze as well
on rough as level land. In raising agricul-
tural products and tilling the soil you are
compelled to plow, to sow, to reap, to thresh,
and carry to market at great labor and ex-
pense, often many days or perhaps weeks
removing your annual grain crops to market,
especially so when your are not contiguous to
railroads or water communication; you are
also exhausting the soil, and required, if you
would preserve its original strength and pro-
ductiveness, to add largely of guano, lime, or
manure to retain its original vigor and repro-
ductive power. One of the greatest sources
of difficulty in farming the hill lands of Penn-
sylvania, and other States with rough surface,
is the very great loss of soil when plowed, and
before and after planting, from the heavy and
washing rains which are almost sure to fall at
some period in the spring or summer, when the
ground is in a mellow or loose state or condi-
tion. I have known more land ruined and
soil carried off in this than almost any othir
way, and have not envied the intelligence which
is exhibited by many in thus exposing them-
selves to almost irreparable loss from this
source, when their hill lands could be made,
by keeping sheep, as profitable as- by growing
grain, and would be enriched from year to
year with the soil unbroken, and unexposed
to such waste. There is still another and very
material advantage the wool-grower would
have, if properly protected, over the man who
tills the soil and depends on growing crops for
his profits, which is in the certainty of a return
for his labor and expense.
Wheat, which has in many places been the
staple crop, is subject, especially in latteryears,
to many dangers, and is often totally destroyed,
sometimes by the fly, sometimes by drought,
often by severe freezing when exposed in tho
winter season, often by rust, and by wet after
being cut. It is a most uncertain crop, and to
a certain extent the same maybe said of almost
every crop you grow on the soil.
I regard, then, the business of growing sheep
and wool as much more pleasant, perhaps
quite as healthful, attended with much less
labor, and with mu.ch more certainty than the
tilling of the soil. True, flocks are often ex-
posed to tho ravages of dogs and sometimes
to disease; but either will be avoided when it
becomes a business, and when a combination
is formed against the former and proper care
is taken to prevent the latter. I have been
particular to show that there is nothing in the
business, the employment itself, to prevent the
growth and extension of so important an inter-
est, and much to invite the landholder to in-
vest a portion of his capital in sheep and pur-
sue it steadily as a calling or business, and yet
why is it that in the United States we find so
little increase in the number of sheep or the
quantity of wool in a given number of years ?
A reference to the figures furnished by the
census report and documents since collected
at the Treasury Department, and carefully ex-
amined by those who have given much care
and attention to this subject, and which are
regarded as approximating as near accuracy
as we can get and are used in estimating our
national resources and products, sh-ow many
singular facts on this subject. I present some
of these figures that you may see it is for want
of protection and encouragement this im-
portant interest has languished or made so
little progress.
From 1840 to 18G0 there was little increase
in the production of wool or number of sheep
—really no substantial advancement in twenty
years—and this during a period when other in-
terests were most of them in a flourishing con-
dition; indeed, wool is almost the only product
that did not increase largely. Our population
increased over eight millions between 1850 and
1860. The increase of stock, except sheep, in
the western States in these years was one hun-
dred and forty-three and a half per cent., but
of sheep only two and seven tenths per cent.,
and wool seventeen per cent. All the agri-
cultural products except this increased in the
last decade one hundred and twenty-five per
cent. In 1850 the number of sheep returned
was 21,723,220, and the amount of wool at
52,510,954 pounds. The number of sheep in
1860 was 24,823,556, and the amount of wool
60,511,543 pounds.
In Pennsylvania during the ten years pre-
ceding the rebellion the number of sheep had
decreased twelve per cent.; in Illinois, four-
teen per cent. After the war had been waged
for four years, and we had been thrown more
upon our own resources, and less wool was
imported on account of the danger to which
foreign commerce was exposed, and also be-
cause of the slight protection under the tariff
of 1861, the increase in Pennsylvania in the
production of wool was seventy-six per cent.,
and in a greater ratio in some of the western
States. Illinois, for example, had during ten
years preceding decreased fourteen per cent.;
but during the first two years of the war the
number increased from 769.135 to 1,206,195.
This shows how this interest increased when
we had control of the home market, or even
partially so. I doubt not many wool-growers
will be utterly astonished when I present figures
showing the importations of foreign wool into
the United States, and when they see how their
interests come in competition and are put in
jeopardy by the products of cheap land and
cheaper labor in foreign countries sold in their
own market. The following tables and quota-
tions, as they appear, are taken from the very
able and elaborate report written and pre-
sented to the United States revenue commis-
sioners by the committee of the National Wool-
