1684
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
depredations upon these lands and other crim-
inal acts shall be punishable under the law of
the State of Kansas.
What we want is a law which will enable us
to execute justice. to enforce the laws of Kan-
sas, to punish horse thieves, to punish men who
commit depredations upon these lands. At
present we are not able to secure the execu-
tion of justice under the operations of the dis-
trict court. That court is very efficient, and to
the extent of its ability performs, I have no
doubt, its whole duty. But it is absolutely im-
possible to secure the administration of justice
upon these lands unless the laws of Kansas are
extended over them.
The necessity for this hill grows, as I have
remarked, out of ihe peculiarity connected with
the selection of these lands, if the lands had
been selected in a body, as I believe the pro-
visions of the treaty originally intended they
should be selected, there would have been no
necessity for the passage of this bill; but in
view of the manner in which they have been
selected, and the difficulties which have re-
sulted. it is very important that this legislation
should be adopted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I certainly
cannot see my way clear in reference to this
legislation. The United States courts now have
jurisdiction of all these mailer". They aie
now all left, and I think very properly, under
the jurisdiction.of the laws of the (1 liited Slates,
to be administered by the courts of the United
States. 1 am entirely opposed to changing the
principle which wo have heretofore followed,
if wo put this power into the hands of the
white men wo cannot tell how it will bo abused
or what, will be fbe result.
T think, sir, that we bad better let matters
remain as they are. The gentleman from Kan-
sas [Mr. Ul.u:ku] says that the United States
court there is an eiUeient court. That court
has full jurisdiction ; and if the Indians are
guilty of any crimes, they may be punished in
that court. I do not believe that it will tend
to the public interest or the ends of justice to
have this jurisdiction vested in the courts of
the State of Kansas.
Mr. STEVKNS. I remember, sir, when a
lawwas parsed by the Slate of Georgia extend-
ing the jurisdiction of that Slate over the In-
dian lands within the State, the United States
still, as it was thought, holding jurisdiction.
l!ul an the United States never annulled the
lan.; of the Slate of (leorgia, although Ihe
(!ovi ru.neni evidently had tin- jurisdiction,
v/hat. was Ihe result ' I n .1 ;dioit lime, under
tho. e Slate laws, a sysi< m of j,execution was
carried on against, those Indians. A man
named Ta,-sels was ordered to be hanged wilh
out. the least authority of law, without his hav-
ing committed any crime. Tho ea^-e was r?ar-
ried 10 t.h" Supreme ('onrt of 1 lie United Slates,
and when that, tribunal was about to reverse
the decree of the State court, the man was
hantred, and that ended the case.
Thai is the manner in which, the Indians arc
treated whenever they are put out of the pro-
tection of the United States, and placed under
tho control of the State laws. 1 trust that we
shall never disgrace tho national legislation by
any act which will give the sanction of law to
such an outrage as 1 have cited. These un-
protected and helpless people are going out of
existence fast enough by the natural operations
of the white man's crimes, without anything
further.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. 1 do not know,
sir, what may have been tho experience in the
case of Georgia, but 1 apprehend no injustice
can be efl'ected or urow out of the passage of
this bill. 1 am satisfied, under the present, law,
in the manner in which those Indian lands have
been selected, a great deal of injustice grows
out of the mixed and interlaced jurisdiction
which exists in the State of Kansas. Any per-
son can see. from an examination of this map,
find the location of the lands named in the bill,
that the administration of la,w and the punish-
ment of crime iu the State of Kansas will be
difficult.
Mr. SLOAN. I understand one object of
this bill is to protect the lands of this reserva-
tion from depredation. These lands are held
partly by whites and partly by Indians. Is it
to protect the Indian lands fiom depredations
or the lands held by the wdiites? I should like
also to know whether it is the whites upon this
reservation or the Indians who arc asking for
this legislation.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I understand the
people of Kansas ask for this legislation.
Mr. SPALDING. Do any of the Indians
ask for it ?
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I cannot say;
but, it does not matter whether the Indians ask
for it or not. The people there are suffering
from this mixed and interlaced jurisdiction.
Mr. HIGrBY. I ask when Indians went off
from lands reserved in Kansas and committed
crimes whether they are not punishable under
the laws of the State instead of the laws of the
United States?
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I do not under-
stand it so. Practically at least it is not so. I
understand that the Indians are under the pro-
tection of the laws of the United States.
Mr. STEVENS. If an Indian goes out of
his tribal domains and commits a crime, does
the gentleman say that he is not to be tried by
the laws of the place where the crime was
committed? Does the gentleman want to take
him away from his own reservation, and let
white men go in there and try him?
Mr. Ill G BY. I should like to have my
question settled. It would be extraordinary
if the laws of Kansas did not. have full juris-
diction within the limits of Kansas excepting
Indian reservations. 1 hope the committee
will let-us have some information on the
subject.
Mr. HUBBARD^ of Iowa. I understand
the Indians are punished under the laws of the
United Stales. I understand tho jurisdiction
of the laws of the United States isnotcxtended
over them, and if an Indian does commit a
crime upon his reservation he is not punishable
by the laws of the State wdiere the reservation
is located. That is my idea of the law and it
is an answer to the question of the gentleman
from California.
Mr. BURLEIGH. I have lived there for five
years, and not less than one hundred citizens
have been murdered by Indians, yet not one
lias been arraigned or punished under the pres-
ent bins. It is next, to impossible to punish
an Indian. It, is very well so say that the laws
of the United Slates protect, the white people
upon the frontier?,, but the fact is that they do
not protect them. Thousands of horses, thou-
sands of cattle have been stolen, buildings
burned, and properly destroyed of our citizens,
and I have not heard of a single instance where
tho Indians were brought to justice and pun-
ished.
Mr. STEVENS. Were not these Indians
out in a war of nation against nation?
Mr. BURLEIGH. We regard all Indians as
hostile who come downandravageourfrontiers.
Mr. STEVENS. Does the gentleman refer
to the terrible slaughter of Indians by the white
chief Cliivington?
Mr. BURLEIGH. I do not refer to any-
thing of the kind. 1 say that the present Indian
policy cannot be changed for the worse. As
at present managed, it is a system of corruption
from the beginning to the end.
Mr. HALE. I understand the gentleman
from Dakota to say that no Indian has been
punished under the laws.of the United States.
I had an impression that in Minnesota, a few
yeais ago, some thirty or forty Indians were
hung under the military laws.
Mr. BURLEIGH. The gentleman speaks
of the little hanging-bee. I believe there were
some twenty or thirty Indians hung, but the
balance of them I learn are about to be turned
loose in the Territory of Dakota, by order of
; the Indian department, to commence again their
I work of robbery and rapine upon our citizens.
' Mr. Ill1 BISAlii'), of Iowa. Miavenoknowl-
i edge of a single instance in which an Indian
has been punished under State or territorial
laws for the commission of any crime under
the civil law. And the cases referred to by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania and the gen-
tleman from New York arc cases of punish-
ment under trials by military tribunals. 1 do
not believe a single instance can be found
where during the last twenty years an Indian
has been punished by a civil tribunal iu any
State or Territory. So far as these Indians are
' concerned, they are under the jurisdiction amd
laws of the United States; they are regarded
as being outside of and not under the jurisdic-
tion and laws of the States or the Territories.
By the provisions of this bill it is not in-
tended to bring these Indians within the juris-
diction and the laws of the State'of Kansas.
It is only intended to bring tho lands of these
Indians within the jurisdiction of these laws;
that is, such lands as have been assigned to
these Indians in severalty, and for which cer-
tificates have been issued by the Secretary of
the Interior, vesting in them the absolute title
to the land.
Mr. ROSS. Does not this bill propose to
extend the laws of Kansas over these Indians?
Mr. HUBBARIJ, of Iowa. Simply over the
land; not over the Indians. It does not affect
the jurisdiction of the Government of the U nited
States, so far as the persons of these Indians
are concerned; it relates only to jurisdiction
over the land.
Now, as to the justicc and propriety of this
bill: these Indians are holding these lands
in severalty under titles from the General Gov-
ernment, with their farms and improvements,
living there in style and splendor. And yet gen-
tlemen say they are to be exempt from taxa-
tion : exempt from the operation of the local
laws of tho State.
Mr. SPALDING. I would ask tho gentle-
man how tho jurisdiction can be extended over
the lands without being extended over tho per-
sons on the lands?
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I have no time
to speak of or discuss questions of this kind.
Mr. SPALDING. If I can be convinced
that that can be done I might be induced to
vote for the bill.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I think I could
explain it if I had the time. I am directing my
attention to another point or feature of this
law. I will ask the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Stevens,] and the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Ross,] whether it is just and right
for these Indians to hold these lands iu sever-
alty, and be benefited by the erection of school-
houses, the construction of roads, and by all
other improvements of a local character, and
yet be exempt from the burdens imposed upon
others, in the shape of taxes, for the purposes
of making these improvements?
Air. STEVENS. That depends upon the
original bargain, which it is proposed we shall
now try to evade.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I undertake to
sa.y that an investigation of that subject, will
show that we have a right to pass this law. If
we have tho right to pass the law, I maintain
that it is politic and expedient that we should
do it. Any man who will look at the condition
of those lands can see how tho citizens of Kan-
sas are situated in regard to those Indians. A
man commits a crime upon the lauds of the
whiles, and then flees to the Indian territory,
where he is out of the way of arrest, so far as
the olficers of the law in the State of Kansas
are concerned, for he has placed himself be-
yond the power and jurisdiction of the State;
and yet gentlemen .demand that this state of
affairs shall continue.
Now, we ask that the laws of Kansas shall
be extended over these lands, so that when a
man commits a crime upon the lands of the
whites and goes upon the lands of tho Indians
he maybe arrested and brought to justice, like
other criminals in the State.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and this bill will go over until to-
morrow morning.
