3604
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
tariff debate com menced we have heard nothing
but " protection."
Mr. MORRILL. Not from me.
Mr. WENTWORTH. The United States is
a large landed proprietor in its own right. But
our land has become so valueless that we find
great difficulty to give it away if we compel the
one to whom we give it to go and live upon it.
So we give it atfay to railroad companies in
order that our lands may be occupied by some-
body. Now, suppose a poor man goes to work
on that land, just see how the country protects
him. He first undertakes to fence in his land,
and the spade with which he digs the hole for
a post is taxed; the ax with which he cuts the
post to put in the hole is taxed ; the boards he
puts on the posts to make his fenee are taxed;
the nails with which ho fastens on the boards
are taxed; and the hammer with which he drives
the nails is taxed. When the fence is done and
the man goes inside to work his plow is-taxed,
his hoe is taxed, his cultivator is taxed, his
reaper or mower is taxed, and everything he
uses is taxed. And for the benefit of whom ?
For the protection of American manufacturers.
And the poor man must pay his tax in ad-
vance. He cannot stir a peg, he cannot dig a
hole, or plow a furrow until he has paid his
tax on his implements. And after he has en-
dured the heats of summer and the frosts of
winter*, after he has risked the fevers and
agues, the miasmas that are always incident
to a new country, he looks to the Govern-
ment for some protection. He fights the bat-
tles of the country and pays its taxes, too,
and this is the protection you give him. I
want to kn£w what encouragement there is for
us to go into agriculture if we have no protec-
tion at all. And there have been rich men
and rich men and rich men here this winter
trying to lobby against the agriculturists and
put them down. I hope the House will say
thirty cents for the oil and thirty cents for the
seed.
Mr. PRICE. I have listened with a great
deal of interest to the debate on this tariff bill
from the commencement of it. And I have
heard a great deal said about protection for the
interests of this country. I believe, if I prop-
erly understand the meaning of the word, that
I am a protectionist. But if the very moment
we strike the agricultural interests of this coun-
try protection is to cease, then I shall begin to
review my course and opinions upon the ques-
tion of protection, and conclude that possibly
I am not quite so much of a protectionist.after
all. The committee must allow me to say that
if the manufacturer is to be protected, and the
merchant is to be protected, and all classes and
conditions of society are to be protected ex-
cept the agriculturist, then I undertake to say
that we have begun to protect at the wrong
end, and have left entirely out of sight the
interest that needs protection the most and
that must have it.
My friend from Vermont [Mr. Morrill]
tells us as an argument why the provision re-
ported by the committee should not be changed,
that previous Congresses have adopted a lower
scale. I do not know Mr. Chairman, that I
ought to speak longer, for I am afraid I shall
interrupt the private conversation that seems
to be so interesting to members here. It
would be impolite, perhaps, to interrupt them.
If I can be heard, I wish to say a word in
reply to the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr.
Morrill,] who say3 that the action of the last
three Congresses has been of a different char-
acter from that which I propose, and therefore
wo ought to adhere to that line of policy. Now,
sir, it just occurs to me that there is a class of
politicians who—•
"Chime on errors past.
And stumble on in blunders to the last."
I do not propose to be one of that kind. I
prefer, when I see that an error has been com-
mitted, to correct that error, and to do better
in-the future than I have done in the past.
Now, I have only to say to gentlemen of
this committee that if the agricultural interest
of this country cannot he protected to the same
extent as all other interests, then I am not a
protectionist or a tariff man, not in the least
degree whatever. If the men who do the work
of the nation, who constitute the bone and
sinew of the country, underlying the prosper-
ity of every other interest, are not to be pro-
tected equa'lly with other interests—yes, sir, and
above all other interests—then I am not a pro-
tectionist. The agricultural class embraces
the men who furnish the labor .of the com-
munity ; and labor in this country, as in all
otlier countries, is the only true standard of
value. Sir, are we to tell the agriculturist that he
must sell a bushel of flaxseed at a certain price
to the eastern manufacturer for the making of
oil because the seed can be raised in some
foreign country at one dollar per bushel ? Why,
sir, have we not put a duty of sixty, seventy,
eighty per cent, "upon iron and steel and other
articles in which the manufacturing interests
are concerned?
Mr. MORRILL. The gentleman will per-
mit me to say that I am not opposed to pro-
tecting the agricultural interest; but we do
protect the agricultural interests by putting a
higher duty on linen, encouraging farmers to
raise flaxseed for tl\e fiber rather than for the
seed, and which will be found of far more
value.
Mr. PRICE. I thank the gentleman for
that 'word as much as the "Jew" was ever
thanked. Sir, with reference to Russia duck
and crash and other articles of that class, we
the other day did that of which, if we examine
it properly, we should be ashamed. We can
raise in my own State raw material for enough
duck and crash to supply the world; yet we
must cater to the interests of Russia, and en-
courage the pauper labor? of Europe rather
than the industry of our own citizens. Now,
sir, I am for taking care of the people of this
country; and I would not deserve to be called
a "protectionist" if I were not.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORRILL. For the purpose of termi-
nating debate, I move that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Scofield re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had, according to order,
had under consideration bill of the House No.
718, to provide increased revenue from im-
ports, and for other purposes, and had come
to no resolution thereon.
Sir. MORRILL. I move that when the House
shall again resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, all
debate on the pending paragraph terminate in
one minute.
Mr. SCHENCK. I suggest to the gentle-
man to allow three minutes for the explana-
tion of some of his figures.
Mr. MORRILL. The gentleman shall have
the whole of the one minute.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the rules be
suspended and the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Scofield in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the special order, being bill of
the House No. 718, to provide increased rev-
enue from imports, and for other purposes.
< The CHAIRMAN. All debate, by order of
the House, is limited to one minute.
Mr. SCHENCK. -The "impetuousfriend"
of the gentleman from Vermont would like to
avail himself of that minute in order to show
that the deliberate gentleman from Vermont,
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, is about as wrong in his figures in ref-
erence to importation as with regard to every-
thing else connected with this interest. He
says there has been no importation of seed of
any consequence since 1861. Now, sir, I have
taken the pains to procure the figures on this
subject; and I find that in 1861 123,603 bags
were imported; and since that time the quan-
tity of foreign seed brought into the country
for the use of these eastern manufacturers has
gradually increased till in 1865 it amounted to
321,570 bags—nearly three times as much asi
in 1801. The average annual importation dur-
ing the last ten years has been 1,376,218 bush-
els. He is willing to protect all this foreign
seed but none of that live millions and a quar-
ter worth of seed raised by all these western
States for these half a dozen of crushers.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WENTWORTH, by- unanimous con-
sent, withdrew his amendment.
The question recurred on Mr. Price's
amendment, and it was disagreed to.
Mr. O'NEILL moved to strikeout " thirty"
and insert "twenty."
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. O'NEILL. I move to strike out the
words, " that no drawback shall be allowed on
oil-cake when exported."
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. ROSS. I move to strike out " thirty"
and insert " forty."
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
On mackerel, two dollars per barrel; on herrings,
pickled or salted, one dollar per barrel; on salmon,
pickled or salted, three dollars per barrel; on shad,
two dollars per barrel; on all other fish, pickled, two
dollars per barrel; on all fish, not herein otherwise
provided for, on© dollar per hundred-weight: Pro-
vided, That any fish in packages other than barrels
shall pay in proportion to the rates charged upon
similar fish in barrels; on sardines and anchovies,
fifty percent, ad valorem ; on fish-oil, twenty per cent.
ad valorem.
Mr. PIKE. I move to add the following:
Provided further, That herring imported in bulk
shall pay at the rate of fifty cents per barrel of two
hundred pounds.
Mr. MORRILL. I have no objection to the
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Onpelts, (without wool,) skivers, and roans, pickled
or salted, fifteen per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. O'NEILL. I move the following:
On raw goat-skins in the hair from any port of
shipment five per cent, ad.valorem.
Mr. Chairman, the object of reducing the
duty, as indicated in my amendment, is this :
these skins come in free all over the world
except into the ports of this country.
Mr. BINGHAM. Debate is not in order,
as the committee commenced to divide.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. EGrGLESTON. I ask unanimous con-
sent to go back to move an amendment redu-
cing the duty on mackerel from two dollars to
one dollar per barrel.
Objection was made.
The Clerk read as follows :
On skivers, tanned, colored, and finished, forty per
cent, ad valorem.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out " and''
and insert " or.''
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ALLEY. I move to insert the following :
On goat and sheep skins, tanned and unfinished,
from any port of shipment, thirty per cent ad valore>,i.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On fawn, kid, and lamb skins, tanned and dressed,
otherwise than in colors, and known as chamois,
thirty-live per eont. ad valorem.
On mats of sheep-skins, not colored, forty per cent.
ad valorem.
On mats of shoep-skins, fanoy, eolorcd, sixty per
cent, ad valorem.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
On upper leather find calf-skins and goat-skins,
tanned, dressed, or finished, thirty-five per cent, ad
valorem.
On leather, patent, japanned or enameled, forty
per ccnt. ad valorem.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to insert after the
word " enameled" the words "and on glazed
skin."
The amendment was agreed to.
