I860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2045
of envoys extraordinary and ministers pleni-
potentiary to countries not already provided
for by the legislation of Congress, tlie salary
■will be $7,500 instead of $10,000; so that in
point of fact we create a fourth class of envoys
extraordinary and ministers plenipotentiary.
Mti CONNESS. Will the Senator answer
me a question?
Mr. .SUMNER. Certainly. I am always
happy to hear the Senator from California.
Mr. CONNESS. If it be deemed neces-
sary or wise by the executive department to
raise a minister resident to the rank of minis-
ter plenipotentiary, must his name be sent in
to the Senate for confirmation under this prop-
osition?
Mr. SUMNER. It must be, and the Sen-
ator from California can have the opportunity
of voting against any of these gentlemen.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to correct the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts in one respect. I did
not allude yesterday to the minister resident
of this Government at Belgium; I did allude
to the one at Lisbon, and 1 am prepared if ne-
cessary to allude to him a little more exten-
sively to-day than I did yesterday. But my ob-
jection to this proposition is that it proceedsupon
altogether a different idea than the true Amer-
ican idea on this subjcct; and that is, that our
consequence abroad is to be regulated by the
rank which we see fit to confer upon our min-
isters., The only illustration the Senator has
given us as to the necessity of the passage of
this provision was given yesterdaywhen ho
said that a Senator had an introduction at the
White House in preference to a member of the
House. But does the member of the House
have any the less influence when he reaches
the ear of the President, than the member of
the Senate,who preceded him a few minutes
ill his introduction?
- Mr. CONNESS. That depends on circum-
stances entirely.
Mr. GRIMES. In this case it will depend
entirely on the character of the man who is
sent and the character of the country that
stands behind him, and not on the rank or the
pav that we bestow upon him.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the American minister
resident is incited to dinner and an envoy ex-
traordinary and minister plenipotentiary from
some little German State should be invited
also, that envoy extraordinary wxrald take pre-
. eedsnce. On account of that misfortune, lam
perfectly willing to give the higher title.
Mr. CLARK. Would ho not have the same
dinner?
Mr. SHERMAN. He might have the same
dinner, but he would have to tag at the end of
the line.
Mr. GRIMES. It seems that the upshot of
all this is that we are to make a new schedule
and a new grade, in order to enable a certain
"set of men to sit higher at table when they are
invited to dinner than tliey otherwise would.
That is the sum and substance of the whole
thing. It proceeds upon anything else than
the idea that should stimulate citizens in a
republican Government.
Mr. SCJMNER. I do not like to discuss
tilings forever that have been discussed so
often ; I have said so much on this matter that
I feel ashamed to add another word; and yet,
as the Senator from Iowa returns to the assault,
perhaps I may return to the defense.
I tried to show last evening that in introdu-
cing this proposition I was simply acting on
the practice of this Government in other re-
spects, and upon the practice of mankind uni-
versally, everywhere; and my friend from Ohio
[Mr. Wade] reminds me that the argument
of the Senator from Iowa, a few days ago, was
one of the strongest illustrations of what I
said. Efe induced the Senate to agree to ap-
point a *ew Assistant Secretary of the Navy
merely to allow the actual Assistant Secretary
to go abroad because his presence could give
a little more £elat to a certain service. That
is his argument, and' under his argument,
yielding to its pressure, we appointed a new
functionary in the Department of the Navy.
Now, if I can have the attention of the Sen-
ator from Iowa for one moment, I wish to put
to him a practical question. If he had im-
portant business, say with the mayor of New
York, which he wished to present in the best
way possible, I have no doubt my friend would
count naturally upon his own character, and
justly ; he would believe that any agent of his
presenting himself to the mayor of New York
would be well received ; ho doubtless would bo
well received ; but if, for instance, there were
two persons whose services he might employ,
one with the rank of general and the other with
the rank of colonel, each equal, perhaps, in
abilities and in fitness, I have no doubt that
my friend, who will not listen to mo, however,
while I am addressing him'——
Mr. GRIMES. I am all attention.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Senators,
according to the rules, must address the Chair.
Mr. SUMNER. I have no doubt my friend
would select for his service the general rather
than the colonel. lie knows enough of human
nature to know that the general, on his arrival,
would have a prompter reception than the
colonel. It is useless to say in reply that
behind the agent is the same personage. I
assume all that, but I wish to secure to that
same personage the best reception possible,
and the highest facilities for his representative
when he arrives at his destination. I wish now
to secure the same tiling for ray country, and
I believe—I do not like to bring .my own per-
sonal testimony into a matter like this—but I
believe, according to such opportunities of
observation as I have had, now running over
a considerable period of my life, that the in-
terests of the country would be promoted by
this change. I believe that business would
be facilitated and opportunities of influence
afforded.
I make no allusion to such topics as have
been playfully introduced into this discussion ;
it is a matter of comparative indifference what
place a man may have at a dinner table ; but
I do wish to secure facilities in business and
respect for the representatives of my country
to the largest degree possible.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.' Cowan, Craftin, Dixon, Foster.
Guthrie, Harris, Henderson, Johnson, Morgan, Nor-
ton, l'omcroy, Sherman, Sprayue, Sumner, Wade,
Williams, Wilson, and Yates—18.
KAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Chandler, Clark. Davis,
Edmunds, Fcssendcn, Grimes, Hendricks, Howard,
Howe, Kirkwood, Iv.ne of Indiana, Ramsey, Riddle,
Tniinlmll. and Willcy—10.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Conness, Cres-
well, Doolittlc, Lane of Kansas, MeDou2:all, Mori ill,
N(smith, Nye, Poland, Saulshury, Stewart, Van
Winkle, and Wright—15.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I move an amendment
on page 2, line twenty-nine of section one, to
strike -out the word "eighty" and insert
"fifty."
Mr. JtOHNSON. Does that reduce the
amount of the secret service fund? Let it be
read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to strike out "eighty" and insert "fifty;"
so that the clause will read:
For contingent expenses of foreign intercourse,
$50,000.
Mr. BUCKALEW. This covers the secret
service fund.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish the Senator would
be good enough to give some reason for the
change. If he has any facts to present I should
like to hear them.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, this is
a time of peace, and an extraordinary appro-
priation which was proper during the war I
suppose is no longer necessary. That is my
only reason for moving the amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In looking at the appro-
priation for the fiscal year 18G0-GI, which was
the last year before the war, I notice that the
appropriation for contingent expenses of for-
eign intercourse was $40,-000. In this bill it
is $80,000. The Senator from Pennsylvania,
asl understand him, movesto strike out §80,000
and insert $50,000, making the appropriation
$10,000 more than it was before the war. My
attention has been called to this appopriation
and also to the appropriation immediately
before it, " for contingent expenses of all the
missions abroad, $60,000." The appropria-
tion " for contingent expenses of all the mis-
sions abroad" for the fiscal year 1860-01 was
$20,000. It is three times as much now. I
do not know that the increase is not right; but
it seems to me the explanation should come
from those who treble the expenses for inci-
dental expenses as they existed before the war.
It is doubled with ref.rence to the appropriation
which the Senator from Pennsylvaniahasmoved
to reduce, and it is trebled in reference to the
other one. Unless there is some explanation
showing why it is necessary to have three times
as large a contingent foreign mission fund now
as there was in 18G1, and twice as large a fund
for contingent expenses of foreigVintercourse,
I shall be inclined to vote for the amendment
of the Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Illi-
nois has very frankly told us that he has no
facts on the question; that he knows nothing,
in short, about it, and that he really knows no
reason for the reduction proposed. How does
the case stand ? Here is a bill which has come,
in the first place, from the House of Repre-
sentatives, where it was considered after hav-
ing been reported by the proper committee
there. When reported there it was founded
upon estimates which I presume that com-
mittee had carefully considered. I know some-
thing of its habits of business, and I presume
those estimates were carefully gone over. The
bill then came to the Senate, and was referred
to the Committee on Finance. To what extent
they considered these items, which had already
been considered bythc committee_of the other
House, I have no means of knowing. I have
not, the honor of being a member of that com-
mittee. I presume, however, they were, to a
certain extent, considered, or at least there is
a habit on the part of our committee to rec-
ognize, to a certain extent, the labors of the
kindred committee in the other House. And
now the question is whether we here, having
no knowledge on the subject, shall presume
to open this appropriation which has a,lread^
passed the House on the recommendation of
the committee of that body having it properly
in charge. 1 am free to say I have no special
information on the subject; my attention has
not been called to it. I did not imagine that
there would bo any proposal to change one of
those estimates. I have made no inquiry at
the Department of State on the subject, nor
have I received any communication.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is this larger than the
sum appropriated during the last three or four
years ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The same as it was
last year.
Mr. SUMNER. I supposed it was about
the same.
Mr. FESSENDEN. One argument of the
Senator from Massachusetts I was particularly
struck with ; that is that this matter/had been "
considered by the committee of the other
House. Well, the committee of the House
considered very carcfully the second section
on a request made by the Department. The
Department had given its reasons for that sec-
tion, stated the necessity for it, and the com-
mittee of the House had considered it very
carefully and put in the second section: but
the Senate has struck it out on the idea that
by and by we can change the Department of
the Attorney General. I take it for granted
that the honorable chairman of the Committee
on the Judiciary will feel bound now to bring
in a bill in which that matter will he all ar-
ranged, because that was what he predicated
his motion upon. We are therefore in the
habit sometimes of not being^ governed by the
House when it advises a thing, even if it is
indorsed by a committee of this body. _
Now, sir, with reference^to these two items,
it is a fact unquestionably, as stated by my
honorable friend from Illinois, that before the
