1866.
THE .GOMGBESSIOML GLOBE.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I move that the
bill and amendments be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
JU1SATK Or ABSENCE.
On motion of Mr. FARQUHAR, leave of
absence was granted to Mr. Dcjmont for two
weeks from Friday last.
RECONSTRUCTION TESTIMONY REPORTED.
Mr. CONKLING. I rise to a privileged
question.. The joint committee on reconstruc-
tion, which is authorized to report at any time,
have directed me to report to the House the
testimony taken by them in relation to the States
of Virginia, North Carolina, and South Caro-
lina. The testimony taken by that committee
has already been ordered to be printed.
Mr. ELD1UDGE. Is it in order to call for
the reading of what has just been reported?
The SPEAKER. It is not, as there is no
motion pending. The order to print this testi-
mony was made some time ago.
Mr. CONKLING. I am sorry the gentle-
man from Wisconsin [Mr. Elduxogb] should
bedisappointed as there is some very good read-
ing in this testimony.
Mr. ROSS. Would it be in order to move
to add two more members to this reconstruc-
tion committee according to the decision of the
Chair yesterday?
The SPEAKER. It would bo by unanimous
consent.
Mr. CONKLING. Is there any hope that
we can have the benefit of the services of the
gentleman" from Illinois [Mr. Ross] on that
committee ?
Mr. ROSS. I do not want to serve on it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Ross J spoke of the decision of the
Chair on yesterday in reference to adding two
members to a select committee. That was
done on yesterday by order of the House, not.
by any action of the Chair.
Mr. SCHENCK. The order which was made
about printing extra copies of the testimony
taken by the joint committee on reconstruction
was based upon a resolution which T introduced
relating to the reports already made. 1 doubt
whether a reference to t.ho Journal will show
that that order includes the testimony just re-
ported by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
CO\tKT.ixc,.]
Mr. CONKLING. The Chair will very likely
remember, if the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schexck] does not, that when the resolution
was reported from the committee I myself
asked to have it amended so as to cover testi-
mony to be received thereafter.
Mr. LAFLIN. I desire to state to the House
that it certainly was not the intention of the
Committee on Printing, when they reported
that resolution, that it should apply to all the
reports that were yet to be made. Not even
after the resolution was amended was it so
understood. I may say here that the commit-
tee have been inquired of by the Superintend-
ent of Public Piinting upon this very point,
and the interpretation they put upon the order
was not of ihe character intimated. Neither
did we suppose, as my colleague [Mr. Coxk-
Lixa] has suggested, that his amendment was
for any such purpose.
Mr. CONKLING. What did it cover?
Mr. LAFLIN. I do not remember what it
did cover. 1 have seen the resolution as it
was sent tothe Superintendent of Public Print-
ing, and t certainly do not think it is suscep-
tible of that interpretation.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has sent for
the resolution, and when it is found it will be
read by the Clerk.
Mr. CONKLING-. In the mean time permit
me to say that at the very time that resolution
was reported from the Committee on Printing,
the testimony which I have just submitted to
the House was reported in every sense, but the
mere manual sense of handing it in to the Clerk
of the House. The testimony was all com-
pleted. was all ready to be handed in. and was
only delayed in deference to the Senator from
Michigan, [Mr. Howakd,] who was absent, as
I mentioned at the time the resolution was
adopted. After the action of the joint com-
mittee the testimony was in truth reported;
but the handing it in .to the House, and send-
ing it to the Public Printer was postponed
merely for the reason I have suggested.
Nevertheless, when the Committee on Print-
ing reported the resolution referred to, it oc-
curred to me that there might be some misap-
prehension about it; and I thereupon rose and
asked that the resolution be amended so as to
make it read, " the. testimony already pre-
sented, and that to be presented.".- Now, if
the chairman of the Committee on Printing
[Mr. Lafi.in] moans that that committee did
not understand the resolution as amended to
include testimony which might be taken there-
after, then 1 have no controversy with him at
this time upon that point. But it did include
that which in truth had been taken, and which
in point of form had been reported, and only
lacked its appearance here; there can be no
doubt of that, as my colleague will agree. If
so then there is no necessity for any question
at this time. If the question shall arise about
testimony taken hereafter, that question can
be decided when it comes up.
But the country certainly wants the testi-
mony printed, and wants this I have just re-
ported as much as it wants any of the testi-
mony.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
resolution as-adopted by the House.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Rcmlocd, That, twenty-five thousand extra copies
of each of thereportsof testimony taken by the joint
select committee oil reconstruction, togetherwith the
accompanying documents, be printed without covers
for the use of tho .House.
Mr. CONKLING. That is quite broad
enough. This is one " of the reports of testi-
mony taken by the joint select committee on
reconstruction."
Mr. LAFLIN. I suggest that that applies
only to such reports as had then been made.
1 know the question was thoroughly canvassed
in our committee whether the resolution applied
to reports yet to be made, and it was not so in-
tended. Most assuredly it would argue a very
great want of judgment on the part of the com-
mittee to report in favor of a certain number
of extra copies of testimony and reports which
did not then have an existence. Certainly that
was not our intention.
Mr. CONKLING. I would like to inquire
what became of the amendment which was
adopted.
The SPEAKER. The Chair i.s not certain
but what the suggestion of the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Uoxklixg] was made when
the resolution Was first introduced and referred
to the committee.
Mr. CONKLING. T think not.
The SPEAKER. The resolution as it now
appears has been read, strictly construed, it
would refer only to the reports which had then
been made.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I willj-nbmit amo-
tion, to go to the Committee on Printing, that
.twenty-five hundred copies of tho testimony
just presented be printed for the use of the
House.
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order.
It will be referred, under the law, to the Com-
mittee on printing.
Mr. CONKLING. I think that tho num-
ber of copies to be printed ought to be even
larger than I have named. I trost that the Com-
mittee on Printing \  ill be as liberal in reference
to printing this testimony as they can be in re-
gard to any inattei to be printed by this Con-
gress. If there is anything that it is desirable
shall go before the country it is this testimony.
Mr. SCHENCK. My object in calling at-
tention to this matter has been accomplished.
Mr. CONKLING. I propose to add to my
motion a provision that rhistestimony be printed
with that previously presented or in such a form
that the t.wo documents can go together.
The SPEAKER. Il' the other has already
been primed, this cannot, of course, bo printed
with it.. .The committee can report-as to .that.
The reference of'the motioii to print giVe^thetti
jurisdiction of everything delating to that iniat-
ter. .* " . -
Mr. ROSS. I desire to ask,: Mr. Spealcbr,
whether this motion to print caai he maae with-
out unanimous consent? • ■
The SPEAKER. It can. When a report
or any other document is presented to the
House, a motion to print extra" copies"-is in
order, and must go to the Committee of Piint'
ing under the law. ' • ' '' 1
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL. '
Mr. STEVENS. I am directed to report
back from the Committee on Appropriations
Senate amendments to the uavalfcppropriation
bill. I desire that the House shall consider
them now.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Have these
amendments been printed?
The SPEAKER. They have not.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I believe
there is quite a larj^e number of amendments.
I hope my friend irom Pennsylvania will not
press their consideration until they are printed.
Mr. STEVENS. The amendments are very-
few.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have
looked over them, and it seemed to me that
they were quite important, involving large
amounts of money. As we are in no particular
hurry so far as these appropriation bills- are
concerned, I submit to my friend that we had
bettor in all these cases have the report of the
Committee on Appropriations printed, show-
ing by numbers the Senate amendments in
which the committee recommend concurrence,
and those in which they recommend non-con-
currence. Tho gentleman from Pennsylvania
knows that I would not interpose any objection
for the purpose of delaying unnecessarily any
of these measures.
Mr. ST EVENS. My reason for desiring the
consideration of these amendments at the pres-
ent time was that several gentlemen who must
go away this afternoon have a deep interest in
this bill. However, I will say to those gentle-
men that I will not ask the House to consider
this subject till they have returned. I do not
myself like to consider amendments of this sort
without having them printed.
I move, therefore, that the consideration of
these amendments be postponed and made the
special order for next Wednesday week, im-
mediately after the morning hour.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suggest
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations, as
there seems to be no business particularly
pressing upon the House, that we proceed to
call committees for reports and go right through
with them.
Mr. JENCKES. I object to that. The
bankrupt bill has been made the special order
for to-day. and I demand its consideration.
The SPEAKER. There is only one appro-
priation bill now before the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union—the Indian
appropriation bill.
BANKRUPT BILL.
The House then proceeded to the considera-
tion of the special order, beingf House bill No.
7, to establish a uniform system of bankruptcy
throughout the United States ; the pending
amendment being that of Mr. Rogers to the
fourteenth section.
Mr. ROGERS. I will so modify my amend-
ment as to move to strike out''six" and insert
1' three' so that it will read:
That as soon as said assignee is appointed and quali-
fied the judge, or, where there is no opposing-inter-
est. tho register, shall, by an instrument-under his
hand a«sien and convoy to the assignee all tho estate,
real and personal, of the [debtorj bankrupt, with all
his deeds, books, and papers relating thereto, and
such assignment shall relate back to the commence-
ment of said proceedings in bankruptcy, and there-
upon, hi* operation of law, all .--udi property and es-
tate, both real and personal, shall vestinsuid assignee,
altbousrh the same is then attached on mesne process
as tho property of the debtor-, and shall dissolv e any
