1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3605
The Clerk read as follows:
On parchment and vellum, forty per cent, ad va-
lorc.n, „
On shoes and boots of all kinds, and all mamiiac-
tures of leather, not herein otherwise provided for,
forty per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. O'NEILL. I move to acid the following:
On goat or sheep skins, colored or finished, forty per
cent, ad valorem.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope by unanimous con-
sent the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr..
Alley] will be allowed to withdraw his amend-
ment.
Mr. ALLEY. It should read, "shipment
from foreign ports."
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I hope
the amendment will not be adopted. I wanted
to make an amendment to that when it was up
before.
Mr. ALLEY. Tf the committee will allow
me, I will explain what I meant. By the ex-
isting law goods coming from the Cape of Good
Hope by the way of London or Liverpool, or
any other foreign port, are charged ten per
cent, acl valorem, and there are a great many
goods that are shipped to this country in that
way. 'Now, it is to obviate that difficulty that
I have offered the amendment. I supposed the
word "foreign" was in it. If it reads "from
any foreign port," it will read right.
Mr. THAYER. The word " importation"
in the beginning of the section implies the same
thing as the word foreign.
Mr. ALLISON. _ I object to going back
unless we can consider the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The pending amend-
ment is the one offered by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. O'Neill.]
Mr. "MORRILL. I object to the amendment,
because goat-skins are already provided for at
a different rate elsewhere, and if the amend-
ment is adopted it will present the anomaly of
two different rates for the same article.
The amendment of Mr. O'Neill was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. O'NEILL. I have another amendment,
as follows :
On raw goat-skins in the hair, from any foreign
port of shipment, five per cent, ad valorem.
I merely wish to say a word._ I offered an
amendment some time ago which was ambig-
uous in its language. This is to confine it to
any foreign port of shipment, so that Amer-
ican manufacturers can have the advantage
which foreign manufacturers now have. This
gives to the American manufacturer the oppor-
tunity of making up morocco from the skins
instead? of buying it from abroad.
Mr. MORRILL. I have no objection to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That, in lieu of
the duties heretofore imposed by law on llio impor-
tation of the articles hereinafter mentioned, thorn
shall be levied, collected, and paid the following
duties and rates of duty, that is to say :
On artificial floweis, fifty per cent, ad valorem:
Provided, That artificial flowers when composed
wholly or in part of silk shall be subject, m addition
to the foregoing rate, to a duty of twenty-five per
cent, ad valorem.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to_ strike out the
last paragraph and insert in lieu thereof the
following :
On artificial flowers when imported in roses, buds,
leaves, and grasses, in gross fifty per cent, advaioreni;
when imported in bunches or wreaths consisting oi
flowers, buds, leaves, and grasses combined, ready
for sale and use, sixty per cent, ad valorem; when
made wholly or in part of silk, seventy-five per cent.
ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
On buttons." pearl, fifty per cent, ad valorem .■ on
buttons of all other descriptions, not herein other-
wise provided for, forty per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to add the follow-
ing:
On blacking for shoes and hoots, forty per cent.
ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed'to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On Britannia and pewter ware, forty-five per cent.
On cobalt and oxide of cobalt, thirty per cent, ad
valorem.
Mr. HOGAN. I move to amend by striking
out " thirty" and inserting " forty." I do not
think it necessary to say anything in reference
to this. Cobalt is a product of our western
country. It is found nowhere else in the Uni-
ted States. I think we ought to advance the
rate of duty upon it so as to enable us to manu-
facture it. There are other countries that pro-
duce it. '
Mr. MORRILL. No objection.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. J. L. UHOMAS. I move to add the
following:
On bichromate of potash, four and a half cents per
pound.
The present duty is three cents per pound.
The ore out of which it is made is found in
Maryland in great quantities, and that is about
the only State where it is produced. _ It is used
to fix colors to dyes. It is a very important
branch of industry in our State, and one that
needs protection. I hope the committee will
accept it.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, the com-
mittee will remember that ill the progress of
the internal revenue bill we took off all tax
upon this article, which is essentially a raw
material and enters into various other manu-
factures. If the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
J. L. Thomas] will be content with an increase
from three to three and one half cents, I will
not object; otherwise I hope the proposition
will be voted down.
Mr. J. L. THOMAS. TVill the gentleman
from the Committee of Ways and Means agree
to four cents'?
Mr. MORRILL. No; not more than three
and one half cents.
Mr. J. L. THOMAS. I cannot agree to
that.
The question was put on the amendment;
and there were—ayes 12, noes 18; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. J. L.
Thomas and Gabfield were appointed.
Mr. J. L. THOMAS. I withdraw my amend-
ment, and move to make the duty three and
a half cents.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On corktree, bark of, unmanufactured, twenty per
cent, ad valorem,
Mr. RADFORD. I move that the commit-
tee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Scofield re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
under consideration bill of the House No. 718,
to provide increased revenue from imports, and
for other purposes, and had come to no resolu-
tion thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. RADFORD, (at
.ten o'clock and five minutes p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &e„ were presented under
the rule and referred to tlie appropriate committees.
Ey Mr. HAltDING, of Illinois: The petition of
people of Warren county, Missouri, for a bridge at
Quincy, Illinois. .
By Mr. MILLER: The petition of sundry citizens
of Mifflintown, Pennsylvania, for amending the
tariff so as to protect labor to the extent of the dif-
ference of the cost of capital and labor here ana
abroad, with the addition of the taxes paid hy Ameri-
can industrial products from which the foreign are
^ify Mr O'NEILL: The petition of morocco manu-
facturers of the city of Philadelphia, asking that the
tariff act maybe so amended as to protect their man-
ufacturing interest. .
By Mr. PHELPS: The memorial of George Vf.
Graves and John Creamer, claiming compensation
for loss of schooner Fanny Davis.
By Mr. SCHEIS CK: The memorial of C. Parker,
of Ohio, the "dusty philosopher." on Government
abuses generally, whisky prohibition, negro equal-
ity. and pardons before conviction, with a postscript
injuring for a site for a grist-mill for himself and
lnBv°MrniTPSOJ{: The petition of members of the
first Michigan cavalry, praying for further compen-
sation and relief.
IN SENATE.
Friday, July 6, 1866.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
On motion of Mr. STEWART, and by unan-
imous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. HARRIS presented the petition of Me-
Clure & Miller, of Albany, praying that Solo-
mon P. Smith may be allowed arrears of pen-
sion ; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of Bre-
vet Brigadier General Ward B. Burnett, pray-
ing that he may be allowed arrearages of pen-
sion from the 4th of March, 1863, to March 4,
1866; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
reports of committees.
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred a
"bill (H. R. No. 559) to authorize the exten-
sion, construction, and use by the Baltimore
and Ohio Railroad Company of a railroad from
between Knoxville and the Monoeacy Junction
into and within the District of Columbia, re-
ported it without amendment.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred a bill (H. R. No. 517)
for the relief of Liston H. Pearce, reported it
without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (H. R. No. 605) for the
relief of William H.Wheeler, ofBangor, Maine,
reported it with an amendment.
Mr. WILSON. The Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred
a bill (II. R. No. 540) in relation to claims for
horses turned over to the Government, have
instructed me to report it adversely. I move""
that the bill be indefinitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, from the same committee, to
whom was referred a bill (H. R. No. G02) to
equalize the bounties of soldiers, sailors, and
marines who served in the late war for the
Union, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. WADE. The select committee, to wliom
was referred the Senate resolution in reference
to the adjustment of the inequalities of com-
pensation allowed to the several officers and
employes of the two Houses of Congress, with
a view to the adjustment of the same in the
Senate, have had that matter under considera-
tion, and have directed me- to make a report
accompanied by a bill. I move that the report
be printed.
The motion to print the report was agreed
to; and the bill (S. No. 411) to equalize the
compensation of officers, clerks, messengers,
and others in the service of the Senate, with
those of the House of Representatives, was
read and passed to a second reading.
Mr. WADE, from the Committees on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred a
bill (S. No. 393) to incorporate the Metropoli-
tan Club of the District of Columbia, reported
it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a hill (H. R. No. 726) to extend
to certain persons the privilege of admission,
in certain cases, to the United States Govern-
ment asylums for the insane, reported it with '
amendments,
retrenchment committee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am instructed by the
Committee on Commerce, to whom was re-
ferred the resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives, providing for the appointment of
a joint committee on the subject of retrench-
in<* the expenses and correcting the abuses in
the civil service of the Government, to report
it back with the recommendation of the com-
mittee that the Senate concur therein ; and I
ask for the present consideration of the reso-
lution inasmuch as I presume there will be no
objection to it. It is not of course a resolu-
tion out of which any great results can be ex-
