.2646
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
war tSie appropriation for one of these contin-
gencies was $20,000, and lor the other, $40,000.
When the war came on it was represented,
undoubtedly with truth, (I had something to
do with raising these items,) that necessarily
iu lime of war the communications abroad
woidd be very great and very frequent, and
that there would be a great many occasions
when money must be spent; and I took the
responsibility of advising that these estimates
be raised for that reason. Now, I have taken
a little pains to inquire what this means. The
first provision is for the ordinary expenses of
our missions—postages and little items of
expense.
Mr. SUMNER. Sending the dispatcli-bag.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is a considerable
expense, but much less than it used to be, be-
cause the Department used to send special
agents with those bags, but now they go by
mail. That item of expense, as Mr. Hunter
informed me this morning, is reduced instead
of being enlarged. I took pains to inquire
why this large appropriation should be kept
up and I could not get any advice on that sub-
ject at the Department of State. The Secre-
tary is not there. Mr. Hunter, who commu-
nicated very freely, said the money had been
spent very carefully and cautiously under both
these items of appropriation. The first item
of $60,000 is conimed to the ordinary expenses
of our missions abroad; I suppose arrange-
ments about books sent out, and things of that
sort—I do not know what exactly. I cannot
for the life of me understand why, if our mis-
sions abroad have not been increased largely,
now that we have got back to a time of peace
what used to cost $20,000 should now cost
$60,000. I feci bound to say that I cannot
understand why it should be.
_ W ith regard to the $80,000 item, the prin-
cipal portion of it is for secret service. D.ur-
ing the war they were obliged to have a great
many agents in reference to blockade-running.
That is all at an end. They were obliged to
employ a good many spies ; they were obliged
to send messengers in different directions; and
that made the expense large. I take it also
that, as seems to- be customary now the way
the affairs of the world are conducted, some-
thing was spent to pay men for writing articles
on our side in foreign newspapers. Then spe-
cial agents were sent out ; Bishop Hughes
went once, Thurlow Weed went once, and
divers other gentlemen.
Mr. JOHNSON. Counstsl were sent out—
Mr. Evarts, for example.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, counsel were sent
out to attend to some matters. That was
during the war when questions arose which
rendered these expenses necessary. I confess
that I cannot understand, now that we have got
back to a time of peace, why those expenses
should be continued which were then repre-
sented to be necessary on account of the war,
and which undoubtedly were. True, some-
thing may be required with reference to our
troubles on the border, though those are prin-
cipally revenue matters; with regard to our
fishery difficulties there may be some special
agents required, and also with regard to Mex-
ican affairs. But when the main matter which
increased the expenses so largely has been
disposed of, I cannot see for myself why it is
necessary to continue such large appropriations
for these items. At the same time I confess
that I have been unable to get any specific
information on the subject why it should be
so, because the Secretary himself is absent
from the city.
As to the estimates acted upon by the House
of Representatives, I suppose they were sub-
mitted to the Committee on Appropriations
there just as they were to our committee here.
I was not present when the committee acted
on this bili: but 1 take it for granted they
looked at these items and then at the estimates.
They saw that the estimates «atne in, $00,000
and $80,000. They did net know why, and
they passed the $GU,000 and the $80,000. This
is all the information we had.
Mr. GRIMES. .1 suppose it was made up
from the bill of last year.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, the amount appro-
priated last year was taken instead of going
back to the year before the war.
Mr. COWAN. I suppose there is no mode
by which anybody can ascertain the disposition
made of this fund. I suppose it is not intended
that there should be.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose there is no
committee, except perhaps the committee of
the other House on the expenditure of the
State Department, that could look into it. I
was told by Mr. Hunter—and I have no doubt
it is true—that the money we have appropriated
heretofore for these purposes has been expended
economically and carefully under the direction
of the President. I have no doubt that what-
ever we appropriate now will be so expended.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose we could as-
certain how it is expended except the secret
service money; the other contingencies are
reported.
Mr. COWAN. The secret service money is
what I referred to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is never inquired
into. That is only a part of this appropriation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It would undoubtedly
be laid open to a committee of Congress, if a
committee should inquire into it, but I do not
think there is any necessity for that. The
money is undoubtedly properly spent. What-
ever complaints may be made in regard to the
Secretary of State in other particulars, or in
any particular by anybody, no one, certainly,
pretends that he is a dishonest man in regard
to money.
Mr. JOHNSON. Does the honorable mem-
ber understand that the whole of these appro-
priations have to be expended ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no information
on the subject. There has been no call for a
deficiency at any rate. The fact stands before
us, that in the year 1860-61, before the war,
$20,000 and $40,000 were the appropriations
that were deemed necessary for these expenses.
Wo have got through with the extraordinary
expenses of the war, and now, in time of peace,
the estimates I hat come in for this service are
just the war estimates. It is for the Senate to
judge whether they will continue them or not.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Pennsylvania.
' The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think upon the same
principle we had better reduce the $60,000
item, which is just, three times what it was in
18G0-G1: it was $20,000. I will move now to
reduce it one half, to $30,000. I move to
strike out •' sixty" and insert " thirty'! inline
twenty-seven of sectio-n one.
Mr. JOHNSON. Perhaps that dotjs not
stand on the same footing with the other. The
other was the secret service fund, wasit not?
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is "for the con-
tingent expenses of all the missions abroad,
$60,000." In 1800-01 the appropriation was
"for contingent expenses of all the missions
abroad, $20,000."
Mr. JOHNSON. I was about to say that I
suppose none of the missions abroad have been
diminished. There are just as many now as
there were before, and that appropriation was
necessary to meet them abroad.
Mr. CONNESS. Only duiingthe war.
Mr. JOHNSON. They arc all there now.
Mr. CONNESS. They were all there during
the war.
Mr. JOHNSON. They have not been
diminished that I know of; and that estimate
was an estimate to meet the contingent ex-
penses of the missions which were abroad;
#and it would not be advisable, perhaps, to
reduce it now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Twenty thousand dollars
answered before the war. The expenses were
put up in consequence of the war and in conse-
quence of the difficulty of communicating, as I
mission of dispatches. Now, no reason is given
for increasing this item to $60,000. The chair-
man of the committee gives no reason for in-
creasing it from $20,000 to $60,000. I thiuk it
would be safe to put it at 830,000. I admit it is
doing it very much at random, and I would not
vote to reduce it at all if anybody could give a
reason why it should be $60,000; but it seems
to me if $20,000 answered before the war,
$30,000 will do now.
Mr. JOHNSON. The chairman of the com-
mittee of course knows nothing but what he
collects from the estimates. I suppose that
when the State Department estimated $60,000
as necessary to meet expenses of this descrip-
tion, it was only because they knew that it
would be required, and I think it would be
perhaps hazardous to strike it down one half
now without any information that the estimate
made by the Secretary is an extravagant one.
Mr. SUMNER. It seems to me it is a leap
in the dark. I do not think wc should take it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is incumbent on the
Senator from Massachusetts to show why it
is increased, not for ns to show why it should
be diminished. Let him show the necessity for
the increase; it is an affirmative proposition;
and that is not shown; but then I only wish to
say in regard to it, that if wo reduce this item
to $30,000 it will bring attention to it; the bill
has to go back to the House of Representa-
tives, and if any information comes in showing
it to be necessary 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can now give my
friend a little information on the subject. My
clerk has taken the pains to go back to 1851 to
find out the appropriations annually. In 1851
the appropriation for the contingent expenses
of all the missions abroad was $40,000. So it
went along. In 1854 there were two appropri-
ations, both amounting to $82,000; in 1856,
$96,000; in 1857, $75,000; in 1858, $75,000
in 1859, $50,000; in 1860, $50,000; and in
1861, $20,000; and then it went up to $40,000,
$50,000, and $60,000. - If we put it now at
$60,000, it is not so high as it was in 1857 and
1858; but I presume there was included, prob-
ably, in some of these appropriations the loss
by exchange. For contingent expenses of for-
eign intercourse the appropriation was $60,000,
from the year 1856 down to 1860 inclusive. In
1861 it was reduced to $40,000, and in 1862
it was $40,000. In 18C3 it was put up to
$100,000; that was on my motion; and since
then it has been $80,000.
This shows that the year 1860-61 was an ex-
ceptional year, for what reason I do not know.
I think, therefore, that it would not be safe
under the circumstances to go below $40,000
in this particular clause, and perhaps we ought
not to go below $60,000 in the clause which my
friend from Pennsylvania moved to reduce to
$50,000.
Several Senators, (to Mr. Thumb ull.) Say
340,000.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will modify my amend-
ment, and move to strike out "sixty" and in-
sert "forty;" so as to make this appropriation'
,$40,000.
Mr. SUMNER. Again I say the Senator
leaps in the dark. He does not know why he
reduces it to $40,000. The Senator from Maine
has already given us estimates for preceding
years showing that sometimes it has gone even
above the estimates for this year. The estimate
before us is one that has been supplied to the
committee in the other House from the Depart-
ment. They had a reason for it. We do not
know what the reason is. I am not informed
of it. My attention has not been directed to
this subject. Had it been, I should have looked
into it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 would suggest to the
Senator from Pennsylvania whether he had not
better raise the other item, which he moved to
strike down, to $60,000 instead of $50,000.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Xmove, then, to recon-
sider the vote adopting my amendment.
The motion to reconsider was rejected; there
being, on a division—avea 9, noes 18. -
