3600
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6,
pected now to flow; bat it provides for the
only means the representatives of the people
have to inquire into the abuses which in the
course of time creep into the administration
of the civil service of the Government. While
I do not expect from it myself any great ad-
vantages to the people, I think that it will be
useful to a very considerable degree.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution will be read for information.
The Secretary read the resolution.
Mr. CLARK. I do not know that I have
particular objection to the passage of the reso-
lution ; but I think it had better lie over for
consideration. The power given to sit inthe
recess and send for persons and papers is a
very broad one, and perhaps there had better
be a little consideration in regard to it. It had
better lie over until to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made to its present consideration, the
resolution lies over until to-morrow under the
rule.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. HARRIS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
410) for the relief of Solomon P. Smith ; which
was read twice by its title and referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
ALOIS KLAUS.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of bill No. 164.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 164) for the relief of
Alois Klaus. It directs the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to Alois Klaus the sum of
$32 90, in full payment for moneys paid by him
for transportation, and due to him for rations,
while in the military service of the United
States.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
committee cleiiks.
Mr. SPRAG-UE. I move to take up for con-
sideration the resolution which was offered by
me some days since continuing throughout the
year the clerk, of the Committee on Military
Affairs, and the clerk of the Committee on the
District of Columbia. I will state that the ob-
ject of this resolution is to put those two clerks
on the same footing as the clerk of the Com-
mittee on Printing and one or two other of the
committee clerks .of the Senate. The reason
for this arises from the impossibility of getting
clerks properly qualified, for the pay which the
law provides for a committee clerk during the
three months of the short session and the six
or seven mouths of the long session.
When I introduced the resolution the other
day the Senator from Iowa [Mr. Grimes] sug-
gested that it should be referred to the select
committee which was appointed to consider
the compensation of the employes of the Sen-
ate. I did not then have an opportunity to
state to him that the reason why that course
was not deemed proper to be pursued was that
tl-^ chairman of that committee was in favor
of this measure. Upon subsequent inquiry I
ascertained that the object of the appointment
of that committee was to equalize the pay of
the clerks and other officers of the Senate with
that of similar officers of the House of Repre-
sentatives, and not to adjust the relative com-
pensation of the various clerks in the Senate
or the various committee clerks of the Senate
' to each other.
It is well known that the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs have vast amounts of business, not
only during the sessions of Congress, but in the
intervals. It is known to every member of that
committee that the investigations necessary for
perfect legislation on military subjects require
most incessaut work and high talents. That
committee has now. a clerk of that character.
It is desirable, in order to obtain as perfect
legislation as can be secured, that the business
which comes before the committee shall have
the revision of a competent hand. The indi-
vidual who now occupies that post has had an
experience of one or two years in the War
Department, and is efficient in such a way that
when matters are brought before the commit-
tee time is. saved and more perfect legislation
obtained. It is well known that in all the
Executive Departments competent clerks are
continued, and that the pay of the common-
est is $1,200 a year; and here, where it should
require the greatest care, and where there
. should lie brought to the consideration of tlie
committees all the information possible, the
pay is interrupted by the expiration of the ses-
sion, and important committees are obliged to
procure clerks with the small pay that the per
diem for the broken session of Congress allows.
The question arises whether if we pass this
resolution there will not then be left other
committees of the Senate who will have clerks
not receiving the pay allowed to the clerk of
the Committee on Military Affairs and the clerk
of the Committee on the District of Columbia.
That suggestion, however, is answered by the
fact that there are committees in the Senate
who do not require this order of talent and
who have no business to be attended to during
the intervals between the sessions of Congress.
I therefore submit the question to the Senate
and ask for favorable consideration on the res-
olution I have proposed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, Will the Senate proceed to the consid-
eration of the resolution the substance of which
has been stated by the Senator from Rhode
Island?
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolution:
Resolved, That the annual compensation of the
clerks of the Committees on Military Affairs and the
Militia and tho District of Columbia shall hereafter
be the same as that of the clerks of the Committees
on Finance, Printing, and Claims, commencing July
1,1860.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to inquire
what is the compensation of the clerk ot the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The compensation of com-
mittee clerks now is six dollars a day.
Mr. JOHNSON. For the year?
Mr. SPRAGUE. No, sir; for the session;
but the clerks named in the resolution are paid
all the year round.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have no objection to the
resolution, but I think it should be more com-
prehensive, and that some committee should,
consider it in order that we may know whether
other committer clerks ought not to be em-
braced in this resolution. It is very likely that
there 'are other committee clerks quite as de-
serving of this increased compensation as those
who are named in tho resolution. I do not
oppose it, but I hope we shall not act upon it
until we include all the cases that probably
may require this kind of legislation. Perhaps
it would be as well to refer it to one of the
committees—1 suggest the Committee on Con-
tingent Expenses—and let them report what
other clerks of committees should also be em-
braced in this enlargement of compensation.
Mr. GRIMES. As I understand it, the clerk
of the Committee on Finance now receives a
compensation of $1,850 a year. The clerks
of the two committees named in this resolu-
tion receive each six dollars a day during the
time they are employed. The one has an an-
nual salary, and the others are paid for the
services that they render. The effect of this
proposition would be to make the clerks- of
these two committees permanent officers, and
to pay them every alternate year for nine months
when they are performing no service. When-
ever any resolution of this kind has hitherto
been introduced it has always been referred
to some fcommittee. I do not know of any
reason why we should single out these two par-
ticular clerks, making an invidious distinction
between them and the other clerks "at this time,
without such a reference, without having the
matter properly investigated by some commit-
tee. I hope, therefore, that the motion of the
Senator from Minnesota will prevail.
Mr. SHERMAN. Two of the clerks of com-
mittees of the House and the Senate now re-
ceive an annual salary instead of a per diem
allowance.
Mr." FESSENDEN. Three of the Senate:
the clerks to the Committees on Claims, Fi-
nance, and Printing.
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not know that the
clerk of the Committee on Claims was included.
The clerk of the Committee on Printing receives
it because he is required during the vacation to
make out certain indexes and records, the pre-
cise character of which I cannot state.
Mr. GRTMES. Indexing the laws.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am told that he is a very
competent person, and during the vacation he
is employed in performing the duties that be-
long to that committee, making up indexes, &c.
The clerks of the Committees on Finance of
the Senate and Ways and Means of the House
it seems to me ought to be salaried officers, be-
cause they have to prepare to some consider-
able extent for the discharge of their duties.
An inexperienced man would cause delay and
trouhle. I think the clerks of those two com-
mittees ought to be salaried officers. They
should be men of considerable ability in that
line, and ought to have great familiarity with
the various laws relating to appropriations, and
ought to be able to frame the appropriation
bills. Those clerks have to perform the work
of framing most of the bills. As to whether
this compensation should be extended further
than that is a matter that I cannot judge upon.
The clerk of the Committee on Claims must
necessarily make digests, and must have a great
deal of manual labor to perform.
Mr. CLARK. He has been paid an annual
salary for many years.
Mr. SHERMAN. Perhaps the Military Com-
mittee ought to have a salaried clerk. I do n t
think there is anything lost by keeping these
necessary officers and having them fairly paid.
Most of the officers employed in the Senate are
paid an annual salary. The clerks who per-
form their duties at the desk, receive an annual
salary, although their duties are only performed
a portion of the year; and so with many of the
messengers and with many of the officers of
the Senate. I think nothing is lost if we keep
experienced men in office, because they are
then ready to discharge their duties promptly,
and generally with great fidelity. The longer
they are kept the better they are. If there is
any peculiar knowledge required by the clerk of
the Military Committee, and I should think there
should be, perhaps it would be well en'ough to
substitute a salaried officer for a mere clerk
with a per diem allowance. The duties of the
clerk of the Committee on Military Affairs dur-
ing the last three or four years must have been
very responsible and arduous. It would be
much better to pay an increased salary in order
to keep a competent man, a person- familiar
with the duties. If he is discharged at the end
of the session, and is compelled to seek other
employment, and if a new clerk has to be em-
ployed, it may be a very serious embarrassment
to the com mittee in the discharge of their duties.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, at the open-
ing of the war the then clerk of the Military
Committee was allowed.the sum proposed by
the resolution submitted by the Senator from
Rhode Island. He had been for many years
in the office and was very thoroughly posted
in military matters and matters pertaining to
the War Department; but, owing to causes not
connected with his office, he had to leave that
place, and it was with some difficulty that we
could obtain another man fit for the place.
We found one in the person of Mr. White, now
the editor of the Chicago Tribune, a gentleman
of rare intelligence and ability; but he was
only with us for a short time, and then we had
to find another. We have now a clerk who
has had a great deal of experience, having
been in the War Department for some time,
ne received th ere $ 1,800 a year, being a fourth-
class clerk, and having a very important posi-
tion. There are but few men in the service
anywhere who understand matters pertaining
