1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3607
to the War Department or military claims or
anything connected with the Army as well as
he does. He is our clerk now at a compensa-
tion of six dollars a day during the session.
When this session ends, of course his connec-
tion with the committee must end, because he
cannot afford to remain with us and be our
clerk at the next session for three months.
He would not get any compensation of any
account. lie is a very competent man. and I
believe will be a great loss to the committee;
at any rate, he certainly will be to me, for I do
not know where I can get a decent man who
can be with us any length of time for the pay
allowed. Gentlemen may come with us dur-
ing a long session and get some twelve or thir-
teen hundred dollars; but then for the three
months' session a clerk would got only five or
six hundred dollars a year. No man can afford
to come to us and stay for that. I should be
glad to have a permanent clerk for onr com-
mittee, and I believe it would be a saving to the
Government to have it, for we have an im-
mense number of eases eomingto us which the
clerk we now have either knows about or can
at once inform himself in regard to. I shall be
very glad to have the clerk of our committee
made a permanent clerk.
Mr. DAVIS. I suppose that clerks to some
of the committees are necessary; but many of
these clerks s.eem to have a double calling.
They are not only clerks of the committees, but
many of them are slanderers and libelers and
traducers of the members of Congress. If a
man is to be a clerk here, I do not think lie
ought to combine with it the character of a
daily and-liabitual libeler of members of Con-
gress and be supported from the public Treas-
ury.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator allow me
a single word?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. WILSON. I will say to the Senator
that the clerk of iny committee is in no way
connected with the press in any form what-
ever. He has no connection whatever witli
the press, and never had.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no objection whatever
to any committee having its necessary cleric;
but, although I am as impervious to the shafts
of such malignant slanderers as any living man,
I protest against a score or more of clerks be-
ing brought here and paid and supported by
the public Treasury when their particular voca-
tion is not to act as clerks to the committees
and to facilitate the committees in the trans-
action of their business, but to send off their
foul and false libels upon members of Con-
gress.
I shall not make any proposition in relation
to the resolution of the honorable Senator from
Rhode Island nor in connection with this sub-
ject ; but men who stickle for the freedom of
debate, and who are willing to assure to mem-
bers of Congress the perfect liberty of debate, at
any rate within legitimate and decent bounds,
ought not to billet upon the public Treasury a
set of infamous libelers and slanderers, the
principal business of some of whom is^ not to
act as clerks but to send forth their vile mis-
sives from tile Capitol in order to abuse the
public mind in relation to the sentiments and
the course of members of the Senate and House
of Representatives. Sometimes the missives of
these creatures meet my eye; it is not often that
they do, but some of them have done so; and
I know that that is the vocation of some of the
men who occupy positions as clerks in the
Departments and to the committees. Sir, if I
was the chairman of a committee, and had the
appointment of a clerk, if that clerk dared to
desecrate his position by uttering falsehood and
calumny, and endeavor to bring into contempt
and degradation the humblest member of this
Senate, I should immediately dismiss him, so
far as my action would have the effect, from
the service of the committee, and from thus
being billeted upon the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States for the purposes of traduction and
calumny.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask leave at this time
to make a report from a committee of con-
ference.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be
no objection the report will be received.
Mr. DAVIS. If the honorable Senator will
permit me, I wish to say a word in explanation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not mean in this denun-
ciation to include all the clerks of committees.
Some of them are gentlemen, modest, well-
behaved gentlemen, with whom it is my pride
to associate. They are clerks, and I am a
Senator; but I receive them upon the pale of
the equality of American citizens and Ameri-
can gentlemen. It is only those blackguards
and infamous libelers who indulge in the sort
of missives that I have alluded to that I in-
tended to include in any remarks I have made.
rXTERNAL TAXATION'.
Mr. FESSENDEN submitted the following
report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (II. It. No. 513; "to reduce internal taxation
and to amend an act entitled 'An act to provide in-
ternal revenue to support the Government, to pay
interest on the public debt, and for other purposes,5
approved June30,1864, and acts amendatory thereof,"
having met, after full aDd free conference have agreed
to recommend, and do recommend, to their respective
Houses as follows:
That, the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the amendments of the Senate
numbered 82, 58 , 59, 60, 80,109, 118,121, 136.150, 151,
197, 398, 215, 219, 221, 223, 225, 227, 23.i, 257, 259, 299,301,
S12, 317, 318, 324, 326, 319, 352, 331, 335, 362, 363, 368, 369,
379, 415, 416, 427, 428, 437, 447, 449, 450, 457, 40&, 472,476,
479, 480, 487, 509, 528, 532. 542, 652, 556, 557, 569, 592,6uS,
611, 612, 618, G3o, 649, 650, 652, 656, 653, and 659, and
agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their amendments to
the bill numbered 153, 155, 156, 162,163, 284, 285, 286,
287, 288, 292, 302,803,j>09, 315, 320, 322, 323, 357, 375, 377,
438, and 475.
That the IIou^c recede from their disagreement to
the tbirdamendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same with an amendment as follows: strike out the
word "two" and insert the word "three."
That ihellouse recede from their disagreement to
the fifty-second amendment, of the Senate and agree
to the same with an amendment as follows: stake
out the words proposed to bo inserted and insert in
lieu thereof the words " fifteen months."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the fifty-fourth amendment ot tiie Senate and agree
to the same with an amendment as follows: add at
the end of lino one, page 24 of the engrossed bill, the
words "and whenever the word 'duty' is used m this
act, or the acts of which this is an amendment, it shall
bo construed to mean ' tax' whenever such construc-
tion shall be necessary in order to effect the purposes
of said acts."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the fifty-seventh amendment of the Senate and agree
to the same with an amendment as follows: insert in
lieu of the words stricken o-ut the the words " and
twenty-five cents for eaehpermitgrantedfor making
tobacco, snuffy or cigars."
That the House recede from their disagreement
to the one hundred and eighth amendment of the
Senate and agree to the same with the following
amendments to the matter proposed to be inserted,
namely: in line two, page 10, strike out the words
"this act," and insert the word "law;" in line
twenty-three, pasoll.strikeouttheword "such,"and
insert in lieu thereof the word "any;" after the word
" aforesaid," in lino three, page 12, insert "reciting
the l'jcts set forth in the s:iid certilicatc;" in line
nine, page 12, strike out " this act" and insert in lieu
thereof the woid " law:'" in lines three and lour, page
13, strikeout tli e words "by this actand at the end of
line eleven, page 14, add, " Provided, That the word
'county/ whenever the same occurs in this act, or
the acts of which tliisi.s amendatory, shall be con-
strued to mean also a parish, or any other equivalent,
subdivision of a State or Territory;'' and the Senate
agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement, to
the one hundred and thirty-fifth amendment of the
Senate and agree to the same with an amendment as
follows: insert in lieu of the words stricken out the
words " except as samples;" and the Senate agree to
the sAiao.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the two hundred and fourteenth amendment of the.
Senate and agree to the same with an amendment as
follows: in line two of said Senate amendment strike
out the words "for each license;" and the Senate
agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the two hundred and eighteenth amendment of the
Senate and agree to the same with an amendment as
follows.' in line twoof said Senate amendment strike
out the words "for each license;''and the Senate
agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the two hundred and twenty-fourth amendment of
the Senate, and agree to the same with an amend-
ment as follows: stiikc outthcwoid "only" inserted
by the Senate, and also all after the word that,\ in
line twenty-seven, pago 79, down to and including
the word "team," in line one, page 80. and insert m
lieu thereof the words "persons owning and cm-
ploying not more than one vehicleand tho Senate
agree to the same.
That tho House recede from their disagreement to
the two hundred and- seventy-sixth amendment of
the Senate and agree to the same with the following
amendments: in line one of said Senate amendment,
after the word "and," insert" until the 30tU day of
April, 1867 f' and also in line seren of said Senate
amendment, after the word "manner," insert "and
for the same period;" and the Senate agree to the
same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the three hundred and fifth amendment of the Sen-
ate, and agree to the same with the following amend-
ments: in line three of said Senate amendment strike
ont the words "retail price" and insert In lieu
thereof the word "value;" and also in lino five of
said Senate amendment strike out the word " cents'*
and insert in lien thereof the words "per cent.;" and
the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the three hundred and twenty-first amendment of the
Senate and agree to the same with an amendment as,
follows: strike out the word "enameled," proposed
to bo inserted, and afterthe "word " tax," in thesixtb.
line, page 109, insert the words "or duty;" and the
Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the three hundred and twenty-ninth and three hun-
dred and thirty-first amendments of the Senate, and
agree to the same with the following amendments:
strike out all of Ime nineteen, page 111, including
the word " ten," proposed to be inserted by the Sen-
ate, to the word " thousand" inclusive, in line twenty,
same page, and insert in lieu thereof tho following:
"on all cheroots, cigarettes, and cigars, the market
value of which is over twelve dollars per thousand,
a tax of four dollars per thousand, and in addition
thereto twenty per cent, ad valorem on tho market
value thereof;" and the Senate agree to the same.
That the 1 louse recede from their disagreement to
the three hundred an#forty-seventh amendment of
tho Senate and agree to the same with amendments
as follows: after the word *'shall," in line three of
said Senate amendment, insert "until the 30th day
of ApriL 1867," and at the end of-said Senate amend-
ment and, " and whenever the addition to any faro
shall amount only to the fraction of one cent, any
person or company liable to the tax of two and a
half per cent, may add to such fare one cent in lieu
of such fraction: and Fiieh person or company shall
keep for sale at r-onvenient poinU tickets in pack-
ages of twenty and multiples of twenty, to the price
ot which only an amount equal to the revenuo tax
shall be added."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the three hundred and fifty-first amendment of the
Senate and agree to the same with an amendment
as follows: insert in lien of the words stricken out,
" and of the amountof notes of persons, State banks,
or State banking association paid out by them for
the previous month." *
That the House reccde from their disagreement to
the three hundred and filty-cighth amendment of
the Senate and agree to the same with an amend-
ment as follows: insert in lieu of the words stricken
out the words, "and notes of persons, State banks,
and banking association paid out."
That the Ifousc recede from their disagreement to
the three hundred and sixty-first amendment of tho
Senate so far only as it proposes to strike out words,
and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the,three hundred and sixty-fifth amendment of the
Senate and agree to the same with amendments as
follows: after the word "due," in lino five of said
Senate amendment, insert" wherever," and afterthe
word "depositors," in lincsevcn, page#, of said Sen-
ate amendment, insert tho words "or parties what-
soever, including non-residents, whether citizens or
aliens."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the three hundred and Mxty-sixth amendment of
the Senate and agree to the same with the following
amendments: in line eleven, page 42, of said Senate
amendment, after the word "stockholders." insert
the woids including non-residents, whether citi-
zens or alien*:" and after the woid "whenever," in
line seventeen, insert "and wherever;" and in the
same line, alter the word" paj able," insert the words
"and to whatsoever party or person the same may
be payable, including non-residents, whether citizens
or aliens;" nnd the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
tho four hundred and twenty-third amendment of
the Senate and agree to the same with an amend-
ment as follows: in line two, page 49, of said Senate
amendment, after the word "except," insert the
words "playing-cards."
That the llouse reccde from their disagreement to
the four hundred and fortieth amendment of the
Senate and agree to the same with amendments as
follows: in line twelve, page 55, of &aid Senate
amendment, strike out the word "or" where it first
occurs; and inline? fourteen and fifteen, same page,
strike out the words "shall use the bills of such
State bank or banking association;" and the Sen-
ate agree to the same. „ , „
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the four hundred and fifty-ftfth amendment of the
Senate, and ngree to the same with an amendment as
follows : at the end of said Seriate amendment add y
M mounting and machinery of telescopes for astro-
nomfcal purposes."
That the Houke recede from their disagreement to
the five hundred and tenth amendment of the Senate
and agree to the same with amendments as follows:
in line nineteen, page 04, of said Senate amendment,
strike out the word " aforesaid" and insert in lieu
thereof the words "of the district;" and in line
twenty-three, same page, strike out the words "be
