1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2647,
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
_ Tie PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, Will the Senate concur in the amend-
ments made as in Committee of the Whole ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask for a separate
vote on the amendment striking out section
two,
. The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will take the question on the amendments made
as in Committee of the Whole collectively,
except that which the Senator from Maine has
asked to have excepted.
The amendments wore concurred in.
The excepted amendment was to strike out
the second section, as follows :
Andbe it further cnaeted, That the President be, and
ho is hereby, authorized to appoint, by and with tho
advice and consent of tho Senate, an officer in the
Department of State to be called " Solicitor to the
Department of State," at an annual salary of £3,000,
to commence on tho 1st of July, 18GB. and the amount
necessary to pay the same is hereby appropriated.
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered ; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 21, nays 13 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Clark, Conncss, Davis,
Edmunds. Grimes, Guthrie, Hendricks, Howard,
Howe, Johnson, Ivirltwood, Morrill, Poland, Ram-
sey, Kiddle, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Trumbull,
and Wade—21.
■ NAYS—Messrs. Cowan, Cragin, Dixon, Fesscndcn,
Foster, Harris, Morgan, Norton, Pomcroy, Sumner,
Van Winkle, Williams, and Yates—13.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Buckalew,
Crcswell, Doolittle, Henderson, Lano of Indiana,
Lano of Kansas, McDoufsall, Ncsmith, Nye, Sauls-
bury, Willey, Wilson, and Wright—15.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The amendments were-ordered to bo en-
frossed and the bill to be read a third time,
'he bill was read the third time and passed.
message from this house.
_ A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, Chief Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
without amendment the joint resolution (S. It.
No. 01) to extend the time for the construction
of the Western Pacific railroad, and the bill (S.
No. 18C) amendatory of an act to provide for
the reports of the decisions of the Supreme
Court of the United States.
The message farther announced that the
House of Repi-esentatives had passed the fol-
lowing bill and joint resolutions, in which it
requested the concurrence of tho Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 597) to authorize the use
in- post offices of weights of the denomination
of grammes;
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 140) to enable
the Secretary of the Treasury to furnish to each
State one set of the standard weights and meas-
ures of the metric system ; and
A joint resolution (H. It. No. 141) to author-
ize the President to appoint, a special commis-
sioner to facilitate the adoption of a uniform
coinage^ between the United States and foreign
countries.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had disagreed to the amend-
ment of the Senate to the bill (II. R. No. 563)
to regulate the time and fix the place for hold-
ing the circuit court of the United States in
the district of Virginia, and for other purposes,
asked a conference on tire disagreeing votes of
the two Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr.
William Lawrence of Ohio, Mr. Francis
Thomas of Maryland, and Mr. John L. Daw-
son of Pennsylvania, managers at the same
on its part.
military academy bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I -move that the Sen-
ate_ proceed to the consideration of the West
Point Academy appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (II.
R. No. 37) making appropriations for the sup-
port of the Military Academy for the year end-
ing the 30th of June, 1867, was considered as
in Committee of the Whole.
The bill had been reported from the Com-
mittee on Finance with amendments, the first
of which was in line seventeen to increase the
appropriation "for increase and expense of the
library" from $1,000 to $2,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twenty-
four to increase the appropriation ''for re-
pairs of officers' quarters" from $1,500 to
$10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert these
items after line thirty:
For* roilooring academic buildings and barracks,
$6,000.
For the purchase o'f fuel for warming rness-hall,
shoemakers' and tailors' shops, $2,000.
For materials for quarters for subaltern officers,
$3,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
following provisos at tho end of the bill:
Provided, That no port of the sums appropriated
by the provisions of this act shall bo expended in
violation of the provisions of an act entitled "An act
to prescribe an oath of office, and for other pur-
poses," approved July 2,1802: And provided further.
That no part of the moneys appropriated by this
or any other act shall be applied to tho pay or sub-
s'stenee of any cadet fiom any State declared to be
in rebellion against tho Government of tho United
States, appointed after the 1st day of January, 1806,
until such Slato shall have been returned to its ori-
ginal relations to tho Union under and by virtue of
an aet or joint resolution of Congress for that ease
ma do and provided.
Mr. WILSON. I hope wo shall have an
explanation of that amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The first proviso is
entirely unnecessary:
That no part of the sums appropriated by the pro-
visions of this act shall be expended in violation of
tho provisionsoi an aet entitled " An act to prescribe
an oath of ofiiee, and for other purposes," approved
July 2,1862.
That is the law now, and we propose to
strike the proviso ont. bocatise it is a mere
repetition of the existing law. The next pro-
viso, "that no part of the moneys appropri-
ated by this or any-other act shall be applied
to the pay or subsistence of any cadet i'rom
any State declared to be in rebellion against
the Government of the United States," &c.,
if it should .stand, would prevent the Pres-
ident from appointing any cadet from those
States oven though nominated by loyal Repre-
sentatives. It can apply to only a very few
individuals, and it was thought to be invidious
and unwise to insert such a provision. Most
of tho vacancies from the rebel States have
been filled up by the nominations of cadets
from the free States. I suppose there are some
from Iowa appointed for Virginia, and some
from Massachusetts appointed for Mississippi.
There are but a few of them left ; how many I
do not know, but the number is very small. It
looked to the committee to be rather small
business to say, while there are more or less
loyal people down theie, that the President
should not have the power, on the nomination
of a Representative who may be loyal, to fill
up these places. It is throwing very small
stones at the object we propose to hit. We
thought it best to reach that object directly.
Mr. WILSON. I have certainly no objec-
tion to striking out the last proviso, but the
proposition to strike out the first struck me as
rather strange.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We have struck it out
in all the bills, and the Senate have agreed to
it, because it is only repeating what'the law
now is.
Mr. WILSON. With the Senators expla-
nation I am entirely satisfied.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
Mr. HOWE. In reference to the amend-
ment just made touching the appointment of
cadets from the southern districts the proviso
was struck out, J understand. 1 wish to in-
quire if there is any authority under the law
tor appointing cadets from those districts until
there are Representatives here to nominate
them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know that
there is. If not, they will not be appointed at
all. If there is nobody to nominate they can-
not be appointed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. _ Will not the practice
of appointing be continued unless we stop it?
Whynot make it certain that it cannot be done?
Mr. FESSENDEN. When some have been
appointed from tho free States during the war
it would be'very invidious to refuse a few ap-
pointments on the nomination of loyal Repre-
sentatives.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to inquire of
the chairman of the committee having this bill
in charge whether there is any provision pro-
hibiting the appointment of a cadot at West
Point who has served in the rebel army. There
is a case of that kind in the Naval Academy
where a young man was appointed who had
served in that army. I think that at this time
probably it would be well to put in a provision
against such an appointment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not think it is to
be presumed that tli^t will be clone. If it was
done in one case by^misunderstanding proba-
bly it will not be done again. I do not think
it worth while to take it for granted such a thing
will occur. I do not think there is any danger
of it.
Mr. RAMSEY. What is to prevent it ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think we have some
law on the subject preventing payment to any
such persons. It is a matter that I care noth-
ing about. Tho Finance Committee came to
the conclusion that it was not worth while to
interfere with the matter, but that it was better
to let it stand as it now is.
Tho amendments made as in Committee of
tho Whole were concurred in.
The amendments were ordci ed to be engrossed
and tho bill to be read a third time.
Mr. WILSON. Is it too late to move an
amendment?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill is
not amendable after it has been ordered to its
third reading.
Mr. WILSON. I move a reconsideration
of the last vote for the purpose of allowing me
to offer an amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. What is it proposed to
offer?
Mr. WILSON. I wish to add a provision'
that nothing in this act shall be construed
to authorize or permit the appointment as a
cadet of any person who has served in any
capacity in tho military or naval service of
tho so-called confederate States during tho
late rebellion; but any such appointment
shall be held to be illegal and void.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is no objection
to that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts moves to reconsider
the vote by which the amendments were or-
dered to be engrossed and the bill to be read
a third time.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to amend the
bill by adding as a new section the following:
And be it further enacted, That nothing in this aet
shall be construed to authorizo or permit tho ap-
pointment as a cadet of any person who has served
m any capacity in tho military or naval servieo of
theso-calicd confederate States in tho late rebellion,
but any such appointment shall be held illegal and
void.
Mr. TR UMBULL. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts will not accomplish his purpose by
that. His amendment is that nothing in this
act shall be construed to authorize this. There
is nothing in this act about it. He wants to put
in a provision that nobody who has served in
the rebel service shall be appointed o cadet,
but this amendment would simply limit ap-
pointments under this aet.
Mi'. WILSON. I will put it in this shape i
And be it further enacted, That no person who has
served in any capacity in the military or naval service'
of the so-called confederate States during the late
rebellion shall hereafter receivo an appointment as
a cadet at tho Military Academy. *■
, Mr. JOHNSON. I am inclined to think ibafr
I there were a good many young men of some
' fifteen or sixteen years of age vrho were em-
