1688
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
condition when the law of 1841 was passed.
Then tho revulsions of 1837 had strewn the land
with wrecks, and thousands of prostrate debtors
appealed to Congress for a bankrupt law.
But now there is no such wide-spread insolv-
ency in tho country. If a law of any kind is
now enacted, it will be mainly as a permanent
measure, and not specially for present relief
like the act of 1841. But, sir, the more I ex-
amine the provisions of this hill, the more I
observe the spirit and purpose of those who
have it in charge, the more apprehensive do I
become that it is destined to be presented, for
the final vote upon its passage, in a farm so
objectionable as to exclude the possibility of
my support.
* I have concluded to vote against the provis-
ion? for involuntary bankruptcy contained in
Mua bill; aud-will proceed to stale the consid-
erations which have impelled me to this decis-
ion. I shall take no part in the old and, [
suppose, interminable controversy respecting
the precise import of the word bankruptcies in
that rluuse of (lie Federal Constitution which
provides that Congress shall have power to
establish '• uniform laws on the subject of
bankruptcies throughout the United States."
In that controversy, Webster, Clay, Benton,
Calhoun, Marshall, and Story have been con-
spicuous. Hut, for the purposes of my argu-
ment, it will be sunieieut to slate the views of
each wiihout any presnmjjtuons affempt to de-
cide who were right and who were wrong.
Mr. Justice Story, in his Commentaries on
tho Federal Constitution, says:
"Without stopping at present to consider what is
the precise in (Milium of ea.ch of these terms as contra-
distinguished Jroia (he other.it maybe suited that
the kcuoi ;i i. obioet ot all bankrupt and insolvent laws
is, on the one hand, to secure the creditors an appro-
priation oi' ilie property of their debtors pro (onto to
the di.-5< iuir^e of their debt;*, whenever tho latter arc
unable to discharge the whole amount, and, on the
other hand, to relieve unfortunate and honest debt-
ors liom perpetual bondage 1o (heir creditors, either
in fhe shape <>i' unlimited imprisonment to eooieo
payment of their deb's or of an absolute riidit to ap-
propt itile and monopolize all (heir future earnings/'
—tiffin* I KM.
" What arc <o be deemed bankrupt laws, within tho
lueamm* of the Constitution, has been a matter of
much iureusie discussion and argument. Attempts
have been made fo<listint?ui^h between bankruptlaws
aud insolvent laws. I'or examplo, it has been said
that laws which merely liberate the person of the
debtor aie insolvent laws, and those which disehan,re
'''itv.u t arc bankruptlaws. Butit wouhlbe very
diU'tcuH to sustain this distinction, by any uniformity
ol laws, at home or abroad. In some of the States
Jaws known as insolvent laws dischargo the person
only; in otheis they dischaijre tho contract. And if
<'om*n>-s were (o pass a bankrupt net which should
di.<ehavo the person only of (lie bankrupt,and leave
his future acquisitions liable to his ereditor«,thcre
would be prreat dillicully in saying that sin h an act
Was not, m thcM'iiso ol the Conshtufion. a bankrupt
act, and MMwt bin rhe power of Congress. Asain.it
hiM been said that insolvent laws acton impiuoned
debtors onlv at their own instance; and bankrupt
only at Lite lmtance of creditors, Hut however true
this in ay have l>eei  in past times {is the actual course
Kic-dish le^i.-l.ition, it is not true, and never was
uue.asadM.mction in colonial legislation, in Eng-
land it wis an accident m t,he sy.-teiu and not a ma.~
(et i;? i -xioiutd h> discriminate who were to be deemed,
in a leva I -u>n-c, insolvents or bankrupts. And if an
act oi' (''in m e should be p: v<ed which should author-
ire a cenini)--ion <>1 bankruptcy to is-uie at the in-
stance ot the debtor, no com t would, on this account,
be warranted in saying that- the act was unconstitu-
tional nod the commission a nullity. It is believed
that no hnvs ever were passed in America, by the col-
onies or States, which had the technical denomina-
tion uf bankrupt laws. 35ut insolvent la^'s, <fuile
e..«*xt<'nsive with English bankrupt syslemsin their
operations andobjeets.have not been untrequcnt in
i ioniat <md M./.tc legislation. i\ro distinction was
< v! r } i ac!e ally, or even thcovctically, attempted to
hi inude between bankruptciesaudiusolvencios. And
aii historic,!! review ot the colonial and State legis-
lation will abundant! v show I ha I a bankrupt law may
contain tho-'e iemulations n'huh are tfeuorallj found,
in j.solvent hn\s, and thai an insolventlawmaycon-
tain Tho«e.v 'hieh are common to bankrupt law*."—
llOd.
" Perhaps salishictorv a de«< ription of a bank-
rupt law as can be framed u that if- is a law for the
benefit and relief of creditors and their debtors in
c"i- os in which the latter are unwilling to paytheir
debts, and a law on the subject of bankrupicicsin the
sense of the Constitution is a lawmaking pio'.isions
ior pci'sous failing to pay their debts.''—Section 11US,
uofpZ.
Mr. Calhoun, in his great speech upon the
bankrupt hill, enacted a quarter of a century
ago, expressed the following opinion:
_ "At the time oi the formation of the Constitution
tiierc existed, both iu this count* y and in lingland.
from which we derived our laws, two separate sys-
tems of laws growing out of the relation of creditors
and debtor, the one known as the system of bank-
ruptcy and the other of insolvency. The system of
insolvent laws prow out of the debtor side of the re-
lation, and originated in motives of humanity for the
unfortunate but honest debtor.^ Their object is to
lelicve him from the power of his creditors, upon an
honest surrender of all his property for their benefit.
Very different are the motives and objects in which
the lawsof bankruptcy originated. They grew out of
the creditor sido of the relation and forma portion of
the mercantile or commercial code of laws. Their
leading object is to strengthen the system of commer-
cial credit. Though growing out of.the same relation
'and to that extent connected, the two are as different
in genius and character as the different aspects of the
relation out of which they grow. The members of
the Convention that framod tho Constitution could
not have been ignorant of the fact that there were
two such systems known by the names of bankrupt
and insolvent laws. Is it to be supposed that, if they
intended to delegate to Congress power over both
systems, these able and cautious men, so familiar
with the distinction between thciti, would not have
included both by name? And is it not conclusive
that, in not doing so, and in limiting the grant to
bankruptcy alone, it was the intention to grant that
only to the exclusion of insolvency."
In the same debate Mr. Clay said:
" I shall attempt no precise definition of thephrases
bankruptcy and insolvency, which arc ccrtainly gen-
erally used, in the vernacularlanguage, in a synony-
mous sense. I prefer to describe the properties or
qualities of each system. That of insolvency requires
a lull surrender of all the property and credits of the
debtor, takes the administration of them out of his
hauds, distributes them, by a third party, among his
eicditois, and finally, after an honest compliance
with the provisions of the system, exonerates the
person of the debtor from all arrest or imprisonment
on account of preexisting debts. The system does
not, it is generally supposed, discharge hisfutuie ac-
quisitions from liability. The bankrupt system, too,
exacts a. full surrender of the property and credits of
the debtor, takes the administration of them out of
his hands, confides the distribution of them among
his creditors to a third party, and finally, after an
honest aud taithful compliance with the require-
ments of the system, exonerates both tho person of
(lie debtor liom ali'arrests and imprisonment and his
futui e acquisitions from all liability on account of
all debts and contiacts existing at the peiiod of the
commission of the act of bankruptcy. Thus it, will
be perceived that on most points there is a strong
resemblance between tho two systems. The essential
aiid characteristic difference between them is that
the svstom of insolvency docs not, or rather is sup-
posed to be incompetent to grantwhilo thobankrupt
system can confer an effectual discharge of the debtor
from all preexisting debts and obligations. Thatin-
competency ot the States to provide in their systems
of insolvency lbr such a discharge is supposed to re-
sult irom the piolubition to the States, in the Consti-
tution of tho United States, against the passage of
any law impairing the obligation of contracts."
In the progress of this memorable debate Mr.
Webster said:
"Tho Constitution declares that Congress shall
have power to establish uniform laws on the subject
of bankruptcies tin oughout the United States. "What
ai e bankrupt eies? The word is most certainly to be
taken in its common and popular sense; in that sense
in which the people may be supposed to have under-
stood it when they ratified the Constitution. iJank-
rupteies, in the general meaning and acceptation of
the term, mean no more than failures. When a man
can no ( pay his debts we say he has become bankrupt,
or has tailed. .Bankruptcies, as tacts, or occurrences,
or cases, tor which Congress is authorised to make
pio\ lsion, are iallures. A learned judge has said that
a law on the subject- of bankiuptcics, in the sense of
tho Constitution, is alaw making provision for cases
of persons lading to pay their debts. Over the whole
subject of these bankruptcies, or these failures, the
power of Congress as it stands on the face of the
Constitution, is full and complete."
In the case of Sturgis vs. Crowninshield, 4
Wheaton, Chief Justice Marshall said:
"But the subject is divisible in its nature into
bankrupt and insolvent laws; though the line of par-
tition between them is not so distinctly marked as to
enable any person to say ^ ith positive precision what
belongs exclusively to fhe one and not to the other
class ot laws. It is said, ior example, that laws which
] meiely liberate the person are insolvent laws, and
those wilieh discharge the contract, ore bankrupt
laws. But if on act of Congress should discharge the
person of tho bankrupt, and leave his hituro acqui-
sitions liable t.") his cvoditois, we should feel much
hesitation in saying that this was an insolvent, and
not a bankrupt law, and therefore unconstitutional.
Another distinction has been stated andunifoimiy
olv< rved. Insolvent laws operate at the instance of
an imprisoned debtor; bankrupt laws at the instance
of the creditor, ijut should an act of Congress au-
thorize ii commission of bankruptcy to issue on the
application of a debtor, a court would scarcely be
warranted in saying that the law was unconstitu-
tional." * • s "Thisdifficulty of
discriminating with any accuracy between insolv-
ent and bankrupt laws, would lead to the opinion
that a bankrupt law may contain those regulations
which are con orally found in insolvent laws, and that
an insolvent law may contain those which are com-
mon to a bankrupt law/'
It ib immaterial ior my present purpose to
decide wliich of these is the better opinion.
Give the word its widest latitude, including all
the meanings,■whether of bankruptcy or insolv-
ency, claimed by any or all of those eminent
men, and you will find that any bankrupt law
which we can constitutionally enact will em-
brace a part or all of the following as its main
features, and no others:
The surrender of the debtor's estate for the
benefit of his creditors.
Exemption of the person of the debtor from
imprisonment.
The discharge of the debtor, operative within
his own State only, from liabilities incurred
within the State after the taking effect of the
law. _ -
The discharge of the debtor, operative in
all the States, irom all his liabilities, including
those incurred before the taking effect of the
law.
An initiative in the proceedings by the debtor
which characterizes voluntary bankruptcy.
An initiative by the creditors which charac-
terizes involuntary or compulsory bankruptcy.
Uniformity in the operation of the act through-
out all the States.
And the persons upon whom the act shall
operate must bo those who cannot or will not
pay their debts, and who are of the class or
classes to which tho right or liability to bank-
ruptcy is restricted, if there is any restriction.
.Now, it is firmly established by judicial de-
cision that, in the absence of legislation by Con-
gress on this subject, the States have both the
right and the power to put in operation, within
their own limits, by their own legislation, all of
tho provisions which I have enumerated .except
only that for the general discharge of the debtor
from his liabilities. This exception results from
tho inhibition to impair the obligations of con-
tracts laid by the Constitution upon the States.
Whether Congress can exercise this power is of
course another question, to be decided, as it hap-
pens, by areference, not to express constitutional
grant, for which you will look in vain, but to
the inherent attributes of national sovereignty.
And if no such inhibition were imposed upon
the States, it is obvious that their inability to
make laws operative beyond their own geo-
graphical limits would render uniformity in
bankruptcy an improbable if not impossible
result of State legislation. And it must be
admitted that there is no urgent reason for
uniformity in any of the provisions of a bank-
rupt law, except that which relates to the debt-
or's general discharge from his liabilities.
Whether you do or do not recognize in all
of these provisions features ( f a bankrupt law
as distinguished from an insolvent law, whether
you admit or deny their constitutionality, yet
the bill before us embraces them all. It pro-
vides for the surrender of the debtor's estate
to his creditors; for his exemption from im-
prisonment; for hisgeneral discharge, operative
in all the States, from antecedent liabilities in-
curred before or after the taking effect of the
act; for voluntary bankruptcy ; for compulsory
bankruptcy ; and £or the unit >rm operation of
the law throughout the United States. And it
further provides that the opctation of the law
shall not be restricted to merchants and traders,
but shall extend to all natuial and artificial
persons. In this respect this bill differs as well
from the act of 1800 as from that of 1811. The
former included provisions for involuntary but
not for voluntary bankruptcy. The latter em-
braced both, but its compulsory provisions were
only applicable to merchants, traders, bankers,
factors, brokers, underwriters, and marine in-
surers. Each act was repealed after an unsat-
isfactory trial of less than three years.
Now, sir, I am in favor of the distribution
of the debtor's estate among his creditors; I
am in favor of the exemption of the person of
the debtor from imprisonment; T am in favor
of the debtor's general discharge from his debts,
and therefore, of course," in favor of such lim-
ited discharge from liability as the States can
constitutionally grant. And although adequate
provisions on these subjects can be and in fact
are made by State laws, that they preeent
