1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
no affirmative reasons for the enactment of this
law, yet their presence in this bill would have
no effect to deter me from its support. For,
however capable the Stales may be of effectuat-
ing these provisions by legislation, they are,
in my judgment, proper elements of a national
bankrupt law. Nor am I opposed to that dis-
tinctive feature of this bill which constitutes
volantary bankruptcy. I am also quite willing,
for the purposes of this argument, to concede
that certain questions which divided in Titanic
combat the Senators of the Twenty-Sixth Con-
gress shall be decided to suit the friends of
this bill; that we have, under the Federal Con-
stitution, the powers, then so vigorously dis-
puted, to provide by a Federal law for both
voluntary and involuntary bankruptcy, and to
include within its scope all natural"persons,
whether traders or not—excepting, of course,
those who have by rebellion forfeited then-
claims to its benefits—and to include also all
artilicial persons, whether banks or other in-
corporations.
But, in the present condition of the country,
I can vote for no such compulsory bankruptcy
as I lind in this bill. I should be sorry to sec
even merchants and traders subjected to ils pro-
visions ; but to my mind the idea of indicting
compulsory bankruptcy upon our farmers and
mechanics, in the present condition ol'the col-
lection laws and tribunals of the several States
and of the United States, is too preposterous
and revolting to receive the sanction of my
vote.
Sir, the country does not now ask for com-
pulsory bankruptcy. The country will not
thank us for it. If there exists anywhere, in
any class, a desire for any bankrupt law, it is
for a voluntary bankrupt law. There may be
a small number of men, in narrow localities
of four or live of the Stales, who desire a com-
pulsory law. But the masses shrink from it.
If it is forced upon Ihem, they will submit to
it as an intolerable, indefensible wrong. I be-
lieve there is not a single Slate where one cit-
izen in ten would vote "lor this bill. In all of
the States, excepting possibly four or live, iis
supporters would number less than one in one
thousand. Indeed, sir, if it were submitted to
the eight, bundled and iifty thousand people of
my own Slate to decide to-day whether a com-
pulsory bankrupt law should be enacted, to
operate upon fanners and mechanics and all
oilier persons, 1 doubt if it would obtain one
hundred voles outride of the greedy I lining who
would hope to fatten as officials on the spoils
of ban! *:ruj >i cy.
And it is with good reason that the masses
of the people shrink from such a law. It will
carry among them wide-spread ruin and deso-
lation. Hungry swarms of marshals and clerks
and registers and messengers and trustees and
assignees and lawyers will gather as buzzards
to banquet on the corpses with which this Ijill
will strew the land. If J stood here as the rep-
resentative, not of the people, but of my profe---
s:onal brethren only. I would not oppose this
law. For it is their sickle which is to reap in
this harvest ol deatii. Into their purses and the
purses of officials will go whatever of gold can
be extracted from the bankrupt i ,'tate. To the
creditor will go only the wretched rags which
you strip from the corpse of the debloi.
Sir, this compulsory bankruptcy is hostile to
the genius of our institution-, and the spiiit and
interests of the great masses of our people. It
will be peculiarly offensive to the free andeasy
but honest, and true men of the West, whom it
will squeeze into the strait-jacket so befitting
the madmen of Wall street. And the response
which it will draw hither from that new- coun-
try, as soon as its practical operations shall be
understood and felt, wi'l be marked with all
the strength and vehemence which character-
ized its response to Abraham Lincoln's call for
three hundred thousand more men to smite
down the rebellion. They are an agricultural
people, interspersed with mechanics, Thcy
have not the highly developed commerce of
Boston, Xew York, or Philadelphia. Nor have
they the manufacturing peculiarities ol Massa-
chusetts, Connecticut, or Rhode Island. The
farmers and mechanics of the West aro. as a j
people, inferior in intelligence, enterprise, hon-
esty. and patriotism to no portion of our fellow-
citizens. I n business prosperity, if not before,
they certainly are not behind the average of the
country. Without that reverential respect for
or precise observance of the artificial rules of
trade and commerce which sometimes serve as
a guise of external decency to cover essential
rottenness of character in the hot-beds of com-
mercial speculation, they are yet able to trans-'
act their business satisfactorily to themselves
and to others, on a basis quite as sate and
sound and honest as do those men with whom
book-keeping is religion, form is substance,
arithmetic is honesty, and punctilio is honor,
even though steeped in knavery and fraud.
And it will be neither just-nor expedient to put
these people, millions in number, into Wall
street strait-jackets at the instance or for the
benefit of a few hundreds of their fellow-citi-
zens.
Some of tliem have seen their neighbors,
under the laws already in force giving to Fed-
eral courts jurisdiction of cases between citi-
zens of different States, dragged into those
courts by non-resident creditors. They have not
failed to appreciate the difference in the ex-
pense of litigation in the State tribunals and in
the cumbrous Federal courts. They have not
failed to perceive what an engine of oppression
a Federal court may be in the hands of a man
holding office for life, free from the salutary
checks of responsibility to, and .swift punish-
ment by, the people or government of the State
which are imposed upon the judges of State
courts, and prudent enough to avoid those tangi-
bleand glaring wrongs which aloneincur danger
of impeachment. They have not failed to observe
that for these reasons a Federal court may he,
and sometimes is, a tribunal the tracks of whose
suitors, whether plaintiffs or defendants, point
all inward and none omward. And hard enough
for them, oftentimes, is the law which permits
non-resident cxcditois to force them into these
couits. But, sir, if you enlarge this jurisdiction
as you propose so that it shall virtually embrace
the collection of debts, as between citizens of
the same State, you will impose upon them a
bin den of expense, inconvenience, oppression,
ami misery, which nothing but the most urgent
necessity will excuse; for they know very well,
as yen and 1 know, sir, that in the present con-
dition of the collection laws of the States no
intelligent creditor will institute these proceed-
ings in bankruptcy if prompted merely by a de-
sire to recover his debt, and not by a malicious
purpose to harass and torment his debtors.
But whether the enforcement, of these compul-
sory provisions shall be prompted by ignorance
or malice, tliey will inevitably thrust into un-
necessary bankruptcy, into gratuitous ruin,
thousands of unfortunate but, upright men who
are this day manfully struggling against failure,
heroically resolved, and if let. alone able, to
stem and turn back the tide which threatens
to ingulf them. And so this law, intended as
a benign measure foi the relief of the unfortu-
nate, becomes itself an engine of persecu-
tion. Its mischievous consequences, too, will
be most distressing in those very debtor com-
munities and anions those very debtor classes !
whom you assert to be most in need of the ]
benetieent previsions of voluntary bankruptcy, I
whom you profess yourselves inoJ anxious to !
relieve. I
The compulsory chapter of this bill will be j
enacted for the benefit of the creditor, it if shall '•
be enacted for anybody's benefit and not for
universal mischief. It certainly can be no bless- :
ing to the debtor, for the voluntary provisions 1
afford all the relief he wants, and ju.-t when he-
wants it. But it happen-that the only feature ;
of a bankrupt law, whether voluntary or com- :
pulsorv, which does not he within the consti- •
lulional scope of State legislation, is a feature
which has no connection with the creditor's •
remedy or interests, but is in still it <-d solely for ;
the benefit, of the debtor. It is that provision
which discharges the debtor from the debt and I
so destroys tho legal obligation of tho contract.
All else the States cam enacti Every conceiv-
able contrivance to enable the creditor to
wring payment from the debtor's hands State
legislation can provide. And, Mr. Speaker,
every such contrivance State legislation does
provide to-day.
I ask you, sir, to look at the collection laws,
which State legislators have ■ exhausted ■ their
ingenuity to bring to perfection, which are the
results of centuries of experience, and tell me
whether they loave anything wanting to the
creditor, unless it be the barbarous delight of
tormenting his debtor without benefit to him-
self. I ask your attention to the creditor's
remedies in my own State as an epitome of the
whole, for they differ in no essential particular
from those of other States. Fie has his action
at law and in chancery with the ordinary exe-
cution. lie may arrest his debtor in an action
notarising on contract when the debtor is about
to remove from the State; iif an action for in-
jury to person or character, or for an injury to,
or wrongful taking, detention, or conversion of
property; in an action for fraudulent misap-
plication of property by an agent, factor, bro-
ker, attorney, solicitor, or counselor; and in
an action for the recovery of the possession of
personal property unjustly detained, where the
property, or any part thereof, has been con-
cealed, removed, or disposed of, so that it. can-
not be found or taken by the sheriff. He may
seize his debtor's property by attachment, in
an action on contract, if he has absconded oris
about to abscond from the State, or concealed
therein, to the injury of the creditor, or has
assigned, disposed of, or concealed any of his
property with intent to defraud his creditor, or
is about to do either of these things, or has re-
moved, or is about to remove, any of his prop-
erty out of tho State with intent lo defraud his
creditors, or fraudulently contracted the debt
or incurred the obligation for which the action
is brought. The writ of 'tie exeat is preserved
to the creditor, and the remedies by injunction
and replevin are secured to'him in most com-
plete and effective forms.
And in addition to all these well-known
methods of enforcing his demands, the creditor
has that modern device which, under the name
of supplementary proceedings in aid of execu-
tion, combines, in their cheapest and most
summary form, the injunction, attachment, re-
ceiver, creditor's bill, compulsory bankruptcy,
arrest, ne exeat, and in fact every other con-
trivance ever invented to wring gold from the
hands of fraudulent, or unfortunate debtors.
All this the creditor now has by Slate law.
What more will lie have? For what legitimate
interest, of his do the State laws fail to provide?
For what, legitimate purpose does he ask the
interposition of the rough arms of this bill?
Can it be for any other puipose than the gia-
tuitous injury of the debtor without benefit to
himself V
Perhaps, Mr. Speaker, the destruction of the
State exemption laws is theobjeetof these pro-
visions for compulsory bankruptcy. Certainly
it will be their effect. But, sir, the masses of
our people will not permit these salutary ex-
emptions to be swept away with impunity at
the request of a mere handful of their fellow-
citizens, whether merchants or manufacturers,
however opulent or inlluential "thev may be.
'The American homestead exemption isatoneo
among the choicest fruits and the noblest em-
blems of American civilization. The idea which
underlies it is indeed the very idea which char-
acterizes the genius of our institutions and
Government as distinguished from that of all
others, the development, elevation, and dignity
of the individual men who constitute the pillars
and the strength of the Republic, ft is at least
five years too late lo deny or doubt tluit the
grand conservators of American iust'ilutiousare
the millions of men who occupy their own
houses and their own land. It is too late to
doubt Unit whatever just law Icuus to increase
the number of these, to i levate them in intel-
ligence and character and dignity, will not only
contribute to the sum total of national happi-
