THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 2,
be inflicted after due proceedings against the
respective owners for the purpose of confisca-
tion or punishment in some way prescribed by
law tinder the Constitution of the country. This
attempt on the part of this House and of Con-
gress to act upon the assumption that war is
still flagrant in this country I look upon as being
radically and wickedly wrong. War does not
prevail now. On the contrary, peace prevails
throughout our entire boundaries. There is no
army anywhere arrayed against the Federal
authority. There is no individual man in this
country that is now holding out any resistance
to the Government. The Executive lias -an-
nounced. officially to the country, to Congress,
and to the world that the rebellion is now sup-
pressed ; that the States in the South have re-
turned to obedience to law, and that the laws
are now being enforced and observed in the
South.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask a question ?
Mr. ICI5RB. Certainly.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Will he be good enough
to state when and where the Executive has
made any such announcement as that to which
he refers; and whether the latest outgiving from
that Department of the Government has not
been that contained in the opinion of the At-
torney General conveyed to the Senate by the
President, which is to the effect that the war
against the rebellious States was not yet ended?
Mr. KERH. I know well what the Attorney
General has said; and while I entertain to-
ward that officer high personal regard, based
upon a very pleasant personal acquaintance, I
beg leave respectfully to say here that in my
judgment the position upon that subject as-
sumed by him in that communication is as
radically wrong in principle and m fact as the
other position to which I have referred here.
I prefer to take the announcement of the
President himself, as lie knows what the facts
are. We all 1 mow, in spite of the letter of the
Attorney General, that there is no war in this
country. It is a patent, notorious, and unde-
niable fact that there is no enemy in arms any-
where. Gentlemen must not undertake in this
country (o perpetuate a war upon paper. They
have 110 right to keep asunder the different sec-
tions of this mil ion upon any assumed or im-
aginary stateofhostilit ii\; until they can accom-
plish certain clu risked partisan purposes.
I have not (lie communication of the Presi-
dent at my il-\sk now, but will incorporate it in
my remarks.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I was about to ask the
gentleman when and where the. President had
made the announcement to which he referred.
Mr. KERR. The statement is contained in
the answer of the President in reply to a res-
olution of the Senate, and is dated'Docember
18, 1805, and accompanied the letter of Lieu-
tenant General Grant.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think the gentleman
will look in vain /'or anvUiing of (ho sort in that
letter.
Mr. KERR. Let the letter speak for itself.
It reads as follows on the point in question :
To the Senate <>f the United States :
In reply to the resolution adopted by the Scnatoon
the 12th instant, i have the honor to state that the
rebellion waged by o portion of the people asainst the
properly constituteda u thorite of the Government of
the United States has been suppressed; that theUni-
ted States die in possesion of every State ill which the
in?uirectiou existed; and that, as far as could be done,
thecourts of the United States have been restoied,
post offices reestablished, and steps taken to put into
efii'Ctivo opeiation the revenue laws of tbeeountry.
As the result of the measure-* instituted by the Exec-
utive, with tue view of inducing a resumption of the
iunetions of the States comprehended in tile inoiiiry
ot the Senate, the people in North Carolina. South
taronna, Georgia, Alabama, ilississippi, Louisiana,
Arkansas, anil Tennessee, have reorganized theii
respecti ve State irovernments, and " are yielding obe-
dience to the law= and Government of the United
stares v, itn more will unless and greater promptitude
than under tue eu-cumstaiices could reasonably have
been anticipated, file pi'opos'ed ;<meiK.lment to the
Constitution, providing lor t tie abolition oislavciv for-
ever wi tli11! Ihf luniWot the coun'ry, has been ratified
by each oueni ■-> v : v. -, withfhecxo..-ptiou of Mis-
sissippi, homwlueh noolhinal information hasyet been
received; and in nearly all ot them measures have
been adopted or are cow Bonding to oonfoi upon iroed-
men rights and privileges which are essential to their
comfort, protection, and security.
Now, a word more. I am opposed to tliis
bill on other grounds. Let us see what it pro-
poses to accomplish in other respects. The
commissioners and assistant commissioners
and sub-agents and clerks in this bureau are
made, as it were, absolute and exclusive gov-
ernors and rulers, of the freedmen and refugees
of this country. There is to be built up within
the States of this Union by this bill a sort of
impe-rium in imperio, a sort of government
within a government. It is an attempt upon
the part of the Federal Government, in other
words, to usurp and take from the States their
sacred and inalienable right to control and
govern their own people in all matters relating
to their domestic and local interests.
Butnot only that. This bill proposes to make
it the duty of the Executive, when this bureau
shall be organized all over this country, to come
to the rescue of all these various officers with
the military power of the Union. The bill says
in the second scction;
And the President of the United States, through
the War Departmcntandthe Commissioner, shall ex-
tend military jurisdiction and protection over all em-
ployes, agents, and officers of this bureau in the exer-
cise of the duties imposed or authorized by this act,
or the act to which it is additional."
What does that mean? Are we to have or-
ganized all over this country a system of petty
tribunals, to be at once protected by and to per-
form their duties according to the rules of mil-
itary or martial law, and to be wholly inde-
pendent of and superior to the States, and all
the civil tribunals of the States where they ex-
ist? The inquiry may well strike the mind with
utter incredulity, the thing proposed is so strik-
ingly inconsistent with the genius of our boasted
institutions. But it is true. And it is not re-
lieved by the provision of section eight, that—
The jurisdiction conferred by this and the preceding
scction on the eliiccrs and ajrents oi this liuicau shall
cease arid detuijmu' whenever the discrimination on
acr ount of v, hie li it isconfei red ceases, and m no event
to be exercised in any State in whii-h the ordinary
course ot judicial proceedings has not beeninterrujited
by the iebellion,ifor in anysneh Stateaflersaid State
shall have been tullv restored in all its constitutional
relations to the United States, and the courts ot the
State and oi the United States within the same are
not disturbed or stopped in the peaceable course of
justice—
because, by its terms, that section relates alone
to the jurisdiction conferred by sections ,-c,ven
and eight. xVll the. powers conferred by the
other sectionsKoperate without limit as to time
or territory. In all my observations in the busi-
ness of making laws I never yet had occasion
to analyze a bill the terms of which, in the
bestowal of power, were so loose, unguarded,
and dangerous as those of the bill now before tlic
House, with its proposed amendments. Take
for example, a part of scction six. Head it;
The Commissioner shall, under the direction of the
Piesideut, proeuie in tile name of the United States,
bv grant or purchase, such binds within the districts
nloiesaid as may bo required foi retngees and lieed-
men dependent on the Government forsuppoit; and
he shall provide or cans" to be erected suitable build-
ings for asylums and schools; and the Commissioner
may in oeidc a common-school education for all refu-
gees and ireodmen who shall apply tlieiefor.
The lands to be acquired may be anywhere
in the United States, and there is no limit as to
amount or cost or quality, except the discre-
tion of the officers. An;,' freedman or refugee
may apply for a common-school education,
whether male or female, young or old, octoge-
narian or infant; and the Commissioner may
provide it at the expense of the country. What
is a " common-school education,'' and how long
will it take some negroes to acquire it? What
will it ultimately cost the people? But enough
of this.
The whole system is wrong. The principle
of the bill is wrong. The assumption that Con-
gress may take such charge of any class of
people is radically wrong. These negroes are
free men. They can only bccome good citi-
zens, capable of self-support and self-govern-
ment, by the discipline of absolute self-depend-
ence. They must be left substantially to work
out their own destiny. You can never make ;
them able to take care of themselves by this j
system of Government nursery. Give them i
full and ample protection for person and prop-
erty, and they will do better than they can be
made to do under this system. Their greatest
amelioration must arise out of the feelings of
sympathy and friendship between them and the
whites. The great law of intelligent self-inter-
est, if left free to work, without extraneous in-
terference and irritations, must soon convince
both races that they can best and most effect-
ually serve themselves and develop their sep-
arate interests by serving each other and aiding
each other in a spirit of mutual kindness. It
will require and ultimately accomplish the high-
est development of the capacities of each race,
and lead to more enduring happiness and pros-
perity than can otherwise be secured.
But the policy contemplated in this bill, by
exciting false and delusive hopes in the minds
of the negroes, will only lead to ever-increas-
ing hostility between the races and frequent
conflicts of authority in the States where they
are, and will only put off any genuine and en-
during improvement in the Condition of the
freedmen and prevent the early solution of the
great problem of labor in the southern States,
and thus retard the prosperity of the country
and of both races.
Mr. HILL. I move to amend the pending
motion to recommit the bill by adding to it in-
structions to the committee to amend the bill
as follows:
Amend the first section by striking out of lines six
and seven the following words,namely, "in all parts
of the United States," and insert in lieu theref the fol-
lowing, namely, " in all the States lately in rebellion,
and also in the States of Delaware, Maryland, Ken-
tucky, and Missouii."
Amend the proviso in the fifth section by inserting
in line ten, between the words "the" and "owner,"
the word "former."
Amend the proviso in the fifth section by inserting
in line ten, between the words "the" and "owners,"
the word "fonnei," and strike out all between the
woid "authorized," in line twelve, and "to," in lino
fourteen, of said section.
Mr. 'MARSHALL obtained the floor.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman yield to me for a moment to offer a
resolution for reference to a committee?
Mr. MARSHALL. Certainly.
steamboat pilots, af1!ica>i trade, etc.
Mr. WARIII3URNE, of Illinois, by unani-
mous consent, submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
J'eiofovl, That the Committee on Commerce be in-
structed to inquire as lollows, and report by bill or
otherwise, namely:
1. "Whether any legislation is necessary to prevent
the combination of pilots of steamboats on the west-
ern waters.
2. Into the expediency of abolishing the offices of
naval officers and surveyors.
3. Into the condition of tile American trade on the
coast of Africa,andwhat measures, if any, are neces-
sary to extend and protect it.
Mr. MARSHALL resumed the floor, but
yielded to
Mr. HITTER, who moved that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
j (at four o'clock and fifty-five minutes p. ni.)
i the House adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
saturday. February 3, 186(5.
The House met at twelve o'clock m., Mr.
Wasiibuexe, of Illinois, occupying the chair as
Speaker pro tempore.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boystox.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The House is
in session, under order of the House, for the
purpose only of debate upon the Freedmen's
Bureau bill, as the special order. No business
is in order, and no motion will be in order
except a motion to adjourn.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. William
J. mcloxai,!!, its Chief Clerk, informed the
House that the Seunrte had passed a bill (S. No.
81) to protect all persons in the United States
in their civil rights, and to furnish the means
