1690
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
ness and prosperity, but will also add to that
essential strength which the country has re-
quired and may again, God only knows how
soon, require to preserve and perpetuate the
national existence.
Sir, when the State makes the home of the
citizen, be he merchant, former, or mechanic,
his castle, from which the storms of fortune
cannot drive him, and himself one of the sov-
ereigns of the Republic, it is not a boon of
charity conferred upon him or his wife or chil-
dren at the expense of creditors or of justice,
but it is at once an act absolutely just, a bless-
ing to the husband, wife, and child, and a ten-
fold greater blessing to the nation itself. It
Is just It interferes with no rights, because,
being prospective in its operation, all business
and all credit are predicated upon its provisions.
No man is deceived. There is no false credit.
No man's homestead is an element of his credit,
except through that legitimate and proper con-
fidence which will be felt in the prospects of
bimwho is encouraged and enabled to stand up,
an independent man, on his own soil. He who
becomes his creditor becomes such knowing
that whatever adversities overtake the debtor,
the homestead will never answer for the debt
any more than the body or the soul. And it is
preposterous to say that when adversity does
overtake the debtor, it will be hard and unjust
if the creditor cannot do what he from the be-
ginning knew he could not do; what he never
intended or expected to do, drive the debtor
and his wife and children from their home.
But if you enact this bankrupt law, it will, in-
deed, be difficult to estimate the hardship and
injustice which it will work. I pray yon to
consider the ease for one moment. The in-
dustrious and moderately prosperous mechanic
owns his little home, which is better than a
palacc for him, which is encircled by the very
heartstrings of wife and children, which cannot
bo stricken from the American vocabulary, and
leave much of liberty behind. To-day he be-
comes indebted to his neighbor, the fanner.
To this friendly transaction the hard, relent-
less features of a Wall street operation are
as foreign as were the money-changers to the
temple of God. The creditor trusts his neigh-
bor knowing that his homestead will never
respond to the debt, and if the homestead law
remains in forcc he will wail, as lie iulended,
until his debtor pays him every penny. But
jiass this bill, and yon thereby inspire the cred-
itor with something of your own eruelt y. The
friendship in which the debt originated is for-
gotten in the tempting opportunity which jou
.suddenly hold out to wrest an estate from a
lieljilessneighbor. A baudoningthe.State courts,
which ordinarily dispense justice at reasonable
charges between citizens of the same State, lie
drags his neighbor into the dreaded machinery
of the Federal courts, which are, in some parts
of the country, hardly less terrible to the people
than the Star Chamber or the Inquisition itself.
The creditor does this only to find the mirage
of his neighbor's homestead, which deluded
him on, disappear m the ever-thirsty sands of
Federal fee-bills, as the oasis of the enchanted
traveler disappears in the sands of the desert.
The debtor is ruined. Ilis wife and children
arc homeless paupers. The creditor has gained
not a farthing. The friendship of years is bro-
ken up. And worse than all, the Federal Gov-
ernment has lo3t a pillar of strength which it
•could not afford to lose. Will you wonder if
he curses the suicidal folly of that Government
which is ready to ruin not only him and his
wife and children and creditor, but ateo even
itself?
It will not do, sir, at this day, to pretend that
the creditor who is a citizen of a different State
sustains a relation substantially different from
this. For you know, sir, that the merchant of
Now York or Philadelphia or Boston who
trades with western men knows the collection
iaws of the States of his western customers as
well _as he knows those of his own State. The
published-books containing the collection laws
of the several States in circulation among mer-
chants are as countless as dictionaries and bet-
ter read than their Bibles. And what is more,
it will result from the difference in the character
and extent of the transactions that when claims
from other States come into conflict with the
homestead law once, those from the same State
will come into such conflict a thousand times.
But, sir, while it is true that the nation itself
derives the highest benefit from these State ex-
emption laws, it is also true that they are of
inestimable value to the people, to widows and
to orphans no less than to men. Their pres-
ence in the body of the laws of a people con-
stitutes a mile-stone in the progress of the com-
mercial world from that brutality which made
the creditor the cannibal tormentor of the
debtor, to the ameliorations of modern civili-
zation. The value of exemptions is recognized
in the legislation of almost all the States. In-
deed, they are established by the declaration of
rights in the constitution of my own State, in
these words:
" The privilege of the debtor to enjoy the necessary
comforts of life shall be recognized by wholesome
laws, exempting a reasonable amount of property
from seizure or sale for the payment of any debt or
liability hereafter contracted."
In obedience to this injunction of the con-
stitution of Wisconsin, our Legislature has en-
acted laws exempting certain property, real and
personal, from seizure or sale for the payment
of debts contracted after their enactment. The
business of our people, transacted with each
other and with citizens of other States, has been
transacted with reference to these constitutional
and statutory provisions. It is a part of our
system which has become endeared to our peo-
ple by experience of its benefits, and it will not,
bo torn from them with impunity by this or any
other Congress. When you ask me to vote for
a compulsory bankrupt act which will, without
occasion or excuse, abrogate not only our stat-
utes, but even our constitution, your demand
is unreasonable and I must resist it. If you
could show me that the welfare of the whole
country demanded that wc should now exercise
our constitutional power by enacting a com-
pulsory bankrupt law which would annihilate
State laws and constitutions. I should feel bound
to vote for your law, however reluctant to in-
juu; my own people. But-, sir, you can show
no such thing. On the contrary, I have shown
you that you are called upon neither by the
wishes nor by the interests of the people at
large, or of any considerable portion of them,
to make this law. Sir, I would hesitate to say
that the distressed farmer or mechanic should
either forego the benefits of voluntary bank-
ruptcy or tear down the roof that covers liis
wife and children, and lead them out penniless
and shelterless into the world. But if I could
consent to that, I could not consent to drive
him into compulsory bankruptcy, and then
ingulf him in such hopeless ruin.
I shall, therefore, oppose this bill on the
ground that it destroys wise and salutary ex-
emptions, which have gradually grown up in
most, if not all, of the States, have become
incorporated as an integral part into the body
of their laws, and become, with good reason,
unspeakably dear to the masses of the Amer-
ican people, however unimportant or repulsive
they may be to manufacturing or mercantile
capitalists in particular localities. That this
bill will, it'enacted, abrogate these exemptions
no man can doubt. When my attention was
first called to it I prepared an amendment lim-
iting the operation of its compulsory provis-
ions to such real and personal estate of the
debtor as should not be exempted from attach-
ment or seizure or levy 011 execution by the
laws of the State of his residence. But it be-
canjtf apparent that such an amendment would
render the bill unconstitutional, for it must be
uniform in order to be constitutional; and uni-
formity as to the property subject to or exempt
from its operation is as indispensable as uni-
formity in any other particular. Now, if no
bankrupi law is in force the homestead exemp-
tion is violative neither of the letter nor of the
spirit of the Federal Constitution. But if a
bankrupt law is enacted, and the State exemp-
tions are not expressly saved. they are destroyed
by the constitutional provision made operative
by the enactment of the law. If the exemp-
tions are expressly saved by such a structure
of the bill as makes it operative upon property
not exempted, and on such property only, then
the bill falls to the ground as unconstitutional
in all its length and breadth. If, however, the
exemptions are expressly saved by such a
structure of the act as extends its operation to
all the estate of the debtor, and then excepts
therefrom the property exempted by State laws,
the exception alone falls as unconstitutional,
and the law crushes to powder our homestead
exemptions. Thereis, then, no middle ground.
This compulsory bankrupt law will destroy our
homestead laws, or we must destroy it. In my
judgment, if we enact this law we shall, after a
very short experience of its practical opera-
tion, become satisfied, not only that we have
incurred, but that wo have justly incurred, the
displeasure of the country.
If the principle of the compulsory clause of
this law is objectionable, so also are the de-
tails by which it is carried into execution. With
a high hand it assumes to reverse that solid
maxim that the accused is presumed to be in-
nocent until proven to be guilty, and actually
attempts the absurdity of holding the accused
guilty unless he shall establish his innocence
by proving a negative. When the trial or hear-
ing is held, to determine whether the alleged
act of bankruptcy has been committed, what is
the rule of procedure? Are the proceedings to
be dismissed unless the accusing creditor shall
prove the truth of his accusation ? Shall the
accused go free unless his accuser shall prove
what he has charged, that the debtor has ab-
sconded, or removed his property, or assigned,
sold, conveyed, or transferred it, to defraud or
hinder his creditors, or has been arrested or
imprisoned, or has confessed judgment, to de-
feat this act? No, sir; there is no such thing
in the bond. The burden of proof is shifted to
the shoulders of the debtor. These are the
concluding words of the forty-first section of
the bill:
"And if upon such hearing or trial the debtor proves
to the satisfaction of the court or of the jury, as the
case may be, that the facts set forth in the petition
are not true, or that the debtor has paid and satisfied
all liens upon his property, in ease the existence of
sueb liens was the sole pcround of the proceeding, the
proceeding shall be dismissed."
And you will not fail to observe, sir, that
whereas the proof of a negative in ordinary
cases is proverbially difficult, the proof of the
negative of either of the allegations of pre-
scribed acts of bankruptcy is peculiarly difficult.
It is in such circumstances of aggravated hard-
ship that the accused must assume the hitherto
unheard-of burden of actually proving his own
innocence before any attempt is made to prove
his guilt. How natural that a law conceived in
the spirit of the Inquisition should drag its
machinery along in its train! And mark you!
In the next section it is provided that the bank-
ruptcy shall be adjudged, not if the creditor shall
prove the facts alleged in hispetitiontobe true,
but if the judge shall find them to be true ; leav-
ing the unjust, judge a pretext to find them true
if the debtor shall not have proven them not to
be true under the requirement, just read. Sir, it
will be superfluous to comment, on legislation
like this, whether operative on merchants, me-
chanics, farmers, or anybody else.
There is oue other provision which must not
be overlooked. It will only be necessary to
translate it from the verbiage of the law into
common English, in order to exhibit its enor
mitics. The district judge may, if, after the
commencement of the proceedings, creditors
holding three fourths of the claims shall rec-
ommend it, appoint trustees to supersede the
assignees, and without giving an y security what-
ever, wind_ up the estate under the direction
of a committee of creditors, with all the pow-
ers of assignees in bankruptcy. Sir, I fancy I
see the vultures, that fatten on fees and costs
already flapping their wings for the banquet to
which this provision invites them. And yet
there is something better still in store for them.
