i86a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of it! . Would yon exclude young men of that
age, because they engaged in a contest in which
all their neighbors and all their people were
more or less involved, from the advantages
which are extended to other young men of the
country, and embitter and make more hostile
to our institutions those young men ? I think
the true policy would be to endeavor, so far as
■we can, to get the young men of the South,
those who have been misled and carried away
into the rebellion, to come to the North, to
come to our schools, and intermingle with our
Eeople, now that the groat bone of contention
as been gnawed to pieces in the struggle, that
we may all harmonize together and l'eel that
we have a common interest in defending a com-
mon republic.
I am satisfied from all the lessons of history
that this policy of proscription, this policy of
imposing punishments not fixed and regulated
by law, not following upon conviction in a court
of justice, is not only bad policy, not only a
blunder, but a crime. I have no sympathy for
the leaders of the rebellion; I have no sym-
pathy for the bad men who fomented it, and
who taught the various sections to hate each
other; but for the people, for the youth of the
people, I have no condemnation, particularly
after what has taken place, and after they have
suffered the calamities of war. That I take to
be the just penalty, and they stand acquitted
when it is paid.
Now, as was said by the Senator from Maine,
and better said than I can say it, the idea that
this remnant which belongs to the South by the
Constitution and the laws, that the chances
which remain to her since she has submitted
should be taken away is painful; a melancholy
example, 1 fear, of how far the passions of men
may lead them to disregard, not only their true
interests, but those of the country.
Mr. WILSON. The speech the Senator
from Pennsylvania has just made, and the
statement he has made to us in regard to his
campaign in Texas, gives to me a key to his
line of policy here, and I think I now know
him a groat deal better than I did. I will say to
the Senator that it seems to mo a very strange
thing that we are discussing in the Senate of
the United States to-day whether we shall send
men who have fought in the rebel armies to
West Point to educate them at the public ex-
pense with the sons of men who have given
their lives in the defense of the country. What
will the young men of this country, whose
fathers and brothers and friends have fallen in
this war, think of the Congress of the United
States if we send men who havofought in the
rebel armies, and perhaps shot down their
fathers and brothers and friends, to West Point
to be educated with them? 1 am surprised
that any Senators here should advocate a pol-
icy of that character. I am willing that the
young men 9 the South should be educated,
and educated in our colleges and schools, any-
where and everywhere, at their own expense.
I hope they will be educated, and taught bet-
ter than they have been taught in the years of
the past; but for the Government of the Uni-
ted States to permit the men who have served
in the rebel armies to be educated at West
Point at the public expense seems to me to
be to elevate treason and to put a mark of dis-
honor upon fidelity to the country. It is a fact
everywhere manifest about us that every effort
is being made that can be made to make
rebellion and treason- respectable.
As to the amendment just movgd by the
Senator from Illinois, I agree with the Senator
from Maine that we had better keep it off this
bill. I am willing to do anything that is lib-
eral and fair toward the people of the rebel
States; but, sir, to take the men from their
armies and put them with the young men of
this country to be educated at West Point, or
at the Naval School, seems to me little less
than elevating -treason at the expense of loy-
alty to the country.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the proposed amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask for the yeas and
nayS upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. POMEIIOY. This nmendnient.prevents
the doing of a thing which 1 think would be
very commendable if it could be done. There
are in all the districts of the South some very
loyal young men who have been in our Army.
This amendment would prevent the President
from appointing those young men to the Mil-
itary Academy. I do not know that they would
stand the ghost of a chance to got appointed ;
but it would prevent their being appointed if
they stood a chance. I would like to see some
of the young men in the South, who have suf-
fered the loss of all things, who have been
truer to our cause than the needle to the pole,
because they would not turn even in the pres-
ence of the metals, appointed to our Military
Academy ; but, this amendment prevents that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
Kansas will allow me, I will ask him whether
ho is for changing the law, and talcing away
from the member of the House the right to
recommend the appointment from his district.
The object of this amendment is to exccute
the law as it has been understood, I believe,
ever since this Academy was established. These
whole forty appointments, if there are so many
vacant, if you will not adopt some such meas-
ure as this, may, under the practice that is
prevailing, every one of them be made from
the District of Columbia. Is the Senator for
leaving the law in that way? When wo have
established an institution and undertaken to
fill it up by students from each congressional
district in the United States, is ho now for
throwing it open, and telling the President to
appoint, if he pleases, from the District of
Columbia fifty persons? lie will not, by voting
this amendment down, give the appointments
to these congressional districts. The Presi-
dent has a certain number, ten, at largo, that
he can appoint annually. The object of this
amendment is to prevent the appointment in
vacancies from congressional districts until
there is a Representative to recommend some-
body from the district.
Mr. GRIMES. How docs this amendment
change the law as it now stands?
Mr. TRUMBULL. According to my under-
standing of it, perhaps not at all: but there is
a dispute about the law. It is contended by
some that the Secretary of War or the Pres-
ident has the right to appoint every single
person to West Point irrespective of the rec-
ommendations of the Representatives in the
congressional districts. This fixes the law.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator from Illinois if that is not in fact the law,
and if it is not a matter of usage simply that
appointments are made upon the nominations
of members of the House?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it is partly a
matter of usage; but there is some color of
law for it. j think there is a statute that
rather recognizes this as the law; if not, a
regulation.
Mr. HENDRICKS. T have understood that
it was a matter of usage simply. I never in-
vestigated the law myself.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, two years
ago General Sherman, when in command at
Vicksburg, directed an inquiry to be made
among the various regiments that composed
his army for the young men who had most dis-
tinguished themselves and were best qualified
to make soldiers, and he instituted an exarn-
ining board who investigated as to their merits,
and among the young men thus selected were
four very good young men from my own State.
They were selected and are. now at West Point.
Now, as 1 understand it, the proper, legiti-
mate, and logical sequence of the adoption of
this proposition is that they will be turned out.
Mr. 9L'R U MB ULL. No"t at all.
Mr. GRIMES. I know this proposition does
not do that: but the logical sequence would be
that they ought to be turned out, and that we
should adopt an amendment tor-morrow to turn
them out, because there was no law by which
they could have been appointed. -1 am not going
to place them in any such category as that. '
'The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 14, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Chandler, Clark, Conncss, Cras-
well, Edmunds. Harris, Howard, Howe. Kirkwood,
Nye, Sprague, Sumner, Trumbull, and Wade—H. - ,
NAYS—Messrs. Bucltalew, Cowan, Davis. Dixon,
Poolittle. Fessenden, Foster, Grimes, Guthrie, Hen-
derson, Hendricks, Johnson, Lane of Kansas, Mor-
gan, Norton, Poraeroy, Sherman, Stewart, Van Win-
kle, Willey, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—23.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Cragin, Lano
of Indiana, MeDougall, Morrill, Nesmith, Poland,
ltamsey. Riddle, Saulsbury, and Wright—12.
So the amendment to the amendment was
0 otccl*
^ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time.
It was read the third time and passed.
order of business.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of the forti-
fication bill. I merely desire to take it up so'
as to have it as the order of the day for to-
morrow.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I desire to suggest
to the Senator that to-morrow has been as-
signed by a resolution of the Senate for the
consideration of the business of the Committee
on Pensions, after one o'clock.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 desire to finish this
bill this week, if it be possible, to get it out of
the way. It is an appropriation bill.
'The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that, the Senate proceed to the consideration
of the bill (II. 11. No. 255) making appropria-
tions for the construction, preservation, and
repairs of certain fortifications and other works
of defense for the year ending June 30, 18G7.
Mr. HENDRICKS. _ I do not think the
chairman of the Committee on Finance ought
to call up the bill that he now proposes to take
up, with a view of making it the order for to-
morrow, or to have it before the Senate so as
to exclude the special order, in the absence of
my colleague, the chairman of the Committee
on Pensions, because, as I understand, thebusi-
ncssof that committee has been made the order
for to-morrow at one o'clock. I think he ought
to postpone his motion until my colleague is in
the Senate. I believe he is not well to-day,
and is not here now.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I think that matter can
be arranged perhaps; but I do not know.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 dare say, if my cqL
league were here, he would not interpose any
objection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. • Let us take it up, and
if the Senator is here in the morning I will
leave it to the Senate to decide upon the two
bills. I only want this to take precedence of
anything else, and it is absolutely necessary
now, as the business is laid out, to get through
with the appropriation bills.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not question that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We shall probably not
sit on Saturday, and I should like to have this
bill taken up, and then we can arrange the
matter to-morrow.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Do you expect a ses-
sion on Saturday?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Probably not.
Mr. SHERMAN. The bill to fund the pub-
lic debt ought to be taken up at some time ;
and I desire now to have some understanding
about it. The appropriation bills are mattera
of course, and will pass of course—the forti-
fication bill with the rest. - There is no ques-
tion about that. The funding bill is from the
same committee. The very weight of the ap-
propriation bills will carry them through. Now,
I submit it to the Senate, as I cannot.agree with
the Senator from Maine on the subject, whether
we ought not to take up the bill with regard to
funding the public debt, so as to enable the
Secretary of the Treasury to determine upon
the loan which ho intends to put upon the mar-
ket. I say to the Senate it is a matter of vital
