828
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
where the power to usurp tlie local jurisdiction
of the- States; and I will cheerfully give way
to any one who will undertake to furnish the
information.
■I kaow that some have pretended that Con-
gress acquires the powers asserted in this bill by
virtue of the second clause of the amendment
to the Constitution recently adopted. That
amendment is as follows:
"Neitherslavery nor involuntary servitude, except
as a punishment for crime whereof the party shall be
duly convicted, shall exist within the United States,
or any place subject to their jurisdiction.
"Seo. 2. Congress shall havo power to enforce this
provision by appropriate legislation."
Congress has power to enforce what? The
abolition of slavery. This is not denied. Sla-
very is abolished throughout the entire land.
If any man asserts the right to hold another
in bondage as his slave, his chattel, and refuses
to let him go free, Congress can by law, under
this clause, provide by appropriate legislation
for the punishment of the offender and the pro-
tection from slavery of the freedman. But Con-
gress has acquired not a particle of additional
power other than this by virtue of this amend-
ment. Whether it was right or wrong to abol-
ish slavery in the manner in which it was done,
none deny that it is now abolished. Not one
man in the whole land is attempting, by virtue
of local law or otherwise to hold another man
in bondage as his slave, in the sense in which
this term is used in American law.
The power which one man claims to the ser-
vice of another—the power to hold him in sub-
jection to his will, and to sell liim as property
—that was slavery as understood at the time
this section was ingrafted in the Constitution.
Now, sir, under this second section, unques-
tionably if there is any attempt to reduce these
men again to this kind of slavery, if any master
refuses to allow his former slave to go at large,
to leave his plantation, his county, or State, to
havo perfect right of locomotion, then it is
within the power of the Federal Government,
under this clause, to interpose, and to provide by
law for a punishment for such an attempt. But,
sir, does that empower this Government to cor-
rect or interfere with legislation in regard to
different classes in the same State, or different
peoples in this Government ? Unquestionably
not. In California legislation discriminates
against a class of Asiatics that have settled
among them. In the State of Illinois we do not
grant to the African race all the privileges find
immunities which are granted to the white race.
But, sir. is the black man in Illinois in conse-
quence of that a slave ? If unjust and unequal
laws make all slaves who are injured thereby,
then, sir, we of the West are all now reduced
to slavery. Although we have the finest coun-
try on earth, our people are now borne down
almost to the verge of poverty by a system
of class legislation. The mauitfaelnrers and
capitalists of the country, taking advantage of
the power they havo acquired in the national
Legislature, have imposed a most unjust and
outrageous tariff and financial system upon
us by the combined ell'ect of which the mass
of the people in the West are now compelled
to pay from two to four times as much for
any article of merchandise they buy as they
have over been required to pay at any former
time, and while this is so their grain is rot-
ting in their granaries for want of markets. And
yet you have sent } our tax-gatherers to every
man's homestead ; they are in every county,
North and South; they are (living into the cel-
lars, scrambling into ihe garrets, and prying
everywhere to find something on which to' lay
their inexorable grasp. Every article thai the
farmer buys is doubly taxed before it reaches
him. A few years ago, during those Adminis-
trations which the saintly patriots on this floor
are so eloquent in denouncing, the poor man
of the West could with one dollar buy ten yards
of the heaviest brown sheetings for his family.
Now it takes five dollars tobuythe same goods.
And. sir, itis no exaggeration to say that'of the
larger part of tins additional four dollars you
arc literally rubbing him, by the jugglery of
class legislation, fancied in pari to add to the
swollen hoards of the manufacturers of New
England, and the bankers, speculators, and
bond-holders of the country. The farmer is
taxed on everything he eats, drinks, or wears,
on all that he owns, all that, ho buys, and all
that he sells; on the bed on which he lies down
to die, and on the coffin in which lie is- buried.
And even then he does not escape you, for be-
fore the clods-are settled upon his grave your
tax-gatherer lays his grasp upon the heritage
he leaves to his children.
All this he might endure if the burdens you
impose fell equally upon all classes. But, sir,
while the western farmer is thus literally hunted
down the wealthy bond-holder, who counts his
income by the hundred thousand dollars, is by
your legislation actually exempted from taxa-
tion, while the lordly manufacturer is protected
—yes, that is the word—protected in the priv-
ilege of charging for his goods double what they
could be" bought for if free competition with the
world were allowed by your laws. The increase
in wealth of these favored classes is without a
parallel. Their incomes are more than princely,
'i hey dazzle us with their lordly equipages as
they dash by us. Their palatial residences,
whose glittering domes almost kiss the heavens,
rise as if by magic before our astonished gaze.
And this political jugglery, this legislative sys-
tem of robbery, has not only been permitted,
but, sir, these laws have been enacted without
so much as a protest from the llepresentalives
of the West of the dominant party. These gen-
tlemen have been so much occupied in glorifying
and magnifying their own immaculate virtues
and rampant, patriotism that they have entirely
forgotten the interests of their constituents.
But, sir, the people of the West are beginning to
understand this legislative hocus-pocus by which
their money is conjured out of then- pockets into
the plethoric coffers of the money lords of the
land; and a storm is now gathering that will
hurl from their seats many over-righteous pa-
triots, who are now so completely absorbed with
(he contemplation of their own exalted virtues
that they do not even now suspect the danger.
if, then, unjust legislation makes slaves of
, those who are wronged thereby, we of the West
I are this day being subjected and reduced to
worse than Egyptian bondage. But this is not
the sense in which the word was imcd in the
Constitution. It referred lo slavery only as it
was known in the southern States, the system
by which one man held another as his property.
That system of slavery is abolished, and the
federal Government has the right to «ee that
men are not reduced to that system of slavery,
and they have no power beyond that under that
clause of the Constitution.
Now, to come down to some of the details of
this bill. Section six gives the right to the
Freedmen's Bureau to go into the States, ad
libitum ct ml iujiiiitum. without any limit but
: their own discretion, and buy up the lands of
the country. And for what? 1' on he jiurjio.se
of settling thereon the freedmen of ihe eouu-
! try. and protecting and maintaining them until
they become, 1 suppose, a sell-sustaining insti-
tution.
Again. I ask where they obtain the power to
do that. I deny it. and the duty devolves upon
those who claim that the power exists to show
i it. If any gentleman thinks there is any such
power in the Constitution, let him name it now.
I am ready to hear it. I deny that there is in
the Federal Constitution any power given to
Congress to authorize the Secretary of War, or
any one else, in the name of the Government, to
go into the States and buy top the lands of the
country and pell them ontagain. Congrosshns
power to dispose of the public hands, and it is
only under that jirovisiou of the Constitution
that the public domain is disposed of; but Con-
gress has no power under the Constitution to
buy up ! :i:i'; - for the purpose of sjiceulation, or
for any charitable or other purpose whatever.
I shall confine my remarks mainly to the bill
as it passed the Senate and is now before the
House. 1 am aware that some amendments
have been offered. Whether they shall be adopt-
ed or not, they do not in my judgment to any
great extent remove the objections which I en-
tertain to the bill now before the House. 1 wish
to call the attention of the House first to the
provisions of sectionseven. I will read it, that
the points I intend to make may lie better un-
derstood by those who favor me with t heir atten-
tion:
Sec. 7. And be it further enacte'h That whenever in
any State or district in which the ordinary course of
judicial proceedings has been interrupted by ihe
bellion, and wherein, in consequence of any State or
local law, ordinance, police, or other regulation, cus-
tom, or prejudice, any of the civil lights or immuni-
ties belonging to white persons, including the right to
make and enforce contracts, to sue, be parties, and
give evidence, to inherit, purchase, lease, sell, hold,
and convey real and personal property, and to have
full and equal benefit of all lows and proceedings for
thosecurity of person and estate, are refused or denied
to negroes, mulattocs, freedmen, retugees, or any other
pel sons, on account of race, color, or any previous con-
dition of slavery or involuntary servitude, except as
a punishment for crime whereof the party shall have
been duly convicted, or wherein they or any of them
arcsubieeted to any other or difterent punishment,
pains, or penalties, for the commission of any act or
oflciise, than are prescribed for white persons com-
muting like acts or oth-nses, it shall be the duty ot the
President of the United Stales, through the Commis-
sioner. to extend military piotection and jurisdiction
over all cases afteeting such persons so discriminated
against.
Now, I contend that under the construction
which may and probably will be put upon this
section and the subsequent sections, this bill
will establish military law in every State and in
every county of the United States, and give the
military arm of the Government power to go
into Kentucky, into Tennessee, or into Illinois,
and there establish military tribunals for the
purpose of protecting the freedmen, and over-
ride the laws of the States.
Now. it so happens that in the State of Illi-
nois, in Indiana, and in'many others of the
northern .States, a discrimination in some re-
spects is made against those of the African race,
and I contend that wherever any such discrim-
ination is made against them, under the pro-
visions of this bill, it is within the power of the
Federal Government to scud its officers there
and establish military tribunals within e\ery
Slate and district of the Union.
Mr. EJjIOT. I would ask the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Map,SUA!,!,] whether he would be
understood as saying that in the State of Illi-
nois the ordinary course of judicial proceed-
ings has been interrupted by the rebellion?
Mr. MA USUALL. This bill is lo be con-
strued by a class of men io whom I shall refer
directly, and who I suppose may be called
.judges, who are created by this bill as officers,
from whose decisions there is no appeal, and
which the military is to be called upon to en-
force. I intend briefly to show the reasons for
mv saying that under this bill you are estab-
lishing military tribunals in every county in the
United States, in each State "where the course
of judicial proceedings has been interrupted
by the rebellion." Now, 1 say fhatin one sense
the course of judicial proceedings has been
interrupted by the rebellion in every Stale in
the Union. During the rebellion, and as a
result of it, the privilege of the writ of /tubals
corpus was suspended, and martial law "was
declared as the law of the land over this entire
Union. Men were arrested in disregard of the
laws of the States, and the judges of the State
of Illinois were prohibited from exercising
tlieir jurisdiction and duties in many respects,
and one of them, Judge Constable, was impris-
oned in consequence of the performance of his
official unties. He was seized and dragged off
to another State and there kept in eusi oily, be-
cause he attempted to enforce the laws of the
4 taleof Illinois. Anoiher eminent judge of my
Stale was dragged away from his home and
official duties and imprisoned for months within
sight of this Capitol. Martial law prevailed as
the law of the land, as the result of the rebel-
lion, in every State of the Union, and the course
of judicial proceedings was to that extent inter-
rupted, as the result of the rebellion in every
State. Whether that would be the construction
that a Chief Justice Marshall or any other em-
inent jurist would place upon this provision, I
cannot say. We are to consider whether those
who are to enforce this law, and from whoso
