2652
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
importance that that question should be settled
one way or the other as speedily as possible.
If the Senate shall vote down the proposition,
the Secretary will pursue another course. The
fortification bill is a matter of no moment. I say
that, knowing the condition of public business.
There is ample time to consider it. It is a bill
that will pass at any time, on its own merits
and weight. Now, I submit whether as Mon-
day is set aside for the report of the reconstruc-
tion committee, which will probably take a long
time, whether we ought not to take up the
funding bill, which I regard as the most impor-
tant now pending, and on which there ought
to be some action. I shall, therefore, contrary
to the general usage in these matters, vote
against the motion of the Senator from Maine,
because I think the funding bill, from the same
committee, ought to have the preference at this
time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know of any-
body but the Senator from Ohio who regards |
this funding bill as of any consequence to be
taken up.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am not to be put olf
by remarks of that kind. The Senator may
have his opinion. I have mine. I have just
as good a right to my opinions as he has to his.
He knows that the fortification appropriation
bill is not of any importance, and it is brought
up for the purpose of preventing the vote on
the funding bill.
Mr. FESSEMDEN. That is not so.
The PRESLDENT pro tempore. Senators
must observe order, and not interrupt each
other in debate.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator has already
displayed too much feeling. The other day,
when I reported the bill, he said he would
prevent it from coming up at all times. We
are accustomed somewhat to his impatient
remarks; but at the same time I have my
duty to perform, and I say here now, repre-
senting a majority of the Finance Committee,
that I have the right to have this question heard,
at least, unless he should outvote me. Upon
questions of this kind I do not like to have any
personal feeling. I desire that the funding
' ill should be brought to the consideration of
the Senate. It is a matter of vital importance,
and therefore I intend, representing the major-
ity of the committee, to antagonize that bill
against the bill now proposed to be taken up.
This fortification bill is a matter of no moment
whatever. The Senator knows as well as I do
that it will pass. It cannot operate until the
1st of July next, and can have no effect and
no influence whatever until then, while this
funding bill, if it is to pass at all, ought to be
passed promptly. That is the condition of
the public business, and I therefore shall vote
against the motion. If there is a special order
to-morrow that overrides both, we have got to
submit.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is manifest that we
are accomplishing no business to-night, and I
move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have
the Senator withdraw that motion for a mo-
ment until I make ati explanation. I must
reply to the Senator from Ohio, and then he
may renew it if he pleases.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will withdraw it at a
personal request, if the Senator wishes to say
anything; but I think we had better adjourn.
. The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion to adjourn is withdrawn.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I gave
notice early this week that I should call up the
appropriation bills during this week—three of
them—in order to dispose of them ; that we were
getting to a period of the session when they
ought to be taken up and disposed of, those
of them that we intended to dispose of at this
period; and I did it quite as much for this
reason as 1'or any other, that the Seuator from
Ohio had been at me continually to take up
the appropriation bills and get them out of the
way.
Mr. SHERMxiN. Tliat was^ long enough
ago, when you could have done it then.
£
Mr. FESSENDEN. Exactly; and the
longer the time was deferred, the more nefces-
sary it was to get at them some day or other.
While I was detained from my seat in the Sen-
ate by illness the Senator from Ohio took up
one or two of those bills in order to pass
them; he deemed it so important. I gave no-
tice early in the week that I should take up
the bills, if I could, this week, because next
week is set aside for the consideration of other
business.
Now the Senator regards his funding bill
as of importance. I do not. The remark that
I made the other day was simply this: that he
reported it with the consent of the Committee
on Finance, not that the majority agreed to it,
as he knows very well 
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know any such
thing.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator had
listened to the remarks that were made and the
reasons that were given by members of the
committee why they allowed it to be reported,
he would have known it.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator is out of
order in making such an allusion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Senators
will address the Chair, and not interrupt each
other while debate is proceeding.
Mr. FESSENDEN. When the Senator re-
ported the bill I made the remark that 1 was
opposed to it because I had given notice in the
committee that I should oppose it, and I
deemed it quite as much my duty to say that
in order that it should not go to the country
that that bill met with the entire concurrence
of the Committee on Finance, and I made the
remark because T knew the use that would be
made of the report if that statement had not
accompanied it.
Now, sir, the Senator regards that bill as of
great importance. I made the remark that I
did not know anybody else that did regard it
of so much importance to be taken up immedi-
ately. Perhaps he can make out that it is, and
perhaps there are others who think so; but
still my remark is a correct one, that I do not
know anybody else who regards its being taken
up immediately as of much consequence.
I do not doubt that the appropriation bill
which I have mentioned will pass at some time
or other before we adjourn ; but it is neces-
sary to have these things in progress. We
have the Army bill behind. That has not
passed. We have the principal appropriation
bill behind, the executive and legislative bill,
which has not yet been taken up; and we have
the question of reconstruction to dispose of,
which will take some considerable time.
My view of the matter, therefore, as having
charge, in some degree, of the business of the
Senate in connection with these measures that
must be passed at some time, was that, at this
late period of the session, some of those bills
should bo swept out of the way. I have been
continually met with this funding bill.
Well, sir, I do not think myself, and the
Senator will pardon me for expressing it again,
that it is of so much consequence, because I
am opposed to it. I take it that I had a right
to say I was opposed to it, and to say that I
was not in favor of it, because I was opposed
to it in every shape. The remark, I take it,
was pardonable. And now I really do not
think that the Senator had the right, after I
gave notice so long ago as Monday that I wanted
to take up these bills, and after he has been
urging me continually to take them up and get
them out of the way, to interpose the bill to
which he seems so much attached. That is
my notion with regard to it. I may be wrong,
but still I entertain that opinion.
Mr. COWAN. Now, let us adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. Just one word. I un-
doubtedly did say to the Senator, expressing
my opinion, that he should have taken up the
appropriation bills some time ago when all
these formal bills, about which there is little
debate, could have been acted upon and got
out of the way, leaving the important bills until
the close of the session, as is usual. Undoubt-
edly I did say that, and undoubtedly that was
the proper course.
But here is the trouble: the Senator and I
differ in regard to an important bill. He has
undertaken to say what has occurred in com-
mittee. I think that that was improper; cer-
tainly it was in violation of the rule. I take
it that every person who votes in committee
votes his sentiments; and therefore, as I was
authorized to report this bill, it was reported
by the majority of the committee. I do not
controvert with the Senator about what occurred
there. The members are here present; and
they know very well whether or not they gave
their assent to the bill. I only wish to say that
that bill is considered, not only by myself, but
by others, as of the highest importance. The
Senator must have seen two or three letters
from the Secretary of the Treasury on the sub.
ject, asking us to pass that bill. I state to the
Senate, now, the fact that the question as to the
loan that will be put upon the market is wait-
ing for our action upon that bill. That is a fact
that my honorable friend must know as well as
myself.
Under these circumstances, to bring up the
fortification appropriation bills justatthis time,
when the Senator has blocked out the business
for next week and the week after, crowding out
this important bill which he does not happen
to agree with, against the report of the com-"
mittee, of which he is chairman, and therefore
the. most influential member, and crowding in
these little bills that have laid on our table for
weeks, did seem to me to justify the remark I
made, that it was done for the purpose of
crowding off that funding bill,
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator must rec-
ollect that I gave notice on Monday of this
week that I should take up these bills in order
to pass them, and his bill was not decided on
in committee until Tuesday.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state fuither that
the Senator spoke about two bills, the diplo-
matic and consular bill and the West PMnt
bill. The fortification bill is a matter of no
moment, and will take no time. Under these
circumstances, I have a right to say, from the
evidence before us, that the Senator desires,-
as a part of his parliamentary opposition to
this bill, to interpose other bills to prevent it
coming up, because when else can we take it
up if we do not take it up now? Under the
circumstances, I say, I am justified in sa3'ingit.
All I desire is to submit this proposition, which
I can demonstrate to be not only extremely
important but a measure which in my judg-
ment will sav,# the Government, in a short time
$20,000,000 a year, to the deliberate judgment
of the Senate. If the Senate shall vote the bill
down, I shall have no regrets. It is only a
question of public economy. It is not a ques-
tion that affects me in the slightest degree either
way. That is the feeling I liad,|pnd I felt in
interposing now that I was performing an un-
pleasant duty. I desire to bring that bill (even
against the opposition of the Senator from
Maine) to the consideration of the Senate, and
after it is heard and debated—it. will be debated-
by me very briefly—I am willing to take the
judgment of the Senate upon it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I renew the motion to
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
'Thursday, May 17, 1866.
The House metattwelveo'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
henry packard.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution authorizing the settle-
ment ot the accounts of Henry Packard,
deceased, late assistant paymaster of the Uni-
ted States Navy; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
