tHE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8613
in alternate sections to aid in the construction
and extension of the Iron Mountain railroad
from Pilot Knob, in the State of Missouri, to
Helena, in Arkansas;
An act (S. No. 58) granting land to the State
of Oregon to aid in the construction of a mili-
tary Wagon road from Corvallis to the Aquina
bay;
An act (S. No. 56) granting a pension to
Mary C. Hamilton;
An act(S. No. 150) making additional grant
of lands to the State of Minnesota, iu alternate
sections, to aid in the construction of a rail-
road in said State;
An act (S. No. 168) to provide for the dis-
posal of certain lands therein named;
An act (S. No. 215) concerning certain lands
granted to the State of Nevada;
An act (S. No. 299) granting a pension to
Jane E. Miles;
An act (S. No. 314) for the relief of Sarah
J. Purcell; and
An act (S. No. 368) granting a pension to
Mrs. Margaret A. Farran.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had con-
curred in the report of the committee of con-
ference on the -disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the amendments to the bill (H. R.
No. 127) making appropriations for the sup-
port of the Army for the year ending 30th of
June, 1867.
enrolled bills signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed the following enrolled bills and joint
resolution; which were thereupon signed by
the President pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 125) granting aid in the con-
struction of a railroad and telegraph line from
the town of Folsom to the town of Plaeerville,
in the State of California;
A bill (H. R. No. 127) making appropria-
tions for the support, of the Army for the year
ending 30th of June, 1867, and for other pur-
poses;
A bill (H. R. No. 191) to amend an act
making a grant of lands to the State of Minne-
sota to aid in the construction of the railroad
from St. Paul to Lake Superior, approved May
5, 1864; and
A joint resolution (11. R. No. 149) declar-
atory of the law of bounty.
.payment fob army supplies.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The un-
finished business of yesterday is now properly
bet'ore the Senate, being Senate bill No. 217.
^ Mr. SPRAGUE. I ask the honorable mem-
ifer from Vermont who has charge of that bill
to consent to let it lie for the present that a
vote may be taken on my resolution which
was pending this morning. I think there will
be no further discussion upon it.
Mr. POLAND. I have no objection to that
if the resolution will take no time.
Mr. CLARK. I think there may be some
discussion on it. Let us go on with this bill.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the bill (S. No. 217) to provide for the pay-
ment for quartermaster's stores and subsist-
ence supplies furnished to the Army of the
United States, the pending question being on
the amendment of Mr. Wilsox to strike out
in lines six and seven of section one the words
'' or which may have been taken by such offi-
cer without giving such receipt."
Mr. HOWE. Is that amendment open to
amendment?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is.
Mr. HOWE. Will it be in order, if those
words are stricken out, to move then to insert
other words in their place?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be.
Mr. HOWE. Then 1 shall reserve the amend-
ment which I was about to propose.
Mr. CLARK. I hope this amendment of
the Senator from Massachusetts will not be
made. The bill provides that where property
has been taken and a receipt given, and also
where property has been taken by a proper
officer of the Government authorized to direct
the taking of the property, and no. such receipt
lias been given, the property shall be paid for.
Now, I will thank any Senator to tell me why
there should be a distinction in the two cases
if the claim in each is fairly proved. The re-
ceipt is for the purpose of proof. If when the
property was taken the officer taking it gave a
receipt to the man from whom it wag taken
that he had so taken it and that the man was
entitled to be paid for it, then that man had
the proof that his property was taken; but
where a man can clearly prove^ aside from the
receipt, that his property has gone for the ben-
efit of the Government, that it was taken by a
proper officer and used by the Army, pray let
any Senator tell me why he should not be paid
for it. What is the ground of the claim? Sim-
ply that^'ou had the man's property for public
uses and ought to pay him. Ought you not to
pay him just as much where yoa have had his
property and given no receipt as whore yon
have had that property and given a receipt?
And if you allow the man to be paid who has
a receipt and not the man who has no receipt,
then you make the officer who gave the receipt
the power to determine the right of the man to
payment; and perhaps the man who has the
receipt may not be a loyal man and may not
have so good a right to be paid as the man who
has no receipt. The ground of the claim is
the taking of the property and the use of it for
the Government, not the receipt the man may
have from the officer ; and is it not as just to
pay the man who has no receipt as to pay the
man who has the receipt, if he be a loyal man
and you have had his property?
And now one word, Mr. President, in regard
to this bill, to its general provisions, and what,
in my judgment, the Senate ought to do. I
know it is objected that where you have taken
the property of a man in a disloyal State,
whether he be a loyal man or not, you ought
uot to pay him because he was'living in the
enemy's country. Gentlemen undertake to say
that the law is that when two parts of a country
are at war as we have been at war, all citizens
on one side of the line are to be considered as
enemies of the country; that is, everybody who
was..in the disloyal States is to be considered
as an enemy to the Government, no matter
how loyal he was himself, no matter how much
he may have sighed for the appearance of the
Union Army, no matter what aid he may have
given the Union Army in its progress ; ho may
have fed it, he may have housed the soldier, he
may have taken his gun and gone off in your
Army, and vet if he lived within that country
he is an enemy of the country.
I know, sir, that in deciding certain prize
cases in the Supreme Court the court laid down
this rule; but when the Government comes to
deal with its own citizen, and the citizen comes
to the Government for relief, can the Govern-
ment say to that citizen, if he has been a loyal
man, "Because you have lived within that sec-
tion of the country I have no aid for you?"
Why, sir. in the State of Tennessee, which was
within this disloyal country, we raised how
many soldiers?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Thirty thousand.
Mi-. CLARK. Thirty thousand soldiers in
one State within the lines of this disloyal coun-
try. Let me ask the Senator from Michigan
if they were enemies.
Mr. HOWARD. No, sir; they were not
enemies because they were in the service of
the United States as soldiers under the mili-
tary organization.
Mr. CLARK. They were not enemies, though
within the lines of the rebellion, because they
were iu the service of the United States. Then,
toll me if a man living t)y the side of those
thirty thousand soldiers in Tennessee who gave
you his property to feed those soldiers, was not
also in the service of the United States, and
entitled to be paid.
Mr. HOWARD. Do you want an answer
now?
Mr. CLARK'. If the Senator chooses to
give an answer, if he has any answer for it. It
is the man who serves the country and main-
tains his loyalty to the country that is a ft iend
of the Government. He may have been an old
man who could not march with a regiment, who
could not carry his gun, but ho may have said
to the Government, "Here is all I have ; take
it for your service and the Government may
have taken it from him and left him poor and
almost penniless, and shall that Government
turn round when peace has come and say to
him, "I will not pay you for this property?"
Will the Government say to the soldiers, "We
will pay you eleven dollars or thirteen dollars
a month, and to the man who gives you rations
we will not pay one cent?" Is that the justice
of yourGovernment? Isthatthe justice of the
Government which will make your Government
be loved at home and respected abroad ? Why,
sir, it was to maintain the authority of the Gov-"
ernment over this part of the country; nay, sir,
itVas to protect these very Union men to whom
we owed protection in that country, that we
strove in this fight.
I will not say, as the Senator from Michigan
said, that he would not recommend his con-
stituents to pay these loyal men. I say to you,
sir, show me the loyal man that lived in that
country and who suffered as some of those
loyal men did, and not only will I advise my
constituents to pay, but I will divide with him
the last crust.
Mr. HOWARD. Perhaps you may have the
opportunity.
Mr. CLARK. It may be that I may have
an opportunity, and let the opportunity come.
1 will not throw around me, Mr. President,
the dictum of the law that all within those lines
are to be considered enemies. The man that
struggled within those lines to preserve the
Union deserves as much as he who struggled
without the line^for his heart was as true to
Union.
It is said to me, Mr. President, and it is
said to the Senate, there were not many loyal
men within these States. I do not undertake
to say how many, but in the State of Tennes-
see wo found thirty thousand loyal soldiers.
In northern Alabama there were Union men,
and true Union men. Everywhere there were
more or less of them; and where I find one of
these men, if he is the only man in that Sodom,
he shall have the protection of the Govern-
ment, so far asT can give it; and if he has
been true and loyal within the amendment of
the Senator from Illinois, if his loyalty has not
been of the passive k>nd, but of that active
kind which manifested itself all along for the
Government, so much the more is he deserving.
Mr. President, wo do not consider, I fear,
what the loyal men in these districts have'suf
fered. In Now Hampshire, or anywhere in
the northern part of the country, in New York
and in the Northwest, it may have been an
easy thing to have been a loyal man. A man
may have gone with the current. It was a dif-
ficult. thing to be a disloyal man; and if a man ,
manifested any hostility to the Government
ho was apt to be surrounded by a crowd and
mobbed and compelled to put out a flag and
make a speech for the Government. But in
the southern country, where the current was
all the other way, where they were overborne
by masses, it was a struggle, it was a life of
heroism for a man to be a loyal man; and if
through that struggle he maintains his loyalty,
I ask anybody to tell me why, if you have had
that man's property for the benefit of the Gov-
ernment, the Government should not pay him
It is said by the Senator from Michigan and
also by the Senator from Massachusetts that if s
we pass a bill of this kind we shall open the
Treasury of the United States to claims for
millions. It may be so, though I do not believS
it to the extent to which they say, for there is
nothing iu the claims that have come before
Congress np to the present time to justify any
