3614
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
J uly 6,
such remark; but suppose it were so, I ask the
Senator from Michigan, I ask the Senator from
Massachusetts if they are going to shut up the
Treasury and refuse justice to the men who
ought to have the aid of the Government be-
cause men not deserving it may claim it. You
cannot escape these claims; you may postpone
them to-day, you may postpone them this ses-
sion, you may postpone them the nest session;
but the claims will come, and the man 'whose
property you have had, who has been a loyal
man, will not be satisfied until the Government
has done him justice; the public will not be
satisfied until you have done your citizens jus-
tice ; and you had better take the matter in
'jand while the proof is recent and can easily
be made, and it can be shown on which side
the man is, whether a loyal or disloyal man,
and whether the Government have had his
property or not, and how much. It had better
be done now than done at a later day. There
is within the records of the Committee on
Claims a claim made by a citizen against this
Government in what was called "the last war,"
the war of 1812, and at the time he presented
his petition to Congress he asked enly $450.
It was refused him from year to year until in
1825 a commission was appointed by both
Houses of Congress to value the property he
had lost, and they valued it at $2,500. At the
time he suffered the loss it could have been set-
tled for Si-50 ; but as years rolled along, the
claim kept increasing and the proof kept in-
creasing until it swelled up to $2,500. It is
the experience of everybody who has anything
to do with these claims that the longer they lie
the more uncertain they become, and the more
the testimony on one side and the other accu-
mulates the more you are apt to do injustice.
Take the thing when it is new and recent, when
the people standing around, the neighbors,
know how the matter is, and decide it upon the
testimony that is then presented to you, and you
are vastly more likely to do justice than you are
at some subsequent time.
But, Mr. President, Senators seem to have
misapprehended somewhat the nature of this
bill. It is a bill carefully prepared by the
Judiciary Committee, guarded in every way
that it could possibly I think be guarded, so
far as they understood it; and it provides that
where the claim is for over $500, the claimant
shall go to the Court of Claims and make his
proper proof before a judicial tribunal. There
he is to be heard by his counsel upon his claim
on one side, and the Government is to be heard
by its counsel and its proofs on the other side,
and the matter adjudicated as shall seem fair
to the court. But as to those claims which
are under $500, the committee thought it was
hardly worth while to drive the claimant through,
a lawsuit in the Court of Claims. I was myself
for fixing the amount at $300, and letting every-
body.who hadaclaimover$300go to the Court,
of Claims : but the committee thought other-
wise, and thought it would be well and safe to
leave it with the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury to settle these claims under $500;
and I can say to the Senator from Massachu-
setts, I can say to the Senator from Michigan,
that the experience has been that those account-
ing officers and the Quartermaster General and
Commissary General have been hard enough in
all conscience on those people who have any
claims.
And now, sir, why should not this great Gov-
ernment be just to all its citizens? Why should
the man who has been swept away by the cur-
rent of secession, who was a loyal man, be cast
out by the Government? Swept away by se-
cession and then thrown out by his own Gov-
ernment, how hapless is his lot! Who would
want to live under such a Government, who
would praise such a Government, who would
yield it respect? Sir, your Government must
be founded upon its justice and must rely upon
it* justice, and its perpetuity rests upon its be-
nevolence and the.prosperity that it carries to
all classes under it. I am not to be bound by
any line between the loyal States and the dis-
loyal States. I am for restoring in every proper
way that part which was disloyal. Where there
is justice in their claims I am for giving them
their claims; and though they may have struck
at my country's flag, where I can reach out to
them the helping hand, if they be loyal now,
if they accedc to the terms of the Government,
I am for receiving tliem and making the resto-
ration and prosperity of the country complete.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My friend from New
Hampshire is so very eloquent on this subject
that I do not km® but that I ought to yield to
it. Still, it strikes me, after all, that there is
some danger connected with this bill. There
is a manifest distinction between cases where
on the spot the officer who took the property
gave a receipt for it, thus making proof at once,
and cases that may be brought up hereafter to
depend upon oral testimony entirely. Our offi-
cers were not over-anxious, I take it, to con-
sider men as loyal in an enemy's country. It
may be presumed, therefore, and I suppose it
was the fact, that they exercised or tried to
exercise a sound discretion on that subject, and
did not give a receipt for property taken unless
they were satisfied of the loyalty of the person.
So far as that evidence thus taken on the spot
goes, perhaps it may be relied upon with some
considerable degree of safety. But it seems
there arc a great many cases—the argument
of the honorable Senator from New Hampshire
would rather tend to satisfy mo that the cases
are very numerous—where officers who took
property of this description.did not choose to
give any receipts. The inference naturally,
therefore, from that would be that they did not
think the case a proper one for a receipt to be
given, that they were not satisfied about the
party's loyalty. .We propose to legislate that,
although a receipt has not been given, oral
evidence may yet be taken to establish the fact,
iu the first place, of loyalty, and in the next
place, that the property was actually taken and
went to the use of the United States; and where
that is made out, then that the same rule shall
apply which applies to cases where the proper
receipt was given upon the spot.
I think this would be a dangerous practice.
It would be dangerous for several reasons. In
the first place, from the evidence that I have
had and the observation I have made with ref-
erence to other cases, the easiest thing in the
world will be to prove loyalty. I think when it
comes to matters of claim it will be pretty ifrell
made out that there was never anybody down
iu that country who was otherwise than loyal,
but that they were all forced into the rebellion.
Who forced them in, inasmuch as they were all
forced in, we cannot exactly tell; but the argu-
ment now is, whenever there is a claim against
the Government, or whenever anybody wants
a pardon or anything of that sort, that there
was compulsion used from somewhere to force
the whole population into rebellion, and the
evidence is forthcoming at once. From the
regard which has been paid to oaths, so far as
I have observed, and to the taking of oaths, I
do not think it will be very difficult to estab-
lish loyalty in any given case, or to make out
the amount of any claim, or to prove anything
that is necessary.
Then again there is difficulty arising from
the meaning of "loyalty." That, I think,
ought to be defined in the law. If you leave
that to a clcrk in the War Department, very
much will depend upon what sort of a clerk
you have. This will be running along for a
course of years, and we cannot tell what may
be the character of the man to decide the ques-
tion ; he may be one of these "loyal" .people
himself; and very likely he will be, to settle
all these claims on oral testimony that may be
adduced there. Thus it will be within the
power of a clerk in the War Department (be-
cause after all in the office of the Quartermas-
ter General it goes thuragh the hands of clerks
in the first place) to settle all these questions.
Taking the course of time that this will run
over, taking the chances as they will occur,
and all the difficulties about amouuts, I really
do think that in all cases except thos>3 that
were settled upon the spot by the officer who
took the property by giving his receipt for it,
it would be#very unsafe and unwise to open
this door to extraneous proof with regard not
.only to the character of the claimant but the
amount of the claim, and everything about it;
and although that power is limited here to
$500, yet a great many claims of $500 make
considerable of a sum.
For that reason, and outside of the fact that
we had very excellent soldiers from some parts
of the disloyal region, I am in favor of the
amendment proposed by the Senator from
Massachusetts. The case is not like that of
the soldier. My friend from New Hampshire
asked the question, if you would recognize
the loyalty of the soldier and take care of
him why not of his neighbor who furnished
the property? So I would. But with re-
gard to the soldier the rolls show the fact; it
is easily established whether he was serving
the country or not; it does not depend on oral
testimony; it is a matter that is established
as easily as anything else that is matter of
record. Everything of that sort is plain and
palpable; but when you come to oral tes-
timony taken as this must be, and to claims
to be settled as these must be, I think it is
much better that they should go to the court
and be settled judicially rather than in the
way proposed.
Mr. CLARK. Those go to the court be-
yond $500.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I know; but many
claims of $500 will amount to a considerable
sum. Although I agree that I would in some
cases pay such claims if exhibited, yet I would
scrutinize them very carcfully, in the first place
as to the character of the claim itself, and in
the next place as to the character of the claim-
ant. I do not go quite so far as the honorable
Senator from Michigan, but I do not know but
that his view is the correct one after all.
Mr. WILLIAMS. When this bill was brought
forward I had grave doubts about its expedi-
ency, and I am not now fully satisfied that it
ought to pass in its present shape, although I
think it has been improved by the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Illinois. I do
not intend absolutely to commit myself against
the payment of any and all claims that may
have accrued to loyal men in the southern
States during the late rebellion ; and I do not
feel much inclined to commit myself abso-
lutely to the payment of all such claims. I
think that each claim must stand upon its own
popular circumstances; and my objection to
this bill, if I have any objection, is not to any
law providing for the payment of claims held
by loyal men in the southern States so much
as to the mode and the manner provided in this
bill for the settlement or adjustment of these
claims. I confess I have some apprehensions
as to the effect of this bill upon that ground.
A man under the provisions of this bill is
not entitled to recover for the property which
has been taken by showing that he is the owner
of the property and then by showing that it has
been taken and appropriated by the Govern-
ment, but his right of recovery depends upon
his'loyalty. Now, loyalty is something about
which men widely differ, and I think I may
safely say that when a man's loyalty is brought
in question, the decision depends as much upon
the sympathy and opinions of the judge as it
does upon the views and action of the man
whose case is brought to judgment.
This bill proposes, in the first place, to refer
a class of these cases to the Quartermaster Gen-
eral, who is to decidc as to the loyalty of the
claimant, and if persons making claims before
him are found, in his judgment, to be loyal, they
are to be paid, or judgment is to be rendered
in their favor, and Congress is to appropriate
the necessary amount of money to pay that
judgment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They are paid directly.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Now, sir, howdoweknow
what views the Quartermaster General will take
