636
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
is this so of those gallant men who in 1861 and
1862, when the dreadful storm of civil war raged
in all its ftny, did not stop to make terms with
their imperiled country, but, snatching a hasty
kiss from their wives and theirlittle ones, rushed
to the front of battle and held aloft the stars and
stripes amid the iron hail that literally rained
around them. During their absence your cur-
rency became inflated, the necessaries of life
rose to fabulous prices, and the pittance you
gave them would not buy bread for their fam-
ishing babes. And, sir, but for the kind chari-
ties of neighbors and friends many of them
would have perished miserably in starvation
and beggary. Thousands of these brave men
went to battle never to return. Their bones lie
bleaching on the battle-fields made sacred by
their martyrdom. The survivors, and the wid-
ows and orphans of those who have fallen, come
here with their just petition to have a bounty
paid them equal to that given to those who re-
mained behind and made terms with the Gov-
ernment. I speak not for the three months'
men, or the one years' men. I speak for those
who then enlisted for three years and bore the
heat and burden of the day. They do not ask
for the extravagant local bounties paid to many
who enlisted at a later day. They do not even
ask for the largest bounties paid by the Gov-
ernment itself. But they do insist that you shall
make up to them the $800 afterward paid to all
who volunteered for the same period of time.
Can there be any juster, higher, or holier claim
than this?
Many of these gallant men have gone down
to their graves, while others in ruined health
have returned to homes, desolated by poverty.
The enormous taxation oppresses those returned
veterans or the bereaved families of those whose
bones rest on the southern soil. No juster claim
can be brought before Congress, lint unfortu-
nately they are white men, white soldiers of the
Republic, and so the claim which tliey send up
from their impoverished homes is not listened
to. The aggregate amount of this claim has
been scandalously magnified, but it is certain
that it cannot exceed what in all probability
will be the cost to the Government of the meas-
ure you are inaugurating by the passage of this
bill. But this bounty claim is for the Ueueiil
of white soldiers, and their widows and orphan
children, and their claims will not be heeded.
No report is likely to be made in their favor,
but wo hare been consuming two whole months
in legislating lor the negro. Now, sir, if either
is to be postponed, 1 am decidedly in favor of
postponing the negro and lelting the white sol-
dier, who fought so gallantly for his country, bo
paid what is so justly due him.
. Sir, there are. poor white men in our country
who need the charity of the Government as much,
at least, as colored men. Look around these
galleries. Our constituents cannot spare time
to come hero day after day and listen to the dis-
cussions in these Halls, Irat from the commence-
ment of this session until now you find your gal-
leries crowded with the children of Ham, who
are to be fatted out of the Treasury of the coun-
try. These are the people that come here day
atter day, and darken these legislative Halls,
while my constituents arc toiling at home unable
to pay the tax-gatherer. For want of a market,
their grain rots in the granary, while we have for
our audience these in/y vagabonds, but in this
dispensation highly favored citizens of African
descent.
Sir, this measure that is proposed is an enor-
mity that the people will not bear ; and 1 warn
my colleagues and Representatives from the
est that when the people of that section un-
derstand that this whole Government is in the
power and control to-day of the manufacturers
of Pennsylvania and New England, and the
capitalists of \V all Street, that it has been run
for the last four years in their interest, that it
is now being ran in the same interest, and that
the leading measures before this Congress are
being put through in that interest, and in the
interest of the negro, to the utter ruin of the
laboring white men of the country, they will rise
up in indignation and in such a way as to make
themselves heard against this most outrageous
legislation.
[Here the hammer fell. ]
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut.'* Mr.
Speaker, I did not expect to speak on this sub-
ject- until last evening, and therefore I shall
occupy the time of the House but for a short
period, when I shall yield the floor to my friend
from Illinois, [Mr. Movlton.]
Perhaps, sir, it is impossible to frame a law
upon a subject of such vast importance as is
involved in this bill that at the outset will be
satisfactory to all. Even the friends of the bill
who are not of the committee, and who have
not found time to study it, may think they see
some faults in it, while it is to tie expected that
our friends on the other side, who are opposed
to all legislation on the subject, will be very
sharp in their criticisms. I consider the bill as
perfect as we can get it. It will be at all times
under the control of Congress, subject to amend-
ment or repeal. The great events which have
just now transpired, and which have in so high
a degree changed the condition of public affairs,
require in my judgment the adoption of the
provisions of this bill, at least for a temporary
period. -It does not abridge the right of any one.
Some of our friends on the other side used
to declare that if we gave freedom to the slaves
all at once, even in one year, they would perish
from off the face of the earth. The gentlemen
did not seem to understand, or they were un-
willing to acknowledge, that the highest inter-
est of the Republic for all time to come required
emancipation, although thousands upon thou-
sands should perish in consequence thereof.
The object of the IVoedmen's Bureau is em-
ployment to the emancipated with compensation
secured for their labor. This is one of the lead-
ing features of the bill, to give employment, to
these unfortunate men who are now wandering
over the country homeless and friendless, so
that the prophecy that they would all perish
undo' immediate emancipation shall not come
to pass.
A nother obj ect is to give them an opportunity
to learn to read and to protect them reasonably
in their civil rights. They ought not to be left
to perish by the wayside in poverty and by star-
vation when the country so much needs their
work. It is not their crime nor their fault that
they are so miserable. From the beginning to
the present time they have been robbed of their
wages, to say nothing of the seourgings they
have received. I think that the nation will be
a great gainer by encouraging the policy of the
Freedmen's Bureau, in the cultivation of its
wild lands, in the increased wealth which indus-
try brings, and in the restoration of law and
order in the insurgent States.
'The gentleman from Illinois some twenty
times in the course of his eloquent speech this
morning called upon some one to tell him where
Congress gels the power to enact such a law as
this. 1 will endeavor to answer him in my poor
way. And, in the first place, I commend to him
to read the second section of the article of the
immortal amendment of the Constitution givng
to Congress power to pass all appropriate laws
and make all appropriate legislation for the
purpose of carrying out its provisions. I com-
mend to his careful study the spirit of the sec-
ond section of that immortal amendment, and
1 think if he will study it with a willingness
to be convinced he will see that it has given to
this Congress full power in the premises. More-
over, sir, I read in the Constitution that Con-
gress has been at all times charged with the
duty of providing for the public welfare, and
if Congress shall deem that the public welfare
requires this enactment, it is the sworn duty
of every member to give the bill his support.
Sir, there is an old maxim of law in which I
have very considerable faith, that regard must
be had to the public welfare ; and this maxim is
said to be the highest law. It is the law of the
Constitution, and in the light of that Constitu-
tion as amended I find ample power for the en-
actment of this law. It is the duty of Congress
to exercise its power in such a time g.s this, in
a time of public peril, and I hope that nobody
upon this side of the House will be so craven
as to want courage to come up to the question
and give his vote for the bill. It is necessary
to provide for the public welfare.
Mr. Speaker, I feel proud of my country
when I behold it stretching out its strong arm
of power to protect the poor, the ignorant, the
weak, and the oppressed. I see in it the pros-
ecution of a righteous purpose which cannot
fail to secure the favor of Heaven. I see in it
that which will bring my country a richer rev-
enue of honor than all the eloquence of her
forums or the glory of her battle-fields. I see
in it infallible evidence that the nation is fast
becoming what it was intended to be by the
fathers—the home of liberty and an asylum for
the oppressed of all the races and nations of
men. *
The words caste, race, color, ever unknown to
the Constitution, notwithstanding the immortal
amendment giving freedom to all, are still po-
tent for evil on the lips of men whose minds are
swayed by prejudice or blinded by passion, and
the freedmen need the protection of this bill.
The era is dawning whenitwillbeareproach
to talk in scorn about the distinctions of race
or color. Our country is, and must be, cosmo-
politan. The fathers invited the oppressed of
all nations to come here and find a happy home.
Many of them, from many nations, have come,
and more are coming. They have come from
the continents, and from all the isles of the sea.
Jew and Gentile, Christian and Pagan, are here.
Africa; once the home of Hannibal, poor, be-
nighted Africa, so long groaning in bondage,
so long peering with dim eye into the darkness
in search of the light of the one true God, came
with a clanking chain! But, by the aid of a
strong Arm trom on high, we have been able
to set her children free; and they are now Ameri-
can citizens, all. We have among us men of all
nations, of all kindreds and tongues. They all
meet here to worship at freedom's shrine,, and
the Constitution intends they shall all be made
politically free and equal.
It is in vain that we talk about race, caste, or
color; in vain that we proudly talk about, the
Puritan, with his stubborn courage, his love of
God, and his fidelity to man ; in vain that we
boast of the Cavalier, whose motto was—
" He cither fears too much,
Or is deserving smalt,
Yv* ho dares not put it to the touch,
To win or lose it all;"
in vain to boast of the Anglo-Saxon stream,
whenathousandrivers, fromathousand sources,
are running into it ever. I repeat the sublime
declaration that "all men are born free and
equal."
This was a proclamation of political freedom
and equality to all the raccs of men. I he
sooner the South gives heed to it the sooner she
will be reconstructed. The sooner the North
and South both give heed to it the better for
all. It bears the seal of inevitable destiny, and
whoever fights against it fights against God,
and strikes in vain. Our Republic is yet in its
youngyears, but the divine principles implanted
in its bosom will not cease to animate it till
all the men of all the races and bloods in our
wide domain become politically free and equal.
Whenever this desirable attainment shall be
achieved and realized, the sword may bo beaten
into plowshares, and the spear into pruning-
hooks.
This bill is as perfect as we can get it. It is
intended to cast the shield of protection over
four million American citizens, including old
men, young men. and women and children.
They are loyal and faithful, every one. Their
young men have searched the battle-field for
our wounded soldiers, and nursed them, when
dying, into life; while their old men and women
and children have prayed to God for the success
of the nation' s banner. They need schools and
protection. They are not permitted to sue in
the courts or testily against a white man. _ We
owe them protection in return fc- their faithful
