1866:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1695
New York, in favor of increase of duties on foreign
wool.
A No, the petition 'if 108 wool-growers of the county
of Steuben, X ew York, in favor of an increase of the
duty on ioreign wool.
Al-o, petition of lion. II, Sheiwood, and 32 others,
prominent citizens of (Joining, New York, in favor
of equal nafrioupl insurnnce laws.
By Mi. WASHBURNI?,of Illinois: The papers in
the ease of -fames Preston Beck, administrator of
Preston Beck, jr., deceased,late surviving partner of
the linn of Brent & Beck, heretofore referred May
16,1864.
Also, the petition of Jjanes L- Johnson, surviving
partner of the linn of Beck & Johnson, praying for
relief: heretofore referred Januory 2ii,1S62.
By Mr. VAN iiOUK, of New York; The petition
of 27 leading citizens of Perry, New York, asking
equal and just laws in relation to inter-State insur-
ances, so as to secure protection to such interests.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March 28, 180G.
The Chaplain, Ilev. E. II. Gray, offered the
following prayer:
0 (rod! Truly in the midst of life we are in
death. Passing away is true of us and true of
oar friends. The places now knowing us will
soon know us no more forever. May we hear
the voice of the Lord, and may all the dispen-
sations of Thy providence, which are wise and
righteous and kind—kind even though they
seem to be severe—be sanctified to our ever-
lasting good. And when God speaks to us from
His throne and comes into the midst of our
circle of friends, may we remember that it is
God who speaks, and not man. We pray that
Thou wilt teach all of us to number our days
that we may apply our hearts unto wisdom, and
that we may keep the great object of life con-
stantly in view, and be prepared for Thy glory
and Thy service in the kingdom of heaven.
Bless, we pray Thee, the Senate and all of its
members, and grant that each of them may be
made to realize that death is commissioned to
go to the high plaecs of trust and of power as
well as to those of the lowly, and that it be-
comes us all to recognize the hand of God in
the dispensation of affliction as well as of mercy.
Grant, we-pray Thee, that all of us to-day may
realize that we are passing cm to the unseen
world, and that there is no work nor device nor
knowledge nor wisdom in the path which we
take. Bless the family in affliction; sustain
and support them, and help them to feel to-day
that God is their trust'and their everlasting
strength. Bless us all, and prepare us with
fidelity to discharge the duties of life; anil when
we have accomplished our work and fulfilled
our sojournings here on earth, prepare us for
places of trust, of honor, of praise, of glory in
the kingdom of heaven, for Jesus' sake. Amen.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, a great be-
reavement lias fallen upon the Senate. Mr.
Foot, the Senator of Vermont, one of our most
honored associates, and the oldest among us in
continuous service, died this morning at eight
o'clock. He has passed from this scene of duty
and of honor. In the presence of such a sor-
row, it seems better that public business should
be suspended in this Chamber for to-day. Ac-
cordingly. J shall make a motion which I believe
will have the sympathetic concurrence of the
Senate. I make it in the absence of the sur-
viving Senator of Vermont, who is now neces-
sarily engaged, in attendance upon the family
of the deceased, and after consultation with
him. I move that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was unanimously agreed to; and
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, March 28, 1800.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
!)y the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxtox.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. BERG EX asked and obtained further
leave of absence for one week for his colleague,
Mr. Goodyear.
Mr. PIKE asked and obtained leave of ab-
sence for two weeks for his colleague, Mr.
Lynch.
Mr. TAYLOR asked and obtained leave of
absence for one week for his colleague, Mr.
Joxes.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, asked and
I obtained leave of absence for one week for
his colleague, Mr. Baxks.
KHEUOEHS AND FREED MEN.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, by unanimous con-
sent, reported back from the Committee on the
Judiciary House bill No. 406, to provide for
the settlement of accounts of ccrtain public
officers, without amendment, and with a recom-
mendation that it be passed.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read at length. The first sec-
tion provides that all moneys raised in the Uni-
ted Slates for the support of refugees or freed-
men, and received by any officcr'of the United
States Army, shall be charged against sucli
officer on the books of the Treasury Depart-
ment and accounted for by him in like manner
as if such moneys had been drawn from the
Treasury of the United States; and if any part
thereof shall have been expended for the use
of refugees or frcedmen, the same shall be
passed to the credit of the officer, if, upon the
examination of his accounts, it shall appear to
the proper accounting officer of the Treasury
Department that the amount expended was
properly disbursed for such refugees or frced-
men ; and on the adjustment of the accounts
of the officer, if any balance shall remain in
the hands of such officer, the same shall be paid
into the Treasury of the United States for a fund
for the relief of refugees and frcedmen. And
any officer having such balance in his hands,
who, after being duly required, shall refuse
or neglect to pay over the same, or who shall,
after due notice, fail to settle his accounts, shall
be proceeded against in the same manner as is
provided for by existing laws in the case of dis-
bursing officers who neglect or refuse to account
for moneys drawn from the Treasury of the
United States.
Section two provides that where accounts
are rendered for expenditures for refugees or
freeilmen, under the approval and sanction of
the proper officers, and which shall have been
pioper and necessary, but cannot be settld for
want of specific appropriations, the same may
be paid out of the fund for the relief of refugees
and freetlmen, on the approval of the Commis-
sioner of the Bureau of Refugees and Freed-
men.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. This bill is neces-
sary in order that the Third Auditor of the
Treasury may settle the accounts of the offi-
cers of the Kreedmen's Bureau for funds which
have been received by them, other than by ap-
propriations from the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States, by way of donations or otherwise.
All the funds received by the officers of that
bureau are reported by them to the Treasury
Department, and are charged against them upon
the books of that Department. But there is
now no law authorizing the settlement of their
accounts for the expenditure of the funds re-
ceived by them for the purposes specified in
the act under which they are acting.
I had an interview this morning in regard to
this bill with the Third Auditor, and he told me
that it was highly important that this bill should
be passed at once, in order that these accounts
may be adjusted.
I now demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be
engrossed and rt ad a third time.
! Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. 1 call the previous
! question on the passage of the bill.
i The previous question was seconded, and
\ the main question was ordered: and under the
! operation thereof, the bill being engrossed,
| was read t'ne third time and passed.
I Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The-latter motion was agreed to.
1 british american trade.
Mr. IiELLEY, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
requested to communicate to this House a, statement
of thetrade of the Provinces of British North Amer-
ica, especially Canada, in 1854 and 1865-68, respect-
ively, the values being estimated in gold, and speci-
fying what proportion of said trade was with tho
Cfnited States, and what articles, if any, were exclu-
sively exported to the United States; also, the tariff
laws now in force in Canada, with a statement of the
nature and extent of the changes made therein since
1854; also, the returns of Canadian canals for 1865,
illustrating their value and the importance of the free
navigation of the river St. Lawrence to American
commerce, together with such general information,
brought down to the present time, as may be in his
possession and may assist in correctly estimating the
trade, resources. See., of said Provinces, and their
relation to the trado and production of the United .
States.
internal revenue.
Mr. MORRILL. lam instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to report a bill to
amend an act entitled "An act to provide in-
ternal revenue to support the Government, to
pay interest on the public debt, and for other
purposes," approved Juno 30, 1864, and the
act amendatory thereof, approved March 3,
18(55.
I will merely state, Mr. Speaker, that it is
tlie' purpose of the Committee of Ways and
Means to report a bill extensively modifying the
income tax; and in order that the bill may take
effect this year, we desire t o have the levying and
collection of that tax postponed for two months.
This will give time to mature and pass thebill
which the committee have now under consider-
ation.
The bill vyas read a first and second time.
It, provides that all proceedings touching the
levy and collection of the annual tax provided
in schedule A of section one hundred of the
act entitled "An act to provide internal revenue
to support the Government, to pay interest on
the public debt, and for other purposes," ap-
proved June 30,1804, and the act amendatory
thereof approved March 18(55, and all pro-
ceedings for the levy, return, and collection of
the income tax provided by said act be, and
the same are hereby, postponed for the space
of two months ; provided, that all the pro-
visions, remedies, and penalties of said act
shall remain in full force and effect in all re-
spects, except so far as the same are changed
as to time by the postponement aforesaid.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. MORRILL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved" that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ISABELLA STRUJGING.
Mr. ANCONA, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill for the relief of Isabella Stru-
bing ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
iowa central railroad.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa, by unanimous
consent, presented a joint resolution of the
Legislature of the State of Iowa, asking a. grant
of hinds to aid in the construction of the Xowai
Central railroad; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, and' ordered to
be printed.
payment tor slaves.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I ask unani-
mous consent to report back from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary a joint resolution (H.
R. No. 13) proposing an amendment to the
Constitution of the U nited States.
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution will
bo read for information, after which tisa Chair
will ask for objections, if any.
