1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
allegiance, and I hope the bill will receive the
undivided support ofthis'side of the House._
[ now yield to the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Mout.ton.]
Mr. MOULTON. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
submit some thoughts in connection with the
bill now under consideration, and in doing so I
desire, as far as my time will allow, to answer
some of the objections that have been urged,
especially by my distinguished colleague from
the eleventh district of Illinois, [Mr. Mar-
shall.] It will be impossible for me, in the
short time allowed to me, to enter as fully into
the consideration of this question as I should
desire.
I will, therefore, proceed at once to submit
as briefly as I can some reasons why I shall
vote for this bill. What is the object of this
bill? As I understand it, it is to protect four
million people who Cave so long been denied
civil rights in the southern States, and who are
now dependent to a greater or less extent for
the enjoyment of whatever rights they have
upon protection from our Government. This
state of things is one of the consequences of the
■war. These men have been thrown upon our
hands in a helpless condition ; they are unable
to defend themselves, and are in the midst of
a population whose prejudices have ever been
against them.
Now, in regard to the first of the objections
made by the distinguished gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Marshall,] as well as by the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr,] on yester-
day, which is that this bill is in violation of the
Constitution of the United States, that we have
no authority whatever to pass any such bill as
this, permit me to say that this is the very ar-
gument that we have heard from the other side
of this Chamber for the last live years with
reference to every single measure that has boon
proposed to this House for the prosecution of
the war for the Union. No measure has been
passed for the benefit of the country, for the pros-
ecution of this war, for the defense of your rights
and mine, but has been assailed by gentlemen
on the opposite side of this House with the
argument that the whole thing was unconsti-
tutional. This objection has been set forth in
very elaborate, distinct, andset phrase in the
platform they adopted at Chicago. It was the
gravamen of the charge they made against the
"Administration, that its acts were unconstitu-
tional and void, and were usurpations.
Now, the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Mar-
shall] asks us on this side of the House to in-
form him where we get the power to pass this
bill for the protection of this class of people 111
the South. I will recite someof the provisions
of the Constitution in which I believe ample
and sufficient constitutional authority can bo
found for every word and every letter in this
bill. The Constitution declares that Congress
shall have power to declare war and make rules
and regulations concerning captures on land or
upon water ; that Congress shall have power to
raise and support armies; that Congress shall
have power to make rules for the government
and reculation of the land anchiaval forces of
the United States; that Congress shall have
power to provide for calling out the miiitia to
execute the laws, to suppress insurrection, to
secure tranquillity, and to repel invasion; that
Congress shall have power to make all laws
necessary and proper for carrying into execu-
tion the foregoing powers. And it is also made
the duty of Congress to guaranty to each State
a republican form of government, and to pro-
vide for the common good and for the general
welfare. The Constitution also provides that the
citizens of each State shall be entitled to all the
immunities and privileges of the citizens of tiie
respective States. And last, (hough not leoM,
the constitutional amendment which lias just
been ratified for the abolition of slavery pro-
vides that Congress shall by proper legislation
carry into execution the provisions of tnat
amendment. _ ,
Here, Mr. Speaker, is where I ima ample
and sufficient power for the enactment of every
provision of this bill. This bureau is com-
pletely and entirely a military establishment.
It is not dependent at all upon the civil au-
thority of this Government. It proceeds upon
the assumption that it emanates from the Presi-
dent of the United' States as Commander-in-
Chief, and it is to be executed through the mil-
itary department of this Government.
Mow, I understand that in time of war what-
ever is necessary for the purpose of carrying
on the war and bringing it to a triumphant con-
clusion, provided it be in accordance with the
laws of nations, is within the authority of the
conquering Power. This Government is now
acting upon the assumption that war exists to-
day in all the rebel States. The Government
has proceeded upon that policy up to the pres-
ent moment. Military orders are being issued
every day for the regulation and government
of affairs in those States.
Why, sir, General Grant a few days ago, per-
haps the 14th or 15tli of last month, issued an
order embracing substantially the provisions of
tins bill, and applying them to all the southern
States. That order provided that wherever
any discrimination had in any ol those rebel
Slates been made in regard to the freedmen or
the refugees or the loyal people, these should
be completely and perfectly protected against
the enforcement of all orders or statutes ema-
nating from State or local authority. 1 would
like to ask the gentlemen on that side whether
they consider that order constitutional or not;
for I understand they intend to run General
Grant as their candidate for President in 18G8.
General Grant's order is in these words:
[General Orders, No. 3.]
AVah Dkpabtmext,
Adjutant Gkxkrai.'s Office,
Washington', January 12, I860.
To protect persons nnainst imriropcr civil mils antlpen-
altics in lata rebellion* States.
Military division and department commanders,
whose commands embrace or aic composed ot liny ot
the late rebellious States, and who have not alieady
done so, will at once issue nnd.entoree orders protect-
ing from prosecution or suit;, 111 the State, or munici-
pal courts of such State, ail officers and soldiers ot the
armies of the United States, and all persons thereto
attached, or in anywise thereto belonging, subject to
militaiy authority, charged with offenses for acts done
in their military capacity, or pursuant to orders trom
proper military authoiity: and to protect trom suit
or prosecution all loyal citizens, 01- persons charged
with offonses done against the rebel forces, directly
or indirectly, duiing the existence of the rebellion;
and all persons, their agents and employes, eha.igcd
with the occupancy ofubandoned lands or plantations,
or the possession or custody of any kind of pioperty
whatever, who occupied, used, possessed, or con trolled
tile same pursuant to the older of the 1 resident, or
any of the civil or military departments of the Govern-
ment, and to protect them i'l 0111 any peualtie^ ordiim-
ao-esthatmav have been or may be piouounccd 01
adiudgod 111 said courts in any ot such case* ; and also
protecting colored person^ from prosecutions 111 any
of said States charged with oltcnses tor which white
pcrtons arc not piose^uted or punished 111 the same
manner and degree~ ,
By command ot Lleutcnan t Genoral Grar-t:
ii/. J.), J. O\Y jN I'jiN &,
Assistant Adjutant General.
Sir, I repeat, we have proceeded up to the
present moment upon the assumption that war
still exists. Military officers all through the
southern States have issued orders nullifying
completely the statufes of those States.
Mr. THORNTON". Will my colleague yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. MOULTON. I will.
Mr. THORNTON. I do not like to take up
the gentleman's time ; but as 1 desire to under-
stand his position, 1 wish to ask him whether
he assumes that the war is not over.'
Mr. MOULTON. I do.
Mr. THORNTON. Then I would call the
gentleman's attention for a single moment to
the following letter of General Grant to the
President of'the United States:
" There is such universal acquiescence in the author-
ity of the General Government throughout the por-
tions of country visited by mc that the mere presence
of a military force, without regard to numbers, is
sufficient to maintain order. Thegood 01 the count ry
and cconomy require that the force kept m tlie intc-
rior, where there are many frcedmcn, (elsewhere rathe
i <-<>atbmi States than at fort* upon the sea-coast uo
i iorce U nectary) should all be white troops.
! Mr. MOULTON. That letter of General
| Grant does not militate at all against the posi-
I tion which I assume. Allow me to remark,
sir, that General Grant was. in the southern
States for only a very few days, and had bat
little opportunity to ascertain the feeling of the
people there. But, sir, the highest law officer
of this Government, lias declared in an official
communication which has been transmitted to
Congress, that the war is not yet ended, and
that war exists in the southern States. In ad-
dition to that, the order of General Grant, to
which I have already referred, the order re-
cently issued by General Terry in Virginia mil-,
lifying the action of the Legislature of that
State, and other orders of a similar nature,
issued with the sanction of the President, of the
United States, are all acts of war in contem-
plation of law. Of the same nature is the act
of the President in the appointment of provi-
sional governors.
Here is where I find the authority for the
establishment of this bureau. It is a military
establishment; and it is absolutely necessary
for the protection of the freedmen and refugees
in the South.
But, sir, let me state another reason why I
am in favor of this bill. My friends upon the
opposite side have protested all along against
emancipation, 011 the ground that t.lie negroes
would Hock into the free States, and that we
would be overrun with that class of population.
I repeat, sir, if they are sincere in their desire
to keep the negroes from the free States they
ought to join me and the Republicans on this
side of the IIouso in passing this bill. Why?
The very object of this bill is to protect the
freedmen and refugees in their rights and let
mo say, whenever the colored man is com-
pletely and fully protected in _ the southern
States* he will never visit Illinois, and he will
never visit Indiana, and every northern State
will bo depopulated of colored people, as will
be Canada. I say that one of the objects of
the bill is to protect these men in their civil
rights against the damnable violence of the
leading men in the southern States. That is
one ofthe objects of the bill.
'There is another reason why I understand
gentlemen on the other side oppose this bill.
The object of the bill is to protect the colored
man. 'The pro-slavery party on the other sida
of the IIouso from the foundation of the Gov-
ei nment up to the present time have done every-
thing they could against ameliorating the con-
dition of the colored men. No act was ever
passed or proposed to be passed for the benefit
of the colored man that the Democratic.party,
the pro-slavery party, did not vote against it.
It would have been inconsistent if they had not
opposed this bill. One object of the bill is to
ameliorate the condition of the colored man
and to protect him against the rapacity and vio-
lence of his southern persecutors.
Let me notice the argument of my colleague,
[Mr. Marshall.] I think I have fully an-
swered the objection that it has no foundation
in the Constitution. Let me say that I think
the provisions of this bill are m accordance
with the acts of the Government in reference to
similar subjects. Our Government has con-
tinually appropriated money for persons _sim-
ilarly situated to these freedmen. _ Africans
brought to our coast in contravention of our
treaties in reference to the slave trade have been
taken charge of bv the Government, and sent
back to their own'homes, and money has been
appropriated by which they have been provided
for for vears. Where did you got the authority
to do that? I may allude to the same practice
in regard to the Indian tribes. Only a lew days
a"0 a bill was introduced into this House by
■ which we appropriated half a million of money
j for some half-starved Indians. The gentleman
I from Kansas [Mr. Clarke] said they were in
I a starving condition, and that unless wc mado
j the appropriation they would commit depreda-
I tions upon the u liite people. We appropriated
j themoney. It was in accordance with the prae-
j ticu of the Government, which has its founda-
j tion in the Constitution. .
j The gentleman has made another objection
j to this bill; and let me say that all tue oojec-
! tions lie has urged against this bill, when ex-
