1688
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE..
March 28,
The Clerk read, as follows:
JBr it re-sol tkSenate anJ Home of Representatives
of the Un :k'J of America in~CooyroKi assembled,
(two thirds of both Houses concurring,) Xhattlie fol-
lowing .tTliclc be proposed to the Legislatures of the
Severn! Status, which, when ratified by three fourths
of said Legislatures, shall be valid, to ail intents and
purposes, as a part of said Constitution, namely:
Article
Sec. 1. Neither Congress nor any State shall ever
authorize, provides for, or make payment to any per-
son or persons on account of tho emancipation of any
slaveorslaves, or as compensation therefor, exceptas
Srovided by statute in force prior to tho 1st day of
anuary, I860.
Sec. 2. Congress shall have power to enforce this
article by appropriate legislation, and the judicial
power of the United States shall extend to all case?
arising under tins article and tho laws made in pur-
suance thereof.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to per-
mitting the gentleman from Ohio to report
back this joint resolution from the Committee
011 the Judiciary ?
Mr. 11AKDING-, of Kentucky. I object.
Mr. LA.WHENCB, of Ohio. I hope the gen-
tleman will withdraw his objection. My object
is simply to move an amendment to the pend-
ing amendment, and then move that the reso-
lution be recommitted. •
Mr. HARDING? of Kentucky. The inten-
tion is not to bring it up for action?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. No, sir.
Mr. ANCONA. Will the gentleman consent
that a motion to reconsider the recommittal
shall be laid on the table?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I want to re-
commit the bill to the committee, and I hope
there wili be no objection toil.
Mr. ANCONA. 1 must object unless it bo
the understanding it is not to be brought back
by a motion to reconsider.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I cannot ac-
cept that.
ORGANIZATION OK TUB HOUSE.
Mr. RAYMOND, by unauinicmtf consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Jh'Holocd, Th;H the Committee on the Judiciary be
in.sli acted toimjuii einfo the expediency of so amend-
ing eh :t |>icr 1(N, La waoflSW, entiiled " A 11 act-to reg-
ulate fImdutten of ihe Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives 111 preparing lor tho organization of tho
liou'u-," us to provide that no member whose name
may be called by theCletk in areordynee with that
&et shall participate in the election of Speaker or in
any oilier business of the House until he shall lirst
have tak<>u the oath of olliee prescribed by the Con-
stitution and tho laws.
UNITED STATICS COAL AND rilGN LANDS.
Mr. .JULIAN", by u nanimous consent, sub-
milled Iho following insolation; which was
read, considered, and agreed !o:
liffiah'-tl, Thai the Committee oil Public Lands bo
instructed 10 iii'nme info (ho expediency ot report-
ing ii bit! extending the principles and policy of (he
law? now in i'oic.o retrain tin, ■ the sale of co.i.l lands to
tho iron of the United States.
PAYMENT VOll (iUAllTHRMASTHlts' STOllliS.
Mr. KOI'iLL, by Unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following icsblutibn j which whs
read, considered, au<l agreed to:
Jt"xolr,(l, That the committee Oil tho dobts of the
loyal .States bo m.sti acted to inquire into the expe-
diency of aiiiendinir the :>c,t entitled "An aet, to re-
strict thojurifdietion of (he Court of Chums, and to
provide for the paymontoi certain dema nils for yuar-
lvruia,aei';c stores and subsistence supplies furnished
to the Amy ot the United States," approved Julv-l,
liinf, SO as to authorise the Quurtei master tieneral
to pa-s upon and recommend for settlement to the
Ihirrt Auditor ail supplies taken from loyal citizens
01 btates not 111 rebellion for tile quartei master's or
cojmm-jsaiy department, whether said stores and suo-
phe,- were taken by the, quartermasters or commissa-
ries, or by others under orders of officers commanding
the torues, tor tho use ot which such supplies were
impressed, and to report by bill or otherwise.
TAX ON .sLAUOUTiBltlSD ANIMALS.
Mr. DARLING, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Revolved, That tho Committee of Ways and Moans
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of abol-
ishing the tax upon slaughtered animals.
new post iiocn; rx Illinois.
Mr. BAKEK, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted' the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
'I1 hat the Commit tee on the Post Oiii co and
Post 'Roads bo instructed to inquire into the propri-
ety of establishing a mail route from Eilwardsvillo,
Illinois, to Troy, Illinois, and report by bill or other-
wise.
baulky free of duty.
Mr. STUOUSE. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution of inquiry:
Resolved, That the Committee of "Ways and Means
be instructed to iiaiaiie into the expediency of ad-
mitting barley, used for malting, free of duty, from
Canada and the other British Proyinees.
Mr. FxlRNS WORTH. I object, and call
for the regular order of business.
bankrupt kill.
The House then proceeded to the consider-
ation of the special order, being House bill
No. 7, to establish a -uniform system of bank-
ruptcy throughout the United States; the pend-
ing question being on the third reading and
engrossment, on which the main question had
been ordered.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I ask the gen-
tleman from Rhode Island [Mr. Jexckes] to
agree to the postponement of the bankrupt law
until later in the day, so that we may proceed
to the consideration of reports from the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
Tho SPEAKER. That can only be done
by unanimous consent, as the previous ques-
tion has been seconded and the main question
ordered.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I understand
the gentleman from Rhode Island agrees to it.
Mr. JENCKES. I will agree ),o a postpone-
ment if a day and hour be fixed for the con-
sideration of the bankrupt bill.
Mr. SCI1ENCK. I object. I think it is a
good time to vote on the bill when we have a
full House.
Mr. JENCKES. The reason why I consent
to tho suggestion of the gentleman from Iowa
is that many members who have obtained leave
of absence have requested me not to push the
bill to a Vote until they had returned.
Mr. SOHENCK. I know of two applica-
tions for leave of absence to bo made this morn-
ing : such applications always occur about this
season of the year, and it is not probable we
will have a fuller House than we have now. I
object, to postponing to a late hour of tho day,
and think it is better to vote now when the
House is reasonably full.
Jlr. JENCKES. My suggestion is this—I
will state it again so that the gentleman may
hear and understand it—that many members
are now absent.
Mr. SCliENCK. That is what I understood
tin! gentleman (o say, and my reply is that it
will lie the same for weeks to come.
Mr. JENCKES. And many of these have
asked me not to press this measure to a vote
until they can be present. 1 therefore assent
to the proposition of the gentleman from Iowa,
[Mr. ITiuibauI-),] that the previous question shall
bo postponed until an hour certain, whether a
week or a fortnight from to-day, so that every
member of the House may be notified that it
will be voted upon.
_ Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. We have
tullv considered this bill; the gentleman from
Rhode Island has had the fairest consideration
that a member could possibly have ; the pre-
vious queslion has been seconded, and the
main question ordered, and now he comes in
and makes Iho extraordinary request 
Mr. JENCKES. The gentleman is wrong:
I do not make any personal request. I stated
that I had been requested by others not to
press it to a vote.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
mean to say that the gentleman himself has
made an extraordinary request, but that it is
an extraordinary one to come from gentlemen
who have left the House and gone- away from
tlieic business, that we should postpone it on
their account.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I would inquire
of the Chair, when will the regulai business
come up, provided we proceed with the bank-
rupt bill now?
The SPEAKER. As soon as this bill is
disposed of. The only way of proceeding with
tho call of committees will be to reconsider the
vote by which the previous question was or-
dered on the bankrupt bill, and then postpon-
ing it.
Mr. JENCKES. In accordance with the
request of members who are absent, I move
to reconsider the vote by which the previous
question was seconded and thi3"*main question
ordered.
Mr. WARD. I hope that will not prevail.
Mr. SCHENCK. It was my intention to
respond to the appeal of the gentleman from
Rhode Island, but really I can hear nothing,
there is so much noise in the House. I under-
stand that his appeal to postpone is not on his
own behalf, but on behalf of those who are
absent. I certainly do not wish tp do any-
thing discourteous toward that gentleman, but
the difficulty is there arc other gentlemen who
are about to obtain leave of absence who also
desire to vote for tho bill, and it is not easy to
tell when there will come a time, even with
notice, when we shall have a fuller House than
now. And besides, I understand that the ob-
jection is likely to be renewed by others if I
withdraw it.
Mr. JENCKES. I hope the gentleman will
hear me.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am always happy to hear
the gentleman.
Mr JENCKES. Gentleman who are absent
on leave have made a request to me that I
should ask the House to fix a time when the
vote shall be taken. As matters now stand,
that would not interfere with any public busi-
ness. It is a mere courtesy to our absent friends.
Mr. ROSS: I rise to a question of order. I
understand the previous question has been sec-
onded. and I do not understand by what rule
this debate goes on.
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent.
Mr. ROSS. I object.
The SPE AKE R. The gentleman from Rhode
Island moves to reconsider the vote by which
the previous question was ordered.
Mr. JENCKES- Gentlemen will understand
that this motion is not made on my own behalf.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
privileged question. The bill has been fully
considered, engrossed, and read a third time.
Tho SPEAKER. Not yet. The previous
question is ordered on the engrossment of the
bill.
Mr. ROSS. I move to postpone the ques-
tion till the first Monday in December next.
The SPEAKER. That is not in order.
Mr. JENCKES. Is there any objection to
having an hour certain fixed for action on this
bill?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois objects.
Mr. JENCKES. Then I withdraw the mo-
tion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman fro 111 Rhode
Island has the floor.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I want to have it under-
stood that I am willing to withdraw my ob-
jection and allow the gentleman from Rhode
Island to manage his bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois has objected.
Mr. JENCKES. Mr. Speaker, tk  bill upon
which I now ask the vote of this House rests
upon no doubtful authority; no question can
arise in regard to the constitutional power of
this Congress to pass it. The language of the
Constitution of the United States is plain and
explicit that Congress shall have power to pass
uniform laws upon tho subject of bankruptcies
throughoutthe UnitedStates. Looking through
the debates that have arisen upon previous laws
relating to this subject, I have found no ques-
tion raised as to the power of Congress ; the
entire and absolute power of Congress over
tho whole subject is conceded and acknowl-
edged.
There have been criticisms upon the language
used in previous laws, and upon the language
