,1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL G3LOB®.
WB
that marriage is not a civil right, as contem-
plated by the provisions of this bill.
Now, lot me call the attention of this House
to one or two other remarks of the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Marshall.] He alludes to
the condition of the negro in the State of Illinois,
and says that this bureau might operate there.
In my humble judgment, it would be impossible
for this bureau to operate there, for these rea-
sons : in the first place, the ordinary course
of judicial proceedings have never been inter-
rupted in our State ; and in the second place,
there is now no law upon our statute-book dis-
criminating between the whites and the blacks
other than the constitutional provision regulat-
ing suffrage. At the last session of our Legis-
lature they swept from our statute-books all
those odious black laws making discrimination
between the whites and the blacks, so that to-day
in the State of Illinois a black man can now give
testimony in our courts ; a black man can make
contracts ; a black man can purchase property,
and hold it and transmit it as he pleases. He
can come into and go out of the State at pleas-
ure. Such is the condition of the law in the
State of Illinois to-day, and therefore it is not
possible this bureau could operate in Illinois.
But the distinguished gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Marshall] says this bill makes the bu-
reau perpetual. He saysthatitmay lastalwavs,
and that there is no knowing how long it will
continue or who may be appointed. Permit
me to say that any State in this Union can ter-
minate the operation of the law within its own
limits whenever it chooses to do so; it is en-
tirely within its own power to do so. Let me
refer to the eighth section of this bill to show
that fact. It contains, among other provisions,
the following:
The jurisrliction conferred by this and the preced-
ing scction on the officers and agents of his bureau
shal] cease and detcimine whenever the discrimina-
tion on aceountot which it is conterred ceases, andm
no c\ ent to be exercised in any S: ate in which the
ordinary course of judicial proceedings lias not been
interrupted by the rebellion,nor in any suchState after
said State shall have been fully restored in all its con-
stitutional relations to the United States, and the
courts of the States and of the United States within
tlie same are not disturbed or stopped in the peaco-
able course of justice.
This bill, then, expressly provides for the
cessation of this bureau in any State. It puts
it in the power of any State in this Union to
exclude it from its limits by ceasing to make
unnatural discriminations between their own
citizens. It seems to me that there is no ob-
jection upon that score.
Another objection is urged, that this bill gives
the Government power to go into any of these
States and appropriate public lands and distrib-
ute them anion? the freedmen and among the
refugees. Is not that the constitutional power
of the Government now ? It is a power that
has been exercised by this Government from its
very foundation—the providing homesteads for
the indigent and the poor of our country. It has
always been exercised by the Government. And
I am in favor of this bill, because it seeks to ap-
propriate. in the iirst place, the public lands,
aud then to acquire lands by purchase in any-
one of these States from any one who desires
to sell, in case the Government wants it. That
is all there is about it.
Now, sir, my .distinguished colleague [Mr.
Mabruaix] assumed, asl understood, that there
is no difference between the State of Tennessee
and the State of Illinois with reference to their
right of representation upon this floor, except
that the Doorkeeper excludes those who claim
seats as Representatives from Tennessee, while
the Representatives from Illinois are admitted ;
and I understood him by inference to affirm that
the other southern States are as much entitled
to representation on this floor as Illinois or any
other State. Did I understand my friend cor-
rectly '•
Mr. MARSHALL. I was speaking in refer-
ence to the restoration of the southern States
to their constitutional relations to the Union.
In order that I may give my colleague unintelli-
gent answer. I would ask him this question : if
the Senate aud House of Representatives should
admit Senators and Representatives from the
southern States, would not the constitutional
relations of those States to the Union be re-
stored?
Mr. MOULTON. I think they would.
Mr. MARSHALL. Well, sir, I said that it
was within the power of the majority here to
direct the Clerk to exclude from this Hall all
the members from Illinois; and as Tennessee
now has a loyal Governor and is obeying the
laws of the United States—as the courts are
now being held there—-1 said that the exclusion
of Tennessee from representation in this Con-
gress is all the difference now existing, so fat-
as I can sec, between the Slate of Tennessee
and the State of Illinois ; and I think that this
House has the same power to exclude by brute
force the members from Illinois that it has to
exclude the Representatives from Tennessee.
Mr. MOULTON. I ask my colleague to an-
swer the question which I put to him, whether,
in his opinion, the State of Tennessee, or Ala-
bama, or Mississippi, or any one of those south-
ern States, is entitled of right to representation
upon this floor?
Mr. MARSHALL. "When they send here
loyal Representatives who can take the oath pro-
scribed by the Constitution and the laws, those
Representatives, 1 think, are entitled to be sworn
in and to take their seats as Representatives of
their constituencies.
Mr. MOULTON. I would ask my colleague
whether he is in favor of enforcing or repealing
the test oath.
Mr. MARSHALL. That is a new question
entirely. If the gentleman will give me time to
explain my views on that subject 1 will do so.
Mr. MOULTON. Cannot the gentleman
answer yes or no? I am aware that it is a hard
question, and I will not embarrass him by press-
ing it, if he prefers not to answer.
Mr. MARSHALL. I feel no embarrassment
whatever on the question. I state to iny col-
league that if he will give me time- to express
my views in regard to that test oath, I will do
so at this time.
Mr. MOULTON. I understand that my col-
league declines to answer the question.
- Mr. MARSHALL. No, sir ; 1 do not decline;
I do not do anything of the kind.
Mr. MOULTON. I have no objection to
allowing the gentleman all the time he may
desire, if it is understood that it is not to come
out of my time.
Several Members. Oh no; go on.
Mr. MO ULTON. Mr. Speaker, permit me to
say with reference to those States, that the differ-
ence between the gentlemen on the other side
and us on this question is that they are willing
that whoever come up here as Representatives,
and can take that oath, shall be admitted as
members of this House, while we upon this side
are not satisfied wi th that, but desire to know the
sentiment, the spirit, the feeling of the men who
elect them. TakoTeimessee, forexample. What
'is the condition in Tennessee to-day. It is true
that high-minded, loyal, patriotic men, whom I
respect as much as anybody, are here to-day
soekiii!' to represent Tennessee. But what is
the testimony from Tennessee to-day? Why it
is this : it is true, by the aid of Federal bayonets
most of these men were elected. The rebels were
deterred from the ballot-box. But when you
withdraw the Federal power from the State of
Tennessee there will be two rebels to one loyal
man; and the next delegation sent up here will
be as different from the honorable men hero to-
day as the sun is from darkness. Where then
will be the State of Tennessee?
The position of the Union party on this side
of the House is that we must be satisfied there
is a majority of loyal constituency behind that
can control the State in favor of the Govern-
ment, aud in favor of the Hag, who will stand
by the Government and support it in good faith
and spirit in all of its constitutional acts.
The gentleman says this is a reagiiation of the
negro question. Permit me i o say to the gentle-
men on the other side, so long as this present
II unnatural condition of things remains, so long
as four million men-in the southorai States.are
.deprived of all their civil rights, so'long as that
condition exists, there will be agitation ta all
eternity. Permit me to say, this agitation will
continue, and that I am in favor of continuing
this agitation until every man shall be protected
in all his civil rights under the laws". • That is
the kind of agitation 1 am in favpfc of per-
mit me to say, Mr. Speaker, that thi^seutiment
is held by the great mass of the people,, not
only in my State, but throughout the-Northwesj;.
I repeat, that such an unnatural condition of
things cannot exist in any free Government,
such as four million men being crowded out,
deprived of their rights, and with no security"
against the rapacity and violence of their per-
secutors. No republican institutions can exist
or ever did exist under such circumstances. I
repeat again, sir, that the continuance of this,
bureau depends entirely upon the people of the
southern States themselves ; that they can re-
move it sooner, but that it may be continued
and ought to be continued for the purpose of
the protection of this helpless class of people.
So far as the expenses connected with this
bureau are concerned, of course appropriations
will have to bo made. It grows out of the ne-
cessity of the thing itself. WTe cannot help it.
Let me put the proposition, and let gentlemen
answer it if they can. Suppose the Federal
power was removed from the southern States
to-day; suppose the Army was removed ; sup-
pose there was no Freedmen's Bureau for the
purpose of protecting freedmen and white refu-
gees there, what would be the consequences ?
Why, sir, the entire body of freedmen would
be annihilated, enslaved, or expatriated. No
Union man would have any rights there at all.
The testimony which will be published that has
been exhibited before the committee of fifteen
will astonish the world as to the hypocrisy of
southern leaders and the condition of things in
the South.
Mr. Speaker, I will detain the House but a
moment longer, it has been urged here, and
it is the great objection which seems to have
been urged against this bill, that it takes th©
property of one man and gives it to another.
Permit me to say there is no provision in this
bill which authorizes any such thing. The Op-
position say that by the order of the Govern-
ment permission is given to refugees and freed-
men to locate on certain lands in the South.
That is true. They are now located on certain
lands in the South. They were located there
by the order of General Sherman more than
a year ago, when he stood there as the con-
queror of that country. Every one admits that
at the time the order was made it was legal, it
was constitutional, and it was strictly in accord-
ance with the laws of war. I would like 1 o have
my friends on the other side answer whether
it was or was not in accordance with the laws
of war when the order was made. 1 f the order
was constitutional when it was made as an act
of war for the purpose of protecting those freed-
men and refugees, and as the Departments of
the Government still decide the war has not
ended, what is the reason why wo shall not con-
tinue the operation of this order until the war
entirely ceases? I should like to have the hon-
orable gentleman on the opposite side answer
that question.
It is not taking the property of one man to
give it to another. It is the direct act of the
conqueror sanctioned by war, and that war is
not yet ended. We are occupying those lands
which ought to be confiscated as the property
of the public enemy.
This, Mr. Speaker, is the substance of the
objections urged against this bill. It seems to
me that they have been sufficiently answered.
They do not militate against the main provis-
ions' of the bill, and we ought to pass it. We
are in duty bound to pass it, and we will be
derelict to our duty if we do not. The people
everywhere demand its passage.
lighting the d03i13 OT? the CArlTOI.
The SPEAKER pro tonpore, (Mr. Gbixxell
