1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1697
used in the Constitution. At the time of the
passage of the bankrupt law of 1800, many be-
lieved, if I may credit the language then used
in the debates as reported in the Annals of
Congress, that the constitutional provision had
reference only to the laws of England when
that phrase was adopted which now stands in
the Constitution. But in the subsequent de-
bates, when the subject was before Congress in
1820, in 1827, in 18-10-41, and 1812, 1 think 1
may say, from having examined every speech
that was made upon the subject, there was no
question as to the power of Congress over the
entire subject. Some said that the laws of Eng-
land were to be their guide. Others said, and
said more wisely, as 1 think, that there were
other syst ems of bankruptcy than those adopted
or recognized by the laws of Kngland; and that
the authors of the Constitution had reference
to a general law upon llie entire subject, which
should meet, not only the wants of the Amer-
ican people at that time, but whatever they
might require in their business thereafter.
The Constitution itself was expressed in brief
phrase, containing general propositions. The
authors of it have by experience shown them-
selves to be as wise, if not wiser, than their suc-
cessors. The phrase whieh they used upon
this subject seems to me to furnish the basis of
the present law, and of any future amendment
to it which shall embrace the entire subject of
laws relating to persons who have failed in
business, and whieh shall provide for the dis-
tribution of the estates of the insolvents. The
foundation of this law, therefore, 1 assume, is
entirely clear and sound. Xo one can raise an
objection to the power of Congress over this
whole subject.
The objections which have been raised in this
debate, and the objections which have hitherto
been raised, are to certain provisions of the law,
not to the general policy of it. But in the lim-
ited time which is allowed to mo 1 propose to
consider these general objections and to reply
to them as bravely as 1 limy.
The first objection is made by gentlemen
who live in certain portions of the territory of
the United States whose district courts are au-
thorized and required to fake jurisdiction of
cases under this bill, and wherever there are a
large number of persons and a large amount
of property that may lie subjected to the oper-
ations of this IjJH, X will take the northern dis-
trict of Xew York for example. And as Iwh-h
this to lie a debate simply upon the propositions
of the law, and not 11)1011 the general policy of
it, I ask the attention of the gentleman from
that district, [Mr. Coxklixc.] One of the prin-
cipal objections raised to this law is that it can-
not be executed in the northern district of New
York.
Mr. COXKLIXG. Does thegentleman from
j Hi ode island [Air. JexckesJ address any in-
quiry to me ?
Air. JliXCKES. Xot now; but I propose
to do so. 1 understand the sole objection of
the gentleman from Xew Yoik [Mr. Coxklix'g]
is that there will be a difficulty in the enforce-
ment of this bill, if it becomes a law, within
the district in which he resides. 1 agree to his
objection; there is a serious difficulty. But I
submit to him, as I shall submit to other gen-
tlemen, that such difficulty is one which is
to be remedied, not by defeating the bill, but
by submitting amendments to its provisions or
by proposing amendments to the laws creating
the judiciary which shall exec Lie1 the law wit Inn
his district. The objection which has been
raided by the gentleman from X'ew York, and
also repeated by other gent lemon, is a good ob-
jection. But it is not an objection to the law
itself, but simply to the means to be employed
to carry it into effect.
The objection is equally applicable to the
northern district of Illinois, and also to the
district of Massachusetts. But I learn that the
judge in the district of Massachusetts can ad-
minister the law in that district, and 1 have not
learned that the judge, in any other district
feels incompetent to administer this law. So,
also, in other districts. It being a mere matter
39tii Coxa. lsTiSiw.-J.—No. 107.
of executive, not to say judicial ability, I think !
the gentleman will withdraw his objection to [
the bill itself, if lie can devise any method, or i
if the House can aid him in devising any method !
by which this objection can be overcome. The '
original bill, which 1 had the privilege to pre- |
sent in the last Congress, contained a provision '
that an additional judge might be appointed
in any district when the present judge cannot
administer the law. There is no such provision
in the present bill. For one, I am willing to
accept such an amendment that, any gentleman
may offer, or any other amendment by which
the machinery of the bill may be carried into
effect, improved and perfected.
1 pass from this objection, because it is one
of mere detail, and I come to another, ft is
one which relates to the principle of the law,
and the only one raised by any person who has
yet spoken against the bill, f refer to the
objection of the gentleman from Wisconsin,
lie objects that this bill con tains a clause provid-
ing for proceedings in involuntary bankruptcy.
Upon this point, I wish to submit to this House
and to the country, what I believe to be the true
view of the law of debtor and creditor. This
strikes at one of the fundamental relations be-
tween man and man. How shall a man contract
debts? How shall the person with whom he
contracts debts be paid? Willi out doubt, this
question of the collection of debts might have
been left to the constitution and laws of the
several Slates. Wise statesmen—Mr. Clay
among the number—said that they thought the
subject of the collection of debts might have
been left to the several Slates.
Learned and wise as Mr. Clay was, the fathers
and authors of the Constitution were, in my
opinion, wiser than he. They were building
up a nation. The. foundations of that nation
were to be laid under the pillars of the States
for some purposes ; and for others, the national
dome was to be raised upon broader and firmer
foundations. And the 11101 of that day saw.
and others who have followed them have seen,
that one of the great questions to be settled by
the national lans was that between debtor and
creditor. And why? Xot because it was a
mere municipal regulation, a matter of local
law within State jurisdictions, but because it j
was a part of the commercial law, of the regu-
lation of commerce between the States. And
they placed in the letter of the Constitution
not only the power to regulate this system of
laws as between debtor and creditor, but that
ofcomineree boib between citizens of theStates
and between citizens and the subjects of for-
eign nations. The language used in the Con-
stitution has a greater significance than has
been given to it in legislation in these days.
Therefore f say that when the power is del-
egated to thin Congress, it is an implied in-'
strnction from the framersof the Constitution
and their constituents to those who frame laws
under the Constitution that they should see
that those powers are properly exercised. 'This
''involuntary clause." as it is called, is simply
a mode of collecting debts—a uniform law for
the collection of debts in every State of these
United States. And independently of that
clause, is it not a vise thing to be adopted?
Is there any person who has had experience,
either as a merchant or a lawyer, who can say
that this is not the best and the wisest thing
that can be done? Is there anything belter in
this branch of the law than a uniform system
for the collection of debts?
Xo man knows v. hat may lie the law of Texas
or Alabama or Oregon or Maine. A man may I
1rust ail individual, that individual inn- fail, !
and the creditor may b" obliged to resort to ;
the law for the collection of his debt. But
who knows what that law is? Only the man
living in the neighborhood of the debtor and
within the State where the debtor has his domi-
cile. Under this bill every one will be able to
know what is the law 011 this subject of the
collection of debt everywhere throughout the
United States of America. Based upon the
Constitution, founded upon the adamant that
our fathers placed there, I defy any man to i
say that the superstructure now proposed to be
reared is not one that will adorn and perfect
the foundation which they constructed.
Again, the objection is raised, and it seems
to mo to be a technical one, as to the exemp-
tion laws of certain States. All States have
exemption laws. If the first Congress which
met under the Constitution had exercised all
the power granted to them, no question could
have arisen now 011 this subject. 1 have heard
men say, many inside and outside of the House,
that tliey would like to have a bankrupt law
fifteen or twenty years old. True. Why? Be-
cause it would not then interfere with the exist-
ing laws of any State. I hold, and I think it
will bo sustained by the highest authority—it
may be vanity in 1110 to think so, but having
studied the question and being bound to give
my opinion not only to the House but to the
country—1 am satisfied that when wo have first
exercised the power granted in the Constitution,
as we now propose to do, we must take as the
basis upon which our statute shall take effect the
exist ing laws of the States as the first Congress
nndci the Constitution would have taken the
State laws in force in 1789. We can alter them
in future, but not as to the past. We must take
the titles of property, real and personal, as the
First Congress would have taken them.
How would a bankrupt law passed in 1789
have operated upon estates tail and base foes
and titles of that, kind? The answer will be
found in fhe English law. It would have no
operation upon them, and therefore I meet tlie
question, which is a serious one, now both for
and against it by sajing that this is the first
exercise of the power granted to Congress by
the Constitution, and that we must take things
as they are and not undertake now to make
them as we would have them.
Sonic object, thai the law will be retroactive;
that it will discharge debts now existing. I
will meet that, Mr. Speaker, by saying when the
Constitution of the United States was framed,
and when adopted by the several States, and
when power was conceded and granted thereby
to this Congress to pass uniform laws on the
subject of bankiuptey, that this power of Con-
gress was created and its duty directed as soon
as the Constitution was adopted as to the ex-
ercise of this power of Congress, f us': where
the proposition has been gainsaid in any au-
thoritative manner. X'o one call show. I
challenge an answer from any one within the
sound of my voice. W here has any one said
that that power was not in Congress, and that
our duty, since the Constitution was adopted,
has not been to exercise the power thus granted ?
And why has Congress been derelict in that
duty?
Behind that lies another question which seems
to influence men's minds, and that is—and
there 1 strike the principle of all these laws—
why is it (some men say) that a man's future
earnings should be exempted from the payment
of his past debts, which may be the conse-
quence of liis indiscretions? The proposition
embraced in this bill has been adopted 111 tlie
commercial world for over two thousand years.
I will concede to the argument of my oppo-
nents, even at "this day, that a learned member
having charge of the amendments to the bank-
rupt system in the Knglisli Parliament doubts
whether that ought to have been the law ; but
every commercial nation in the world, every
State, not only of the magnitude of this, but
every State that lias had individuals engaged
in commercial transactions, has agreed to that
principle. Who will deny to the honest man
who has met with misfortune the discharge to
which an honest judge may say he is entitled?
If there is any one my time is at his service in
which to answer this question.
I will add but one word to what I have said
011 the retroactive effect of the law. A11 re-
medial statutes are retroactive, and this is a
remedial statute.
There are gentlemen here who have said to
me, "'Provide that this bill shall tak° etr'oct
upon contracts which shall be made aft or the
1st day of January, 1807, or on any intoruie-
