1698
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
diate day, and the bill shall recoive my vote."
Now, I say to those gentlemen, and the answer
will be regarded as conclusive by every lawyer
who hears it, and it is not necessary to go into
the details of the reasons for that answer; I
answer that every remedial statute, as this is,
is retroactive, and necessarily must be. When
we legislate, we do so upon the business of the
country as it stands, as it is.
Now, I have no friendliness for prophetic
legislation. I cannot understand that wisdom
that sees beyond the present hour. When I
vote at all, it is upon the experience that the
past has given us, and upon the emergency
that arises in the present.
I look around this country and I see not only
thousands but tens of thousands, and if some
communications are to be believed, hundreds
of thousands of men who may now need, and
who ought to obtain, the benefit of this reme-
dial legislation. I know many of them ; men
who do not obtrude themselves upon their .Rep-
resentatives; men who do not seek sympathy
in print; men who are borne down by the weight
of misfortune, who are earning a scanty sub-
sistence for themselves and for their families
in a quiet and obscure way ; men who do not
come up hero to seek wliat may seem to be a
grant of aid from their country; men who do
not sign their names to memorials, but who are
toiling to get a living where once they were in
high credit and fortune; men whose skill was
a gain to the country, but whoso misjudgmcnt
was a loss to themselves. Those are the men,
and these only—let me say it, and be heard and
be known to say it—these are the only men,
the honest and unfortunate, and perhaps mis-
judging, not the fraudulent, who are to obtain
the benefit of what are called the voluntary
provisions in this act.
We say, by this measure, that we have con-
fidence in our judges, that they will grant the
benefit of this discharge to none others than
those who show themselves to be .honestly en-
titled to it,.
Mr. Speaker, this brings me to another point,
upon which ! wish I could not only have the
attention of all the members of this House,
but of every person in this country. The ob-
jection is made here by members, as well as in
the press and by correspondence, that this is
a measure of such magnitude that Congress
should hesitate in regard to it, and they say
further that because it is a measure of groat
magnitude, Congress should not pass it. Now,
I agree with them in the first proposition ; it is
a measure of vast consequence; it reaches the
relation of debtor and creditor in every State
of the Union; and because it does so I am not
astonished at its magnitude. But my faculties
do not grow dim; my senses are not weakened
or impaired in the presence of a question of
such magnitude.
I read the old Constitution of our fathers,
and T find that they charged Congress with the
duty and clothed them with the power of legis-
lation upon this subject, and as one of those
legislators I assume my share of the responsi-
bility. 1 know whereof 1 legislate. I have
bad some experience in the execution of the
laws of the different States on.the subject of
debtor and creditor. But that is of no conse-
quence. The study I have given to those laws
has led me to the conclusion that our fathers
were wise and that their successors should be
just. I should do discredit to them if I should
say otherwise; I should do discredit to myself
and to my associates if I acted otherwise.
There is a great power not only granted to
Congress but imposed upon it in the same
clause to which 1 have referred. Congress is
required and authorized to pass uniform laws
upon the subject of naturalization, and such
laws have been made ever since this Govern-
ment had an existence. And why arc not our
own native citizens entitled to legislation upon
the subject of bankruptcy equally with that
which aliens are entitled to have by virtue of
the same provision of the Constitution ?
I have also heard it said that there are ob-
jections to this bill because it is called a bank-
rupt bill. Well, I think no one will deny the
fact that bankrupts exisi. Bankruptcy means
failure in business; that there are men who
cannot pay their debts to the number of thou-
sands in the United States. Why should they
not have a law to relieve them ? And above
all, why in the future should not all persons
who owe debts, and all persons who have debts
to collect, have a uniform system _ of laws
throughout the United States, by which those
debts can be settled or collected? Is not that
a plain proposition? There is no interference
with State rights. Use any phrase you may;
disguise it as you may for the purpose of making
it acceptable to political^ parties, the truth is
there is no political question about it.
And why should not this be? I ask any
gentleman to answer me. That question has
not been answered, it neverhas been answered
in any debate. Heretofore, and that has been
the misfortune of the nation upon this sub-
ject, it has been made simply a matter of the
existing polities, and no men have arisen who
have met the question in the spirit of the fathers
of the Constitution, and said, let us build where
our fathers laid the foundation. I do not say
this to disparage any who have preceded us;
they yielded to their necessities; I yield to
none. My duty is plain.
And again; and here I ask the attention of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ste-
vens,] as 1 notice the objection which he made
to the passage of this bill. I do not cxpect to
convince him ; he has his own opinions, as I
have mine. But I wish to answer him before
this House and before the country. He said,
in a side conversation, in the debate upon this
bill the other day, that this was the worst time
when a law of this kind could be passed. I
believe I do not misreport him.
Now, he will agree that every debtor in the
land would like to have this bill become a law;
no one can disagree to that proposition. And
I present to him and to the House and to the
country recommendations of this bill by the
creditor interest of the entire North; begin-
ning with the Board of Trade of the city of
Boston, indorsed by the Chamber of Commerce
of New York, and further by similar boards in
Buffalo, Cleveland, Detroit, Chicago, Milwau-
kee, St. Louis, Dubuque, Cincinnati, &c., rep-
resenting at least nine tenths if not nineteen
twentieths of the creditor interest of this coun-
try. Yet the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevens] says, "Why, sir, you may let
some rebel debtor go if this bill becomes a
law.''
I say to him, as this creditor interest says to
me, and I will try to uso their own language,
"Wo know our debtors ; we wish to meet them
as commercial men, mercantile men, business
men; we do not cam to know whether they
have been rebels or not; that is a political ques-
tion. We want to meet them upon the ground
that business men meet each other upon; and
let them meet us before the courts of the coun-
try; let them show themselves to have been
honest; let them show that they have not used
their property in aid of the rebellion ; let them
show that they have not wasted their property
in that direction, and we will meet them and
give them a discharge, and trust them here-
after."
I have piles of letters from creditors to that
effect, men who ask me not to mention their
names to the House and to the country; men
whom I know and whom I believe.
And there is another class which Congress
should consider ; a large class of men who say,
"We can get discharged from our northern
and loyal creditors ; but we want the privileges
of this bill, and hope that it will become a law
in order that wc may compel a discharge from
those who have persecuted us during the re-
bellion."
_ Every word that has been used against this
bill upon that ground will retroact upon the
persons who have used these fallacious argu-
ments.
But laying aside every question relating to
past transactions, everything relating to rebel-
lion or civil war, I wish to say to this House
and to this country, as one much wiser and
greater than I said two thousand years ago in
the senate of Rome, "Erase the debts of your
friends and of your enemies upon their meet-
ing you with their property;'' and that became
then the law of Rome ; and wherever the Ro-
man law had force, and the civil law (which is
the Roman) has been maintained, it has been
and is the law now, and has been the law in
all the intermediate years.
Mr. Speaker, the number of the persons and
the interests upon which this bill will operate
form another great consideration which I have
to urge upon this House. As I have said, there
are thousands and tens of thousands of persons
who make no complaint or request here by open
and public memorial, because of their double
necessity—the necessity in which they are, not
to alarm their creditors, who may pursue them
with the rigor of the local law, and the neces-
sity which they have to maintain their present
position.
When the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sciiexck]
said the other day that he had a bill which he
wished to urge upon the attention of the House,
he stated that it involved the necessities and
requirements of the army of volunteers. Now,
I wish to say to him and to the House that this
bill calls for action because an army of persons
tenfold in number, who have been placed in
their present position, not by their will, but
involuntarily, call for relief, and can obtain it
only by the action of this Congress.
L would not like to state their number. It
has been stated by gentlemen who have hitherto
addressed this House upon this subject. The
statistics which they cited I believe to be true.
But for myself I would not wish to assume the
responsibility of stating the actual number who
could have relief under this bill if it should
bccomea law. Every member knows of many,
some know of hundreds, some, like myself,
know of thousands, and I ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] who ob-
jected to this bill for political reasons, whether
after so many years during which he has been
known as the champion of the black man,1 he
will now in his old age vote for the enslavement,
the continued enslavement, of the white man.
I am in favor of emancipation, but I am for
the emancipation of white and black alike. The
slavery of debt is worse than the slavery of per-
sonal service. The latter can be performed
and the obligations satisfied; the former never
can be. It has been tried in the history of the
world. In ancient Rome the debtor was a slave
to his creditor, and they even had a law pro-
viding that the creditors, if they so willed, should
not only have custody of the body of the cred-
itor, but should cut it into pieces and divide it
among themselves if they saw fit. That was a
dividend richly earned and much to be desired!
That desire remains even now. We all have
known and used the merciful maxims of the
common law. Many of us have frequently urged
upon juries the proposition that ninety-nine
guilty men should cscape punishment rather
than that one innocent man should be found
guilty. All this has been done with regard to
crime; but when you come to a question of
debt, if it is but a dollar, where is then the mer-
ciful maxim? Who ever heard of a common-
law decision with a word of mercy for a debtor?
Why, Mr. Speaker, among the objections
urged to the bankrupt law of 1800, repeated in
the debates of 1820, was that, if the principle
should be adopted that we were to look to
the bankrupt laws of England for our guid-
ance, under which men were at one time con-
victed and sentenced to death for bankruptcy,
it was argued that there might be danger of
introducing such a principle into the legislation
of this country. That was the argument that,
was heard in these old Halls. Those who op-
posed a system of bankrupt law did so, not be-
cause such system gave discharge to the debtor,
but because they feared that those inhuman
punishments might be introduced as against the
debtor in this country. Men with kind hearts
and merciful dispositions, and taking wise views
