218
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 5,
Senate.
Reconstruction—Mr. Howe.
39th Cong....1st Sess.
these communities, as I call them, will remain
in the Union until by treaty with some Power
outside or organized inside we consent to let
them go out of the Union.
It is said tliat such a resolution as I proposed
would effect the very object at which the re-
bellion was aimed. What was that? They
aimed, if I understood their purpose, to throw
off'utterly and altogether the authority of the
United Slates. Their proclamation was that
within their respective limits the United States
should exercise no control whatever. The reso-
lution which Isubmitted to the Senate asserted,
on the other hand, that the United States within
those respective limits should exert the sole
control for the time being. Is there no differ-
ence between the two propositions ? We called
them traitors because they denied that the
United States had any authority within their
limits. Is it traitorous to say that the United
States has more power than it had before they
raised the standard of rebellion ?
But if it be not disloyal to the United States
to assert that stretch of authority on its part it
is said it is disloyal to the States; that it tram-
ples upon the rights'of the States. How does
it trample upon the rights of States ? I admit,
of course, that the authority of this Govern-
ment is limited. I admit that we can exercise
no authority but what is delegated to us in the
Constitution. I admit that all the rest of the
authority belonging to Government is reserved
to the States. We have no quarrel and no
dispute upon these points. I admit that the
right of representation is a right which is given
by the Constitution to the several States. But
I desire to say once more to the Senate that
that right of representation is not a right given
to all States. Nobody claims it for any State
outside of the American Union, and I say it
belongs to no State inside of the American
Union unless it conforms to the conditions
which the Constitution imposes upon every
State. When those conditions are set aside
and abjured, then that right falls. It can be
claimed by no State inside of the Union unless
it be conceded to the State first by the Con-
gress of the United States. It is the lack of
that concession which prevents Colorado from
having representation here to-day. She claims
to be a State. She has adopted her consti-
tution. She has sent here her representatives.
The two Houses have agreed by a majority of
their votes to admit them. But the President
has vetoed the bill, and so there is upon the
statute-book no law authorizing them to send
representatives here, and they are not received.
But does that exclude Colorado from the Union,
or does it trample upon the right of a State ?
That right has never been conceded to her by
Congress yet, and she docs not insist upon
the exercise of it until it be conceded.
But you tell me this right has been conceded
once by Congress to Louisiana, to Mississippi,
and to Alabama. Yes, Mr. President, it was
conceded onee to those communities and to
each of the others which have been in rebel-
lion. How, then? Answer me, what is the con-
sequence of that? When the right and the
character of a State was conceded by an act
of Congress to the State of Alabama or the
State of Mississippi, did the United States stipu-
late forever thereafter to exercise none of the
powers which she had before exercised in
those limits under any circumstances whatever?
When Congress first conceded the right to Ala-
bama to send her representatives here, was
that a right which continued to her under all
circumstances whatever beyond the power of
forfeiture? If so, you must concede that that
right remained during the very heat and strife
of the war. If she could not forfeit that; if
it was a continual, perpetual right, your doors
would have been bound to swing open at the
knock of her representatives, if she sent them
here when the war was at its height, and you
were protected against having representatives
from your direst and deadliest enemies in these
Halls only by the simple circumstance that they
were a little too chivalrous or not sufficiently
impudent to seud them here to claim the right.
It will not be asseited that that right'cann ot
be forfeited. No Senator on this floor who
really loves the authority of this Government
and means to abide by it and uphold it will
pretend that Alabama, while this war was
waging, could send her representatives here.
"Oh," but you say, "why not let her send them
here if they were loyal?" Why, sir, Alabama,
while she was disloyal, would not choose loyal
representatives, but if she did choose loyal
representatives her representatives could not
come this side of her lines without the permis-
sion of your Army. It was an offense against
the laws of the United States for any man, no
matter what were his personal dispositions, to
come through those lines without the permis-
sion of the Government. There was a wall
built up between everybody on that side and
on this; not merely Congress, but your mili-
tary boundaries were closed against every man,
let his personal dispositions be what they might,
coming from the rebellious districts.
But, Mr. President, I say that this right con-
ceded to those States was not an absolute,
unconditional, continuing right. It is a right
to be exercised only under certain conditions.
Every State claiming the right to send repre-
sentatives here must show, first, the authority
of Congress to do it; secondly, must show
that tlioy have a government, administering
their own local affairs, which is republican in
form ; thirdly, it must be a State which has no
engagements and no treaties either with another
State or with any foreign Power; for that is
expressly prohibited by the Constitution to all
States ; and fourthly, it must have a govern-
ment, every officer of which, executive, legis-
lative, and judicial, must be under an oath to
support the Constitution of the United States ;
because the Constitution expressly forbids that
any authority of government shall be wielded
in any Slate by officerswho are not undersuch
an oath.
I insist that whenever a State violates either
of these conditions it forfeits in law, and Con-
gress may declare a forfeiture in fact, of the
right to make its own laws, and of the right to
participate in making our laws. Congress may
declare that forfeiture in fact, because if you
have not the authority to declare that forfeit-
ure you cannot enforce these clauses of the
Constitution. If the State of Mississippi sees
fit to set up a government which is not repub-
lican but monarchical in form, to vest all the
local power in the hands of a single individual
for life, and in his heirs, and if you cannot
interfere with the exercise of that authority by
such a tribunal, by such a form of government,
and strip him of it by an act of Congress, that
clause of the Constitution is a dead letter.
There is no other remedy to cure such a wrong
as that. And so if they make treaties with other
States or with foreign Powers ; and so if they
refuse to let their officers take the oath to sup-
port the Constitution of the United States,
unless you have the power to resume the func-
tion which you delegated to her as a State, you
cannot enforce those three commandments of
the Constitution.
Sir, I admit it is hard to degrade a State to
a Territory; I admit it is a harsh remedy to
take the prerogatives of a State from a great
community ; but it is not so harsh after all as
to take their lives; and when by the express
words of your statute they forfeited their lives
and you remit them that, is it worth while to
talk of the harshness of taking these preroga-
tives of government from them?
But you say that although this right of local
government is forfeited by the disloyal major-
ity, it still lives in the loyal minority. I should
say it was a very harsh and unjust remedy to
take wantonly the prerogatives of a State from
a loyal minority, simply because the majority
about them were disloyal and traitorous. It
has been said, where you find ten loyal men in
a State there is the State, and yon must let it
be and exist. Mr. President, there is some
plausibility in that. I meet it by asking where
you can, in any one of these communities, find
the local power in the hands of ten loyal men.
Nay, I ask you where, in any one of these
communities, outside of Tennessee, and per-
haps Arkansas, you can fii}d ten loyal men
exercising any portion of that local authority?
Loyalty is not tolerated in these local govern-
ments. Talk to the American Congress about
stripping loyal men of authority in South Car-
olina or elewhere! Loyal men have no'author-
ity there, they have had no authority from the
beginning of this struggle. Talk about the
harshness to the loyal men of taking the prerog-
atives of States from these communities! I do
not see the hardship to loyal men. Every par-
ticle of local authority vested by the Constitu-
tion in a State had been secured to the hands
of traitors, and by the exercise of that power
they had forced whatever of loyalty there was
in the community into an unholy and unwill-
ing subserviency to the cause of rebellion. Is
it harsh to loyal men to take power from the
hands which use it thus? I do not conceive it
to be so. When we take power from or deny
power to the majority in these rebellious States,
we simply deny it to the worst enemies the
loyal men in these communities have or can
have; and when we find that power in the
hands of their direst enemies, to wrest it from
them, it seems to me, is not only the highest
duty which we owe to them, but for it we have '
the clearest warrant of the Constitution.
I do not agree with the Senator from Ver-
mont [Mr. Poland] that thS framers of the Con-
stitution never contemplated such an emergency
as this, and therefore never provided for it. I
say, in the express letter of the Constitution
you have the authority to do just what I ask to
have done. I will read it. After enumerating
certain express powers which Congress may
exercise, the Constitution declares that it shall
have power—■
"To make all laws which shall bo necessary and
proper for carrying into execution the foregoing
power and all other powers vested by this Constitu-
tion in the Government of the United States or in
any department or officer thereof."
If the power which that resolution asserted
is not given there you cannot frame a clause
which would clothe Congress with that power
more clearly.
Mr. President, upon this question I have said
all, perhaps more than I ought to have said.
The question has passed from the considera-
tion of Congress. There were difficulties out-
side of the Constitution in the way of the ex-
ercise of that authority, no matter how clearly
it resided in the Congress of the United States.
When Congress met here the President of the
United States himself had for months been
busy with the work that he called reconstruc-
tion. Pie had exercised, himself, the very au-
thority which I claimed for Congress. He had
abolished every one of those governments by a
word of his mouth, and had done just what I
asked Congress to do—established provisional
governments. He had taken steps to super-
sede those which he called provisional govern-
ments with others which lie called State gov-
ernments, but which are to-day only provisional
governments, nothing more nor less.
It has seemed good to the committee of fif-
teen not to disturb unnecessarily what the
President had done, but to take his handiwork
and to work it into some complete plan of
reconstruction. Hence, it seems to have been
thought advisable by them to let these organi-
zations stand or stagger as they might, to do
what they could with the work of home gov-
ernment, and to take the question from that
point and settle if they could some terms upon
which the other right, the right of representa-
tion, should be conceded to them by Congress.
They have finally submitted, or there is sub-
mitted to the Senate, a joint resolution for an
