634
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
in the .chair,) by unanimous consent, laid be-
fore the House the following communication:
Office of the Commissioner of Public Buildings,
Capitol op the United mates,
Washington City, February 3,18G8.
Dear Sir: The dome will be lighted by Gardiner's
electric apparatus at precisely seven o clock this
^fthink, if t.he members could be notified of the
faet, that many of them would be glad to be present
with their ladies. .
The manner of lighting is a great triumph ot art,
and the picture in the dome appears much better by
gas-light than by daylight.
If you think proper, pleaso causo the memoors to
be informed.
Yours, very truly, B. B. FRENCH,
Commissioner Fublic JJnitdonffs.
Hon. Schuyler Colfax, , .
Speaker House of Representatives, United states.
EREEDME^'s BUREAU AGAIN.
Mr. RITTER obtained the floor.
Mr.'SMITH. I ask the indulgence of my
colleague to offer an amendment.
TheSPEAKERprotorepore, (Mr. Grixxell
in the chair.) It is not in order.
Mr. SMITH. May I have it read?
- The SPEAKER pro tempore. If it is in the
nature of an argument it may be read.
Mr. SMITH. Can I have it read for the
purpose of offering it on Monday ?
Mr. RITTER. I yield for the purpose of
having it read.
Mr. BANKS. If it is a proposition that
leads to action either now or on Monday it can-
not be read.
Mr. SMITH. My colleague agrees that it
may be read.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If it is part
of the speech of the gentleman from Kentucky
it may be read.
Mr. RITTER. I deelinc to have it read as
a part of my speech.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Then the gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Ritiee] will pro-
ccccl.
Mr. RITTER. Mr. Speaker, it maybotruly
said that the people of the United Stales are
indeed a progressive people. We have made
most rapid progress during the last five years in^
destroying property and in taking the lives of
human beings and in increasing our national
debt, and still wo are not contented; bills are
being presented to this House almost daily
making additional demands for increased ex-
penditures by increasing and enlarging the ma-
chinery of our Government, so that new offices
are being multiplied to an enormous extent.
Indeed, sir, we have already gone so far in
that direction that when we see such bills as
the one now before this House, to enlarge the
powers of the Freedmen's Bureau, with all that
it, requires, we may well begin to fear that wo
have not only destroyed vast amounts of prop-
erty and of human life, but that we will very
soon destroy that also which should be most
dear to every American citizen, the credit of
this nation. Sir, the powers of that bureau,
which this bill proposes to enlarge, are already
larger than anything of its kind that the world
ever knew. No history, Mr. Speaker, with
which T am acquainted gives any account of any-
thing similar to this bureau. It, is, sir, it I
understand it,, an illegitimate sprout of the Fed-
eral Government; it is, in other words, a gov-
ernment within a Government; it is not made
for all the people, but for a part of the people
only; it is not made for the white people of
these United States, but for the colored people ;
but the enormous and vast amount of money
required to sustain it, all or nearly all has to be
paid by the white people.
Mr. Speaker, why is it necessary to continue
this most powerful and expensive establishment?
What is it that makes it right and proper for us
to force upon the hard-working and honest peo-
ple of the United States an annual tax of from
twelve million dollars to probably a hundred or
two hundred and fifty million dollars? Is it
because of the war? No, sir; there is no war
now between the people of the United States.
Is it slavery? No, sir; there is no slavery in
this country now; and while slavery did exist in
this country no such necessity was ever thought
to exist. Sir, if it is necessary, I affirm that it
is because we have abolished slavery, and tor
no other reason. When the question of the
amendment of the Constitution abolishing sla-
very was before the people, they were told that
all that was necessary to settle forever the vexed
and exciting questions about the negro was to
vote for the amendment, abolish slavery, and
that we would have no more trouble in regard
to the negro race. Sir, I put the question to
you, and through you, to this House and to the
country, how many votes would have been given
for abolishing slavery if the people had been
made to know that, by abolishing slavery, they
were bringing upon themselves an annual tax,
for  n indefinite period, of from twelve to two
hundred and fifty million dollars ? For one, sir,
I do not believe that one half of the votes could
have been obtained for that measure.
Mr. Speaker, we are here as the Representa-
tives of the people who have to support this
Government; they have honored us with this
high position, not that we should unnecessarily
burden them with taxation, but that we should
only require such an amount of taxes as v/iil
be necessary to pay the expenses of the Gov-
ernment, economically administered, and in a
reasonable time to pay all the just claims against
the Government. Believing this to be the proper
rule for our action here, I appeal to every gen-
tleman in this House to pause and to give due
consideration to the bill now before this House
before he casts his vote for it.
Sir, the establishing or continuance of the
Freedmen's Bureau is, in my judgment, not
only unnecessaij, but it is worse than nothing.
If the vast amount of money required by this
bill must be paid to the officers and employes
under it, it would be far belter to require them
to remain at home, and let the people in each
State regulate their own affairs _in their own
way, being subject to the Constitution of the
United States and laws passed in accordance
with it.
Mr. Speaker, it has, I believe, always been
held by the purest and best statesmen in our
country that it is extremely dangerous to put
too much power into the hands of one or even
a few men ; but judging from the bill now be-
fore us, I suppose that that good and whole-
some doctrine must go overboard, as well as
every other principle in our old Government
which wo have all so long professed to admire.
The first- section of the bill to enlarge the
powers of the Freedmen's Bureau, and which
we now have under consideration, contains
these words, '' That the act to establish a Bureau
for the relief of Frccdmcn and Refugees, ap-
proved March 3, 1805, shall continue in force
until otherwise provided by law,_ and shall ex-
tend to refugees and frecdmen in all parts of
the United "States," &c. Now, sir, I under-
stand lhatthe word "refugees," as used above,
is intended to designate loyal whites who have
had to leave their homes for their own safety,
and have not been able on account of the dan-
ger of personal violence io return to their
homes; and if I am right in this, 1 suppose that
there is now none of that class anywhere in the
United States. We are told that peace reigns
now throughout our whole country, and that
there is no danger to be apprehended in travel-
ing in any portion of our country, except it may
be from thieves and robbers; and if there are
any now being supported by the Government,
it is certainly wrong, unless the Government
intends to take from the States that grealpriv-
ilc-ge of supporting their own poor.
But it will be seen from that portion of the
bill which I luue quoted that the powers of this
bureau are extended to every State in this
Union. Why is it. sir, that this almost unlim-
ited power should be extended everywhere?
Why extend it to the northern States? Have
they any refugees or frecdmen there that tliey
uro unwilling to treat justly? I cannot think
that the people of the northern States require
that they should be interfered with in the man-
agement, of their own affairs. No, sir; but on
the contrary, judging from their almost con-
tinual intermeddling aid interference in the
affairs of other States, that they, like some of
other days, were even above suspicion. Why,
then, extend this vast machinery to those States?
I may be told that the President will not, by
appointing officers in every county in these
States, so enlarge the expenditures of our Gov-
ernment, becausc it will be unnecessary to do
so. If this be true, where, I ask, is the neces-
sity for granting that power? This bill, if I am
correctly informed, was drafted by a gentleman
of great ability and experience. Surely he
would not have granted this immense power
without some grand object to be attained by it.
Mr. Speaker, I would not willingly come to
the conclusion that this enlargement of the
powers of this bureau was made for party or
political purposes. But, sir, suppose this to
have been the design ; what other machine eould
have been putin operation that would give hope
for the accomplishing of half so much? What
more could a President desire (who might think
proper to use such means) than 'to have the
power to appoint a man of his own choice in
every county in the United States, clothed with
the power conferred by this bill t And not only
this, but it confers the power to appoint hun-
dreds of others, making altogether an army
of office-holders, scattered all over the United
States, whose influence may be brought to bear,
in any political contest, greatly against the
wishes and interests of the people.
In the second section of this bill we have the
following, to wit:
That the Commissioner, with the approval of the
President, may divide each district into a number oi
sub-districts, not to excced the number of counties or
parishes in such district, and shall assign to eachsub-
diotiiet at least one agent, either a citizen, officer of
the Army, or enlisted man, who, if an otticer, shall
serve without additional compensation or allowance,
and if a citizen or enlisted man shall receive a .-alary
not exceeding §1,200 per annum. And the Commis-
sioner may, when the same shall be necessary, assign
to each assistant commissioner not exceeding three
clerks, and to each of said agents one clerk, at an an-
nual salary not exceeding $1,000 each, provided suita-
ble clerks cannot be detailed from the Army. Anu
the President of the Bmtcd States, through the \V ar
Department and tho Commissioner, shall extend mil-
itary jurisdiction and protection overall employes,
agents, and officers of this bureau in the exeieise of
tho duties imposed or authorized by this act, or tlis
act to which this is additional.
Mr. Speaker, I have quoted this section of
the bill to show the vast extent to which it is
intended that this machine shall go. If it is
thought proper by the Commissioner and the
President, every county or parish in the Uni-
ted States is to be considered a district, and
each one is to have an agent, and if that agent
be a citizen or enlisted man ho is to have a
salary of $1,200 per annum. If, however, he
should be an officer he may receive whatever
he may be entitled to as an officer in the Army.
Here, sir, we have a vast field opened out for
the retention of military men. No other Gov-
ernment, 1 apprehend, lias ever progressed so
far in a time of peace. But, sir, this is not
all. By the same section of this bill it is, in my
judgment, made absolutely necessary to retain
a large army in the field, if l'or no other pur-
pose but simply to protect the employes, agents,
and officers of this bureau. I am informed by
General Howard, the Commissioner of this
bureau, that at the time of making the report-
which was made by him to the present Congress
there were in tho employment of the bureau
four hundred and thirteen officers and threo
hundred and seventy-five civilians, beside ten
commissioners and himself, making in.all seven
hundred and ninety-nine men. This, it will
be remembered, was when this bureau was re-
stricted (by the law which gave it birth) to ten
States. Now, if it required seven hundred and
ninety-nine men to work this machine in ten
States, how many will it take to work it in
thirty-six States?
The third section of this bill says—
That the Secretary of War may direct such issues
of piovisions, clothing, fuel, and oilier suppnest in-
cluding medical stores and transportation, ana alioru
suehaid, medical or otherwise, as he may deem neea-
ful for the immediate and temporary shelter anasup-
ply of destitute and suffering: refugees and iresumefl,
