1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
deal. It was a most solemn and significant act.
It meant that the character of all persons within
the limits thus declared insurrectionary was that
of public enemies of the United States, whose
property was liable to betaken by the Army in
the just and necessary prosecution of the war,
« and that they, unless they made their escape
from the Bedlam in which they found them-
selves, were liable to be treated as our foesand
be subjected to the will of the conqueror.
I have another weighty objection to the frame
of this bill. The questions which it submits to
the Quartermaster and the Commissary Gen-
eral are, in their very nature and essence, ju-
dicial questions. 'The Constitution of the Uni-
ted States gives to no person judicial authority
except the courts. What chance, I ask, have
the United States to make out a defense against
one of these c^jrns before an official with no
judical power, not authorized to call persons
before him by subpoena, not authorized to pun-
ish for contempt, not authorized to submitany
of the questions that may arise to an impartial
jury, but who must, from the very nature of
the case, proceed ax parte, and upon testimony
existing^ the shape of depositions? And a^ my
friend from Oregon has said, how very little
reliance is to be placed in contested questions
of fact upon the testimony of depositions! Pass
this bill, and my prediction is, although I am
not a prophet nor the son of a prophet, that the
Ireasury of the United,States will be depleted
to the tune of a billion dollars before all such
claims will be satisfied.
Sir, how are you to draw a distinction be-
tween claims of this kind for quartermaster's
and commissary stores, and claims for dam-
ages on the part of the same class of persons at
the South for the destruction of houses, barns,
and fences and forests, and every description
of damage that was done either to personal or
-to real property? I ask my honorable friend
from Wisconsin, where is the distinction, in
point of principle, between the seizure and use
of commissary and quartermaster's stores, and
the seizure and use of real estate for the ac-
commodation and the comfort of the Army that
consumes such stores? It is in vain to say that
there is any distinction. If I was a Union man
at the South, I should think as great a wrong
was done me if my house were used by the
Army, and destroyed in the use, or my other
real estate damaged, as I should were my hard
cash taken out of my drawer. In both cases
I am the loser and the Government the gainer.
In both cases the property is used for the pros-
ecution of the war, and I am as much entitled
to indemnification for damages done to my real
estate as. for damages done to my personal
estate.
_ Once establish the principle that this indem-
nification is obligatory upon the Government,
and I ask my honorable friend from Illinois
[Mr. Trumbull] whether he' must not in the
end vote to pay for all the ravages committed
by Sherman's army on its famous march from
Atlanta to the sea_, sweeping as it did with the
besom of destruction a tract of not less than
sixty miles in width, from Georgia to the At-
lantic ocean, leaving^ in its track nothing but
a wide-spread desolation, repulsive even to the
imagination and frightful to the genius of his-
tory. Sir, we must sooner or later compen-
sate every Union man who was affected by that
raid if we pass this bill or any measure of like
purport. Such, at least, is my prediction.
Again, I ask you, where is the sensible and
practical distinction between an indemnifica-
tion to a Union man for property thus taken
and an indemnification to a rebel at heart who
had not committed an open act of treason?
Contemplate them ! There they are; one liv-
ing on one side of the highway; the other on
the other. The former has professed Union-
ism from the beginning, but has not taken up
arms to defend the Government. He has done
no act; he has not contributed a dollar for that
purpose; but he has staid quietly in his own
homo and professed in liis intercourse with his
neighbors to be friendly to the United States,
and has expressed, honestly, perhaps, in a thou-
3619
sand forms, his deepregretand sorrow at the in-
surrection. On the other side of the street is a
man who has entertained opposite sentiments,
who has been a friend of secession, who has
spoken in favor of and advocated the right of
secession and the fact of secession, but who has
not raised his hand against his Government-nor
contributed a dollar nor a ponnd of lead nor a
bushel of corn nor any other thing to aid and
assist in the prosecution of the insurrectionary
war. '' The former,'' says my friend from Illi-
nois, 'I will pay for all that may have been
taken from him by the Army:" but he says in
the same breath, " the latter! will not pay. He
has lost his thousands, it is true, by the Union
Army, as well as his neighbor over the way.
I will reward the Union man with an indem-
nity; I will make the other, not a Union man
and yet not a traitor, he having committed no
overt act, suffer the loss of thousands for enter-
taining different opinions." Sir, is this jnst; or
rather is this a safe principle upon which to
rest our legislation ? I insist that it is not. In
my view it approaches too nearly to mere pue-
rility^ not to say the ridiculous, to be the foun-
dation of legislation.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move that the
Senate take a recess until seven o'clock, so as
tohave an evening session for the consider-
ation of pension bills.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not. Let us dis-
pose of this bill. This bill will come up at
seven o'clock if we take a recess now.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. No, sir. There is
a special order for seven o'clock which I had
fixed for the purpose of passing some pension
bilis, which every Senator is interested in.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it very manifest
that if we take a recess now this bill will be
discussed again to-morrow in the same way
that it has been to-day and was yesterday. We
have got to have a vote upon it at some time,
and I think wo had better hold on to it now
until we finish it.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. The Senator will
understand that there was a resolution passed
yesterday morning fixingthis evening at seven
o'clock for the consideration of bills from the
Pension Committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am aware of that, but
we can suspend that resolution just as we did
the special order to-day. The Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] had a special or-
der for one o'clock to-day, but it was set aside
by the unfinished business. My judgment is
to hold onto this bill now until we finish it, and
I hope the_ Senate will do so. Let us kill it
or enact it into a law, so far as we can do so.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I do not know
whether a motion to^ake a recess is debatable.
Mr. SUMNER. It is.
_ Mr. LANE, of Indiana. If it is, I should
like to say that in my opinion greater impor-
tance attaches to the passage of these pension
bills than of the bill now under consideration.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We will pass those,
too. '
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. We are proposing
now to pass a bill to indemnify loyal persons
in the rebel States. I shall vote for it; but I
do not consider that claim any more sacred
than our duty to pay our maimed and wounded
and crippled soldiers and the surviving orphans
and widqws of those who have been killed the
pensions that are due to them under the law.
I, for one, would rather pass these twenty or
thirty pension bills than pass this bill, if they
were antagonized; but I do not see any neces-
sity for that. When the order of the Senate
was taken yesterday, it was peremptory that, at
seven o'clock this evening there should be a
session for the consideration of bills from the
Pension Committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We shall get through
with this bill before seven o'clock. Let us go
on with it.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Perhaps there is
not a single Senator in the Senate who is not
interested in some one of these pension bills.
I am as little interested in them, perhaps, as
any one else.
Mr. CLARK. Let us go on for half an
hour or so with this bill.
Mr. LA.NE, of Indiana. I have no objec-
tion to going on with it, but I do not want it
t0^?te£fere with the order for seven o'clock.
. ThePRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pqmeroy
m the chair.) Does the Senator withdraw his
motion ?
^r- kANE, of Indiana. I do not.
- Fr'. CONNESS. _ There is nothing incon-
sistent m the two -objects desired to be accom-
plished. I hope we shall go on now and vote
oit the hill before us. The Senate, I appre-
hend, have discussed the subject sufficiently.
We have heard all sides of it. There are
amendments to be offered 
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. And speeches to
be made.
Mr. CONN ESS. The Senator says there
axe speeches to be ij^ide upon it. How does
he know that?
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. The Senator who
has charge of the bill told me that he desired
to say something upon it, and I think it very
proper that he should speak upon it, and I
shall hear him with great pleasure.
Mr._ CONFESS. I, too, am a friend of this
bill with proper amendments, but I shall not
give my vote from day to day to keep it before
the Senate to the exclusion of all other busi-
ness, if it is to be kept up merely for the&pur-
pose of listening to speeches when the ther-
mometer is at eighty-eight degrees in the Cham-
ber. If that course is to be pursued, I shall
give my vote against dtintinuing it, whether it
comes in the shape of a postponement or not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Indiana movgs that the Senate take a
recess until seven o'clock. .
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. If tliei#can be a
vote on the bill, I will withdraw that motion.
I am as anxious to have a vote upon it as anv-
body.
Mr. POLAND. I had designed to say a'
very few words in reference to the amend-
ment that is proposed and upon the bill itself;
but ten minutes would be as much time as I
should desire.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I withdraw my
motion, then.
Mr. POLAND. If no other gentleman
desires to say anything, we shall have ample
time to finish this bill before we take a recess.
^ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I withdraw the
motion. I understand the Senate are ready
now to go right through with the bill.
Mr. POLAND. Mr. President, it is cer-
tainly very singular to me that so good a law-
yer as the honorable Senator from Michigan
should have fallen into so strange a delusion
as it seems to ine he has done in reference to
the law upon this subject. lie has read some
extracts from the opinion of the Supreme Court,
reported in 2 Black in the prize cases, as they
are termed, to show that the inhabitants of
the insurgent States, although they were loyal
in fact, and did everything that was in their
power to show their loyalty, their good will
and good disposition toward the Government
of the United States, still, in point of law, were
enemies; and that, although we took their
property, and took it by contract, bought it of
them, gave them a written obligation for it,
we are under no moral or legal obligation to
pay for it, because, he says, they were legally
enemies.
It is always important, as I have found,
when you are going to attach any weight to
what a jadge or any court through a judge has
said, to find out what he was talking about.
What were those prize cases about which Judge
Grier was speaking when he gave that opinion ?
The rebellion had assumed formidable propor-
tions. A large majority of the people of the
southern States were in arms. The great ma-
jority of them were hostile or disloyal. They
stood in the attitude of a hostile foreign nation,
although there were various persons in those
communities who were our friends, who had
