1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1699
of the Constitution, urged that argument, and
it prevailed. Every one can read it. It is in
our records; and it is one of the remarkable
things in our records.
Now, we propose to meet the ease, not by
any half measure, but by a measure which
receives the approbation of both debtor and
creditor. All the .debtors, as I have said, are
in favor of this measure. I ask any member to
rise here and state if he knows a creditor
who is against the bill. I should like to know
any man who has reason for saying that there
is a creditor in the United States of America
who objects to the provisions of this bill. I
should like to see any man who will say that
this measure does not approach to the creation
of an equality between, debtor and creditor,
which is the great thing to bo desired in all
commercial transactions. If any one wishes
to say that the creditor interest opposes the
passage of this bill, or has authority for saying
so, 1 am ready to yield him a portion of my
time for that purpose. I have searched this
country over, and have found no one making
such objection.
I wish to make one further remark in con-
nection with these suggestions, for they are
nothing more. A speech upon this subject
would require not only the time allowed by the
rules of this House, but the time of a day and
a night session. What I have uttered has been
simply propositions; not an argument, but
suggestions. Allow me to say—1 may be sin-
gular in entertaining this idea—that it seems
to me that one of the principal causes of the
difficulty between sections of this country has
been that Congress has not carried into effect
the powers granted to it.
Mr. FAllNSWORTIL I wish to inquire of
the gentleman from Rhode Island whether he
will give me three minutes of his time.
Mr. JENCKES. I propose when I conclude
my remarks to yield to the gentleman from
Now Jersey, [Mr. Rogers,] and if there is
any time left I will then yield to the gentleman
from Illinois.
Mr. Speaker, here is a great unexecuted
power which has existed, and not exercised,
cxeept for short intervals, since the adoption
of the Constitution. Suppose it had been en-
forced by the First Congress, and the relation
of debtor and creditor had been established
uniformly in every State, would it not have been
an element of union strong as the Constitution
itself, because it would have bound together
the business interest* of every man in the coun-
try? When the Constitution was adopted com-
mercial transactions were confined to the At-
lantic coast, but now they have spread to the
Pacific and throughout all the inland cities, and
commercial transactions envelope the whole
Union m their clasp. And further, if this Con-
gress should exercise the power granted to them,
of regulating the internal commerce, not merely
the relation of debtor and creditor established
or attempted to be established by this bill, but
the internal commerce between the States as
well as the external commercial i el at ions, what
a bond that would create between all commer-
cial infeiests and between every individual
engaged in commerce throughout the country.
in ordei that 1 may not be misunderstood or
misrepresented in any way, let me refer to the
Constitution itself in reference to the grants of
power to Congress, in the eighth section of
the tii-.it article, after the power to define and
punish piracies and felonies, which has already
been done, it is provided that Congress shall
pass laws in reference to offenses against the
lawof nations. Why has not Congress executed \
that power? Has it been because all previous ,
Congresses have stood aghast at the grand task !
thus imposed upon them, as some seem to think '
they should as to the duty which they are now j
asked to perform? Why is it that before the (
commencement of the v.arwe had not recorded j
in our legislation the experience of all the civ- |
iiizod nations on earth, and stated by authori-
tative statute what we understood to be the
law of civilized Christian nations, defining of-
fenses against it, and prescribing the punish-
ment for such offenses ? Let us do these things.
Lot us not shrink from exorcising any of those
powers. 1, for one, feel that my duty in my
place here is that I should stud}' out all these
subjects; that I should give to the House and
the country the result of such study, and that
I should endeavor to see that carefully framed
enactments, based on the results of such care-
ful study, should become the law of the land.
1 hope every one who hears me has the same
thought. As to the responsibility for the legis-
lation I propose, I assume it all, and ask no
one to share it with me.
And I wish to say, in conclusion, that it is
my belief that many of our controversies might
have been prevented, and most, if not all, of
our present difficulties might be overcome, if
Congress would wisely exercise the great un-
executed powers granted by the Constitution.
Let us begin by establishing the relation of
debtor and creditor ; let us follow that benefi-
cent action by recognizing and enforcing a
code of commercial law ; and above and beyond
all, let us declare by the plain language of
statute-law what wo believed, to be, aud what
we are prepared to maintain, as the law of
nations, and define aud fix the punishment for
the offenses against it. When Congress shall
have done these things, which the Constitution
authorizes and requires it to do, then the Uni-
ted States of America will have, taken their
true placc among the nations of the earth.
Mr. ROGERS. It is a well-known fact that
prior to the situation of the country in which it
has existed for the last five years the party
which I represent persistently opposed the pas-
sago of all bankrupt laws. I have, heretofore,
been opposed myself to a system of this char-
acter, and if the situation of the country had
remained as it was before the war and before
our financial difficulties, I perhaps would have
remained in the same state of mind; but I feel
the responsibility rests upon mo higher and
above all party considerations, and that the in-
terests of this whole country are at stake in
having some system adopted throughout the
length and breadth of this broad land that will
relieve those who have been so unfortunate as
to have failed in business by reason of the war
over which they had no control. I know the
results of this war have caused many honest
and patriotic business men throughout this
country to lose their properly.
In the great State of New York, as well as
m other States of the Union, the very best busi-
ness men have been for the last three or four
years lost to the best business interests of soci-
ety merely because they have been subjected
to failure on account of consequences to the
country which they could not prevent.
I have taken some pains to examine this bill
with a view to get it in such a shape that I could
conscientiously vote for it, and I am now free
to say that no bankrupt bill has ever been drawn
in this country which is so equal in its terms to
all sections and all parts of the country as this
bill. And because, within the language and
meaning of the Constitution, it extends to the
people of the southern States as well as to the
people of the North, I feel that I would not
be doing my solemn duty to the interests of the
whole country did I not, notwithstanding the
position which, in times gone by, has been as-
sumed by the Democratic party, cast my vote
in favor of this great measure which I believe
will do much to bring back that business en-
terprise, prosperity, and happiness which this
country enjoyed before these financial difficul-
ties came upon us.
I know that there are thousands of men in
the southern and northern States who had no
control of the state of affairs that has existed
during the last five years, who have been com-
pelled to go into insolvency. To these men,
whose hearts beat with patriotic emotion in the
North, as well as to the people of the southern
States, I want to extend the protection which
the Constitution designed should be extended
to them whenever the circumstances should
arise which required the passage of a law like
this.
Therefore I shall unhesitatingly and with
pleasure cast my vote for this bill, whatever
views may be entertained by those who hold
the same political opinion as I do, upon the
ground that it is my duty as a Representative
of the people, without distinction ot party or of
vocation, when a great measure like this comes
up, which I believe is to advance the interest
of the whole Union from one end to the other,
to throw away my party prejudices and cast my
vote for the advancement of that which I be-
lieve to be the best interest of society and par-
ticularly of the business classes of this country.
The question recurred on ordering the bill to
be engrossed .and read a third time.
Mr. BOSS. Is my motion now in order to
postpone till December next?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The previous
question cuts that off, having priority over it,
as the gentleman can find by reference to page
136 of the Digest.
Mr. ROSS. I do not care about destroying
the bill, but I thought next December would
be time enough to dig it up.
Mr. JBNCKES. It does not take effect
until the 1st of November.
Mr. ROSS. I move to lay the bill on the
table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The bill was then engrossed, and read a third
time.
Mr. JENCKES. I demand the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I call
for the yeas and nays on the passage of the
bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken on the passage of
the bill; and it was decided in the negative—
yeas 59, nays 73, not voting 51 ; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Alloy, Allison, James M. Ashley,
Baxter, Darling, Davis, Dawes, Dixon, Donnelly,
Driggs, Eliot, Earnsworth, Een-y, Grinnetl, Gnswotd.
Halo, Hart, Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard, Demas
llubbaid, John ft. Hubbard, James M. Humphrey,
Jonekes JCasson, Ketley, l.aflin, Lon^year, Marvin,
MeCullough, Mcltuor, Moorhead, Phelps, Plants,
Radford, Raymond, Alexander H. It ice, John II. Rice,
Rogers, Scoiicld, Sloan, .Spalding. Starr, Taber, Tay-
lor, Thayer, Eraneis Thomas, John L. Thomas, Trow-
bridge, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Robert
T. Van Horn, Ward, Ilenry D. Washburn, William
II. Washburn, Wentworih, "Williams, Windom. and
Wrisht-5',).
KAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Delos R. Ashley, Baker,
Baldwin, Beaman, Benjamin,Bcrpcen, Bidwell, Bing-
ham, Boyer, Bromwell, Buckland, Sidney Clarke,
Cook, Cullom, Dawson, Eekley, Eggleston, Eldridgo,
Earquhar,Einck,Glossbrenner, Grider, Aaron Hard-
ing-, Ahnor C. Harding-, Hayes, Henderson, Hill,
Hoimes, Chester D. Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell,
James R. Hubbell, Ingersoll, Julian, Kelso, Kerr,
Kuykendall, William Lawrence, LeBlond, Loan,
Marshall, Murston. MeCturg, McKec, Mercur, Miller,
Moulton, Myers, Kewell, iS'iblack, JNoell, O'Neill,
Orth, Paine, Perham, Price, Samuef J. Randall, Wil-
liam H. Randall, ltitter, Rollins, ltoss. Sawyer,
Schenek, Shellabarger, Smith, Stevens, Stilwcll,
Strouse, Thornton, Trimble, KiiHu li. Washburne,
WeSkor, and James E. WiUon—73.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Banks,
Barker, Blaine, Blow, Boutwell, Brandegee, Brooks,
Bioomall, Bandy, Chanter, Reader W. Clarke, Cobb,
Coiiroth, Conkiing, Culver, Defrees, Delano, Doming,
Denison. Duraont, Garfield, Goodyear, Harris, Higby,
Hogan, Hotebkiss, Ilulburd, James Humphrey, John-
son, Jones, Ketehani, Latham, George V. Lawrence,
Lynch, Metndoe, Morrill, Morris, Nicholson,Patter-
son, Pike, Pomeroy, Rousseau, Shankhn. Sitgrcaves,
Warner, Whaley, Stephen F. Wilson, Winfield, and
Woodbridge—51.
So the bill was rejected.
During llie roll-call,
Mr. WINFIELD said: I have paired with
my colleague. Mr. Ketciiam.
Mr. NIC110 LSON. 1 have paired with the
gentleman from New York, Mr. Chaj«leu.
Mr. WARD. I desire to state that my col-
league, Mr. Morris, is unavoidably absent, and
if present would undoubtedly vote for the bill.
Mr. ANCONA. My colleague, Mr. Dexi-
son, is paired with Mr. Lawiiexoe, of Penn-
sylvania, and my colleague, Mr. Jonxsosr, is
still confined to jhis room.
The vote having been announced as above
recorded,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, said: Imove
to reconsider the vote by which the bill Tyaa
rejected, and to lay that motion on the table.
