3620
THE COJSTGKESSIOML GLOBE.
July 0,
never forfeited their allegiance, who had never
done anything that was hostile to this Govern-
ment.. Npw, what did the court say? They
said that although we claimed, and legally
claimed, that that was still a part of our own
country, that all the inhabitants there, whether
in arms or not, wer® subjects of this Govern-
ment, and owed allegiance to it, that it was
nothing but an insurrection and a rebellion;
still, it having assumed these formidable pro-
portions, we had the same right to resort to
all those means which one nation may use
against a foreign nation with which it is at war.
It was argued that we were endeavoring to put
down a portion of our own people who were
in insurrection, and therefore we could not
legally blockade their ports. Now, it is well
understood, and has been for centuries, that
one of the means which one nation which is
at war with another mays use, is to blockade
their ports, to cut off their intercourse with
other nations, to stop their supplies. The court
said that we had just the same right to resort
to that against these States that were in rebel-
lion as we would have against a foreign nation
with which we were' at war; and having that
right, having the legal right to proclaim and
set. up this blockade, of course it must apply
to everybody. It must apply just as much
to individual persons who were our friends,
within that country, as to those who were in
point of fact hostile to us; that if we under-
took to stop the trade, in order to make it
practicable, or of any sort of use, we must
prevent everybody froifi trading. We could
not allow our friends to go there, and we could
not allow our friends who were there to come
out. We must stop it entifely. In that sense
the court said it was immaterial whether the
inhabitant there, the individual persons, were
our friends or our enemies; and that is just as
far as the courts have gone. That is the length
and the breadth of it.
My friend, the honorable' Senator from
Michigan, said yesterday that all our legisla-
tion had gone upon that same ground, had
gone upon the ground that all persons within
the limits of the rebel States were our ene-
mies ; that all stood alike in a loyal sense. I
was somewhat struck with a declaration of
that sort coming from so eminent a lawyer as
the honorable Senator from Michigan, and I
have sinee taken some pains to look into the
legislation of Congress upon this subject; and,
sir, it is entirely the other way. Every single
word of legislation that Congress, have adopted
upon the subject of the rebellious States or
the people of those States, from the beginning
of the war down to its close,' has been upon
an entirely opposite theory. The distinction
between loyal and disloyal people there has
been recognized. in every single statute passed
upon the subject, and by the decisions 6f the
' courts upon those statutes ; and it is distinctly
recognized in the last case that is reported on
the subject, the case of Mrs. Alexander's cot-
ton. • The law that was passed in relation to
abandoned property in the South that our
Army was authorized to take up and sell, con-
tained a provision tha;t if within a certain time
any owner of a portion of that property should
come forward and prove his loyalty, he should
have it restored to him. In the case of cap-
tured property, that which was captured upon
land, there was a provision also that the loyal
owner might come in and have redress for any
portion of it that he owned. And here let me
allude to the statute that authorized this cap-
ture upon land ; because my friend, the hon-
orable Senator from Michigan, says there is
no difference between a capture upon land and
a capture upon the sea.
Mr. HOWARD. No difference in point- of
principle. -
Mr. POLAND. I think there is a very great
difference in point of principle. The court
held in the prize cases, and justly held, that
the blockade must be total in order to be ef-
fectual, and if our-friends undertook to run
through the blockade, they were just as liable
to forfeiture as our enemies. But the statute
upon which these, captures upon land were
made is this:
"That if any person within any State or territory
of the United States, being engaged in armed'rebel-
lion against tlie Government of the United-States, or
aiding and abetting such rebellion"—
then their property is liable to be t&ken, but
no other class of persons excepting those who
are actually engaged in the rebellion.
This is ail I desire to say in reference to the
law on this subject.
As I said before, we have constantly gone
upon this distinction from the beginning of this
war to the end, that loyal persons in the South
were entitled to bo protected ; that they were
still citizens of the United States, with all the
rights of citizens living in the loyal States.
We have taken their property for the support
of our armies. Has it ever been questioned
but what, if loyal persons in the North fur-
nished provisions for the support of our armies,
they would have their pay? We have an 6x-
prcss statute to that effect. That is the very
principle of the Constitution, that if you take
private property for public use you are to yjoke
compensation for it. Now we propose to ox-
tend it over these States. What is the objec-
tion to it? It is said that there will bo danger
that some disloyal person will get paid. I sup-
pose there is some danger ot" it; and if two
disloyal persons should get pay for what they
have furnished where only one loyal person
got pay for what he furnished, I would rather
pay the two traitors than clioat the one loyal
arid true man. I would forego a great many
disadvantages and a groat many losses before
1 would agree that any one of our loyal friends
in the South who stood by us through all the
perils and terrors of this rebellion—1 would do
anything almost rather than that ho should
not have his pay.
Now, sir, as to this particular amendment
that is proposed by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, as the Senator from New Hampshire
said, where is the difference in principle? If
we really had the property, and it went to the
use of our Army, ana the man is a loyal and
true man,what difference does it make whether
he has got the evidence of a receipt in his pocket
or not? Was it not equally beneficial to us?
Was it a matter of choice with him whether he
should have the receipt, written evidence, to
show what he had furnished? Of course not.
But, Mr. President, there is another answer
to this, and it seems to me a very sufficient one.
If this business had all been done in the quiet
of a counting-room, if it had baen done in the
ordinary way of mercantile transactions, there
would have been some ground to Suspect a
claim that was not evidenced by a writing; but
how was it? That country was invaded by onr
armies. ' Generally in the immediate vicinity
there was a hostile army. Everything was ter-
ror and confusion and alarm. In a great many
instances the owners of the property were not
present to have any receipt given to them.
When these foraging parties went out in haste
and confusion for the purpose of getting sup-
plies, there was not always time, they had not
the materials, had not the opportunity to give
receipts. Of course, this class of cases has got
to be scrutinized with more deliberation; more
care must be taken; more strictness must be re-
quired in the proof that the claimant is required
to make in order to allow a claim' that is not
evidenced by writing than one that is evidenced
by it; but that is a matter for the administrators
of the law. The bill that we have framed, with
the amendment that the honorable Senator
from Illinois has proposed, and which we have
adopted, has been made as strong as language
could make it. As the Senator from Wiscon-
sin said, we have the administration of it in oat
own hands. Are we afraid to trust ourselves
to do right for fear somebody else will do
wrong? That is a very old argument that we
must not do right, must not do what justice
requires of us because somebody may make a
pretense of doing wrong, That is an argument
that has no terror for me. I-trust, sir, that
this amendment will not be adopted.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion. is on the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts.
Mr. HOWE. I move to amend that amend-
ment by striking out all after the word "and,"
in the fifth line, down to the word "receipt," in
the seventh line, and to insert in lieu thereof
" taken up on the returns of the proper officer."
Mr. JOHNSON. How will it road then ?
The Secretary. It is proposed to include
in the words proposed to be stricken out the
words "receipted for by the proper officer
receiving the same," and. to insert "taken up
on the returns of the proper officer;" so that if
the amendment to the amendment be adopted
the first section will read:
That all claims of loyal persons, not oxecedin«S500
for quartermaster's stores actually furnished to tho
Army of tho United-States and tajyn tip on tho re-
turns of the proper officer may tRii   
Quartermastor General, &c.
Submitted to tho
turns of tlie proper officer may
Get
Mr. HOWE. The point of the amendment
is this: the entering them on the return of the
officer is the evidence, that the United States
gets the benefit. These aro quartermaster's
and commissary stores which wo provide for
paying, df they are entered on the returns of
the officer he becomes chargeable with them
and must disburse them just as he distributes
other stores furnished by the different depart-
ments. If ho docs not enter them on his re-
turns tho ovidcnco is conclusive that tho Anny
does not got the benefit of them, but that tho
property was applied to the personal use of
tho officer taking it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I understand now what
the honorable member's object is; but how is
that accomplished by saying "taken up on
tbo returns?" You mean "entered on tho
returns," I suppose.
Mr. 1IOWE. That is the term, I believe,
that the oflicers themselves use.
Mr. JOHNSON. "Taken up on the re-
turns?"
Mr. IIOWE. Yes, sir.
Mr. JOHNSON. It cannot be so.
Mr. HOWE. That is what I mean by it, at
ajll events, and I understand that to be the
term in use by the accounting officers at these
departments. It is evident that we do not
mean to pay for property taken by officers and
applied to their own -use, whether they gave
receipts or not. It will be within tho recollec-
tion .of the honorable Senator from New Hamp-
shire that the Committee on Claims refused to
pay for a horse taken in.Virgima, although the
quartermaster taking it gave a receipt for it.
Why? Because he never entered it on his
returns, he never accounted for it to, tho Uni-
ted States, but took it and appropriated it to
his own use. It was a mere trespass. I do
not suppose we intend to hold ourselves re-
sponsible for. the trespasses committed by our
own officers.
Mr. CLARK. There may be and undoubt-
edly are cases where the property taken went
to the use of the Army, and yet where it does
not appear on the returns. There was a case,
as the Senator will perhaps be aware of, where
a considerable portion of tobacco was taken at
the city of Atlanta and distributed by General
Sherman. It did not appear on the quarter-
master' s return, but yet we recommended that it
be paid for. We did not pay for the horse in
the .pas® referred to, because it did not appear
by the return or in any other way that it went
to the Me of the Army, and we supposed the
man kept it.
Mr. HOWE. There was a ease where,
assuming the.power that belongs in the Legis-
lature and nowhere else, under very peculiar
circumstances, an officer commanding a great,
army did take possession of some tobacco,
which I believe is not a ration. The soldiers,
of his army being in a position where they
could not purchase this article, he took it and
distributed it, and the committee recommended,
that the Legislature should pay for it. But I
take it we could not authorize either the Quar-
termaster General or the Commissary General
to audit claims for such property. It is neither
