2860
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
merit. If the committee will turn to paragraph
forty-five they will see that builders and con-
tractors are exempt to the extent of $'2,500.
Now. these teamsters are compelled to pay
out a considerable sum of money during a
year for the purpose of taking care of their
horses, wagons, &c., so that $1,000 will be
entirely too small a sum. And then many of
them, as my colleague suggests, are compelled
to pay a local license. Now, it seems to me
we ought to give this class of persons an
exemption such as mechanics have, namely,
$1,000 after paying their expenses. A man
who employs simply one team will earn more
than 81,000 a year, nearly one half of which
he will be compelled to pay out during the
year. I think we ought to increase the ex-
emption certainly to $1,500, if not $2,000.
The question being put on the amendment
to the amendment, to strike out '• $2,000'' and
insert "$1,000," no quorum voted.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chairman
appointed Messrs. Morrill and Allison.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes sixty, noes not counted.
So the amendment to the amendment was
adopted.
The amendment, as amended, was then
adopted.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I move to
amend by inserting after the word " carriers,"
in the first line of paragraph forty-eight, the
words "and agents;" so that it shall read,
"express carriers and agents shall pay ton dol-
lars." Express agents now do not pay any
license. This bill proposes to tax the drayman
who hauls goods from express offices if his
income exceeds §1,000 a year. It also taxes
manufacturers of every desciiption. It did
propose to tax miners also. Now, these
express companies derive an immense reve-
nue from their business. It is a very profit-
able business, and I know of no reason why
their numerous agents and collectors all over
the country should not pay a license or tax
as well as the draymen who haul goods for
the agency or as artisans or manufacturers in
their several occupations. I hope the amend-
ment will prevail. ,
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move to amend
by striking out the words " or any articles" in
line thirteen hundred and ninety-seven. I offer
this for the purpose of confining this provision
to express carriers and express agents doing
an express business, and leaving out entirely
draymen and teamsters. I think this tax should
only be levied on those doing an express busi-
ness either as express companies or as agents
of express companies. These draymen and
teamsters are quite as worthy of our favor as
those who have been exempted by the striking
out of the forty-seventh section.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope the amendment will
not prevail, and for the reason that I indulge the
hope that on the second soberthouglitthe House
will reinstate paragraph forty-seven when the
bill comes before the House ; and for the fur-
ther reason that the proposition of the gentle-
man from Iowa will be found to include, as I
think, more than he intends. There are ex-
press agents who do a large amount of business
m carrying packages containing articles of mer-
chandise and who rarely carry anything else,
and to exempt these would be entirely wrong.
It woul,d diminish the receipts so that there
would be but very few companies in the whole
country that would be liable to any tax at all.
If ire confine express companies to what they
receive from carrying money and valuable
papers we should derive scarcely any revenue
at all.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the amendment.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move to amend
the amendment by striking out the word " ar-
ticle," for the purpose of replying to the gen-
tleman from Vermont.
The gentleman says if my amendment should
prevail only those who are engaged in carrying
or delivering money or valuable papers would
be required to pay a special tax by this section.
Now, if the gentleman had read the section he
would have found that all the persons to whom
he alludes would be brought within the pro-
vision of the section by the terms " or doing
an express business." That is a complete
answer to his argument in opposition to the
amendment. It will include all persons car-
rying "money or other valuable papers or
doing an express businessbut it will relieve
persons who are not engaged in that business,
namely, teamsters and draymen, from this
special tax. And they certainly, I repeat, are
as much entitled to relief as those embraced in
the forty-seventh paragraph, which the gentle-
man says he hopes on a sober second thought
the House will replace. It will be quite as
easy to replace the language of this paragraph
after the adoption of my amendment as to
replace the forty-seventh paragraph.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to remind the
committee that the constant effect of our action
is to reduce the amount of revenue to be re-
ceived under this bill. That is all I have to say.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I withdraw the
amendment to the amendment.
The question was taken on the amendment
proposed by Mr. Wilson, of Iowa, and it was
disagreed to—ajres fifteen, noes not counted.
. Mr. ALLISON. I desire to add at the end
of the paragraph another proviso, to which I
think the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Moii-
rill] will not object. It is as follows:
Provided. That draymen and toamsters who drive
their own drays or teams shall not bo required to
pay such tax.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. ALLTSON. T propose to modify the
amendment or to offer it in a new form, so
as to read as follows :
Provided further. That draymen and teamsters,
who drive their own drays or teams, or employ others
to drive them, shall not be required to pay this tax.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. At the end of line fourteen
hundred and eight I move to insert the follow-
ing additional proviso:
Provided further, That draymen or teamsters own-
ing one dray or team .-hall not be required to pay such
tax.
Mr. MORRILL. I have no objection to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the paragraph
just considered:
That section eighty bo amended by striking out all
after the enacting ol&use and inserting in lieu thereof
the following:
Manufacturers of ground coffee and spicos shall
pay 8100. Any poison who manufactures or prepares
tor use and sale by grinding or other process coffee,
spices, or mustard, or adulterated coffee, spices, or
mustard, or any article or compound intended for
use in the adulteration of or as a substitute for coffee,
spices, or mustard shall be regarded as a grinder of
coffee or spices under this aet: Provided, That any
person who shall roast coffee shall be required to
pay the special tax hereby imposed on grinders of
coffee and spices.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I omitted to make a verbal
amendment. In lines fourteen hundred and
seventeen and fourteen hundred and eighteen
I move to strike out the words "or estimated
amount."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. In line fourteen hundred
and twenty-three I move to strike out the words
" or is liable to be increased."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
That section eighty be amended by striking out all
after the enacting clause and inserting in lieu there-
of the following: that the special tax shall not be
imposed upon apothecaries, confectioners, butchers,
keepers of eating-houses, hotels, inns, or tavorns,
tobacconists, or retail dealers, except retail dealers
in spirituous and malt liquors, when their annual
gross receipts shall not exceed the sum of $1,000, any-
thing in this act to the contrary notwithstanding: the
amount, or estimated amount, of such annual re-
ceipts to be ascertained or estimated in such manner
as the Commissioner of Internal Revenue shall pre-
scribe, a.nd so of all other annual sales or receipts
where the tax is graduated by the amount of sales or
receipts, and where the amount of the tax has been
increased, or is liable to be increased by lav/ abovo
the amount paid by any person, firm, or company,
or has been understated or underestimated, such per-
son, fnia, or company shall bo again assessed, and
pay the amount of such increaso: Provided, That
when any person, before the passage of this act. has
been assessed for a license, the amount thus assessed
being equal to the tax herein imposed for the business
covered by such license, no spocial tax shall bo as-
sessed until the expiration of the period for which
such license was assessed.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows: -
That section eighty-one be amended by striking
out all after the enacting clause and inserting in
lieu thereof the following: that nothing contained
in the preceding sections of this act shall bo con-
strued to impose an additional tax upon any person
as a dealer for the sale of goods, wares, and mer-
chandise made or produced and sold by the manu-
facturer or producer at the manufactory or placo
where the same is made or produced, and at the
public office or place of business, as provided in this
act; nor upon any vintners who sell wine of their
own growth at the place where the same is made;
nor upon apothecaries, as to_ wines or spirituous
liquors which they use exclusively in the prepara-
tion or making up of medicines; nor shall any pro-
visions bo construed to tax physicians for keeping on
hand mcdicinos solely for the purpose of making up
their own prescriptions for their own patients; nor
shall farmers be taxed as manufacturers for making
butter or cheese, or for any other farm products.
Mr. MORRILL. I move, in line fourteen
hundred and forty-one, to strike out the words
"business as provided in this act'' and to insert
in lieu thereof the following:
Provided, That no goods, wares, or merchandise
shall bo kept for sale at such office.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend this par-
agraph by adding to it the following proviso :
Provided, That the payment of any tax, by this
act levied or provided, shall not be held or construed
to exempt any person carrying on any trade, busi-
ness, or profession herein specified from any pen-
alty or punishment provided by the laws of any Stato
for carrying on such trade, business, or profession
within such State; nor in any manner to authorize
the commencement or continuance of such trade,
business, or profession contrary to the laws of such
State, or in places prohibited by municipal law; nor
shall the payment of any tax herein provided be held
or construed to prohibit or prevent any State from
placing any duty or tax for State or other purposes
on anytrado, business, or profession taxed by this act.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to amend this par-
agraph by inserting after the words "for making
butter or cheese " the words " with milk from
their own cows." I move this amendment for
the reason that in my section of country there
are manufacturing establishments — "cheese
factories" as they arc called—where the pro-
prietors buy up large quantities of milk and
curd and manufacture large amounts of cheese.
I think they ought to be taxed.
Mr. MORRILL. I see no objection to that
amendment.
Sir. GARFIELD. I would ask my col-
league [Mr. Spaldixg] if he better not make
his amendment to the next line, and insert
after the words "or for any other farm prod-
ucts" the words "of their own farms." Will
not that accomplish what the gentleman de-
sires?
Mr. SPALDING. Not quite.
The amendment of Mr. Spalding was then
agreed to.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. I move
to amend this paragraph by adding to it the
following:
Provided further. That no manufacturer who has
paid one or more special taxes shall be_ required to
pay any additional special tax for peddling tho sur-
plus goods of his own manufacture.
I had intended to move this amendment to
the paragraph in relation to peddlers, and if
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means [Mr. Morrill] will consent to turn
back to that paragraph so that I can move the
amendment to it, I will do so; otherwise I
will offer it here.
Mr. MORRILL. I have no objection to the
amendment being offered and considered; but
1 shall oppose its adoption whenever and where
ever it may bo offered.
Mr. VAN HORN, of IJew York. Then I
withdraw the amendment at this point, and
move to amend the paragraph relating to ped-
dlers by adding to the following sentence—
Any person, except persons peddling only nowspa-
