1700
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marcli 28,
The question being taken on the motion,
there were—ayes 52, noes 58.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
the yeas and nays.
Tiie yeas and nays were ordered.
The question being taken on the motion to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table, it was
decided in the negative—yeas 59, nays 08, not
voting 56 j as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Ancona-, Delos R. Ashley, Baker,
Benjamin, Bergen, Bingham, Bromwcll, Buekland,
Sidney Clarke, Cook, Cullom, Dawson, Eckley, Etfgle-
ston, Farquhar, JFmek, Glossbrenner, Grider, Anrnn
Harding, Abncr C. Harding,llaycs, Henderson, Hill,
Edwin N. Hubbell, Jamesli. ilubbell, Ingersoll, Ju-
lian, Kolfo, Kerr, William Lawr.cnce, Lc Blond,
Loan, Marshall, McOlurg, McKee, Mcreur, Miller,
Moulton, Myers, Niblaclc, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Per-
ham, Piiee, tfauiuul J. Randall, William II.Randall,
Hitter, llollins, Sawyer, Sehenek, Shellabargor,.Ste-
vens, Stilwell, Strouse, Thornton, Trimble, l^lihu B.
Washburne, and Welker—59.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Baldwin,
Beaman, Coukling, Darling. Davis, Dnwes, Dixon,
Donnelly, Driers, Eliot, Farnsworth, Ferry, (jfrin-
nell, Griswold, Hale, Hart, Higby, Holmes, Hooper,
Asaiiol W. ilubbard, Dcmas Hubbard, John II. Hub-
bard, James M. Humphrey, Jenckw, Kasson, Kelley,
ICujkendall, Laflin, Latham, Longyear, Marston,
Marvin, McOuJlough, Meltuer, Moorhead, Newell,
Noell, PhelDs, Plants, lladl'ord, Raymond, Alexan-
der!!. Rice, Jolm II. Rice, Rogers, Seolield, Spald-
ing, Starr, Taber, Ta> lor, Thayer, Fianois Thomus,
John L. Thomas, Trowln'idge, Up«on, Van Aornam,
Robert T. Van Horn, Ward, Henry 1). Washburn,
William B. Washburn, Weritworth, Williams, J as, K
Wilson, Stephen F. Wilaon, Windom, and Wright—GS.
jNOT V0T1N({—Messrs. Anderson, James M. Ash-
ley, Banks Barker, Baxter, Bidwell, Blaine, Blow,
Bout well, Boy cr, J>i andegee, Brooks, Broom all, Bun-
dy, (Jlumler, ltoader \V. Clarke, Cobb, UofFroth, Cul-
ver, Delrees, Delano, Doming, Dcnison, Dumont,
Fldridgc, (iarlield, (jloodyear. Harris,llogan, Hoteh-
kifs, Chester D. ilubbard, Hulburd, James Hum-
ph) ey, Johnson, Jones, Ketcham, George V. Law-
rence, Lynch, Melndoe. Momll, Morris, Nicholson,
Patteison, Pike, Pomeroy, Ross, Rousseau, Shanklin,
Sitgreaves, Sloan, Smith. Burt Van Horn, Warner,
Whaloy, Winfield, and Woodbridge—56.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion to
reconsider.
Mr. WO AM AN. I move to postpone the
further consideration of the motion to recon-
sider for oho week, and on that J demand the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. JENCKES. If the House will allow
me, I will repeat what I said at the opening of
the discussion this morning, when [ ashed a
postponement for one week, that 1 did it at
the request of absent members. I hope the
House will grant, it.
The question being taken on the motion to
postpone the motion to reconsider, there were
—ayes 7-'), noes ;!(>.
Mr. WAS ill! U RNli, of Illinois. J demand
the yeas and nays.
The, yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the motion to postpone was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I move to
reconsider the vote by which the motion to
reconsider was postponed, and to lay that
motion on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESRAliU I'UO.tr THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. W. J.
MeDox.u.p, its Secretaiy, announced that the
Senate hail passed without amendment a joint
resolution (11. it. No. 00) in relation to the
public lands appertaining to the armory at
Springfield.
nrsti tn swamp canal company.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication fiom the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. recommending an appropriation or some
other relief lor the Dismal Swamp Canal Com-
pany; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
MAU.tlEE BAT AND RTYEIt.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting, in compliance with a resolution
of the Ilouse of March 28, information
as to the amount of money necessary for the
improvement of Maumee bay and river at the
city of Toledo,' Ohio; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
INDIAN LANDS IN KANSAS.
The House resumed, as the first business of
the morning hour, the consideration of House
bill No. 2oS),to subject Indian lands and allot-
ted lands in Kansas to the laws thereof, upon
which Mr. Hubbakd, of Iowa, was entitled to
the floor.
The question pending was on the amendment
reported from the committee, as follows:
Provided, That nothing heroin contained shall be
construed to authorize any of said Indians or Indian
tribes to sell, grant, or lease any of said lands, unless
the sartlo be made by treaty or convention entered
into, pursuant to the Constitution of the United
States; nor shall anything; herein contained be con-
strued to give the State of Kansas power to tax any
of said lands, except, such as are held in severalty by
individual members of said Indian tribes.
_ Mr. HUBBARD, 'of Iowa. I ask the pre-
vious question on the amendment just reported.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I hope it will not be
seconded. The amendment is bad, and ought
not to pass.
The previous question was not seconded.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Mr. Speaker, I believe
I have now iive minutes to discuss the pro-
posed amendment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has one
hour.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Mr. Speaker, I wish to
call the attention of the Ilouse to the treaty
made with the Indians in 1801. The treaty
provides that the Indians of the Pottawatomie
tribe in Kansas who desire may have their lands
patented to them in severalty. The gentleman
who has charge of this bill informed the House
yesterday that many of these Indians had se-
lected their lands, and had received either their
certificates or their patents therefor; that nearly
all of these lands had been set apart to them
in severalty, many of them having abandoned
their tribal condition. Now, sir, under the
provisions of the proposed bill and amendment
of the committee the State of Kansas lias aright
to tax these lands held in severalty the same
as the lands of any other citizen of the State.
These Indians are not familiar with the tax
laws of Kansas, nor will they ever bo, and yet,
by virtue of these laws, which they will not un-
derstand, their lands will be sold and taken from
them. The result will be that nine tenths of
the Indians who own these lands will lose them
by the sharp practice of your land speculators
in Kansas under the operation of the tax laws.
These Indians understand the treaty, and have
complied with its terms and provisions, and if
further concessions are desirable, good laith
requires that we should get tliem by virtue of
a new treaty. The proposed action on the part
of Congress, to say the least, is in bad faith.
The treaty which was made with these In-
dians was intended to protect thein in the
enjoyment of those lands. The laws of the
United States are intended to protect them in
their rights ; and the same law that protects
these Indians provides for punishing them for
any injury which they may inflict upon the
whii e man or upon his property in the State
ol Kansas. The district court of the United
States has cognizance of such offenses ; it has
jurisdiction over the person and the property
of the Indian ; and any white man who maybe
aggrieved by any act of any Indian may appear
in that court and have the Indian prosecuted
for any crimes for which he may have been
guilty. Such is the law at present. No power
over these Indians during the existence of the
present treaty should bo vested in the State of
Kansas.
In my opinion, this bill is designed, not
by this committee, but by other persons who
desire solely the promotion of their own inter-
ests, and who are utterly regardless of the
rights or the welfare of the Indians, their
object being to get hold of these lauds, repre-
sented to be the most valuable in the State of
Kansas, for the purpose of compelling these
Indians to leave there, just as they have been
compelled to leave every other State, by force
and by cunning on the part of the white man.
They have been pursued by a ferocity of which
only a white speculator is capable. They have
been thus driven almost out of existence.
Sir, I believe it to be the duty of Congress
to protect these Indians in the few rights that
have been conceded them by the Congress
of the United States. This bill is not asked
for by the Indians. No one comes here and
says that the rights of the white man there have
been invaded, or that the treaty has been by
the Indians in any particular violated. I sin-
cerely believe that if this bill becomes a law
the result will be that these people will be op-
pressed. Their lands will be taken from them,
and they will be driven from Kansas miles
westward into the wilderness, and even then
they will not be allowed to rest. Other laws
and new violations of treaties will soon drive
them over the mountain range, and they will
find rest and peace only when covered by the
waves of the sea.
By the provisions of the treaty of 1861, it was
provided that "such tracts shall be exempt
from levy, taxation, or sale." It was agreed
upon our part, with these Indians, that these
lands held in severalty by them should be
exempt from State taxation.
Mr. WINDOM. Will the gentleman yield
to me one moment for a question?
Mr. IKGERSOLL. Certainly.
Mr. WINDOM. Is it not declared in a pro-
vision of the treaty which the gentleman just
read, that this exemption shall continue "un-
til otherwise provided by law?"
Mr. INGERSOLL. Yes, but it is limited
by another portion which I was about to read.
Mr. WINDOM. Then why does the gentle-
man claim now that the treaty declares that
these lands shall bo exempt from taxation, as
if we had no right to pass a law providing for
their taxation?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I was about to read,
when interrupted by the honorable gentleman,
a subsequent clause of the treaty which limits
the language referred to.
This hill proposes to subject, them to taxation
by the State of Kansas. It proposes to repeal,
so far, that contract made by the Government
with these Indians without any notice to them.
But let me read further:
"Untilotherwise provided by law,such tracts shal
be exempt from levy, taxation, or sale, and slfall bo
alienable in fee, or leased, or otherwise disposed of
only to the United States or to persons then being
members of the Pottawatomie tribe and of Indian
blood, witli the permission of the President."
In violation of the stipulation of this treaty
this bill proposes to dispose of these lands to
the State of Kansas, so far as to make them
subject to State taxation; and should the taxes
assessed not be paid, to vest the title absolutely
in other persons than those mentioned in the
treaty. By the treaty it will be observed that
no white person is allowed to buy any of these
lauds, even though the Indians might desire to
sell them. The bill under discussion proposes
to override this provision of the treaty.
It was never contemplated that the State of
Kansas should be a party to the contract, and
have any right to interfere between the United
States and these Indians. I understand that
these Indians are under the special protection
of Congress, and for Congress to concede all
its rights to the State of Kansas without a single
word from these Indians, and against what seems
to be their interest, would not only be an out-
rage upon their rights, but in violation of the
solemn compact which we entered into with
them four years ago, which I think demands
that we shall treat them honorably, justly, and
fairly.
I believe it to be true that, nine tenths of the
depredations ascribed to the Indians generally
are exaggerated by those who are interested on
our borders in plundering these tribes from
Kansas to California. Yes, sir, so far as the
evidence has gone in all the cases examined
heretofore, hardly with an exception, there has
been some white man, some avaricious mon-
ster with his fire-water, tracts, and trinkets,
robbing, cheating, plundering, brutalizing, and
