THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
;with tlxis subject to which I desire to call the
attention of this House, and that is the condi-
tion of the people who are the owners of these
lands. I understand, sir, that perhaps the only
property that they now own upon this earth is
these lands. Many of these people are now old,
and" are tottering on the brink of the grave ;
many others, who are children, who are unable
to do-anything for a support, but who are as
innocent, so far as the rebellion is concerned,
as the child unborn; many others, females,
who have no other means to depend upon for
support except these lands. Sir, is it possible
that gentlemen upon this floor can disregard
the appeals that must be made by a knowledge
of these facts, knowing these helpless people
are now destitute ? Sir, look at tlieir condition.
1 imagine that I can almost hear the plaintive
cries of these innocent children asking and
beseeching their widowed mothers for bread or
a morsel of something to cat. Yet that kind
mother is unable to furnish that morsel, because
all she owns has been taken by this Government
and turned over to the colored people. Sir, I
trust that that injustice will be continued no
longer, but that these lands will be given back,
to their owners.
But, Mr. Speaker, a very objectionable feat-
ure of this bill is yet to be alluded to. It is
that which requires a large army to be kept in
the field in order to sustain and enforce obe-
dience to this bureau and all of its require-
ments. Sir, who can tell how many soldiers
it will take and what it will cost the white peo-
ple of the United Slates to support and pay
these soldiers? Sir, I learn from Major Gen-
eral Howard, as before stated, that the bureau
had, at the time of making iiis report, three
hundred and seventy-five civilians employed at
an average of $100 per month, and four hun-
dred and thirteen officers at an average pay of
a captain in the line of the Army, which 1 sup-
pose to' he about one hundred and eighteen dol-
lars and fifty cents per month; seven commis-
sioners, receiving the pay of hiigadier general,
which I believe is $299 GO per month. Two
receiving the pay of colonels, which I think is
$19 i per month, and one who is receiving the
pay of major, which 1 suppose is $151; and
Major General Howard himself is receiving the
pay of a major general, which I understand to
be $445 per month. This, sir, will require
annually the clever little sum of $1,075,452.
Now, sir. add to Ihis ihe amount, that will be
required to pay the soldiers that must be kept
for their protection, and then add the addi-
tional number of men that must be employed
to work this machine all over the United States,
and remember at the same time that the Com-
missioner of this bureau has already made a
call for an appropriation, while he is only work-
ing in ten States, for nearly twelve million dol-
lars for Ihe next- year. Who, sir, can tell what
all this will amount to?
Mr. Speaker, I desire to call the attention of
the Ifoum; lo the great progress that we have
made in increasing the expenditiu es of'this
Government during the la.st forty-two or thiee
years. By reference to Mr. Benton's Thirty
Years' View, volume one, page 2.30, it will be
found that G en oral Smith, of Maryland, a mem-
ber of the Senate of the United States, makes
the statement that in 1822 the ordinary ex-
penses oflhc Government were SO, 827,64o, and
in the expenses amounted to the sum of
§!),784,154. Now, sir, who could have thought
at that day that in the comparatively short time
of forty-three years it would require the sum
of even 812,000,000 to fix up a machinery alone
for the benefit of three or four million negroes,
and more especially, sir, when it. is understood
that in 1820 we had a population, including
white and colored, of 9,6:!o,5-15. Mr. Speaker,
how Ion;* will it be at this rate—when we take
into consideration the factthatourUovernment
proper, besides this little bureau machine, is
nowoostingushundiudsofmillions of dollars—
how long. sir. will it bejjefore we have to call
in the -it.-ivH.es of Mr. Kennedy, of census no-
toriety , to e.-hmnto the amount of the debt we
owe ? Sir, it is time that we should slop all
useless expenditures, and let us return and imi-
tate the examples given by our fathers, so that
we may, like them, pay all just claims against
us, and thus maintain the high credit of this
great nation.
Mr. Speaker, I now desire to call the atten-
tion of the House to what I think has been, in
most places, the effect of the operations of this
bureau. I never did believe that it was doing
the colored people any good, and I feel very
sure that it has done the white people a great
deal of harm. If in the place of establishing
this bureau the authorities who made it had
directed the colored people who were not in
the Army to have remained at home with their
tiwners until the ratification of the amendment
to the Constitution abolishing slavery, there
would have been nothing for this bureau to do,
and the colored people would all have gone
home, their owners would have supported them,
and they would not have cost the Government
one dollar, and would have been better cared
for; and many poor colored women and chil-
dren who are now resting in their lonely graves,
or in the bottom of some river, would to-day
be enjoying freedom with far better prospects
than those who have been under the direction
of this bureau. Sir, look at the condition that
these people have been in, collected together in
large numbers at the different, camps or places
of rendezvous, many of them doing nothing,
without a shelter to put their heads under ex-
cept as they crowded into tents orvacanthouses
in large numbers, sometimes having furnished
to them by the Government plenty to eat, at
other times being without anything, many of
them living in filth and often exposed to in-
clement weather. This condition being such
as they were not accustomed to, did of course
bring on sickness and disease, which has termi-
nated in the death of vast numbers of these
people.
But, sir, the bureau was established, and the
agents appointed to manage these people have
generally been such as were deeply impressed
with the belief thai the former owners were the
colored man's strongest enemy. Hence their
actions have been predicated upon this, no
doubt, honest conviction as to some of them,
yet in fact a great error. The truth is that it
was exactly the reverse, and X have no hesita-
tion in saying to-day that in a very largo ma-
jority of oases the former owner is their warm-
est friend ; but, sir, many of the colored people
were induced to think otherwise, and the action
of the agents being predicated upon the convic-
tion that their former owners were the negro's
enemy, of course almost everything they have
done has had a tendency to keep up that im-
pression in the minds of {lie negroes, and hence
the necessity, in the estimation of the mana-
gers, for a continuance of the bureau, and for a
continuance of their olfieial positions and their
salaries; and together with the fact that it may
be made a most powerful political machine Lo
retain or destioy parly purposes or power.
Now, sir. to show that I am right in this, let
me call the attention of this House to a letter
recently addressed by Governor Orr, of the
State of South Carolina, to the President of the
United States. From this letter we learn that a
Major Delany, a colored oilicer, was sent on
an official tour of inspection, from department
headquarters, through the sea-coast, parishes.
After having performed the duty assigned, the
major says:
" lliave metwitlia.general representation of the in-
telligence and former wealth ot thcpianteisandiarge
land owners ot these districts and laise miuibets of
thefreedinenof both sexes and every condition anions
them, and have generally found the planter ready and
wilting to enter into any agreement reasonable and
ju.-t 1.0 both parties, planters andfreedmen. All with
whom I have yet met and had conversation on the
subject of the planting interest, readily indorse the
most libeiat desires of the Government and the bu-
reau toward the trecdmen. And the freedmen express
the most anxious desire to go to work on plantations,
and simply hesitate lor the purpose ot lecciving defi-
nite ordeis fioia the Government that they cannot
obtain the lands by purchase or otherwise, when they
will readily entci into airangeuients to work or give
place to those who will."
The Governor then says that—
"In the upper portions of this State, where the Freed-
men's Bureau has never been organized and where
post commanders chiefly bad charge of the relations
andconditionsofthefreedmen, this delusion wasnever
as strong as lower down, andyet it was strong enough
to prevent any contracts being made beiorofhc 1st of
January, 1860. Up to that time the freedmen believed
in the certainty of their tuture proprietorship. Since
that da.y haspassed they aro manifesting much grea ter
willingness to meet the necessities of their condition.
But in the lower part of the State the condition of
things is different. Here scarcely a contraethas been
or can be made. The delay in carrying out your in-
structions positively, which has continued from Gen-
eral Howard's visit, in October to Captain Ketchum'3
return in the last few days, rendered the freedmen, as
a body, incredulous of any restoration, They havein
many plaees quietly but firmly refused to accept any
terms. But I regret to say that within the last few
days they have in some instances resorted to vio-
lence, burning down dwellings, destroying bridges,
intrenching themselves in their quarters, and ret using -
either to contract or giveway to those who will. And
in these cases it, is proper to say that the contracts
offered them liavcbeen approved by the United States
authorities as liberal and just."
Now, sir, if this be true, as I have no doubt
it is, why should we enlarge the powers of this
bureau, and extend it to every State and county
in the United States, and prolong its existence
for an indefinite period?
Mr. Speaker, that there will be some difficul-
ties between the ill-disposed white men and the
colored people no man can doubt, no matter
what plan may be adopted by the Government.
But, sir, I hold that there are good men enough
in every State and county in these United States
to regulate and control their communities so aa
to have justice done to all of their inhabitants
as far as it can be done: and if left to themselves
to regulate their own affairs in their own way,
being subject to the Constitution and laws of
the United Stales and the constitution and laws
of their own States, tliar, they will accomplish
the grand objects for which this Government
was instituted much sooner and much more
happily than will be done if men are sent from
other States, who are strangers to the disposi-
tions and habits of our people, men who come
there with firm convictions, made mostly by
misrepresentations by interested parties or those
who do not know the true facts of the case, with
power to institute new courts, to be themselves
the judges and jury, to drag the citizens into a
court established not for all, but alone for the
benefit of the negro, and where in almost every
case the impression is made that the negro is
by the judge the preferred man of the crowd.
Sir, it is mere folly to suppose that harmony
and good feeling can prevail under such cir-
cumstances. Sir, allow me to say again, that
in the country where I live there is no ill feel-
ing against the negro on account of his having
been made free. All know that it was white
people who did that, and no one blames the
negro for wanting to be free; and J am sure
that, it is the intention of all good men through-
out the entire State to submit to the powers that
be, obey the Constitution and laws of the coun-
try, as a very large majority of her citizens have
always done, and thus do equal justice to all.
Mr. J'OUSSEAU obtained the floor.
Mr. 1\ EI j LEY. AYil 1 the gentleman yield lo
me a moment. I do not, desire to disturb the
gentleman in the course of his remarks. I
went to my room since I last had the pleasure
of addressing the House and found the news-
paper to which I referred. It is the Tuscaloo'sa
Observer of Saturday, December 0,5 8(35. being
the twenty-sixth number of the nineteenth \ ol-
ume of that paper. I find that I was mistaken
in saying that five persons had been hung;
there were three—two men and one woman:
" Circuit Court.—The following are some of the
leading oa?es tried and disposed of by the court, up
to Friday, 8th inhtant. to wit:
"Kixiox, a freedman—Larceny; Penitentiary for
5 ycais.
".loiix and Roman, freedmen—Larceny of horse;
Penitentiary for 1-! year?.
"David, a freedman—Larceny of horse; X^eniten-
tiary for 9() years.
"aaeon and Ivr.r, freedmen—Larceny of horses;
Aaron to be hanged—Eli, Penitentiary tor 25 years.
" Koiux, a ireedinan—Assault to murder; Peniten-
tiary for 3 yours.
" Riley, a freedman—Stealing watch from dwell-
ing; Penitentiary for 5 years.
" Ei.iz x, a freedwoman—Larceny; Penitentiary tor
5 years.
"Elshy and Phil, freedmen—Larceny of horses;
to be hanged.
