i8ea
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'"Salt.y, freedwoman—Larceny from a dwelling;
Penitentiary for 5 years.
"Emkline and Margaret—Murder; case unde-
cided.
" The criminal docket for tliis special term is large
beyond precedent; and unlets the negro population
reform, and that speedily, penitentiaries will have
to be erected in every county instead of every State.
This is a lamentable state of things, but is neverthe-
less true in every particular. The negro, ought, if
possible, to be kept from congregating in our towns
and cities, his true place being the plantation. Sep-
arated from this, he cann ot obtain a bare subsistence:
hence he has necessarily to plunder and steal to
supply the wants of nature. This will be a grave sub-
ject for our law-makers to cogitate upon."
Mr. D AWES. What is the judge's name?
Mr. KELLEY. It is not given—simply the
proceedings in the circuit court in Alabama.
Mr. DAWES. Was it in a State court 01- a
United States court?
Mr. KELLEY. A State court, I presume,
although it is not distinctly announced.
Mr. ltOUSSEAU addressed the House. [His
speech will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. SHANIvLIN obtained the floor.
Mr. SMITH. If my colleague will give way,
I will state that I withdraw my objection to an
evening session.
Mr. SHANKLIN. I have no objection to
that.
• Mr. SMITH. As my colleague is willing to
yield for a recess, I will move that the House
now take a recess until half past seven o'clock
p. m.
The' SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. G-nix-
nell in the chair.) The Gliair can entertain
110 motion but to adjourn. But the object of
the gentleman can be attained by unanimous
consent.
No objection was made.
And the House accordingly (at, four o'clock
and thirty minutes p. m.J took a recess until
half past seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m., Mr. Giuxxell, as Speaker pro
tempore, in the chair.
rreddmen's bureau.
The House resumed the consideration of the
substitute reported from the select committee
011 freedmen's affairs for Senate bill No. GO,
to enlarge the powers of the Freedmen's Bu-
reau : upon which Mr. Siianklix was entitled
to Ihe floor.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. Will my colleague [Mr.
Siiaxklin] allow me a moment, for the pur-
pose of making an explanation?
Mr. SHANKLIN. Certainly, with pleasure.
Mr. ROUSSEAU, General Spencer was
alluded to during the discussion this afternoon,
and I then said that I know of 110 such general
in Alabama, and 1 gave my reasons for im state-
ment. Sincotheni have ascertained that Gen-
eral Spencer is a real personage; that he went
to Alabama from Kansas as a sutler of a Kan-
sas regiment. He was a very clever gentleman,
no doubt, and he was appointed colonel of an
Alabama regiment, at Tuscaloosa, by General
Dodge. I had never heard of the gentleman,
before, and I would be very sorry to do him
any injustice. I understand he is a clever man,
and has done some service to the country. But
he was not in the service in Alabama while J
was there, but went with General Sherman on
his march ; hence I knew nothing of him.
. Mr. SHANKLTN. Mr. Speaker, since I have
' had the honor of a seal on this floor I have
: been a silent but 1 hope a not inattentive
observer of the passing events in this House.
! I would have rejoiced if I could consistently
: have remained silent, consistently with the duty
1 which I owe to myself'and to an intelligent and
patriotic constituency who have so generously
confided their interests to my care. I would
s prefer to continue a course which would have
been most congenial to my feelings. But when
< a measure of such great and vital importance
s to my native State,"wliieli I have, the honor in
^ pari to represent upon tliis floor, and to eleven
other States in this Union that have no Rep-
i resentaiivesliere—a measure intended to oper-
I- ate peculiarly upon my .State and those others
without a voice here, for the doors of this Hall
have been closed and barred against them, I feel
that I would be criminally recreant to my own
duty and my responsibility to my constituency
if I remained silent or failed to enter my solemn
protest against the passage of this measure.
I do not intend, as many gentlemen who have
preceded me in this debate have seen proper to
do, to launch out into the wide field of party and
political discussion. I design to confine myself
closely to fhe subject which is before us now for
consideration.
The bill under consideration proposes to ex-
tend the provisions of an act of the last Congress,
which establishes the Frcedmen's Bureau in the
War Oflice of this Government. According to
the provisions of that act of the last session the
jurisdiction of this bureau was confined to the
States which had been in rebellion. It was
stated to be a necessary war measure, and ac-
cording to its own limitations it was to exist and
continue so long as that war should continue,
and for twelve months after its expiration.
This hill proposes to extend the operation of
this bureau for an indefinite period of time, and
not only to extend the time of its operation, but
also to add to it s present powers the most alarm-
ing powers that have ever been suggested by
anj' man upon any subject in a free republican
Government.
According to the provisions of the bill now
under consideration, the President of the Uni-
ted States is to have the right to appoint, by
and with the advice of the Senate, twelve as-
sistant commissioners of the Freedmen's Bu-
reau. That is, he is to have the right to lay off
the whole country into districts, not to exceed
twelve in number, and to appoint an assistant
commissioner for each one of those districts.
And it is farther proposed that in each of those
twelve districts sub-commissioners may be ap-
pointed equal to the number of counties or
parishes in that district.
I do not know how many counties there are
in all the States of this Union; I have under-
stood, however, that there are one thousand
eight hundred and seventy. If there be that
number of counties in the whole Union, then,
.according to the provisions of this bill, there
may be.appointed one thousand eight hundred
and seventy sub-commissioners, in addition to
the assistant commissioners and the chief Com-
missioner. According to the provisions of the
bill, the chief Commissioner of this buieau is
to have the light to employ ten clerks. . Each
of the twelve assistant commissioners is to be
authorized to employ six clerks; and each of
the sub-commissioners, numbering ill all one
thousand eight hundred and seventy, is to be
authorized to employ two clerks. Do you not
see, sir, what a host of officers are proposed to
be created by this measure, extending all over
the United States? There are to be one thou-
sand eight hundred and seventy sub-commis-
sioners, and more than three thousand seven
hundred clerks.
This is not all. The bill provides that the
Secretary of War shall issue rations and cloth-
ing, and supply medical attendance to these
frcedmen. IIow many quartermasters, how
many commissaries, and how many clerks are
to be employed in this way, no human being
can tell. They may number thousands. Under
the provisions of this bill, officers may be cre-
ated to the number of ten thousand, or twenty
thousand, or even fifty thousand, if party ne-
cessities require it.
All these officers are to have good salaries.
The chief Com rnissioner is to receive S3.000 per
annum. The twelve assistant commissioners
are to have. I believe, about S2,-r>00 a year. The
sub-commissioners are to be paid at a rate not
exceeding SI..000 a year. These various clerks
are to receive some SI,200 a year. It is pro-
vided that the salaries shall not exceed those
sums: but whoever knew an instance in which
the largest amount of salary allowed by law was
not paid?
Then, as these freedmen are to have medical
attention, how many physicians or surgeons
will be employed to attend to the four million
freedmen and refugees ? 1 No Irtimta bfeing can
now tell. ■
Now, Mr. Speaker, what is to be the juris-
diction of the vast army of officers to be created
by this bill? In the first place, they are tohave-
jurisdiction and control over three million acres
of "good land" in the States of Florida, Ala-
bama, Mississippi, Louisiana, and Arkansas.
It must be ''good land." Poor land will not
do for these ' American citizens of African der
scent" to live upon. The poor laud of the
mountain and the hill-side must be appropriated
to the poor white laborer. This favoi'ite race,
the negroes, must have good land.
These three million acres of land are to be
divided into farms or lots not exceeding forty
acres and set apart for the use of these freed-
men. In addition to that, this bill provides
that the President, of the United States, through
the Secretary of War and the Commissioner of
the Freedmen's Bureau, may purchase any ad-
ditional amount of land wherever the operations
of this bureau may extend, for the purpose of
providing homes for the freedmen. Thus, Mr.
Speaker, there is no limit to the amount of land
that may bo controlled and managed by this
bureau.
Again, the bill authorizes the purchase of land
for the erection of school-houses and other insti-
tutions necessary for the freedmen. If school-
houses be erected, you must have preachers or
teachers; and no doubt those political preach-
ers who have covered the land during the war
will be the favored recipients of these appoint-
ments. You must provide for them, and they
will doubtless be sent to those school-houses to
teach those freedmen. What will they teach
them? I suppose that in the first place they
will teach them to spell a little and read a lit-
tle : and then I suppose they will be taught a
little of the Lord's will and a groat deal of the
wiles and wickedness of the devil.
But these four million freedmen are to be
taught their duty. And what is that great duty?
In the first place, they must be taught to hate
the people among whom they live with all the
hatred of their nature. That is an important
matter to teach them—to hato those who had
been their masters, and with whom tliey had
lived. Next in importance, they must be taught
by these political preachers to vote the whole
Abolition or Republican ticket.
Now, Mr. Speaker, these are important mat-
ters to operate for party purposes; but tliey
are expensive matters to the country, which is
already borne down with debt. What will all
this machinery cost the Government of the
United States if it be put into full and success-
ful operation with thousands of officers all with
rich salaries ? My colleague who sits on my
left, to-day estimatedtho cost of this machinery
when put into operation, at 810,000,000 per
annum. I am satisfied my friend did notcipher
this out according to the "Republican rules. If
he had he would have made it ten times ten
million dollars when this bill goes into opera-
tion. 1 saw a calculation which was made by
a distinguished Senator, and according to that
calculation it will cost the Government of the
United States to put this gigantic machinery
into operation more than ^250,000,000; and
if it is put into operation with all of its appen-
dages and paraphernalia, perhaps $250,000,000
would be inadequate for the purpose.
But we are told that three million acres of
land are to come under the operation of this
bureau ; and there is something in the bill about
the manner of ascertaining the value of the
rent for the land. Now, does any man who
knows anything about the character and habits
of the negro when loft to himself suppose one
dollar of money raised from these lands will
ever reach the Treasury of the United States?
Why, sir, it will slop between the negro who
! enjoys the land and the Treasury of tlie United
States, and find its way into the pockets of the
vampires who are sucking the life-blood of the
nation. Never a dollar of money will reach
the Treasury of the United Stales.
Mr. Speaker, what will be the cost if this bill
provides that these negroes—I beg pardon for
