1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2661
pers, magazines, Bible?, or religions tracts,-who sells
or offers to sell at retail, goods, wares, or other com-
modities, traveling from place to place, in the street,
or through different parts of the country, sliail be
regardod a peddler under this act—
a proviso in the following words :
Provided. That no manufacturer who has paid ono
or more special taxe<; shall be required to pay any
additional special tax for peddling the surplus goods
of his own manufacture.
I believe that this is a very proper amend-
ment, and I hope the committee will adopt it.
There are a great many small manufacturers
in the country who pay one or perhaps more
special taxes; and if they have a surplus of
goods of their own manufacture they ought to
be allowed to peddle it out without being re-
quired to pay any additional special tax.
Mr. MORRILL. I trust this amendment
will not be adopted. We have provided a uni-
form system for manufacturers, requiring that
they shall have fixed places, and fixed places
only, where theymay keep their goods, and an
office or place where they may sell them. If
the committee shall adopt the proposed amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Van" Horn] you will render the whole subject
indefinite. What is the surplus manufacture?
Anybody who chooses will bo able to go about
and peddle, and who can say whether what he
peddles is or is not the surplus of his manu-
facture? Then, again, the tax placed on the
peddler is for a' specific kind of business. A
man who finds it profitable to go about the
country and seek a market for his goods can
afford to pay a special tax. I hope the amend-
ment will not be adopted.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. As we
have concluded the portion of this bill relat-
ing to special taxes 1 ask leave to go back to
the paragraph in relation to manufactures,
which is as follows:
31. Manufacturers shall pay ten dollars. Any per-
son, firm, or corporation who shall manufacture by
hand or machinery any goods, wares, or merchan-
dise not otherwivso provided for, exceeding annually
the sum of $1,000, or shall be engaged in the manu-
facture or preparation for&alo of any articles or com-
pounds, or shall put up for sale in packages with bis
own name or tradomark thereon any articles or com-
pound, shall bo regarded as a manufacturer under
this act.
I desire to move, for the purpose of accom-
plishing the object I had in view in the para-
graph relating to miners, to insert after the
words, " one thousand dollars" the words " or
carry on the business of mining."
Mr. MORRILL. I must object to that.
The Clerk read as follows:
That section eighty-six bo amended by striking out
all after the onacting clause, and inserting in lieu
thereof the following: that any poson, lhin, com-
pany, or corporation manufacturing or pzoducing
goods, wares, and merchandise, sold or removed for
consumption or use, upon which duties or taxes oro
imposed by law, shall, in their return of tho value
and quantity, render an account of the full amount
of actual sales made by the manufacturer, producer,
or agent thereof, and shall state whether any part,
and if so, what part, of said goods, wares, and mer-
chandise, has been consumed or used by the owner,
owners, or agent, or used for the production of an-
other manufacture or product, together with the
rnarkot value of tho same at the tirac of such use or
consumption; whether such goods, wares, and mer-
chandise were shippedfor a foreign port or consigned
to auction or commission merchants, other than
agents, for sale; and shall make a return according
to the value at the place of shipment, when shipped
for a foreign port, or according to the value at tho
place of manufacture or production, when removed
for uso or consumption, or consigned to others than
agents of the manufacturer or producer. The value
and quantity of the goods, wares, and merchandise
required to be stated as aforesaid shall bo estimated
by the actual sales made by the manufacturer, or by
his, her, or their agent, or person or persons acting
in his, her, or their behalf. And where such goods,
wares, and merchandise have been removed for con-
sumption or for delivery to others, or placed on ship-
board, or are 110 longer within the custody or control
of tho manufacturer or his agent, not being in his
factory, store, or warehouse, the value shall be esti-
mated at the average oi the market value of the like
goods, wares, and merchandise at the time when tho
same became liable to tax.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by strik-
ing out in line fourteen hundred and seventy-five
the words " her or their," and also by striking
out after the word " agent" in the same line
the words u or person or persons acting in his.
her, or their behalf;" so that the clause will
read thus:
Tho value and quantity of the goods, wares, and
merchandise required to be stated as aforesaid shall
bo estimated by the actual sales made by the manu-
facturer, or by his agent.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
That section eighty-seven bo amended by striking
out all after the enacting clauso, and inserting in
lieu thereof tho following: that any person, firm,
company, or corporation who shall now be engaged
in the manufacture of tobacco, snuff, or cigars, or who
shall hereafter commence or engage in such manu-
facture, before commencing, or, if already com-
menced, before continuing, such manufacture for
which they may bo liable to be asso.Nsed under tho
provisions of law, shall, in addition to a compliance
with all other provisions of law, furnish to tho assess-
or or assistant assessor a statement, subscribed under
oath or afiiimntion, accuratelysettingl'orth theplaco,
and, if in a city, tho street and number of the street
where the manufacturing is, or is to be, carried on,
the name and de^ciiptiou of tho manufactured arti-
cle, and, it' the same shall bo manufactured for or to
be sold and delivered to any other person or party,
the name and residence and business or occupation
of tho person or party for whom the said article is to
bo manufactured or delivered, and generally the kind
and quality manufactured or proposed to bo manu-
factured; and shall,within tho time above-mentioned,
give a bond to tho United Btates, with ono or more
sureties to bo approved by tho collector of the dis-
trict, m the sum of $3,000 for each cutting machine
kept in use, in the sum of £1,000 for each screw-
press used for making plug or preyed tobacco, in
the sum of $5,000 for each hydraulic press used,
in tho sum of $1,000 for each snuff mull used, and in
the sum of £100 for each person employed by said
person, firm, company, or corporation m making
cigars, conditioned that he will comply with all tho
requirements of law in regard to any persons, firms,
companies, or corporation;3, engaged in the manufac-
ture of tobacco, snuff, or cigars; that he will not em-
ploy others to manufacture cigars who have not ob-
tained the requisite permit for making cigars; that
he will not engage in any attempt, by himself or by
collusion with others, to delraud the Government of
any duty ortax on any manulactureof tobac co, snuff,
or cigars; that ho will render truly and correctly all
tho returns, statements, and inventories prescribed
for manufacturers of tobacco, snuff, and cigars; that
whenever ho shall add to tho number of cutting ma-
chines, presses, snuff mulls, or cigar-makers used or
employed by him, lie will immediately give notice
thereof to the eollcctor who holds the bond, and will
pay to the collector of the district all tho duty or
taxes which may or should bo assessed and due on
any tobacco, snuff, or cigars so manufactured, and
that he will not knowingly sell, purchase, or receive
for sale any such tobacco, snuff, or cigars, which has
not been inspected, branded,or stamped as required by
law, or upon which tho tax has not been paid if it has
accrued or become payable. Andthc said bondmay
bo rcnowod or changed from time to time, in regard
to tho amount and sureties thereof, according to the
discretion of tho collector, under the instruct ions of
tho Commissioner of Internal Revenue. And evorv
person, lirm, company,or corporation aforesaid shall
obtain andcxhibit, whenever demanded by any olii-
ccr of internal revenue, a certificate from tho col-
lector, setting forth the kind and number of machines,
presses, snuff mulls, and number of cigar-makcis foi
which the bond has been given. And if any person
or agent of any lirm, company, or corporation shall
manufacture for sale tobacco, snuff, or cigars of any
description without first obtaining the certificate
aforesaid, and furnishing the bond herein required,
such person or agent shall bcsubjcct, upon conviction
thereof, to a penalty of &500, and in addition thereto
shall be liable to imprisonment for a term not ex-
ceeding one year, Rtfbo discretion of the court.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by in-
serting after the word "or" in line fifteen hun-
dred and two the words " to whom it is,"
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move further to amend
by striking out, tho words " within the time
above mentioned," in line fifteen hundred and
four.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move also to amend by
striking out in line fifteen hundred and seven
the word "in," between the words "kept" and
"use," and inserting in lieu thereof the word
"for."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move further to amend
by striking out the words "used for," in line
fifteen hundred an^ eight, and inserting in
lieu thereof the words " kept for use in.??
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by strik-
ing out in line fifteen hundred and ten the word
" used," and inserting in lieu thereof the words
"kept for use."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL." 1 move to amend by strik-
ing out *in line fifteen hundred and eleven the
word '"used," and inserting in lieu thereof
the words "keptfor use."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by strik-
ing out in lines fifteen hundred and fifteen and
fifteen hundred and sixteen the words "any
persons, firms, companies, or corporations
engaged in."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by strik-
ing out "and," in line fifteen hundred and
twenty-seven, and inserting in lieu thereof the
words "that he."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by
striking out "has," in lino fifteen hundred
and thirty-two, and inserting "have" in lieu
thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by strik-
ing out tho words "amount and," iu line fif-
teen hundred and thirty-six.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move further to amend
by striking out "obtain and," in line fifteen
hundred and forty.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by in-
serting after "collector," in lino fifteen hun-
dred and forty-one, the words "who is hereby
authorized and directed to issue the same."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move further to amend
by striking out the following:
And if any person or agent of any firm, company,
or corporation shall manufacture for sale tobacco,
snuff, or cigars of any description without first ob-
taining tho certificate aforesaid, and furnishing tho
bond herein required, such person or agent shall be
subject, upon conviction thereof, to a penalty of $300,
and, in addition thereto, shall be liable to imprison-
ment for a term not exceeding one year, at tho dis-
cretion of tho court.
And inserting in lieu thereof the following:
And any person, firm, or corporation manufac-
turing tobacco, snuff, or cigars of any description,
without first furnishing the bond in the cases herein
required, shall be subject to a fine of $300, and in
addition thereto, upon conviction thereof, shall be
liabloto imprisonment for a term not exceeding one
year, at tho discrction^f tho court.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
That section eighty-eight bo amended by striking
ouf all alter tho, cnaoling clausc, and inserting in lieu
thereof the following: that it shall bo the duty of tho
assistant assessor ol each district to keep a record, ia
a book or books to bo provided foi the purposo, to ho
open to the inspection of any person upon reasonable
request, of tho namo of any and every person, firm,
company, or corporation who may bo engaged in the
manufacture of tobacco, snuff', or cigars in his dis-
trict. together with tho placc where such manufac-
ture is carried on and place of residence of the per-
son or persons engaged therein; and the assistant
assessor shall enter in said record, under the name
of each manufacturer, an abstract of his monthly
returns; and each assessor shall keep a similar rec-
ord for the entire district.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
That section eighty-nine be amended by striking
out all after the enacting clause, and inserting in lieu
thereof the following: that in all cases where to-
bacco, snuff, or cigars of any description are manu-
factured, in whole or in part, upon commission or
shares, or where tho material from which any such
articles arc made, or are to be made, is furnished by
one party and manufactured by another, or whore the
mat (trial is furnished or sold by one party with an
understanding or contract with another that tho
manufactured article is to be received in payment
therefor or any part thereof, the duty or tax imposed
bylaw thereon,when paid by tho manufacturer,may
be collectcd at the time, or at any time subsequently,
of the party for whom the same was made or to whom
the same was delivered, as aforesaid, or of tho person
or party who made thesame, as the assessor shall deem
best for the collection of the revenue. And in case of
any fraud or collusion by which the Government shall
be defrauded, or attempted to be defrauded, by a party
who furnishes the material and by the maker of any
of the articles aforesaid, such material and manufac-
tured articles shall be liable to forfeiture; and such
articles shall bo liable to be assessed the highest rates
of tax or duty imposed by law upon any article belong-
ing to its grade or class.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to strike out all
after the word "revenue" ia line fifteen hun-
dred and eighty-three down to and including
the word'' forfeiture'' at the end of lino fifteen
