1702
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
special allusions to the Minnesota outrages of
the Indians upon the whites, and the defense
of the white people by General Pope. He in-
timates that I said General Pope was sent to
murder those Indians. I meant nothing of the
kind in what I said. I meant simply this: that
take the last twenty-five years, yes, the last
hundred years, more Indians have been killed,
murdered, butchered, call it what you please,
in consequence of the aggressions of the whites
upon the Indians, than there have been Indians
killed in any justifiable defense of the rights of
the whites. In the case of the Minnesota
troubles, I admit that the Indians deserved
chastisement, and a great many of them re-
ceived it.
Mr. WINDOM. I do not care to continue
the discussion upon this point any further, ex-
cept to say that so far as the Indians in Min-
nesota being punished was concerned, some
eight hundred to nine hundred of our people
were murdered by them, and only thirty-nine
of the murderers were hung.
In regard to the bill now under consideration,
I think it was misunderstood on yesterday. 1
know that some gentlemen who opposed it ar-
gued that it was intended to extend the laws of
Kansas over lands which the Indian tribes yet
held. There is nothing of the kind in the bill.
The whole object of the bill is to extend the
laws of Kansas over lands which the Indians
hold in severalty.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Ixgersoi/iJ
tells us that the design of (his bill is to enable
speculators in Kansas to swindle the Indians
out of their land. 1 know he exonerates the
Committee on Indian Affairs from any such
design ; but lie pays but a poor compliment to
the committee when ho says they arc used by
these speculators for this purpose. If there be
any such object, I am not aware of it; and I
apprehend, from the facts obtained concerning
the most of lliese Indians who live upon these
lands allotted to theni in severalty, gentlemen
will find that ihey are a very different class of
people to swindlers. I am informed, and I be-
lieve it to be a fact, that a portion of the In-
dians located upon these lands are among the
wealthiest people in Kansas. One of them, as
was stated yeslurday, is now a member of the
Kansas Legislature, and 1 presume lie pays
taxes.
The difficulties which this bill is intended to
obviate were clearly stated yesterday by my
colleague on the committee, the gentleman
from Jowa, [Mr. IIuBB.vun.J The object, is
simply to enable the officers of .justice in Kan-
sas to execulo the laws. I think that the
amendment offered by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Air. Stevk.vs] will not meet the
difficulty which, as I understand, does notarise
wholly irom Indians going oil their reservation
and committing depredations. White men
residing near these allotted lands may commit
crimes, and flee to those lands for refuge, and
as I understand it, there is no power to exe-
cute the laws upon those lands. By the law
admitting the Stale of Kansas, it is expressly
provided that these lands held by (he Indians
shall not be included within the State of Kan-
sas at all. Hence, there may be, for instance,
an eighty-acre ti-aet, owned by an Indian or
a half-breed, and surrounded on all sides by
whit6 settlements; yet that tract, under the
present law, is not within the State of Kansas.
If an Indian or a white man commits a crime
and takes refuge on that tract, how can the
authorities of the .State of Kansas arrest and
punish him? The gentleman's amendment
would perhaps obviate the difficulty as to In-
dians; but I do not think it would do so as to
white men. I believe that there is nothing in
this bill which would operate to the injury of
those Indians. I believe, on the contrary, that
it would be a vast benefit to the people of Kan-
sas, both Indians and whites.
I propose, at a suitable time, to move an
amendment, to strike out in the eighth, ninth,
and tenth lines the following words:
Also over all lauds sold in trust by the United States
for any tribe of Indians in said Slate.
The word "sold" is evidently a misprint for
the word "held." I stated yesterday that the
bill extended only_ to lands held in severalty.
Until I saw the bill in print this morning, I
thought that that provision had been stricken
out.
Mr. HENDERSON. Mr. Speaker, I should
not attempt to say anything on this bill but for
the fact that lama member of the Committee
on Indian Affairs, and concurred with other
members of that committee in reporting the
bill.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Inger-
soi.l] appears to imagine that this bill is cal-
culated to defraud the Indians, because they
do not understand the tax laws.
Mr. INGERSOLL. The gentleman from
Oregon [Mr. Henderson] will allow me to
correct him. He is advancing the same idea
which has been put forward by the gentleman
from Minnesota, [Mr. Wistdom,] that I insist
that this bill was framed for the especial pur-
pose oftlcfraudingthe Indians. I disclaim any
such idea. I simply insist that, under this bill,
crafty, designing men can take advantage of
the Indians, and in all probability will do so.
I did not mean to intimate that the committee
had any such design in framing the bill.
Mr. HENDERSON. I did not desire to rep-
resent the gentlemen from Illinois as having
said that the bill was intended for that purpose ;
but the gentleman has said that the Indians will
not understand the tax laws sufficiently to pro-
tect their own lands. According to my in-
formation concerning the character of those
Indians, the gentleman is very much mistaken.
They are generally shrewd, intelligent men ;
many of them have become wealthy; they un-
derstand how to take'care of their interests ;
and there need bo no apprehension that they
will bo defrauded in consequence of ignorance
of the tax laws.
The insinuation was thrown out by some of
the gentlemen who spoke yesterday that this
bill has been gotten up by a set of swindlers
who intend to defraud the Indians. In reply to
this, I can say that the bill in its present form
was asked for by the Representative from Kan-
sas, [Mr. Clarke.]
I will say, in reference to the provisions of
this bill as they affect these Indians, that I be-
lieve them to be just and right, and that they
ought to be adopted by this House. These
lands are held in severalty, and a great many
of the settlements of these Indians are sur-
rounded at least on three sides by those of
white men, and the settlements of some white
men arc surrounded on three sides bythosc of
Indians. Gentlemen say that some settlements
are surrounded on all four sides. Now, a coun-
try thus situated can never prosper. Neither
the whites nor the Indians can prosper where
there is such a mixed and divided jurisdiction.
There must be some uniformity, and that is
what this bill proposes to supply.
If these Indians do not want the rights of
citizens, then I have been misinformed. 1 un-
derstand that the object is to have these In-
dians Christianized ; to have them become citi-
zens of the United States; to have them become
in all respects civilized like white men. I think
the sooner the Indians can become citizens, and
enjoy all the rights and privileges of citizens,
the better it will bo for them. If they cannot
be brought to enjoy the privileges of citizenship,
then I despair of any successful effort being
made in their behalf. I feel, as fast as they
arrive at the proper stage, they should have
the protection of citizens under the laws and
bo compelled to submit to the duties enforced
by the Government.
I regretted to hear the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Ixgersoll] declare that the troubles
between the whites and the Indians are almost
universally chargeable upon the whites. I have
lived a long time in sight of Indians, and I
think I have a pretty correct knowledge of their
habits; and, sir, I now take it upon myself to
say that Indians who are not civilized and en-
lightened, who have not been brought under
the influences of Christianity, have no moral
principle, and are not to be depended upon. I
deny that the barbarities perpetrated by the
Indians have universally been occasioned by
the whites. I could recite barbarities perpe-
trated by Indians upon the whites within my
own knowledge, but I will not take up the time
to do so. I repel, however, any idea that the
barbarities committed by the Indians have
grown out of any acts of the whites. They grow
out of the depraved nature of the Indians un-
enlightened by Christianity. That is the cause
of the barbarous conduct of which so many of
these Indians have been guilty.
Mr. STEVENS. I modify my substitute so
as to make it read, "wherever found within
the State," &c.
Mr. IIUBBARD, of Iowa. I am very happy
to find, Mr. Speaker, that the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Ingersoll] has such a strong feel-
ing of sympathy for the Indians; and I hopa
when measures are presented for the relief of
Indians, and for their benefit and protection,
especially for the protection of their interests,
he will be found acting with us.
He says this bill is based upon a scheme of
swindling ; that it is proposed here with that
view by the men who have presented it and
brought it before the committee for considera-
tion ; that it has been presented for the pur-
pose of swindling, and for no other purpose
than to cheat these Indians out of their lands.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Allow me to correct tho
gentleman. I do not believe that the gentleman
from Iowa wishes to do me injustice.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I yield only for
a moment. I have no time to spare as most
of my time has been already taken up by the
speeches of other gentlemen.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I disclaim any intention
of imputing dishonest motives to the gentle-
man who presented this bill. If my language
will bear any such construction I certainly with-
draw it.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. Then withdraw
your whole speech.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Withdraw the bill and
I will do it.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I will say to the
gentleman from Illinois that I stand here foi
the purpose of defending the provisions of this
bill against the unjustifiable assaults which he
has seen proper to make upon them. I under-
take to say, and I do it without fear of success-
ful contradiction, that there is no swindling
lying at the base and foundation of this bill.
Not only has it for its object the protection of
the rights and interests of the citizens of Kan-
sas, but also the protection of the rights of
properly and the interests of the Indians them-
selves. Some of the men whom the gentleman
has so large a sympathy for are as intelligent
as I am or the gentleman himself. White mea
have been adopted as members of this tribe
who are living there with Indian women, with
families, upon farms which they are cultivating.
These are the men in reference to whom the
gentleman has been speaking.
He says if you pass this law you will confer
upon the citizens of Kansas the power to take
from these Indians their land. I repudiate any
such idea. Such a thing is not in contempla-
tion. These lands, sir, if they are taxed at all,
must be taxed under the laws of Kansas, laws
which bear upon white men as well as upon
Indians.
Mr. INGERSOLL rose.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I cannot yield.
I have not time to do.it. I would gladly yield
if I could do so.
If these lands are taxed they must be taxed
under the laws of Kansas, under the same laws
that impose burdens upon white men. And I
appeal to the gentleman from Illinois and to
every other gentleman on this floor, and ask
them if it is not right. These lands are set apart
in severalty to these Indians who are living on
them and enjoying the benefits of civilization.
They have the benefit of the construction of
roads and bridges, schools and school-houses,
and why, therefore, should they be exempt from
taxation ?
