222
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 6 j
Senate.
Reconstruction—Mr. Hoioe.
39tii Cong. ... 1st Sess.
installed, qualified, and taken possession of
their offices. In reply to that the Secretary
says:
"Your letter of the 19th ultimo has been received.
It is the expectation of the President that you will
eontinuoyour functions as provisional governoruntil
further notice from this Department."
There was his new machine actually set run-
ning by a blunder of this provisional governor.
He did not know but that when set up it was
well enough to let it run. He informs the Sec-
retary of State so. A few weeks after that, the
Secretary tells him that he must continue to
play provisional governor of Mississippi until
he is otherwise ordered by the Department.
I am not objecting to these things; they
are all right enough; but, Mr. President, [Mr.
Hendbicks in the chair,] when such antics
are attempted to be played in the State of
Wisconsin and the State of Indiana, you and I
will have something to say about it, I take it.
When such antics as these are attempted to be
played in States which are States, States which
are sanctioned by the Constitution, I take it
that we shall have something to say about it.
I comment upon these things because I find
them in that policy and in that plan which is
said to-be so peculiarly respectful, so tenderly
regardful of the rights of States, and because
this policy is championed by those who assert
that when you have once committed these pre-
rogatives to a community they remain there
forever; you cannot interfere with them under
any circumstances whatever.
But, sir, the time did come, in the progress
of events, when the notice went forth from the
State Department to these provisional govern-
ors, saying to them, "Retire; let the new gov-
ernments take possession.'' Were they made
States thereby, clothed with the full powers of
States, permitted to exercise the powers be-
longing to States under the Constitution? Let
us see. The people of one of the counties of
the State of Alabama, claiming the right to
choose a judge of probate, a right secured to
them by the constitution and laws of the sov-
ereign State of Alabama, seem to have elccted
one Raphael W. Serames to be judge of pro-
bate. Raphael W. Semmes is a historical char-
acter. I understand he is a very able man, and
I dare say would make a very good judge of
probate. As suggested by my friend from Ohio,
[Mr. Wade,] if he has never had any actual
practice in administering estates he has un-
doubtedly been the occasion of making a great
many estates to be administered upon. The
people there thought, it seems, that he was the
best man they had for judge of probate, and
they elccted him. The news came up here to
Washington that he had been elected. An
order was issued. From whom? Not from
any of the tribunals of the State of Alabama,
but from Brevet Major General Charles Ii.
Woods, who seems to have been in command
of the department of Alabama:
Headquarters Department Alabama,
May 17.18G6.
In compliancewith instructions from the President
of the united States, itis hereby directed that Raphael
Semm es be not permitted to hold or exorcise the func-
tions of judge of the probate court of Mobile county
or any other civil or political office of trust while ho
remains unpardoned by tho President.
By order of Brevet Major General Charles R.
Woods: A. RAMSEY MINNINGER,
Assistant Adjutant Uencral.
Judge Bond will perform tho duties of the office in
the mean time.
That is a pretty good note for a major gen-
eral. Recollect it is by command of the Presi-
dent of the United States, who is taking such
excellent care of the sovereign rights of States.
He tells the people of this county in Alabama,
"You cannot elect Mr. Semmes for your judge
of probate," and having done so, he says fur-
ther, "Mr. Semmes, you stand to one side;
Mr. Bond, you be judge of probate." Who is
going to administer upon estates in that county
hereafter, I should like to know ? If the right
of Judge Bond to administer is called in ques-
tion, what is the evidence of his right? The
constitution and the laws of the State of Ala-
bama require that the judge of probate shall
be elected by the people. They elected Mr.
Semmes. General Woods says to him, "You
must not play judge of probate; let Judge
Bond do this." Judge Bond has got the com-
mission of General Woods as his authority for
administering upon the estates of those who
may happen to die in that particular county.
Mr. HOWARD. By whose authority was
that done ?
Mr. HOWE. By the authority of the Presi-
dent of the United States. Sir, the best advice
I can give to the people of that county is, not
to die until a new judge of probate is elected.
I am afraid there will be trouble in the settle-
ment of their estates.
[Atthis point, the honorable Senator yielded
to a motion that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of executive business.]
Wednesday, June 6, 1886.
The same subject being again under consideration—
Mr. HOWE said: Mr. President, when the
Senate adjourned last evening I was endeav-
oring to show that not only_ did the President
of the United States recognize and exercise the
jjower of the General Government to estab-
lish provisional governments for the seceded
States, but that he recognized so absolute a
control over them on the part of the Govern-
ment of the United States that he did not rec-
ognize even the new governments organized
through the intervention of his own governors
as clothed with the attributes and prerogatives
of States. I referred to the fact that a judge
of probate in a county of Alabama had been
dismissed by tho order of tho President from
his office, and that another man, not elected
by the people, had been selected to discharge
the duties of that office. There is another in-
stance. In New Orleans, in March last, the
people elected a man by the name of Monroe
to be ma^or of that city. General Canby, it
seems, being in command there, thought he
was not a fit man to discharge the duties of
mayor of that city, and we learn by a dispatch
dated New Orleans, March 19, this fact:
" All tho newly elected city official? were duly in-
stalled to-day with the exception of Mayor Monroe
and Mr. Ivixon, an alderman, whose functions have
been temporarily suspended as coming within the
exceptions to pardon made by President Johnson's
proclamation. M. G. Rosseau has been installed
mayor pro tempore by order of General Canby."
Thus, in Alabama, judges elected by the
people are set aside; in New Orleans, mayors
and aldermen of cities electcd by the people
are set aside; and these men were elected
under the authority of these new constitutions
and the laws enacted in accordance with these
new constitutions!
Sir, let me be distinctly understood. I am
not complaining of the President of the United
States or of General Canby for setting aside
Judge Semmes, or Mayor Monroe, or Alderman
Nixon. These are not isolated cases, but a
great many others like unto them have hap-
pened in other States of that portion of the
union. I am not complaining of these acts.
I agree entirely with the President, that Judge
Semmes is not fit to discharge the duties of
judge of probate. I have no doubt that Mr.
Monroe is entirely unfit to act as mayor of the
city of New prieans. What I wish to call atten-
tion to is this: that Judge Semmes is no more
unfit for judge of probate than the people of
that county are to elect a judge of probate.
When the President of the United States finds
that Judge Semmes is not lit for judge of pro-
bate, he gives the most conclusive testimony
in tho world that the people who elected J udge
Semmes were not fit to make an election. There
was no misunderstanding about who Judge
Semmes was. They know all about him. They
elected him because ho suited them. So of
the election of Mr. Monroe. Mr. Monroe was
satisfactory to the people of the city of New
Orlams, and therefore they chose him. In the
judgment of the President, he was unlit for
mayor: he had not been pardoned. The peo-
ple of New Orleans cared nothing for that fact.
They would just as lief have a man to serve
them who had not been pardoned as one
who had; and, as far as that goes, I suspect I
should agree very much with the people ot' New
Orleans. I dp not think there is any great dis-
tinction to bfrmade between those who are not
pardoned and those who have been.
I mention these facts for the other purpose
of showing that the President does not regard
these communities as States like the State of
New York or like the State of Ohio. He
would not attempt to do any of these things
in either of those States or in any State which
had held fast to the Union and never had
dissolved its relations with the Union. And
■I cite them for the purpose of asking the ques-
tion, how it happens that what the President
could do without an act of Congress, Con-
gress could not do by an act of its own? It
was argued, I recollect, by the Senator from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Cowan] some time since
that the President had a peculiar gift, or a
peculiar right, for doing these things because
he was an executive officer. I understood
the Senator to say that the President of the
United States went into South Carolina and
Georgia and deposed Governors and Legisla-
tures, and had the same right to do it that a
sheriff would have had, or a marshal. Per-
haps he had as much right as a sheriff or a
marshal. The Senator's aigumentpul it upon
the ground that these men were criminals dis-
charging the functions of these offices down
there, and that the President instead of arrest-
ing them as criminals just deposed them.
I think the Senator from Pennsylvania or
any other lawyer can understand the vast dif-
ference between the two acts. But I think
the Senator from Pennsylvania will agree that
neither of these two acts could be done by the
President, or be done by a sheriff, or a mar-
shal, simply because he chose to do it. The
mere fact that a man is a criminal, or is deemed
to be a criminal, gives no authority to a sheriff
or a marshal to interfere with him. Before
the sheriff or the marshal is allowed to put his
hand upon him and restrain him of his liberty,
he must have the authority of the-State or of
the United States for doing it; he must have
a writ, a precept, a written command in his
possession issued by the supreme authority,
directing him to do that very thing. It must
be addressed to him, and must command him
to do that very act, otherwise he cannot make
the arrest. No marshal of the United States
had any right to interfere with the Governor
of South Carolina or with any member of her
Legislature, simply because they had been
traitors; but when a court of the United States,
having jurisdiction of that offense, saw fit to
issue a warrant, addressed to the marshal,
directing him to make that arrest, then he
could do it; not until then. The President
could not doit at all. The President could
not do it if he had a trunk full of warrants.
He cannot serve a writ. In order to serve
writs he must be authorized bylaw to serve
them. His duties are very different from those
of a marshal. And when the writ is issued it
must be served by the officer to whom it is
issued and by nobody else.
But there is this great difference between what
the President did and what the Senator fiom
Pennsylvania supposes he did. What the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania supposes he did was
simply to restrain the Governors of these States
and the other officers of their liberty. That
was not all. That was hut a small part, lie
restrained the wholepeople of the "State,'-' as
they call it, of their liberty. They had under
their laws, and it is contended here t.liey had
under the Constitution of the United States,
the right to elect those men and to have their
services. It was interfering less with the
liljuii.) of the individuals who were jemoved
