1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
223
39th Cong.... 1st
Meconslruction—Mr. Howe.
Senate.
from office than the liberty of the people them-
selves. They chose to have those officers to
serve them. The President said they should
not have them.
Thus it was that, without writ, without war-
rant, as I think, without authority of law, cer-
tainly without process in his hands, by a single
clause of a proclamation, he not only arrested,
that is to say took possession of, took into cus-
tody, according to the theory of the Senator
from Pennsylvania, every officer in each one
of eleven States, but he actually took into cus-
tody the whole people of the State. That was
a pretty sweeping arrest, not often equaled!
No, Mr. President, the only authority in the
world for doing these things is the fact that the
people of those States had themselves destroyed
the only kind of government which the Con-
stitution of the United States will tolerate.
What was in the place of those governments
was an illegal, unconstitutional, criminal exist-
ence, and the President treated that criminal
organization just as a sheriff or anyBody else
would treat any other person or any other party
engaged upon a criminal enterprise. The law
commands you not to interfere with the liberty
of a citizen except you have due process of
law for doing it.® Still, if you are going along
Pennsylvania avenue and, see a store about to
be entered by a burglar, in spite of the Con-
stitution, in spite of the laws, you would not
hesitate to take him by the collar, if you felt
strong enough, and stop the commission of
that crime. And so the President found a
band of criminals before him. He brushed
them out of the way. But if they were lawful
tribunals of legal States, then instead of doing
a good deed, as I insist he did, he committed
a great wrong.
But it has sometimes been said that he could
be justified in doing these things because he
was Commander in-Chief of the Army and the
Navy, and that he did them, in the exercise of
what are called the war powers of the Govern-
ment. Without stopping to consider whether
more of the war powers of the Government is
vested in the President than in the Congress of
the United States, I want to say that the proof
seems conclusive that he did not assume to
act in virtue of any such power whatever.
War had ended when ho deposed these Gov-
ernors and Legislatures. War had ended when
the new Governors and new Legislatures were
elected. War had ended when Judge Semmes
was deposed ; when Mayor Monroe was de-
posed. But if I am mistaken on that point, if
war had not ended then, it did end subse-
quently. I can prove that. I can bring proof
that the President and his friends will not con-
tradict, thatit ended in all the States butTexas.
I find it certified in a proclamation, " Done at
the city of Washington the 2d day of April,
in the year of our Lord, 1800, and of the
independence of the United States of America
the ninetieth"—signed Andrew Johnson, and
attested by William IT. Seward, Secretary of
State. That proclamation is introduced to
the world by a series of whereases, occupy-
ing a whole column and more of this daily
paper—the twelve tribes of whereases, start-
ing, I believe, away back in 1861, five years
of whei eases. One would think a pretty impor-
tant proclamation ought to succeed such a for-
midable preamble as that. Let us read the
proclamation :
"3Tow, therefore"—
Because of all these things which have occu-
pied a column and a half, or less—
" Now, therefore, I, Andrew Johnson, Pre-ident of
tho United States, do hereby proclaim and declare
that the insurrection which heretofore existed in the
States of Georgia, South Carolina, Virginia, North
Carolina, Tennessee, Alabama, Louisiana, Arkansas,
Mississippi, and Floiida is at an end, and is hence-
forth to be so regarded."
The insurrection is at an end, says the Pres-
ident ; let the world henceforth so regard it.
Well, what does that do? The insurrection
being at an end, how is the face of tilings
changed by that? Now will these States have
the services of their officers ? Now will they be
remitted to the rights and prerogatives of
States ? Now will their elections be respected,
their laws have full force, run, and be glori-
fied? Something important everybody thought
was going to happen after sueh a proclama-
tion as that was issued. It seems that an agent
of the Freedmen's Bureau down in Georgia
thought some great change must have been
wrought by this proclamation in the face of
political affairs, and he inquired what it meant.
His inquiry was referred to the Department of
War. He received this answer to it on the
9th of April:
"War Department,
■Washington, April 9,18G6.
Sib: The assistant commissioner of the Bureau of
Refugees, Freedmen, &e„ for the State of Georgia
having inquired whether the President's proclama-
tion removes martial law, and stated that the de-
partment commander does not feel authorized to
arrest parties who have committed outrages on freed
people or Union refugees, the Secretary of War,
with the approval of the President, directs me to in-
form you that the President's proclamation does not
remove martial law, or operate in any way upon tho
Freedmen's Bureau in the exercise of its legitimate
jurisdiction. It is not expedient, however, to resort
to military tribunals in any case where justice can
be attained through the medium of civil authority.
. E. D. TOWNSEND,
Assistant Adjutant General.
Brevet Major General J. M. Bkanxan,
Augusta, Georgia.
The insurrection is suppressed; peace has
come; martial law, however, does not end in
those communities ; nothing is changed by it;
their rights are just what they were before, and
the authority of the Government is just as
absolute, as it had been before; nay, this Judge
Semmes was deposed after this proclamation
issued, after the insurrection was suppressed,
and was so declared by the President.
Would the President of the United States
undertake to say that' martial law existed or
could exist in any State of the United States
now, subsequent to his proclamation? The
Constitution declares that "the privilege of
the writof habeas corpus shall not be suspended
unless when in cases of rebellion or invasion
the public safety may require it." Would the
President venture to say he had suspended the
writ of habeas corpus when he had declared
there was no longer any rebellion? I think
not. He continues martial law there, because
it is the only law that is reliable. He has
nothing else, he has no act of Congress, and
he cannot trust to tho laws of those commu-
nities. He is perfectly right, in my judgment,
in not trusting to those laws. But I think it
would be a great deal better for him, a great
deal better for those communities, a great deal
better for the country if he would recommend
to Congress here the passage of such laws as
are suited to their condition.
Sir, let me call your attention to one little
fact (I will not read the papers) illustrative of
the great embarrassment attending this mode
of governing great communities. The Legis-
lature of the new State of Florida, I learn,
enacted a law establishing a county criminal
court, the principal business of which I judge
to be to discipline the colored population of
that State—the freed people. That statute
declares a great many different offenses, pre-
scribes penalties for them; whipping is one
of tho penalties; tho pillory is another of the
penalties. The commissioner of freedmen's
affairs thought that whippings and pillories
were not suitable penalties to be imposed on
human beings. Accordingly he declared that
such punishments should not be imposed on
the freedmen who were subject to his jurisdic-
tion. He appealed to the officer in command
of the department of Florida, General Foster,
I think. General Foster issued an order from
his headquarters directing that whenever a
county court sentenced a negro to lie whipped
or to stand in the pillory he should be turned
over to his headquarters, not be whipped, not
to stand in the pillory, but when turned over
to his headquarters he should be set to work at
the ball and chain so long a time for each blow
to be inflicted, so long a time for each hour he
was to stand in the pillory. That order was
received by the Governor, and he issued, I be-
lieve, an order in conformity to that requiring
all persons sentenced to stand in the pillory or
to be whipped to be turned over to his head-
quarters. '
Now, Mr. President, just look for a moment
at the condition of a man sentenced to be
whipped or to stand in the pillory in Florida.
The judgment is not executed; but neither is
it reversed. The defendant is sent to the head-
quarters of General Foster. Another punish-
ment which is provided for in no judgment in
the world is inflicted upon him. The judgment
in the county court stands unreversed. After
he has got through with his service at the ball
and chain, and has left General Foster's head-
quarters, there is the judgment of the county
criminal court to be executed. The only aid, as
I see, that the negro is likely to get from this
intervention of the officer in command is that
the punishment of whipping or standing in the
pillory is simply postponed, and in the end he
receives a double punishment instead of a
single punishment.
If a provisional government was established
for Florida by act of Congress, none of these
things could happen. When Florida enacted
a law which outraged the sense of public jus-
tice, Congress would do whatit does with every
other Territory enacting such a law; the law
would be sot aside, and then there would be no
judgments under it. But here, under this mode
of administeringgovernment, the law is allowed
to stand; the tribunals of justice act upon it,
try cases, pronounce judgment, and the judg-
ment is not allowed to be enforced, at least
until another penalty deemed satisfactory to
the officer in command is inflicted. Sir, I do
sincerely think I am abundantly justified in
making the proposition with which I set out,
that if the power which I claimed in January
last for Congress to provide provisional gov-
ernments for those communities is not fur-
nished by the Constitution, the President is
more defenseless than any man who has ever
undertaken to administer government for the
United States. If that authority does not exist,
how these acts are to be defended it is impos-
sible for me to conceive.
But, Mr. President, it is urged that however
the plan or the policy of the Piesideut may
accord with the Constitution, it does accord
exactly with the policy of his predecessor in
office. That is a point which my colleague
has urged repeatedly with great force and with
great earnestness. I desire to say now that
there is no more similitude between the policy
of President Johnson and the policy of Presi-
dent Lincoln than there is between a blister of
Spanish flies and a poultice of cabbage leaves.
[Laughter.] What was the policy of Presi-
dent Lincoln, which this plan is said to resem-
ble? Recollect, sir, when Mr. Lincoln issued
his proclamation of the 8th of December, 1SG3,
we were at war, and this proclamation of his
was issued, not in the interest of our enemies
in that war, but to injure our enemies and in
the interest of our friends. Therefore it was
that he proclaimed this :
"And I do further proclaim, declare, and make
known, that whenever, in any of the States of Arkan-
sas, Texas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Tennessee. Ala-
bama, Georgia, Florida, South Carolina, and JNorth
Carolina, a number of persons, not less than ot.e tenth
in number of the votes east in such State at the pres-
idential election of the year of oar Lord I860, each
having taken the oath aforesaid, and not having
since violated it, and being a. qualified voter uy the
election law of the State existing immediate y before
the so-called act of secession, and excluding an others,
shall reestablish a State government which shall be
republican, and in nowise contravening said oath,
such shall be recognized as the true * '.vti i.inent oi
the State, and the State shall reeeive ! heieunder the
benefits of the constitutional provision which declares
that' the United State3 shall guaranty to every Stato
in tilis Union a republican form of government, and
shall protect each of thorn against invasion ; and on
