1866V
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2663
which "iq may be assigned, and to return or account
for all stamps which may be placed in his hands.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend that;
paragraph by inserting in line sixteen hundred
and ninety-two after the word "boxes" the
words 4 4 or paper packages j" so that it will
read:
And all cigars manufactured after the passage of
this act shall be packed in boxes or paper packages.
Mr. MORRILL. That is right.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. In line sixteen hundred
and ninety-eight I move to strike out "one
half of" and to insert in lieu thereof "and j"
and in lines sixteen hundred and ninety-nine
and seventeen huudred to strike out the words
"to be paid to the informer, and the other
moiety to the United States;" and to insert in
lieu thereof the following: "shall be distrib-
uted between the United States and the in-
former, if there be any, as provided by law
so that the same will read:
Any nianufacturcd tobacco, snuff, and cigars,
whetherof domestic manufacture or imported, which
shall be sold, or pass out of the hands of the manu-
facturer or importer, except into a bonded ware-
house, without the inspection marks or stamps affixed
by the inspector, unless otherwise provided, shall bo
forfeited, and may be seized wherever found, and
shall bo gold, and the proceeds of such sale shall be
distributed between too United States and the in-
former, if there be any, as provided by law, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to amend near
the close of the paragraph by inserting the
word "shall" before the words "return to the
said Commissioner/' &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk then read as follows:
That section ninety-two bo amended by striking
out ail atter the enacting clause, and inserting in lieu
thereof the following: that if any person other than
the manufacturer snail sell, or consign, or remove
for sale, or part with tho possession of any manufac-
tured tobacco, snuff, or cigars, upon which the taxes
imposed by law have not been paid, with tho knowl-
edge thereof, such person shall he liable to a penalty
of $100 for each and every offensa, And any person
who shall purchase or receive for salo any such
tobacco, snuff, or cigars, which has not be^n inspected,
branded, or stamped as required by law, or upon
which the tax. has not been paid, if it has accrued
or become payable, with knowledge thereof, shall
be liable to a penalty of fifty dollars for each and
every offense. -And any person who shall purchase
or receivc for sale any sueh tobacco, snuff, or cigars,
from any manufacturer who has not paid tho special
tax, shall be liable for each and every offense to a
penalty of $100, anjl, in addition theroto, a forfeiture
of all the articles, as aforesaid, so purchased or re-
ceived, or the full value thereof. And every person,
before making any cigars after the passage of this
act, shall apply for and procure from I he assistant
assessor of the district in which he or she resides, a
permit authorizing such persons to carry on the trade
of cigar making, for which permit he or she shall pay
said assistant assessor the sum of twenty-live ccnts.
And every person employed or working at the busi-
ness ot cigar making in any other district than that
in which he or she is a resident shall, before making
any cigars in such other district, present said permit
to tho assistant assessor of the district where so
employed or working, and procurc the indorsement
of said assistant assessor thereon, authorizing said
business in said district, for which indorsement the
assistant assessor shall be entitled to receive from the
applicant the sum of ten cents. And it shall bo, the
duty of every assistant assessor, upon application of
any person residing in his district, to furnish a per-
mit, or to indorse upon the permit of the applicant,
if resident in another district, authority to pursue
the trade of cigar making within the proper district
of such assistant assessor; and said assistant assessor
shall keep a record of all permits granted or indorsed
by him, showing the date of each permit, the name,
residence, and place of employment of the party
named therein, the name and district of the officer
who originally granted the same, or who may have
made any subsequent indorsements thereon, and the
name or names of the party or parties by whom tho
person named in such permitis employed, or, if work-
ing for himself orherself, stating such fact: andevery
person making cigars shall keep an accurate account
in a book of all the cigars made by him or her, for
whom, and their kind or quality: and, if made for
any other person, shall state insaidaccountthename
of the person or persons for whom the same were
made, and his or their place of business, and shall,
on tho first Monday of every month, deliver to the
assistant assessor of the district a copy of such ac-
count, verified by oath or affirmation that the same
is true and correct. And if any person shall make
any cigars without procuring such permit, or the
proper indorsements thereon, or neglect to keep such
account in a book, he or she shall be punished by a
fine of five dollars for each day he or she shall so
ofiend, or by imprisonment forsuch time as the cour.t
may order for each day's offense,not exceeding tVrty
days in tho whole, upon any one conviction. And if
any person making cigarsshall fail to make the return
herein required, or shall niako a false return, ho or
she shallbo punished bya fine not exceeding $100, or
by imprisonment not exceeding thirty days. And
any person furnished with such peimit may apply to
the assistant assessor or inspector of tho district to
have any cigars ot their own manufacture counted;
and on receiving a certificate of tho number, for
which such fee as may be proscribed by tho Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue shall be paid by the owner
thereof, may sell and deliver such cigars to any pur-
chaser, in the presence of said assistant assessor or
inspector, in bulk or unpacked, without paymont of
tho duty. A copy of the certificate shall be retained
by tho assistant assessor, or by the inspector, who
shall return the same to the assistant assessor of tho
district. Tho purchaser shall pack such cigars in
boxes or paper packages, and have the same inspected
and marked or stamped according to the provisions
of this act, and shall make a return of tho snmet as
inspected, to the assistant assessor of tho district,
and, unless removed to a bonded warehouse, shall
pay the duties on such cigars within five days after
purchasing them, to the collector of tho district
wherein they were manufactured, and before tho
same have been removed from the store or building
of such purchaser, or from his possession; and any
such purchaser who shall ncglect for more than five
days to pack and havo such cigars duly inspected,
and pay the duties thereon according to this act, or
who shall purchase any cigars from any person not
holding such permit, tho duties thereon not having
been paid, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor,
and be fined not exceeding &500, and bo imprisoned
not exceeding six months, at the discretion of tho
court, and the cigars shall bo forfeited and sold, ono
fourth for the benefit of tho informer, ono fourth for
the officer who seized or had them condemned, and
one half shall be paid to the Government. And if
any person, firm, company, or corporation shall
employ or procure any person to mako any cigars,
who has not tho permit or tho indorsement thereon
required by this act, he, she, or they shall bo punished
by a fine of ten dollars for each day ho, she, or they
shall so employ such person, or hy imprisonment not
exceeding ten days. And if any person shall be found
making cigars without such permit, or tue indorse-
ment thereon, tho collector of tho district may seizo
any cigars, or tobacco for making cigars, which may
bo found in possession of such person, and the same
shall be forfeited to the United States and sold; and
ono half of the proceeds shall bo piiid to the United
States, one fourth to the informer, and tho other
fourth to tho collector making the seizure.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to amend by
striking out the words "or hers," "or she,"
"she or they," wherever they occur in this
paragraph.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. THAYER. I would ask the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] if the word "assist-
ant '' should not be stricken out before the word
"assessor."
Mr. GARFIELD. The gentleman is right.
I move that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. THAYER. I move to amend by insert-
ing the words "wherein the same were manu-
factured" after the words "shall make a return
of the same, as inspected, to the assessor of
the district."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend, at the
close of the paragraph, by striking out the
following:
And one half of the proceeds shall be paid to the
United States, one fourth to tho informer, and tho
other fourth to the collector making the seizure.
And inserting in lieu thereof the following:
And the proceeds of suchsales shall bedistributed
between tho United States, the miormer, if there
be any, and the collector making the seizure, as pro-
vided by law.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. One portion of this para-
graph reads as follows:
And every person making cigars shall keep an
accurate account in a book of all the cigars made by
him or her, for whom, and their kind or quality; and,
if made for any other person, shall state in said ac-
count the name of tho person or persons for whom
the same were made, and his or thoir place of busi-
ness, and shall, on the first Monday of every month,
deliver to tho assistant assessor of the districta copy
of such account, verified by oath or affirmation that
the same is true and correct.
I move to amend by inserting, at the close
of the sentence I have read, tho following
proviso:
Provided, That journeymen cigar-makers and ap-
prentices who work for others shall not be considered
as included within this proviso.
I will state briefly the object of this amend-
ment. By the law as it now stands, and as it
has been construed, a man may have twenty
journeymen employed at making cigars. Not
only the employer and his book-keeper are
I required to make out every night a full return
of all the work done in the shop, but every
journeyman and every apprentice working there
must keep his book and make out his nightly
return to be handed to the assessor.
Now, I suppose that construction of this pro-
vision was never intended; but it is a construc-
tion which has been put upon it. I know it
may be said that this is a sort of check upon
the employer: the workmen are all made spies
upon the employer. It may have that effect in
some instances, but it is so entirely perplexing
that very few workmen will be found who are
willing to work under this provision if so con-
strued. I know that in my town last year the
workmen refused to work, and turned out and
paraded the streets until the assessors agreed
to take the returns of the employers and book-
keepers, and dispense with the returns of the
workmen.
Now, I do not know anything more irri-
tating than this very provision requiring every
journeyman when he goes home at night to
set down in his book and make out an account
of his day's work to be returned to the assessor.
This provision is very stringent upon the own-
ers, employers, and book-keepers, and it should,
not, I think, impose this task upon the labor-
ing classes.
Mr. MORRILL. I regret to be compelled
to oppose the proposition of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens, j I have
no doubt there is some hardship caused by this
provision ; but I cannot conceive that it is any-
thing like the hardship that the gentleman has
represented.
As I understand it, these parties are employed
to make cigars by the thousand; and they have
to keep an account with their employers to
show what they have done, and what Uieir
wages amount to. The gentleman says that
they must make these returns every night j but
in point of fact they are not required to make
the returns except once a month.
Experience has taught us that without sueh
a provision as this in the law we have no clue
by which to reach the manufacturer and find
out whether he makes a true or a fraudulent
return. The Government was formerly de-
frauded to a large extent by collusion between
the manufacturer and the persons taking out
tobacco to manufacture for him. This provis-
ion has been found a very effectual one thus
far in the practical operation of the law. It
has been found, I believe, to be a sure preven-
tive of collusion such as 1 have referred to. I
trust that the amendment will not be adopted.
The question being taken on the amend-
ment, it was declared not agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I call for a division.
Mr. MORRILL. As there is evidently not
a quorum present, I move that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes repotted
that tho Committee of the Whole on the state
of tho Union had had under consideration the
Union generally, and particularly the special
order, being bill of the House No. 513, to
amend an act entitled "An act to provide
internal revenue to support the Government,
to pay interest on the public debt, and for
other purposes," approved June 30, 1804, and
acts amendatory thereof, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
MESSAGE FROM TI113 SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. "Wil-
liam J. McDonald, its Chief Clerk, informed
the House that the Senate had passed a joint
resolution of the House (No. 103) to refer the
petition of Benjamin Holliday to the Court of
Claims, with an amendment, in which he was
directed to request the concurrence of the
House.
The message further informed the House
that the Senate had passed bills and a joint
resolution of the following titles, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested :
An act (S. No. 313) regulating the transpor-
tation of nitro-glycerme or glynoin oil;
