18G6J
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3623
we have had and the means you have given us
to support the war and carry it on, we will not
pay you." I hope it will not be done.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not like to be mis-
anderstood; I will not say with regard to the
honorable Senator from West Virginia that he
misrepresented, because he never intentionally
misrepresented anybody. My objection to the
bill is not founded on the idea that I would not
pay a Union man if I could find him and his
claim was established. That I have not as-
serted. I go with the Senator in that respect,
so far as I am concerned. He might have
spared ail his eloquent appeals to " Anderson-
ville," "gory shroud," and all that kind of
thing, which I do not think very good argu-
ment, especially on a matter of money, a mat-
ter of business, although it may be very good
eloquence. My objection is to the mode in
which you are getting at it. I will not put all
these claims that may arise in the eleven dis-
loyal States into the hands of a clerk in the Quar-
termaster General's office, without any written
testimony to look into, for him to report on
them as he may choose to report. God only
knows what sort of clerks you may have to -do
it. My objection, as I have said before, is that
I will not put the Treasury of the UnitedStates
into the hands of such an officer. I do not like
the mode proposed. I do not know when the
law to which reference was made was passed,
but it certainly passed without my observation.
Mr. TRUMBCJLL. It was in 1864.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not know until
this bill came up that there was such a law in
existence ; but there is not the same danger
in such a law confined to the loyal States. In
the first place, confined to those States it was
very much less extensive, and in the next
place, we do not look there for disloyal men.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to ask the
Senator from Maine if he has not consented
that in the Department over which he presided
clerks examining claims should adjudicate
upon claims amounting to thousands and hun-
dreds of thousands of dollars for vessels taken
and which we agreed to pay for if the vessels
were lost, without any evidence except parol
testimony.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Everything there goes
through the regular accounting officers.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Just so; but they were
examined by clerks, as these claims will be
examined by clerks.
Mr."FESSENDEN. That may be, but they
passed under the hands of the accounting offi-
cers afterward. But at any rate questions of
this sort have not come up before. Another
thing I will say to the Senator, that if- it is
wrong there it is wrong here, and if it is wrong
here I think it is wrong there.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not think it is
wrong in either.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think the man ought
to be paid.
Mr. FESSENDEN. When the Senator puts
it to me, "Was it not so in your Department?''
that proves nothing if it was wrong.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think the Senator was
'in the Senate when that bill was passed which
requires the Departments to pay for vessels
that were taken on the rivers and were lost in
the service.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very likely I may have
been. I have done a great many unwise things
in my day, and probably that was not one of
them.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But the answer that is
made in this case, "was it not so in another
case," and so on, does not prove anything.
That is no answer to an argument. Many
things are done wrong, but they do not form a
justifiable precedent for others. What I have
spoken of is the great extent of these claims,
extensive as they must be; and with what we
have seen of the facility with which the most
red-handed rebel call be proved a loyal man,
I am unwilling for the next five or ten or fifteen
or twenty years to put the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States into the hands of clerks of the De-
partments. I would rather the claims should
go through the Court of Claims, and be prop-
erly adjudicated. I rose merely to say that I
objected to the mode, and not to the thing.
Prove to my satisfaction that the property of a
loyal man has been taken by our armies and
used for the benefit thereof, and I am willing
to pay him.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move now that
the Senate take a recess until seven o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at seven o'clock
p. in.
THADDEtJS IIYAfT.
■Mr. POMEROY. I move to postpone the
consideration of the measure which has been
under consideration this afternoon and take
up Senate bill No. 367.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I suppose it is not
necessary to make a formal motion to postpone;
I will give way for a moment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is of opinion that the unfinished business on
which the Senate was engaged at the time the
recess was taken is now properly before the
Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. I move to postpone the
unfinished business and take up the bill (S. No.
867) to extend the time of letters-patent issued
to Thaddeus Hyatt. It is a bill which has been
reported from the Committee on Patents, and
will excite no discussion I think.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 367) to extend the time of letters-patent
issued to Thaddeus Hyatt was read the second
time.
Mr. GRIMES. How did that bill come be-
fore the Senate? I desire to inquire.
The PRESIDENT^?™ tempore. It was taken
up on the motion of the Senator from Kansas.
Mr. GRIMES. I thought the understanding
was that we were to take up pension business
this evening. This is a bill for the extension
of a patent. I object to its being considered
now.
Mr. POMEROY. If anybody has any ob-
jection to it, I will consent to let the bill go
over.
Mr. GRIMES. I object to apy case of that
kind being taken up now.
Mr. POMEROY. Let the bill be laid aside.
I did not suppose anybody had any objection
to it.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not know anything
about it. I did not come here prepared to
consider such subjects to-night.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will be laid aside.
PETEE ANDERSON.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move to take up
Senate bill No. 79.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
79) for the benefit of Peter Anderson. It pro-
vides for the payment to Peter Anderson of
$1,128, in full for back pension, at the rate of
six dollars per month, from the day he received
his wounds to the day his pension commenced,
under award of Commissioner of Pensions ; that
is, from November 7, 1847, to July 13, 1803.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time and
passed.
ANN SHEUIIJSY.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move now to
take up for consideration House bill No. 461.
The motion was agreen to; and.the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 461) granting a pension to Ann Sheehey.
The bill proposes to direct the Secretary of
the Interior to place the name of Ami Shee-
hey, of Boston, Massachusetts, on the roll of
invalid pensions, and pay her the sum of eight
dollars per month- during lier widowhood; and
.also to direct the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury to settle and adjust the accounts
of John. Sheehey, late a private in company D,
twenty-eighth Massachusetts volunteers, and
pay to Ann Sheehey the amount that may be
found to have been due him on the 3d day of
July, 186B, the date of his death.
Mr. GRIMES. Is there a report in that
case?
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Yes, sir; the re-
port of the House committee was read on a
former occasion.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
WILLIAM CROSWELL.
On motion of Mr. LANE, of Indiana, the
bill (S. No. 354) for the relief of William Cros-
well was read the second time and considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It is a direction
to the Secretary of the Interior to place the
name of William Crosweli, of Boston, Massa-
chusetts, on the roll of invalid pensioners, at
the rate of eight dollars per month, to com-
mence on the 1st day of February, 1865.
Mr. GRIMES. Let us hear the report in
that case.
The Secretary read the following report,
made by Mr. Lanjs, of Indiana",' from the
Committee on Pensions:
The Committee on Pensions, to whom was referred
the petition of William Crosweli, have considered
the same, and beg leave to report:
It appears from the petition and accompanying
papers that the petitioner shipped on board the Uni-
ted States steamer Columbia in December, 1SG2. In
January following the Columbia was wrecked on the
coast of North Carolina, and the petitioner, in at-
tempting to leap from the vessel into a boat which
was being tossed about by the wares, struck his side
against the thwaits ancr produced a rupture. His
injury was aggravated by exposure in wet and insuf-
ficient clothing, and by bad treatment, as a prisoner,
by the rebels, he having been captured and taken to
Richmond after his escape from the vessel. He is
now unable to support himself, and asks a pension
of the Government He is unable to produce evi-
dence from those who were present at the time of
the accident, inasmuch as in the general confusion
which prevailed soarcely anybody noticed it. One
witness, upon whom he depended for proof, has
deserted since his exchange, and ♦mot available.
Ample testimony is submitted, however, that the al-
leged disability does exist, and that it did not exist
before the petitioner entered the service.
The committee are of the opinion that the case is
meritorious, and they submit herewith a bill allow-
ing the petitioner apension of eight dollarsper month,
to commence on the 1st day of February, 1865.
The bill was reported to the Senate. *
Mr. GRIMES. I suggest to the Senator from
Indiana that the bill does not put this man on
the naval pension-list.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. No; we doubted
about the propriety of that, as this occurred
on a Government transport.
Mr. GRIMES. Was he not a seaman?
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. No; he shipped
on board a Government transport. We have
put a provision that the pension shall be paid
out of the naval persion fund in those cases
where we thought it proper. I have no objec-
tion to such an amendment here if the Senator
from Iowa thinks it proper.
Mr. GRIMES. It strikes me that the com-
mittee may possibly have made an error in this
case. They say in their report that "it appears
from the petition and accompanying papers that
the petitioner shipped on board the United
States steamer Columbia in December, 1862;"
If she was a United States naval vessel, lie
would be entitled to be put upon the naval pen-
sion-roll ; but if he shipped in an Army trans-
port he is not entitled to a pension at all, be-
cause all the Army transports that I am aware
of were chartered under charter-parties, and
those who were employed as seamen on board
of them were paid by the persons who executed
the charter-parties. I think it will be discov-
ered that if this man shipped on the Columbia
—I have no recollection of any such vesselbe-
longing to the Navy—he was not in the United
States Government service at "all except in so
far as the vessel to the crew of which he be-
longed was in the Government service.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I think he was in
the service in a transport. He was captured
and taken to Richmond afterward and was.
returned as a prisoner of war, at all events.
Mr. GRIMES. I observe that he sayg its
