2664
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
An act (S. No. 316) to establish a post route
from West Alburg, Vermont, to Champlain, in
the State of New York, and for other purposes ;
snd . ,
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 92) authorizing
the appointment of examiners to examine a
site for a fresh-water basin for iron-clad vessels J
of the United States Navy.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at half past four o'clock p. m.) the House
adjourned.  
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under
the rule and referred*to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. COIsKLING: The petition of citizens of
Utica, Is&v? York, asking extension of time for Stato
banks to retire their circulation.
By Mr. DUMONT: The petition of the board of
trustee? of the Indiana Agricultural College.
By Mr. GARFIELD: The petition of 65 citizens
of Geauga county, Ohio, asking for increased protec-
tion on American wooL
By Mr, HARDING, of Illinois: The memorial of
citizens of Onuawka, Illinois, against obstructive
bridges across the upper Mississippi.
Also, the memorial of citizens of Rock Island,
against the building of obstructive bridges across the
upper Mississippi.
By Mr. INUEHSOLL: Two petitions from citizens
of Peoria county. Illinois, one praying an increase
of duty on imported wool, and twenty-five cents per
pound duty on foreign shoddy and woolen rags; and
one praying a tax of two dollars per head on all dogs.
AI30, two petitions from citizens of Knox county,
Illinois, one praying an increase of duty on imported
wool, and twenty-five cents per pound duty on for-
eign shoddy and woolen rags; and one praying a tax
of two dollars per head on all dogs.
By Mr. LAFLIN : The petition of citizens of Jef-
ferson county, JS ew York, in favor of an increased
tariff on imported flax and flax tow.
By Mr. LATHAM: The memorial of ladies of
French Creek, West Virginia.
By Mr. LONGYEAR: The petition of William
Clapp, and 56 others, eitizens of Jackson county, Mich-
igan, asking for an increased duty on wool.
By Mr. MARVIN: The petition of sundry citizens
of Fulton county, New York, asking an ad valorem
and an increased duty on imported wool.
By Mr. MAftSTOX: The petition of Joseph II.
Graves, and 290 others, eitizens of Portsmouth, New
Hampshire, praying that Congress will fix eight hours
for a day's labor.
By Mr. ROLLINS: The petition of Scth Eastman,
and 35 otheis, ciUiuim of Concord, New Hampshire;
James A. Smith, and 34 others, citizens of Rhode Isl-
and; George 11. Phelps, and 20 others, citizens of Lee,
MassaehusettM A. i\ liand, and 31 others, citizens of
Westficld, Massachusetts; Jacob Stone, and 32 orlicis,
citizens of NewburypoH. Massachusetts; and Tay-
lor, 8ymonds £Co„ and So others, citizens of Provi-
dence, Rhode I>land, severally praying for the pas-
sage of just and equal laws for the regulation of inter-
State insurances of all kinds.
IN SENATE.
Friday, May 18, 1866.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gkay.
The .Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the petition of
William M. Riggs, claiming compensation for
scrviecs rendered as a scout and guide to the
Union forces in the State of Tennessee during
the years 1804 and 1865, accompanied with the
evidence of the services which he performed;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. WILSON. I present the petition of
George W.Graham, and thirty-six others, watch-
men in the Treasury building. They set forth
that the whole number of watchmen in that
building is thirty-seven, twenty-six of whom
served in the Army, six were exempt by reason
of age, and five for disability. They say they
are on duty fifteen hours out of the twenty-four,
while watchmen in the other public buildings
arc only on duty fifteen hours out of forty-eight,
and they therefore ask for an increase of com-
pensation. I move its reference to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POLAND presented the petition of A.
D. Prindle, and thirty-one others, citizens of
Franklin county, Vermont, representing that
the duty on foreign wool by the existing tariff
is wholly insufficient to furnish proper protec-
tion to the wool-growers of this country, and
praying that the same may be increased; which
was rofeued to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WADE presented the petition of Wil-
liam A. Otis and S. A. Mather and other offi-
cers of the savings bank at Cleveland, Ohio,
praying that deposits in savings banks may be
exempt from taxation; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer the petition of col-
ored citizens of Baltimore, in which, among
other things, they ask Congress to strike out
the second clause of the proposed amendment
to the Constitution, which has already passed
the House of Representatives, and which is
now pending before the Senate, and to substi-
tute therefor these words: "No Congressman
shall sit as such who is not elected by at least
one half of all theloyal men of his party, with-
out regard to color or race, if citizens of the
United States and over twenty-one years of
age."
As that subject is now before the Senate, the
committee having made their report, I move
that this petition be received and that it lie
upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer the petition of John
J. Varannes, who calls himself " a soldier for
the Union," wherein he represents that the
arch-rebel Jefferson Davis should be punished
for his many crimes; and he proceeds to say
there is great danger that if tried by a civil
court secessionists may get on the jury and
consequently he may be acquitted or the jury
may disagree. Accordingly, he asks that he
may be tried by a court-martial, and prays that
the Senate may direct his Excellency the Presi-
dent to convene a court-martial with powers to
try Jefferson Davis. In offering this petition I
desire to say that I express no opinion with
regard to its piayer. I am -willing, however,
to add, as the subject is directly before us, that
in my opinion a trial of Jefferson Davis at this
moment by a jury at Richmond will be one
of those great comedies which hereafter will
excite the derision of history. I know of no
committee to which this may more appropri-
ately be referred than the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs; and I ask its reference to that
committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That ref-
erence will be ordered.
reports op committees.
Mr. CLARK. The Committee on Claims,
to whom were referred two petitions of sundry
voters in the State of Florida, praying for com-
pensation for property destroyed by the rebel
authorities, have had that matter under consid-
eration and directed me to report that the
prayer of the petitioners cannot be granted.
I ask that it be disposed of at once. Itisa very
short matter.
The report was concurred in.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom were referred resolutions of
the Legislature of New York, in favor of the
payment of claims of the militia of that State
who served in the war of 1812, asked to be dis-
charged from their further consideration; which
was agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE, from the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia, to whom was
referred a memorial of the Soldiers' and Sail-
ors' Union of Washington, District of Colum-
bia, praying for the passage of a law creating
them a body politic and corporate, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration and
that it be referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia ; which was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was
referred a joint resolution (H. R. No. 184)
relative to appointments to the Military Acad-
emy of the United States, reported it without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
the subject was referred, reported a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 96) providing for the transfer
of certain clerks to the office of the Quarter-
master General; which was read and passed to
a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a joint resolution (S. R. No. 80)
to provide for the publication of the Official
History of the Rebellion, reported it without
amendment, and submitted a report in writing;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. CRAGIN, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred a bill (H. R.
No. 422) for the relief of Mrs. Ann E. Smoot,
widow of Captain Joseph Smoot, reported it
with an amendment.
Mr. NORTON, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred a bill (H. R.
No. 354) for the relief of Edward P. McKin-
ney, of Binghamton, New York, late captain
and assistant commissary of subsistence, re-
ported it without amendment.
bill recommitted.
On motion of Mr. POMEROY, it was
Ordered, That the bill (S. No. 224) to aid in tho
construction of a southern branch of the Union
Pacific railway, and to sccure to the Government
the use of the same for postal, military, and other
purposes, together with the amendments tlieroto, be
recommitted to the Committee on Public Lands,
printing op a bill.
On motion of Mr. POMEROY, it was
Ordered, That the bill (S. No. 169) granting lands
to make up deficiencies of former grants in aid of
the completion of the Tom ah and Lake St. Croix
and the St. Croix and Lake Superior railroads in
the State of Wisconsin, be printed and recommitted
to the Committee on Public Lands.
house bills referred.
The following bills from the House of Rep-
resentatives were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred to the Committee on Finance:
-A bill (H. R. No. 597) to authorize the use
in post offices of weights of the denomination
of grammes; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 140) to enable
the Secretary of the Treasury to furnish to
each State one set of the standard weights and
measures of the metric system.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 141) to
authorize the President to appoint a special
commissioner to facilitate the adoption of a
uniform coinage between the United States
and foreign countries, was read twice by its
title.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The joint
resolution will be referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. SUMNER. I think that lost joint res-
olution should go to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. SHERMAN. These bills ought to go
together to the same committee. They were
all reported from a special committee of the
House and ought to go together; they are
kindred bills. The metric system—that, I
believe, is the name given to it—is a system
proposed to be adopted in regard to coinage
and weights and measures.
Mr. SUMNER. I have no wish certainly
to draw them to the committee with which I
am associated; only it seemed to me from the
title that perhaps the latter resolution belonged
to that committee.
Mr. CONNESS. They are financial meas-
ures.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think they had better
go to the Committee on Finance.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ori-
ginal reference to the Committee on Finance
will stand, no objection being made.
Mr. SUMNER afterward said: Several bills
came from the House of Representatives this
morningrelatingto the metric system. I thought
at the time they should be referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations. One or two of
them were referred without notice to the Com-
mittee on Finance. I understand from the
Senator from Ohio that the Committee on Fi-
nance, so far as they have considered the ques-
tion, are not disposed to proceed with those
bills, and the Senator himself has suggested to
me that a special committee would be more
appropriate. It will be remembered that there
is a special committee on this subject in the
other House. I have therefore thought it
advisable to move the apjiointme-it of a spe-
cial committee on this subject, to which these
