224
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
. [June 6,,
.Senate.
Reconstruction—Mr. Howe.
39th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
application of tile Legislature,or the Executive, (when
the Legislature cannot be convened,) against domes-
tic violence.'"
That is what he said. There was in that
proclamation the exercise of the same identi-
cal power which President Johnson exercised
in 1865, and the exercise which I insisted ought
to be exercised in January last by Congress;
that is to say, the power to take the preroga-
tives of a State from the whole people of a
State, and to do something else with them.
President Lincoln proposed to take them from
the whole body of the people and give them to
a minority of the people, not less than one
tenth.1 President Johnson, in 1865, took them
from the whole body of the people, and gave
them to a single individual. I proposed to take
them from the whole body of the people in the
State and give them to the people of the United
States. That is-the difference between the three
propositions. Look at the practical operation,
however, of the two plans. President Lincoln's
proclamation says to these people down there,
"So many of you as will, now while the war is
raging, turn your backs on the rebellion, be-
come our friends, take an oath to stand by us,
and to fight our enemies, we will take by the
hand ; we will organize you into a State ; we
will build up the boundary line of a State, as a
wall between you and the rebels; we will ex-
clude them from all power, and vest all power
in you." That was President Lincoln's plan.
He proposed to wrest the prerogatives of the
State from the majority and to bestow them as
a reward upon the minority who should then,
when the rebellion was at the height of its
power, desert it, defy it, and take an oath to
resist it. President Johnson's plan was pro-
mulgated only after the power of the rebellion
was utterly broken. When majorities and
minorities were alike ready to swear fealty to
the United States because they could not longer
resist its power, then the President tendered
pardon and the prerogatives of the State to that
very majority which had resisted while resist-
ance was possible, and to whom the law secured
nothing but the extreme penalty due to treason.
President Lincoln held up the prerogatives
of the State as a reward to those who should
desert the rebellion and help subdue it, whilo
President Johnson, after the rebellion is sub-
dued by the boundless expenditure of blood
and treasure, flings those same priceless pre-
rogatives to his prisoners of war.
But there was another difference between the
policy of President Lineoln and the policy of
President Johnson. President Lincoln says:
"This proclamation is intended to present the peo-
ple of the States wherein the national authority has
been suspended and loyal State governments have
been subverted a mode in and by which the national
authority and loyal State governments may be re-
established within said States, or in any of them;
and while the mode presented is tho best the Execu-
tive can suggest with his present impressions, it must
not be understood that no other possible mode would
be acceptable."
President Lincoln offers the best plan he
can think of, but advertises that he is ready
to accept a better one if others can devise it.
President Johnson offers a plan immeasurably
worse, and allows men to whose unbought
efforts he is indebted for the power he wields
to be proscribed for no offense but believing
that a better plan can be devised.
Mr. President, here seems to be the issue:
we invite the people of the United States to
incorporate these just and necessary amend-
ments into their Constitution, and we propose
to sequestrate the claim to representation in
Congress until these amendments be agreed
to. The opponents of these amendments in-
vite the people of the States now represented
to send Representatives here who will open
these doors to the representatives of these re-
bellious communities at once, and whether the
pending amendments be agreed to or not. That
is the issue. I do not know what the- decision
is to be. I hear it said in the newspapers and
elsewhere that a Congress is coming here that
will open these doors. Perhaps so. I see
most elaborate efforts being made to bring
such a Congress here. "With what success it
is to be attended I do not know. That re-
mains to be seen. I see a great many indi-
viduals and a great many representatives sent
here by the Union party to uphold the Union
cause now aiding to their utmost in all that
is thought to be required-to secure such a
Congress.
. Mr. WILSON. There are not a. great many
of them.
Mr. HOWE. No, I do not mean to_ say
there are a great many of these representatives.
There are a few of them aiding in that work.
I am told that the design is to pack the Con-
gress of the United States, to select men and
to secure the election of men devoted to the
single purpose of getting representatives in
here from these lately rebellious States.
Mr. President, there was an attempt about
two hundred years ago to pack a Parliament
in England, and it would be well enough per-
haps for those engaged in this enterprise to
recur to the history of that. It is said, indeed,
that those who are engaged in this enterprise
have the President with them and have the
patronage of the Government on their side;
that that is all-potential; that the country and
the public conscience .cannot stand up against
it. They may be right who put that estimate
upon the influence of patronage. But -recol-
lect we do not know that this patronage is to
be in the hands of the present Executive for
more than about two years. When, two hun-
dred years ago,, they undertook to pack a Par-
liament in England, this patronage was all in
the hands of a king for life and his heirs after
him.
Mr. COWAN. What Parliament was that?
Mr. HOWE. The Parliament of James II.
The question there was wHether the Catholics
should be admitted to a share in the Govern-
ment. The question here is, whether the rebels
shall be admitted to a share in the Govern-
ment. 1 do not know whether the hostility of
the nation to the rebels is as strong as the
hostility of the English nation was to the Catho-
lics or not. I am inclined to think it is. That
was the question in that case. I have stated
the question in this. Macaulay says:
" Tho sanction of a Parliament was necessary to
his system."
And I judge the President thinks that the
sanction of a Congress would be convenient to
his.
" The sanction of a free and lawful Parliament it
was evidently impossible to obtain; but it might
not be altogether impossible to bring together by
corruption, by intimidation, by violent exertions of
prerogative, by fraudulent distortions of law, an
assembly which might call itself a Parliament, and
might be willing to register any edict of the sov-
ereign. Returnlng-officers must be appointed who
would avail themselves of the slightest pretense
to declare the King's friends duly elected. Every
placeman, from the highest to the lowest, must be
made to understand that if he wished'to retain his
office ho must, at this conjuncture, supportthe throne
by his vote and interest. The High Commission,
meanwhile, would keep its eye on the clergy. The
boroughs, whichhadjustbeenremodeledtoserve one
turn, might be remodeled again to serve another.
By such means the King hoped to obtain a majority
in the House of Commons. The upper House-would
then be at his mercy. He had undoubtedly by law
the power of creating peers without limit, and this
power he was fully determined to use." * * *
'But there was no extremity to which he was not
prepared to goin case of necessity. When in a large
company an opinion was expressed that the peers
would prove iutractable"—
As it is sometimes suggested the Senate
may—
" 4 Oh, silly,' cried Sunderland, turning to Church-
ill, 'your troop of guards shall be called up to the
House of Lords.'"
And I think I have heard such intimations
thrown out about the treatmentto be bestowed
upon the Senate.
"Having determined to pack a Parliament, James
set himself energetically and methodically to the
work. A proclamation appeared in the Gazette,
announcing"—
A change of the postmasters, collectors of
revenue, assessors, and district attorneys, sub-
stantially.
"Aproclamation appearedinthe Gazette,announ-
cing that the King had determined to revise the com-
missions of peace and of lieutenancy, and to reUin
in public employment only such gentlemen as&hould
be disposed to support his policy."
If they wanted to eat the King's bread and
butter they must support the King's policy.
"A committee of seven Privy Councilors sate at
"Whitehall for the purpose of regulating—such was
tho phrase—the municipal corporations."
I do not know exactly how many member^
compose the Johnson club, which is, I believe,
nothing essentially different from a committee
of Privy Councilors.
"In this committee Jeffreys alone represented the
Protestant interest. Powis alone represented the
moderate Koman Catholics. All the other members
belonged to the Jesuitical faction. Amongthemwas
Petre, who had jubt been sworn of the council. Till
he took his seat at the board, his elevation had been
kept a profound secret from everybody but Sunder-
land," &c.
Macaulay goes on at length to describe the
efforts which were made to pack the Parlia-
ment; but after all they did not succeed. It
seems wonderful that they did not. The King
had absolutely unlimited control of all patron-
age, all appointments. Parliament did not dis-
pute that with him. Congress does not yet
agree that that power is in the hands of the
President. But whatever power the King had
he had for life. It is not certain that the Pres-
ident has the power vested in him to-day for
life. Mr. President, how were these efforts
received by the people of England? The his-
torian says that Aubrey de Vere, Earl of Ox-
ford. the noblest subject of England, when
called upon to acquiesce in the policy of the
King, answered:
'\Sir, I will stand by your Majesty against all ene-
mies to the last drop of my blood. But this is matter
of conscience, and I cannot comply."
He was at once removed from his lieuten-
ancy. A similar demand was made upon the
Earl of Shrewsbury, and a similar reply given,
.and similar treatment was administered ; upon
the Earl of Essex with like results, and upon
a great number of the most distinguished nobil-
ity of England 5 and one after another they
went their way, as our postmasters, collectors,
and assessors are going now in these days. Mr.
President, history has taken note and has pre-
served down to this day the names, the fames,
and cherishes yet the memory of those men
who would rather be right than to be lieuten-
ants of counties: and history for a great many
years to come will cherish the name and the
memory of those men who in these days dare to
be right rather than be postmastersorcollectors.
Among the' expedients resorted to for the
purpose of securing the election of the right
sort of representatives was this:
"The catechism by which the lords lieutenant
had been directed to test the sentiments of the coun-
try gentlemen consisted of three questions. Every
magistrate and deputy lieutenant was to be asked,
first, whether, if he should be chosen to serve in Par-
liament, he would vote for a bill framed on the prin-
ciples of tho Declaration of Indulgence; secondly,
whether, as an elector, he would support candidates
who would engage to votefor such a bill; and thirdly,
whether, in his private capacity, he would aid the
King's benevolent designs by living in friendship
with people of all religious persuasions."
A pretty close catechism there.
Mr. COWAN. There is not much objection
to that these days—toleration and indulgence.
Mr. HOWE. No, there does not seem to
be. I believe the catechism has been greatly
improved since that period.
"As soon as the questions got abroad, a form of
answer, drawn up with admirable skill, was cir-
culated all over the kingdom, and was generally
adopted. It was to the following effect: *As a mem-
ber of the House of Commons, should I have the
honor of a seat there, I shall think it my duty care-
fully to weigh such reasons as may be adduced in
debate for and against a bill of indulgence, and then
to vote according to my conscientious conviction.
As an elector, I shall give my support to candidates
whose notions of the duty of a representative agree
with my own. As a private man, it is my wish to
live in peace and charity with everybody.' "
A very good form of an answer. Whethei
it was referred to to any, extent by those dis
