640
THE COMPRESSION"AL GLOBE,
February 5,
extension of the Capitol grounds; which was
referred-to-the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds.
Mr. HOWARD presented a petition of citi-
zens of Detroit, Michigan, praying Congress to
levy a tariff sufficient to give adequate protec-
tion to American industry; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. CLARK presented the petition of Mrs.
Bebeeca S. Minor, prayingfor compensation for
property taken and used by the United States
Army inHhe years 1863 and 18G4, in Natchez,
Mississippi; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. GUTHRIE presented a petition of man-
ufacturers of-agricultural implements, praying
for a reduction of the taxes upon sales of agri-
cultural implements, and for the removal of the
tax now assessed upon castings made by them-
selves for their own machines; which was re-
ferred to the Committee 011 Finance.
• Mr. NBSMITH presented the memorial of
Robert \V. Dunbar, praying to be reimbursed
for damages sustained by him in consequence
of a revocation of his appointment as agent to
take charge of public property at Orford, in
Oregon; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. COWAN" presented a petition of citizens
of Fayette county, Pennsylvania, praying that
an amendment to the Constitution be adopted
to prevent any State from making a distinction
hereafter in civil rights and privileges among
the naturalized citizens of the United States
"residing within its limits, or among persons born
-on its soil, on account of race, color, or de-
scent ; which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. SHEltMAN presented a memorial of the
executive committee of the Montgomery County
Tobacco Growers' Association of Ohio, praying
to be placed upon an equality iu relation to the
tax on tobacco according to the relative value
of the tobacco produced in that portion of the
State; winch was referred to the Committee
■on Finance.
He also presented three petitions of manu-
facturers of agricultural implements, praying
for a reduction of the tax upon sales of agri-
cultural implements, and for the removal of the
tax now assessed upon castings made by them-
selves for their own machines; which were re-
ferred to the Committee 011 Finance.
He also presented the petition of George II.
Wells, a citizen of Marietta, Ohio, praying for
compensation for the loss of his steamboat,
Southern Merchant, which, he alleges, was taken
from him by the rebels at Ihe beginning of the
war, whs recaptured by our fore.es from the
rebels, and was sold by the United States:
which was referred to the Committee 011 Claims.
Mr. G1MMKS. I present the petition of
Miss Clara Barton, winch, as it contains some
very intercsling statements, twill ask tho in-
dulgence of the Senate to read and to more
paitieularly state to the Senate than ordinary
petitions are stated. She jtates thai during the
time our prisoners were being landed at An-
napolis last winter she received a laige num-
ber of letters from all parts of the country,
mostly from the wives and mothers of soldiers,
desiring her personal assistance in searching for
their lost husbands and sons who. they had
reason to fear, had languished or died in south-
ern prisons. Tho intense anxiety and excite-
ment, amounting in many instances nearly to
insanity, which characterized these letters, led
her-to regard this as the most poignant grief,
and perhaps the most pressing necessity at that
moment known to our people, prompting her
at the same time to devise some means of relief.
She decided, if possible, to obtain permission
from the Government to inform the public that
she would receive and answer all letters ad-
-diessedfo her at Annapolis by the friends of
prisoners; that she would then publish the
names thus obtained iu lists, and cause them
to be ported in the barracks, with the request
that all paroled prisoners would examine, and
transmit to her, by letter or otherwise, such in-
formation as they might- possess of all persons
whose, names appeared there. The informa-
tion thus gained was forwarded to the person
who had made the inquiry, including always
the address of the soldier who had conferred
the information, thus placing in communication
the friends of the missing man and the person
professing -to have knowledge of him, with a
view to further inquiry if desirable, or of pro-
tecting themselves against imposition or mistake
by a course of personal investigation, constitu-
ting the friends as well as herself judges of the
accuracy of the intelligence conveyed.
Her suggestions were received by President
Lincoln and submitted to Major General Hitch-
cock, under whose direction a few lines ad-
dressed to the friends of Union prisoners ap-
peared in the Chronicle newspaper of this city,
and were copied by other papers. In four days
three hundred and sixty letters awaited her at
Annapolis, and they continued to follow at the
rate of a hundred per day until the order for dis-
charging prisoners of war and returning them
to their homes rendered it necessary for her
either to abandon the search or change her ori-
ginal plan, the results of which had exceeded her
expectations. Tho information sought rested
almost entirely with returned prisoners who
would now become citizens and scattered over
the entire country. They were enfeebled men,
and the knowledge of the facts now living in
their memories would die with them. She
thought her duty plain, and determined to con-
tinue her search by means of printed rolls cir-
culated over the ont.ii e loyal States. This re-
quired substantial aid, and she sought it at the
hands of our present Chief Ma_gistrate, with
the indorsement of a number of general ofli-
cers, among whom was Lieutenant General
j Grant, by special direction of President J 0I111-
son, the printing of the rolls was assumed by
the Government.
Securing the services of competent clerks,
she recommenced her duties in May. Under
this enlarged system she was 110 longer under
the necessity of confining her labors to prison-
ers, and she decided to include in her search
all missing men of the Army. During the month
of June she printed and put in circulation twenty
thousand copies of a roll containing fifteen hun-
dred names of soldiers who had disappeared
from the knowledge of their families and friends,
and of whose personal existence or condition
110 knowledge was to be obtained from official
sources. A copy of this roll was sent to every
point from which it was thought, information
might be derived, including every post oifiee in
the loyal States, accompanied with a request for
information as to each and every name contained
011 it. Each name in regard to which inquiry
had been made was, as received, entered upon
a book in ledger form, in alphabetical order,
specifying, first, tho name of the missing sol-
dier with a number designating tlu; order of
the receipt-of the inquiry ; second, his company,
regiment, and arm of the service; third, the,
name and residence of the person making the
inquiry; and fourth, the date of its receiiit.
Corresponding columns were left for entries of
information that might bo received, and in these
were noted as received the name and address of
the person giving the information, the date of its
receipt, and a brief note of its nature. Some-
times more than one inquiry was made for the
same soldier, and often information concerning
him was received from more than one person,
but in either case all were noted under the same
name and number on the register. As infor-
mation was received from any quarter it was at
once communicated to the person or persons
making the inquiries, together with the name
and address of the person giving the informa-
tion, thus jiutting the seeker in direct commu-
nication with the possessor of information. Of
the fifteen hundred names contained on this
first roll she received information of something-
over one thousand, or more than two thirds of
the entire number.
Ill July last she issued a second roll contain-
ing about the same number of additional names,
but this roll, from want of means to carry out
her project according to its original design, was
never fully circulated. . She has since received
inquiries for still other missing men, sufficient
to make probably more than three other rolls
of the same size, or to the total amount cf
probably seven thousand five hundred men.
This entire labor of correspondence, of regis-
try, of preparation, and publication of rolls, lias
so far been carried on by her own efforts and
at her own expense, with the exception only of
the printing of rolls as before stated. She states
that she has been compelled to suspend her
operations simply from the lack of means to
carry them on, the work having so far outgrown
her expectations. And yet the work can hardly
be said to have been fairly commenced. The
inquiries received probably include but a small
fraction of those reported '1 missing," and
whose friends still wait in suspense and linger-
ing hope, harder to bear than even the certainty
of death. And of those for whom she has re-
ceived inquiries but a small proportion have yet
been properly sought after, and that information
obtained of thepi which the system properly
carried out would bring to light.
She thus finds herself to-dav, she says, in pos-
session of a well-organized system of successful
search for the missing men of the United States
Army. Having originated and carried it forward
by herself eight months, and, as she believes,
fully demonstrated its practicability, exhausting
her means in the effort, she has decided to sub-
mit it to the Government for its more wise con-
sideration and action if deemed proper. In
order to secure the best measure of success,
the work must be vigorously prosecuted, as the
sources of information are rapidly wasting away
by disease and premature death.
She has found that a soldier's name stands
sometimes upon the official records of his Gov-
ernment with the dark word " deserter" writ-
ten against it, while his family has evidence
more or less positive that he lay long months
after this an honest captive in rebel prisons and
died there. The same course which would
serve to throw light upon this case, would aid in
bringing to view precisely the opposite, if it ex-
isted. Such cases as the above, together with
all those respecting whose fate tho records are
silent, she would suggest as suitable names to
be placed upon rolls for distribution through-
out the country, after the manner in which she
has hitherto, without access to records, found it
necessary to deal with all.
There will, when all has been done which lies
in mortal power, be still a percentage remain-
ing of men upon whose fate no light will ever
gleam until the graves open and the sea gives
up its dead ; but this will be less than is gener-
ally at this day supposed. Her observation
warrants her in venturing the opinion that with
suitable facilities some trace may be gained of
four fifths of all who have disappeared amid the
quicksands of war.
How this work shall be carried on in the
futuie is for the Government to decide. That
it should not be permitted to cease would seem
to be a proposition 011 which all right-minded
persons must agree. The Government, owes it
110 less to tho brave men who lie in unknown
graves than to the anxious and longing friends
! in whom hope is not yet wholly dead, to. see that
j no stone is left unturned to complete the per-
| sonal record of all its preservers. Whether the
1 work shall bo continued by the Government, in
! her hands or placed in those of others she leaves
| for the wisdom of Congress to determine; and
j she submits this statement of what she lias done
i and designed, with the prayer that it may in
! some form be assumed by the Government whose
[ duty it would seem to be to perfect it.
i Mr. President, I move that this petition, with
the accompanying papers, be referred to the
Committee 011 Military Affairs and the Militia,
and I trust that it will receive the early and
favorable consideration of that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
TAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. HARRIS, it was
OriltrrJ. That the heirs of,Toshua Chamberlain have
| leave to withdraw their petition and other papers nom
1 the files of the Senate.
