1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1705
No. 145, for a grant of land to the State of Kan-
sas to aid in the construction of the Northern
Kansas railroad and telegraph, is stated to have
been referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads. The reference of the
bill, which was on my motion, was to the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad. I ask that if
the Journal be incorrect in this respect it may
be corrected.
The SPEAKER. The Journal will be ex-
amined, and if incorrect, will be corrected.
DBATII 01' SENATOR FOOT.
A message from the Senate by Mr. Forxey,
its Secretary, communicated the following ex-
tract from its Journal, which was read:
In Senate op the United States,
March 29,1S66.
Jlomherl, (unanimously,) That the members of the
Senate, from a sincere desire of showing every mark
of rcspec-t to the memory of lion. Solomon Foot,
deceased, late a Senator from the State of Vermont,
will go into mourning for the residue of the present
session, by the usual mode of wearing crape on the
left arm.
Resolved, (unanimously), That the Senate will
attend the funeral of the deceased from Iho Senate
Chamber at one o'clock to-day, and that the commit-
tee of arrangements, consisting of Messrs. Doolit-
tle, Anthony, Howard, Hendricks, Sherman, and
jbrrk \ lew, superintend the baine.
Orderrd, That the Secretary eommumcn/to these
proceedings to the House of Representatives.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Speaker, I learn that
Senators who desire to submit remarks in rela-
tion to the life and character of the eminent
Senator from Vermont whose decease has just
been communicated to this House, are not ready
to do so to-day. The family of the deceased
were desirous to reach home this week, and
therefore the funeral ceremonies could not lie
deferred. I may also state that some of my
colleagues are at the present moment absent;
and I trust that at some early day the usual
opportunity will be afforded for submitting such
eulogies upon the character and public services
of the deceased as members may desire to oiler.
I present the following resolutions:
Hrvilvcl, That this House lias hoard with deep
sensibility the announcement of the death of Hon.
Solomon _J"oot, a Senator in Congress from the
State of Vermont.
Jlv^ofvcd, That as a testimonial of respect for the
memory of the deceased the members and officers of
this House will wear the usual badge of mourning for
thirty days.
llcsoh'ed, That the proceedings of this House in re-
lation lo the death of Hon. Solomon Foot, be com-
municiited 1 o the family of the deceased by the Clerk.
Ju inlpr*/, That this House will as a body repair to
the Senate Chamber, to attend the funeral of thede-
ceased, at the hour of one o'clock p. m. this day, and
upon its return to the Hall, that the Speaker declare
the House adjourned.
adjournment till monday.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman from Ver-
mont will consent to postpone the question upon
these resolutions for a few moments, I desire
to submit a motion in regard to the adjourn-
ment.
Mr. MOTIPJLL. I will do so.
Mr. STEVEN'S. I move that when the House
adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on Monday
next. I do it because several committees have
business accumulating on their hands. 1 learn
from the gentleman behind me, chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs, [Mr. Scuexok,]
and others, that they are desirous to have these
two days to perfect business for presentation t o
the House.
Mr. GRINNELL. I move to amend so that
the House will meet on Saturday for debate
onlv.
Mr. WASITBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
House will agree to the motion to adjourn over
till Monday.
Mr. MORRILL. Most of the members of
the Committee of Ways and Means would not
he able to attend even if there were a session of
the House.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I hope the Iionse
will adjourn until Saturday so that we may have
the usual session for speech-making.
Mr. STEVENS. Most of the House desire
to adjourn over until Monday. I do not say it
is necessary for the Committee on Appiopri-
ations, because we are through most of our
business.
Mr. GRINNELL. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I renew the amend-
ment that when the House adjourns to-day it
adjourn to meet on Saturday next, when no
business shall be in order but speech-making.
I do this in behalf of some of the new members
who wish to be heard, and objection comes
with ill grace from men who have had the
same favor more than once during this session.
I have no speech to make myself.
Mr. CONKLING, It requires unanimous
consent for the House lo meet on Saturday
next as in Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union for debate only, and I object.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
51, noes 50.
Mr. THAYER demanded tellers.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 am informed that they
have been waiting for an adjournment of two
days to repair the roof, which absolutely needs
repair.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If the gentleman from
New York will withdraw his objection to the
latter part of the motion of the gentleman from
Ohio there will be no difficulty.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Ashley
of Ohio, and Thayer, were appointed.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. My motion will
not take a single man oft' of any of the com-
mittees.
The House divided ; and the tellers reported
—ayes GO, noes 4'.).
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I now withdraw my mo-
tion.
The SPEAKER. It can only be done by
unanimous consent, as the gentleman's motion
has been amended by the House.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope, then, the motion
will be voted down.
Mr. SCOFJELD. I move to amend to ad-
journ till to-morrow, and that both Friday and
Saturday be devoted to debate.
Mr. SCHENCK. If it be in order, I wish
to propose an amendment, that all these Satur-
day speeches be handed in in manuscript and
published without taking up any time. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move further to amend
by saying that speeches made on all other days
bo treated in the same way. [Renewed laugh-
ter.]
Mr. Scopiklij's motion was disagreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Stevens's
motion, as amended.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
59, noes 45.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I move that the
session of Saturday be limited to speeches as
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. .STEVENS. I object.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I move
that the rules be suspended for that purpose.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not-now
in order.
death of sexatou foot aoain.
The question was then taken on Mr. Mon-
rii.l's resolutions, and they were unanimously
adopted.
The SPEAKER. Atone o'clock, then,the
House will proceed in a body to the Senate
Chamber.
adjournment oyeil again.
Mr. ROGERS. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the House agreed to adjourn
over until Saturday.
Mr. ANCONA. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
50, noes 03.
So the House refused to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
The question then recurred on the motion to
reconsider.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
75, noes "M.
So the motion was agreed to.
The question then recurred oil the amend-
ment of Mr. Ashley, of OMo, to adjourn until
Saturday.
Mr. JENCKES. I demand the yeas and
nays. I want to see the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Commerce record his vote in favor
of adjournment.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The amendment was then disagreed to.
The question recurred on the original motion,
that when the House adjourns it adjourn to meet
on Monday next.
The motion- was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the House agreed to adjourn over
till Monday, and to lay that motion on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LEAVE Of ABSENCE.
Mr. STEVENS asked and obtained leave of
absence for his colleague, Mr. Miller, for next
week.
Mr. LATnAM asked and obtained leave of
absence for his colleague, Mr. Hubbakd, for
next week.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the House take
a recess till one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
OBSEQUIES OF SENATOR FOOT*
At one o'clock the House reassembled, and
the members, headed by the Speaker, the Clerk,
and the Sergeant-at-Arms, proceeded to the
Senate Chamber to attend the funei-al services
of Senator Foot; and when they afterward
returned to the Hall,
The SPEAKER declared the House ad-
journed till Monday next.
petition's, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under
the rule ami referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. ALLISON: The petition of Titus Schmid,
and others, brcweis at Dubuque, Iowa, praying that
barley may be imported from Canada tree of duty.
By Mr. CON"KLJJST(jr: The petition of J. S. & M.
Peckham, and others, of XJtica, praying a change of
tax on stoves.
By Mr. COOK: The petition of citizens of La Sallo,
Illinois, praying for a law regulating insurance.
V  
praying lor "United States laws regulating insurance
and insurance eompanies in the States.
By Mr. EGGLKSTON: A petition from the mer-
chants of Cincinnati, Ohio, praying that the excise
tax on Louisiana and Texas sugars be reduced to one
cent per pound, and the tnx on cane molasses bo re-
duced to two cents per gallon.
By Mr. ELDllIUOE: The petition of citizens of
Fonddu Lac, Wisconsin, for duty of ten cents a pound
and ten per cent, ad vahrem on nnwashedand double
that amount on washed imported wool.
By Mr. IiAKT: A petition of the nurserymen of the
county of Monroe, New York, asking that the rev-
enue law be so amended as to place producers of fruit
and ornamental trees on the same footing as to
licenses as producers of garden seeds and agricul-
tural implements.
By Mr, LOXGYEAR: The petition of Charles T.
Gorham. and 450 others, citizens of Calhoun and Jack-
son counties m the State of Michigan, asking for an
extension of the hind grant in aid of the construction
ot a railroad from Amboy by way of Iliilsdaie and
Lansing to Traverse Bay, in the State of Miehigrm.
Also, the petition of John C. Gale, and 6<"> others,
eitizxms of Onondaga, Ingham county, Michigan, ask-
ing an extension of the land grant to aid m the con-
struction of a railroad from Amboy, by way of Hills-
dale and Lansing, to some point on or near Traverse
Bay, in the £>tate ot Michigan. ,
Abo, the memorial of Common Council of Albion
village. Calhoun county, Michigan, for the same
purpose.
Al^o, the memorial of the president and trustees
of Eaton Rapids village, Eaton county, Michigan,
for the tame purpose.
Also, the memorial of the Common Council 01 Lan-
sing city, Michigan, for the same purpose.
Also, the remonstrance of D. L. Crosman, and 21
oth ers, citizens of Ingham county, Michigan, against
any extension of the land grant to the Amboy, Lan-
sing, and Traverse Bay Railroad Company, m the
State of Michigan.
Also, remonstrance of B. T. Weston, and 54 others,
citizens of Ingham county, Michigan, for the same
purpose.
Also, petition of J. C. Frick, and 32 others, citizens
of Michigan, yoking for the establishment of a Bureau
of National Insurance.
By Mr. OKTII: The petition of citizens of Attica,
Indiana, in iclcrcncc to protection of insurance com-
panies.
By Mr. PERU AM: The petition of business men
