1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3625
bill (S. No. 358) granting a pension to Mrs.
Nancy A. Stocks was read the second time and
considered as in Committee of the Whole. Its
purpose is to direct the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to place the name of Mrs. Nancy A. Stocks,
widow of Reuben Stocks, late a private in com-
pany K, eighteenth regiment Illinois infantry
volunteers, on the pension-roll at the rate of
eight dollars per month, to commence -from the
lltli day of June, 1863, and to continue during
her widowhood.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
ABRAHAM LANSING.
On motion of Mr. LANE, of Indiana, the
bill (S. No. 366) granting a pension to Abra-
ham Lansing was read the second time and
considered as in Committee of the "Whole. It
is a direction to the Secretary of the Interior
to place the name of Abraham Lansing, late a
master's mate in the United States Navy, on
the pension-roll at the rate of ten dollars per
month, to commence from the passage of the
bill, and to continue during his natural life ;
the pension to bo paid out of the naval pen-
sion fund.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move to amend the
bill by striking out in the seventh line the word
"bill" and inserting "act."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That cor-
rection will be made.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to "be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
MARY A. PATRICK.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move to take up
for consideration House bill No. 495.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (II.
It. No. 495) for the relief of Mary A. Patrick
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the In-
terior to place the name of Mary A. Patrick,
widow of Matthew A. Patrick, who was a cap-
tain first artillery United States Army, on the
pension-rolls at the rate of twenty dollars per
mouth.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
MARY A. M'MANUS.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move to take up
House bill No. 684.
The motion was agreed to: and the bill (H.
R. No. G84) granting a pension to Mrs. Mary
A. McManus, widow of Captain Andrew Mc-
Manus, late of the sixty-ninth Pennsylvania
volunteer infantry, was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. The Secretary of the
Interior will by its provisions be directed to
cause the name of Mrs. Mary A. McManus,
of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, widow of An-
drew McManus, late a captain of the sixty-
ninth regiment of Pennsylvania infantry vol-
unteers, to be placed on the pension-rolls at
the rate of twenty dollars per month, to con-
tinue during her widowhood, and the pension
is to go to the child or children of Andrew
McManus until they arrive at the age of six-
teen years, in the event of the death or mar-
riage of Mary A. McManus.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
DRUSEY A. LAYMAN.
On motion of Mr. LANE, of Indiana, the
bill (S. No. 376) granting a pension to Drusey
►A. Layman was read the second time and
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
is a direction to the Secretary of the Interior
to place upon the pension-roll the name of
Drusey A. Layman, of Palatine, Marion county,
West Virginia, widow of EugeniusE. Layman,
deceased, late a private in company C, seven-
teenth regiment West Virginia volunteers, at
eight dollars per month from the death of her
husband, on the 13th day of January, in the
j-ear 1805, to continue during her widowhood.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
JOHN PYLE.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move to proceed
to the consideration of Senate bill No. 390.
The motion was agreed to; and bill S. No.
390, granting a pension to John Pyle was read
the second time and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. The Secretary of the
Interior is, under its provisions, to place the
flame of John Pyle, late a sergeant in com-
pany B, one hundred and fifth regiment Indi-
ana militia volunteers, on the pension-roll at
the rate of fifteen dollars per month, and to
continue during his natural life.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, was read
the third time, and passed.
JOEL FARLEY.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move to take up
for consideration House bill No. 704.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 704) for the relief
of Joel Farley. The Secretary of the Interior
is under it to place the name of Joel Farley,
late a private in company F, eleventh Iowa
volunteer- infantry, on the pension-roll, at the
rate of fifteen dollars per month.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
CHARLOTTE E. REED.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move to take up
House bill 702.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (H.
R. No. 702) granting a pension to Mrs. Char-
lotte 13. Reed, was considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It is an authorization to the
Commissioner of Pensions to issue to Mrs.
Charlotte E. Reed, widow of John D. Reed,
late of Falls Church, Fairfax county, Virginia,
a pension certificate, and place her name on
the roll of pensioners, with the pay and under
the conditions and limitations of a widow of a
private of infantry.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. If I understood the
reading the bill says "the Commissioner of
Pensions." I move to strike out " Commis-
sioner of Pensions" and to insert " Secretary
of the Interior."
The amendment was agreed to.
It was ordered that the amendment be en-
grossed, and the bill be read a third time. The
bill was read the third time and passed.
JOHN W. JONES.
On motion of Mr. VAN WINKLE, the Sen-
ate, as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded
to consider the bill (IT. R. No. 700) for the
benefit of John W. Jones. It directs the Sec-
retary of the Interior to place the name of John
W. Jones, late a private in company K, seven-
teenth regiment, Ohio volunteer infantry, on
the pension-roll, and pay him a pension at the
rate now allowed by law to pensioners who
have suffered the loss of the right arm ; and if
the pension allowed to that class of pensioners
should herea'fter be changed by law, he is
thereafter to be paid a pension according to
such change.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
JAMES L. PEKUAM.
On motion of Mr. VAN WINKLE, the Sen-
ate, as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded
to consider the bill (H. R. No. 699) for the
relief of James L. Perham. The Secretary of
the Interior is directed by the bill to pay to
James L. Perham, late of company G-, tenth
regiment Maine volunteers, a pension at the
rate of eight dollars per month, from February
4, 1863, to November 17, 1864, amounting to
$171 36. " j
The bill was reported to the Senate without I
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
LIEUTENANT COLONEL PRANK LYNCH.
On motion of Mr. VAN WINKLfi, the Sen-
ate, as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded
to consider the bill (H. R. No. 703) for the
relief of Lieutenant Colonel Frank Lynch. It
directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
the name of Frank Lynch, late of the twenty-
seventh regiment Ohio volunteer infantry, on
the pension-rolls, at the rate of pension al-
lowed to a lieutenant colonel, to which rank
he was commissioned, and pay to him at that
rate in lieu of any other pension to which he
may have been entitled.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a-third reading,'read the third time, and
passed.
MRS. MERCIE E. SCATTERGOOD.
On motion of Mr. VAN WINKLE the Sen-
ate, as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded
to consider the bill (H. R. No. 698) granting
an increase of pension to Mrs. Mercie E. Seat-
tergood. The Secretary of the Interior is
directed by the bill to cause the name of Mrs.
Mercie E. Scattergood, widow of Edward Scat-
tergood, to be placed on the roll of naval pen-
sioners, at the rate of fifteen dollars per month,
to continue during her widowhood, and to be
continued to the children of Edward Scatter-
good who are under sixteen years of age in the
event of her death or marriage; the pension,
thus granted to be in lieu of that now received
by her.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
W. B. KELLEY.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No. 398.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 398) for the relief of W. B. Kelley was read
the second time and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It directs the Secretary
of the Interior to pay to W. B. Kelley, late a
second lieutenant in company F, first regiment
Kentucky cavalry volunteers, a pension at the,
rate of fifteen dollars per month, from the 31st,
of July, 1863, to March 13, 1865, amounting to
$291 50.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
CHILDREN OF SALVADOR ACCARDI.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of House
bill No. 742.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 742) for the relief
of the minor children of Salvador Accadi, de-
ceased. The bill proposes to direct the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place the names of
Adrian J. P. Accadi and Lavinia M. E. Ac-
cadi, minor children of the late Salvador Accadi,
a musician in the United States Navy, on the
pension rolls, and to pay, out of the naval pen-
sion fund, a pension of eight dollars per month
to their legally appointed guardian, until the
youngest of the children shall attain the age
of sixteen years. This act is to take effect
from the 1st day of January, 1864.
The Committee on Pensions reported an
amendment to the bill, which was in lines
four, five, and six, to strike out the name
"Accadi" and insert "Accardi."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendment be
engrossed and the bill read the third time.
The bill was' read the third time and passed.
Its title was amended so as to read, "A bill
for the relief of the minor children of Salvador
Accardi, deceased."
SAMANTHA RADER.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move that the
