642
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5
Bradley. A full investigation of this matter
lot! the committee to which it was referred to !
the conclusion that this bill ought to pass. It j
provides that the proper accounting officer of !
the Treasury shall relieve this paymaster from j
accounting for such portion of the money as lie;
does not find. The report of the facts also
shows that he is a man who has been long in
the employ of the Government, and has been a
most faithful and reliable officer in all positions
in which ho has been placed. I hope, there-
fore, that the bill will be passed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I "would" like to ask the
Senator from Nevada if the paymaster did not
appoint this clerk who seems to have been in
collusion with the robber.
Mr. NYE. No, sir; he was a boy that Com-
mander Paulding sent to assist him from a ship
lying in the harbor.
Mr. SHERMAN. This clerk, then, was not
appointed by the paymaster?
Mr. NYE. No, sir; he was sent to him from
the receiving ship in the harbor.
Mr. SHERMAN. Had ho any power or con-
trol over him ?
Mr. NYE. No, sir; ho was a mere servant.
Mr. NESMITH. I will ask the Senator from
Nevada if there is a printed report in this case.
-Mr. NYE. There is a very full report ac-
companying the bill. I have staled the sub-
si ance of it. 1 will slate to the Senators from
Ohio and Oregon that this is a case where there
is clearly not the least blame to be attached to
the paymaster. It was fully investigated before
the Committee 011 Naval Affairs. The charac-
ter of the man is certified to by various other
persons as being of the highest probity.
Mr. HOWARD. I understand from the Sen-
ator from Nevada that this money was lost by
the fleet paymaster without any fault of his own ;
that his safe was entered by a robber and his
money taken away, and that he has recovered
only a small portion of it, since the robbery was
committed. I have not read the whole report
of ihe ea^-e, but from what 1 have road, it seems
to me it is a case in which relief ought to be
granted.
Mr. NESMITH. [ have not yet obtained the
report, and 1 would prefer that the bill should
lie over until time can be had to make an ex-
amination of it. 1 know that at the lart session
of Congress a similar bill was passed here, and
it si ruck mo at the time that it was opening a
very wide door for frauds to reimburse men who
had lost, money and were legally responsible for
tin* custody of it. While I havenotmadeupmy
mind on Ihisbill, I prefer that it should lie over
until 1 can have an opportunity to examine it
more, paiticularly.
Mr. NYE. 1 will state that on the morning
the money was lost Mr. Rittenhouse immedi-
ately reported the fact to Commander Paulding,
the senior ollicer upon that station, who, on that
very day. convened a board of inquiry to ex-
amine into die matter, and thev made a most
thorough and peifect examination. On the very
day lhal, the money was ascertained to be lost,
the paymaster himself issued a reward of So, 000
for its recovery. The report likewise shows
that ho immediately started a man for Califor-
nia, where this boy said the robber had gone, at
his own expense, to arrest the principal in the
robbery. 1 understand that he has not been
able to make thcarrcst; but from all the investi-
gation of the Department itself, and from all
the papers contained in this repoil, it is a case
where there could nothave been the least possi-
ble fault in the paymaster. He used all the
means for keeping this money that the Govern-
ment furnished him with. The impression of
the key was taken unbeknown to liim. In that
wav this loss occurred, hive thousand two hun-
dred and sixty dollars of the money has been
recovered.
Mr. CO WAN. Does this bill come from the
Committee 011 Claims?
Mr. NIE.^ It comes from the Committee
011 „\aval Allah's, who have investigated it and
reported unanimously in favor of it. If the
Senator desires further examination, I cannot
see any neee^s'ty for it.
Mr. COWAN. Other cases of this kind have
always been considered by the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. GRIMES. There is no controversy as
to the facts of this case. There is no doubt
that the money was lost, and there is no doubt
that it was lost without any dereliction, mal-
feasance, nonfeasance, or misfeasance on the
part of Paymaster Rittenhouse. A board was
immediately authorized by the commanding
officer at that station to investigate the subject,
a mixed board, composed of naval officers of
the line and of the staff, and the chief of police
at Panama, and they have thus reported. Since
that report was made, a part of the money has
been discovered where it was secreted, going
to confirm the correctness of the conclusion to
which this mixed board arrived. Paymaster
Rittenhouse used all the means for the safety
of the money intrusted to him that it was pos-
sible for him to use. It seems to me there
could not be a clearer case.
The Senator from Ohio seemed to be under
a misapprehension in supposing that it was the
clerk of the paymaster who was in collusion
with the robbers. If so, that would be a strong
point againstPaymaster Rittenhouse; but it was
notthe clerk, it was a watchman, a man-who had
been detailed from one of the ships in the harbor,
belonging to the crew of the vessel, to serve in
the capacity of watchman at the headquarters
on shore, and the testimony goes to show that
he was rather a simple-minded young man. If
there was anything improper or any neglect on
the part of Paymaster Rittenhouse, it was that
when he discovered that this young man was
not a very smart and intelligent lad, he did not
apply to the commander of the vessel to have
him discharged: but 1 do not know that ho
reached the conclusion that 1 have, that he was
not an intelligent lad. It seems to me that
there could not lie a more equitable case pre-
sented for the consideration of Congress than
this.
Mr. COWAN. My objection is that it is
simply equitable. It is perfectly clear there is
110 legal obligation resting on the Government
to pay claims of this kind, and it seems to me
to be a very doubtful policy for us now to adopt
to pay equitable claims when we are refusing
legal claims by the million. Why should we?
What, more merit has one of these officers who
has been robbed ill this way than those people
whose property has been swept away in battle
for the life of the Republic? They cannot bo
paid. 1 understand the Departments now re-
fuse to recognize any claim unless it is based
upon a contract, whereas other claims where
property has been taken for public use have
just as much legal force and validity if it was
taken in an emergency as if it was taken upon a
contract, and if we cannot pay legal contracts
1 think we ought to hesitate a good while be-
fore paying these equitable claims.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, f think the princi-
ple upon which our legislation has proceeded
heretofore in such cases lias been about this:
the Government has leimbnrsed two or three
disbursing officers for losses by fire and cap-
tures by the enemy. in 110 other eases, I think,
have the Government reimbursed these losses
by their disbursing agents. At the last session
of Congress there was a case presented from
the State of New York whete a paymaster, in
receiving money from the teller of a bank, was
robbed at the counter of the bank, and there
was very great uncertainty in the proof as to
whether the money had ever passed or not.
That is the only ease tliatl remember in which
a law has been passed similar to the one now
asked for. There it, was very doubtful; and
the preponderance of proof seemed to be that
the money had never passed into the hand of
the paymaster. The moment the money, or
draft, or requisition passes into his hands, it
becomes his money, and its proper disburse-
ment is secured by bonds that are taken by the
Government. If we establish the precedent
here of making good the loss to this man for i
stolen property, it may have the effect to lessen !
the vigilance of these officers in the custody of I
public property. I know nothing of this case,
and of course take the facts precisely as re-
ported, that this paymaster was robbed without
any fault on his part, and that he is an honest
and faithful officer; butgranting all these things,
I think the Government, cannot step in and be-
come the guarantor for the safe custody ofmoney
in the hands of its disbursing agents.
A few days since a much stronger case than
this was presented from the pension agent in
the city of New York, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions. In that case he claimed
that he was robbed; he pursued the robber to
Albany, and upon full proof had him convicted
and sent to the penitentiary for five years ; but
we supposed, the money being his own the mo-
ment it was drawn, and not belonging to the
Government, that he, like every other individ-
ual, was responsible for his own losses. The
Senate will perceive very readily that although
this case may be perfectly honest in every feat-
ure of it, still if you adopt the principle of mak-
ing good to the loser all such losses, you may
invite collusion between an unfaithful officer
and dishonest accomplices. I do not believe
that such legislation should be entered upon at
this time. „
Mr. CLARK. This is not new legislation,
as the Senator from Indiana supposes.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. It is during my
experience, siqce I have been in the Senate.
Mr. CLAT1K. I cannot undertake to account
for the Senator's experience, but it is not new
to many of us here, and certainly not new in
the experience of the Committee on Claims.
The paymaster is the Government's officer.
The Government intrust to him the funds of
the Government for a specific purpose, and all
that has been required of the paymaster is, to
guard the money faithfully with the means that
are placed at his disposal, and to see it cor-
rectly disbursed. It has been the practice of
tlio Government, where an officer of that kind
has been robbed or has lost money without any
fault of liis own, and the Government are sat-
isfied there is 110 collusion and lie has done
everything that he could do to protect and keep
the money safely, to reimburse him and relieve
him from the obligation. It is not understood
to be his money, so that he is liable at all haz-
ards. It is very true, the Government may not
relieve him unless they choose; but you will
recollect, Mr. President, and the Senator from
Indiana, I think, will recolleet, that we relieved
all the paymasters in the case of a steamer
where the money was burned.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Certainly, I said so.
Mr. C LARK. But in that case the money
was just as much the money of the paymasters
as in this case. It had passed into the hands
of the paymaster; and if they are to be charged
with the money as their own money, there
should have been no more relief in that case
than in this. If they misappropriate the money,
they are liable to punishment. But there is,
as the Senator supposes, danger of collusion,
'fake the very case in hand. Suppose that this
paymaster if he had chosen, or if it was in his
mind so to do. had colluded with this watchman
to take an impression of that key and give it
to a third man to steal that money for a con-
sideration to him.
Mr. KIRK WO pD. Will the Senator allow
me to ask a question right here?
Mr. CLARK. Certainly.
Mr. KIltKWOOD. Is there any evidence
showing how ihe impression of the key was
procured ?
Mr. NYE. Yes, sir ; the boy says the pay-
master gave hint the bunch of keys to get some-
thing from a chest in an adjoining room, and
then he took an'impression of the key with
paper.
Mr. CLARK. I cannot say what the facts
arc in this case, because it is a ease 1 have
not examined. I am speaking as to the prin-
ciples which govern this case. There is some-
times great difficulty in ascertaining whether
the officer has not colluded with the person
committing the robbery, and hence it becomes
very necessary for the committee to examine
