2666
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
build this bridge at Winona, and the State has
refused to give her assent. Whether she has
acted wisely or not it is not for me to say. It
certainly is not for me to say that she has acted
unwisely. I am bound to suppose that her
own Legislature knows her own interests and
is truly subserving those interests. But the
friends of this project insist upon it that it is
of great service to the State of Wisconsin to
have that traffic which they say is coming to
the Mississippi from the West carried through
the State of Wisconsin. If it is, Wisconsin
knows it, and if it is, Wisconsin will consent to
have the river bridged. But I must conceive
that the State of Wisconsin knows better where
she wants the bridge than I can know, and I
think it is not unreasonable to suppose that
she knows better than this Senate. If she
wants that commerce enough to allow the
bridge to be built at Winona, then the com-
pany owning the road on the other side have
only to say, "We will not cross the river any-
where else," and Wisconsin will have the
privilege of taking the traffic over the river at"
that point or not taking it at all.
I do not see anything unfair or unreasonable
in this. Hitherto the State of Wisconsin has
refused her assent to the building of a bridge
at Winona, and now this very grave and serious
question is presented to the Senate: will you
compel the State of Wisconsin to consent to
the building of a bridge at that point against
her protest? I have heard it argued very
gravely here, and insisted upon repeatedly,
that Congress cannot impose any such obliga-
tion upon a State or any such burden upon a
State; that it is absolutely beyond the consti-
tutional power of Congress to authorize the
building of a highway within the State, whether
a bridge or a railroad, against the assent of the
State. Here the State refuses, has refused, her
consent. I really hope the Senate will not
compel the State to give her consent. She has
just as much interest in having this traffic pass
through her borders, perhaps, as Minnesota
has in sending it through. 1 do not doubt but
that the two Legislatuz-es can agree as to the
point where the bridge shall be built; but I do
think it is just as fair that Wisconsin should be
consulted about it as that Minnesota should be
allowed to dictate the point, and I hope the
Senate will give her that privilege.
Mr. NORTON. Mr. President, the State of
Minnesota certainly has no disposition to dic-
tate to the State of Wisconsin upon this sub-
ject, or upon any other; and at the same time
that she has no such disposition, she is cer-
tainly not disposed to allow the State of Wis-
consin to dictate to her what shall be the system
of railroads within her State. The road built
by this Winona and St. Peter's Railroad Com-
pany is one of the land-grant roads built in
pursuance of and in carrying out the general
railroad system of Minnesota. The proposition
of the Senator from Wisconsin is to con,pel
Minnesota to change that railroad system and
construct a road some forty miles to make an
eastern connection which she can make in
twenty-seven and a half miles. Neither the
the people of the city of Winona, nor this com-
pany, nor the State of Minnesota has any sort
of objection to the construction of a bridge at
La Crosse whenever the railroads at that point
or the State of Wisconsin shall want it. We
are entirely willing that they shall construct a
bridge there, and we think that it is not asking
too much that the State of Wisconsin should
consent to the construction of this bridge at
Winona.
As I said before, there is no railroad com-
pany in Minnesota authorized to construct a
road from Winona to La Crosse on the west
side of the river. There is a road through
southern Minnesota touching the river opposite
La Crosse. That is a land-grant road, and one
being constructed in pursuance of the general
railroad system of the State. The company
constructing the road touching at Winona have
authority from the State of Wisconsin to con-
struct a road on the east side of the river a dis-
tance of twenty-seven and forty-seven one hun-
dredths miles to a point on the Milwaukee and
La Crosse road. Now if we should be com-
pelled in Minnesota to construct a road on the
west side of the river and cross at La Crosse
we should be required to construct a road fif-
teen miles longer to reach the same point on
the east side of the river, and at a cost estimated
from surveys on the west side of the river of
something nearly three quarters of a million
dollars more than the cost tf a road on the east
side connecting at the same point with the
Milwaukee and La Crosse road. It is true the
road on the east side of the river is not yet
constructed, but it is in process of construc-
tion, and I am assured will be constructed this
summer. This company desire the privilege
of building the bridge, so that by the time the
road is constructed, or nearly by that time, the
bridge may be completed and afford a contin-
uous connection and communication with the
lakes.
The Senator says that Wisconsin has refused
to consent to the construction of this bridge.
The Senator will allow me to say that he is
misinformed. The truth is, that late in the
session of the Legislature of Wisconsin appli-
cation was made for the consent of that State
to construct this bridge, that the bill in the
House passed through the Committee of the
Whole, but owing to the pressure of business,
it being near the end of the session, it was not
reached and was not acted upon, and in point
of fact there was no refusal on the part of the
Legislature of Wisconsin to consent to the con-
struction of this bridge.
Now, I think I can explain to the Senate in
a very Tew words the precise condition of this
matter. La Crosse lies some forty miles below
Winona. It is the terminus of the Milwaukee
and La Crosse road on the east and of the South-
ern Minnesota railroad on the west side of the
river. Winona is the terminus of the Winona
and St. Peter's road on the west side and the
terminus of the La Crosse, Trempealeau, and
Prescott road on the east side of the river. I
am informed, and I have had an opportunity
to know something myself in regard to the fact,
that the only interest in the State of Wisconsin
that opposes the construction of this bridge at
Winona is the local influence of the city of La
Crosse. We are entirely willing that that local
interest shall be subserved so far as it may be
by the construction of a bridge at that point;
and all we ask of them is that they will not
object to the construction of this bridge at the
city of Winona, which is certainly quite as
much required and demanded by the business
and commercial interests of the two States as
is the construction of a bridge at La Crosse. I
hope that the Senate will not, by the adoption
of this amendment, place this matter in the
position that it would be in of continuing a con-
test between those two States which mnst inev-
itably result in the failure to construct any bridge
at all.
Mr. RAMSEY. I understand my colleague
is willing to accept this bill with an amendment
making it subject to the assent of the State of
Wisconsin.
Mr. NORTON. Certainly; I have no objec-
tion to that. I do not understand the Senator
from Wisconsin as urging that, but that it should
be left to the States to choose between these two
points. If the Senator from Wisconsin will
propose an amendment requiring this company
to obtain the assent of the Legislature of Wis-
consin to the construction of this bridge at
Winona I shall not object to it; but I do object
to his leaving it in the alternative, for the Le-
gislature to select one of these two points. If
the Senator will propose an amendment to au-
thorize the construction of both these bridges
I have no objection to its being put on this bill,
or I will favor a bill providing for the construc-
tion of a bridge at La Crosse.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, that would be
partial justice, but not complete. The Seuator
from Minnesota says, that while he does not
wish to dictate to the State of Wisconsin where
bridges shall be built across this river, he does
not wish the State of Wisconsin to dictate to
the State of Minnesota her railroad system.
"We do not propose any such thing. When he
crosses the thread of the Mississippi river he
is in Wisconsin with his railroads, and not in
the State of Minnesota. Wfiile they are con-
structing railroads and bridges in the State of
Minnesota, of course they can take the direc-
tion of their own Legislature; but when they
come into the State of Wisconsin, we think the
State of Wisconsin ought to be consulted. So
much for that point.
But the Senator says that he is willing, if I
will propose such an amendment, to allow this
bill to be amended so as that it shall not be
operative except upon the consent of the Le-
gislature of the State of Wisconsin. I say that
is partial justice, not complete, because then
Congress says to the State of Wisconsin, "If
you want that traffic to come through your
State, and consent to the building of that bridge
at Winona, you can take it, not otherwise." I
ask Congress to say to the two States, "You
may have the choice of allowing the river to be
bridged at cither of the two points." The bridge
cannot be built at La Crosse without the con-
sent of the State of Minnesota; it cannot be
built at Winona without the consent of the State
of Wisconsin. Both States are put upon an
equal footing, and have equal authority over
the question. Nothing can possibly be fairer
than that, and then Congress does not coerce
either of the States.
My friend from Minnesota says that this is
a controversy between the cities of La Crosse
and Winona. Not at all. If it be so, I do
not represent La Crosse here in^ the contro-
versy ; I represent the State of Wisconsin. I
only know—and I cannot concede that I am
mistaken on the point—that the State of Wis-
consin has hitherto refused to allow this bridge
to be built at Winona; has refused to consent
to it. The Senator says it was by reason of
want of time.
Mr. NORTON. I will inquire of the Sen-
ator if he is informed that the Legislature
of Wisconsin acted upon the proposition and
refused to adopt it.
Mr. HOWE. No, sir. I am not informed
that they rejected any such bill, but I am in-
formed that they refused to assent to any such
bill.
Air. NORTON. Did they act upon the bill
at all? Did they consider it?
Mr. IIOWE. I understand they did con-
sider it through the whole winter. I under-
stand there was an active lobby there.
Mr. NORTON. If the Senator will allow
me, I think he will find that he is mistaken.
His information is as to an amendment of the
charter of the La Crosse, Trempealeau, and
Prescott Railroad Company. An amendment
to that charter was the matter which was pro-
tracted there, but this subject was not acted
upon.
Mr. HOWE. I make no affidavits here. I
only state what is reported to me. I under-
stand there was a lobby in attendance upon the
Legislature during most of the session urging
this project.
Mr. NORTON. Not upon this subject; it
was upon the other.
Mr. HOWE. So I am informed. The Sen-
ator may be more correct than myself. The
fact is—there is no denial of that—that Wis-
consin has not assented to the building of this
bridge.
Mr. NORTON. That is true; she has not.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator says that he is
perfectly willing that a bridge shall be built at
La Crosse, if they can have a bridge at Winona.
That_would put the commerce, up and down
the river, to the necessity of encountering two
bridges within thirty miles of each other.
Mr. NORTON. Forty.
Mr. HOWE. My friend says it is forty. I
will not say that it is not forty miles by the
course of the river, but, as I find by the map,
Winona is just about two townships due north
of the latitude of La Crosse.
Mr. RAMSEY. And just as many west.
Mr. HOWE. But La Crosse is about three
