3626
THE COJSTGrEESSIOJSTAL GLOBE.
July 6,
v 7
Semite proceed to the consideration of House
bill No. 739.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
R. No. 739) for the relief of Lemantha Rader
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The Secretary of the Interior is directed by
the bill to place the name of Lemantha Rader,
widow of John Rader, late a private in com-
pany K, seventeenth regiment Ohio infantry,
on the list of pensioners, and pay her the sum
of eight dollars per month daring her widow-
hood ; and in the event of her marriage or
death, then to the minor child or children of
John Rader, subject to the limitations and re-
strictions of the pension laws.
The Committee on Pensions reported thebill
with an amendment, in lines four and nine, to
strike out the word "Lemantha" and to insert
" Samantha."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That cor-
rection in the name will be made if there be no
objection.
Thebill was reported to the Senate as amended
and the amendment was concurred in. The
amendment was ordered to be engrossed, and
the bill to be read a third time. The bill was
read the third time and passed, and its title
was amended so as to read, "A bill for the
relief of Samantha Rader."
udgar t. harris.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move now to pro-
ceed to the consideration of House joint reso-
lution No. 170.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint
resolution (II. R. No. 179) for the relief of
Edgar T. Harris was considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It provides for placing the
name of Edgar T. Harris, of the first West
Virginia infantry, upon the list of pensioners,
at such a rate of pension as the laws allow for
full and permanent disability.
The joiutresolution was reported to (he Sen-
ate, ordered to a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
george w. 11usii.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move now to
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
705.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (11. 11. No. 705) for the relief
of George W. Bush. It directs the Secretary
of the Interior to pay to George W. Bush, of'
the city and county of New York, late a ser-
geant in company G, ninetieth regiment New
York volunteers, a pension of eight dollars per
month from August, 29,18G3, to March 3,1865.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
sirs. emekanch gouler.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move now to take
up House bill No. 743.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
R. No. 743) amendatory of an act-entitled
"An act granting a pension to Mrs. Emeranee
Gouler," was considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It proposes to amend an act ap-
proved April 18, 18GG, granting a pension to
Mrs. Emeranco Gouler, so as to continue the
pension granted to Mrs. Gouler, in the event
of her death or remarriage, to her minor chil-
dren' under the age of sixteen years, had by her
late husband. Charles Gouler, a private of
company F, ninth New Hampshire volunteers.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
matilda j. monroe.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move now to take
up House bill No. 740.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
R. No. 740) for the relief of Matilda J. Mon-
roe was considered by the Senate as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. The Secretary of the
Interior is directed by the bill to place the name
of Matilda J. Monroe, widow of David B. Mon-
roe, late a sergeant in company A, sixty-second
Ohio volunteers, on the pension-rolls at the
rate of eight dollars per month, and continue
during her widowhood, commencing on the 16th
of March, 18G3, and in the event of her death
or remarriage, then to the minor children of
David B. Monroe, subject to the limitations
and restrictions of the pension laws.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
jonathan w. beach.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move to proceed
to the consideration of House bill No. 741.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (II.
R. No. 741) granting pension to Jonathan W.
Beach, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It provides for placing upon the pen-
sion-rolls the name of Jonathan W. Beach at
twenty-five per month during his blindness.
The Committee on Pensions reported an
amendment to the bill, in line six, after the
words "twenty-five" to insert "dollars."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended and the amendment was concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendment be
engrossed and the bill read a third time. The
bill was read the third time and passed.
saraii bacon.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move to take up
Senate bill No. 403, which was reported ad-
versely.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 403)to place the name
of Sarah Bacon on the pension-list.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move the indefi-
nite postponement of that bill.
The motion was agreed to.
widows' and orphans' pensions.
Mr. VAN WINKLE: I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. G92, increasing the pensions of widows and
orphans, and for other purposes.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill.
The_ first section proposes to extend the
provisions of the pension laws so as to include
provost marshals, deputy provost marshals, and
enrolling officers, who have been killed or
wounded in the discharge of their duties j and
for the purpose of determining the amount of
pension to which such persons and their de-
pendents shall be entitled, provost marshals are
to be ranked as captains, deputy provost mar-
shals as first lieutenants, and enrolling officers
as second lieutenants.
The second section provides that the pensions
to widows bf deceased soldiers and sailors^ hav-
ing children by such deceased soldiers or sail-
ors, shall bo increased at the rate of two dollars
per month for each child of such soldier or sailor
under the age of sixteen years ; and in all cases
in which there shall be more than one child
of any deceased soldier or sailor leaving no
widow, the pension granted to such children
under sixteen years of age by existing laws
shall bo increased to the same amount per
month that would be allowed under this pro-
vision to the widow if living and entitled to a
pension; but in no case is more than one pen-
sion to be allowed to the same person.
The Committee on Pensions proposed to
amend the bill by inserting after the word
"widow," in line seven of section two, the
words "or where his widow has died or mar-
ried again."
Mr. VAN WINKLE. By instruction of the
committee I move to amend that amendment
by adding to it these words, " or where she
has been deprived of her pension under the
provisions of section eleven of an act entitled
'An act supplementary to the several acts re-
lating to pensions,' approved June 6, 1866."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to, and the amendment, as amended,
was adopted. '
The next amendment of the committee was
to add as an additional section:
And be it further enacted, That the provisions of
an act entitled "Ail act to grant pensions," approved
July 14,1862, and of the acts supplementary thereto
and amendatory thereof, are hereby, so far as appli-
cable, extended to the pensioners under previous
laws, except revolutionary pensioners.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and the
amendments were concurred in. It was or-
dered that the amendments be engrossed and
the bill read a third time. The bill was read
the third time and passed.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, July 0, 1806.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
indian appropriation bill.
On motion of Mr. KASSON, by unanimous
consent, the Indian appropriation bill, with the
amendments of the Senate thereto, was taken
from the Speaker's table, referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and the bill with the
amendments was ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask that by unanimous
consent the morning hour of to-day be dis-
pensed with.
Mr. McKEE. I object.
personal explanation.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the House to grant
me a few moments for personal explanation.
I will not occupy more than a few moments.
No objection was made.
Mr. STEVENS. On looking at the Globe
now a week or two old, I observe some re-
marks m^de in my absence relative to my views
of secession, which perhaps ought not to pass
without comment lest in future they might be
taken as true.
The gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Har-
ris,] with a boldness which showed greatmoral
courage, whatever may be thought of its pru-
dence, avowed himself the advocate of se-
cession, and defended those who through it
attempted to dissolve the Union. This was no
new doctrine. It was held by the whole slave-
holding South before the rebellion, and was
sustained by their northern allies. But it has
become less respectable since they were sub-
dued ; and theit northern friends, now turning
upon those in misfortune, choose here to dis-
claim the doctrine and to disavow the respon-
sibility of the principles of their more candid,
sincere, and brave colleagues. While repudi-
ating it, they thought to divide the odium by
attributing the same doctrine to certain Repub-
licans. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Le
Blond] said it was the same doctrine held
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Stevens.] The distinguished gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] with great clear-
ness and truth, immediately corrected his error,
for which I thank him. I had so often-defined
my position on this point that I had hoped
that no one was so stupid as to misunderstand
it, or so unprincipled as to misrepresent it. I
was mistaken; and again, I think for the fifth
time, will restate it.
I ask any gentleman who doubts to examine
every word I have ever uttered on this ques-
tion, and I challenge him to point out a single
word to sustain the gentleman's assertion. I«
have always denied the right of secession, and
denounced it as the highest crime known to the
law. Secession means a withdrawal, a separa-
tion from the Government of the Union while
such secession exists. I have held, and still
hold, that the belligerent called the confeder-
ate States of America did commit this crime
of secession ; did for some four years separate
and divide themselves from the Government
of-the United States, and established and main-
