1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
that portion of the case very strictly. I do not
know what has been done in this case. I do
not know whether this man kept his safe where
he ought to have kept it, or whether he kept it
in (ho best place with the utmost care.
Mr. (HUMES. I will state that in this ease
th^ paymaster was required by order of th e Navy
Department to keep his headquarters at Pan-
ama. The headquarters building was furnished
to him. This safe itself was furnished to him,
and (he mail who was required to protect it as
a guard was furnished to him by the Govern-
ment.
Mr. CLARK. I am only speaking of the
necessity of very great carefulness in examining
testimony ou a point of that kind. _ I have in
my mind now a case similar to this where an
officer in our Army during the war with Mexico
had liis sale broken open, and he was finally
relieved by the Government. It did not appear
at first that he had used all the diligence and
care that he ought to have done in keeping his
safe, but filially the Government relieved him.
There are numerous such cases. If the com-
mittee are satisfied that the man kept the money
with all the care that could be required of him,
and it was lost without any fault of his, then in
my judgment the G overnmeiit should reimburse
him.
Mr. WILSON. It may be that this bill is all
right; but even if it be right, I-do not intend to
vote for it. I believe that if it be right and if we
pass it. a great deal of wrong will follow after it,
and it will lie used for that purpose. I think that
we had better wait until we have Ihegreater por-
tion of our paymasters' accounts settled and have
them discharged before passing such a measure
as this. I remember that a year or two ago
a paymaster at New Orleans professed to have
lost a largo amount of money. The robbery was
charged upon a black man. He was arrested and
tortured until he made a confession. That pay-
master came to this city, and came to me with
his papers, asking that we should pass a bill to
reimburse him. I told him that whether his
case was good or not, he must wait until the
war was over : that we had better not, as a mat-
ter of policy, enter upon any of these payments
now. or the effect would be to make the officers
careless and dishonest, and make them collude
with others, and the Government would lose
thousands of dollars by it, and 1 should vote
for no case whatever while the war lasted. He
went away, and within one '■.voile was arrested,
imprisoned in this city for robbing himself was
tried, convicted, and is now in the penitentiary.
The poorman that he tortured until he made him
make a confession to avoid further punishment
was sent to the Dry Tortugas.
That is the case of one paymaster, and we
do not know how many others may collude with
dishonest persons. This man can wait. Let
this claim and all others ol the same kind lie
over until we discharge most of the paymasters,
who have had over a thousand million dollars
intrusted to them in the Army, and which they
have paid out, and they close up their accounts.
Some of us feared that many paymasters would
never be able to make up their accounts^ and
the Government would lose millions of dollars.
We lost in the war of 1812 over two million
dollars by paymasters. In this war, although
we have paid out over a thousand million dol-
lars to the Army, tlio report of the Paymaster
General shows that, we have not lost more than
a quarter million dollars. I think we ought to
hold paymasters to a rigid accountability for
the money placed in their hands. We ought not,
at auv rate, to be in any hurry to relieve any
man " It mav be an inconvenience to him; but
I believe if we pass this bill,-although it may be
equitable, it will drag along with it many dis-
honest cases, and may induce men hereafter to
rob themselves, or collude with others, or do
some dishonest thing. I think this matter had
better lie over for tlic public good. I shall vote
asaiust it. « . p
"Mr. JOHXS01N". I know nothing of the tacts
of this claim; but assuming the facts to be as
stated by the honorable member Irom .Nevada,
with due respcct to my friend from Massachu-
setts, it appears to me to be a clear ease as
against the Government. These officers are but
the agents of the United States ; they have in
their hands the money of the United States;
and their whole obligation is to take all reason-
able or all possible care of the money. There
can be nothing clearer than that, as I think;
and if we become satisfied in any individual
case that all care has been taken, then it seems
to me to follow, upon the principle of justice
recognized everywhere, that the officer should
be indemnified. There is no distinction be-
tween the agent of an individual principal and
ail agent of the Government as the principal.
In each case the agent is not to suffer from con-
ducting properly and honestly and with sufficient
care the business of his principal. The doc-
trine laid down by the honorable member from
Massachusetts, if pushed to its extent, would be
pregnant with very great, mischief. The Secre-
tary of the Treasury has the custody of the
money of the Government. 'The Treasurer ot
the United States has it, perhaps, more imme-
diately in his own hand. The two together have
the custody of the whole treasure of the Gov-
ernment. Suppose a man breaks into the Treas-
ury Department and robs the Treasury of bonds
or"of money. Will the honorable member say
that the Secretary of the Treasury or the Treas-
urer is to bear the loss? I should think not.
Why not? Only because m a case of that de-
scription it would be admitted that both these
officers had acted fairly, with proper diligence,
with proper care : and if it would be right, if
such a case should occur, as to them, that they
should be indemnified, why is it not right in
relation to a paymaster?
It seems to me, so far from this principle
being pregnant with mischief in the end, that
the inexorable rules which lliehonorable mem-
ber proposes should be adopted would be fol-
lowed by mischievous consequences. You will
not bo able to get an honest man, perhaps, to
take this office if, after using all possible dili-
gence and he is robbed, he is to be ruined abso-
lutely. Some knave will be anxious to get it,
win) does not care whether he is ruined or not,
who may pocket the money, and who may at-
tempt to satisfy the Congress of the United
States that he has been robbed, when, in point
of fact, he has not. But in the case of an hon-
est paymaster—and this man is supposed to be
honest—nobody can infer that when he states
that he has been robbed he has not been
robbed, but still has the money. I understand
the committee say every possible diligence was
taken that could be taken. I submit it is a
clear obligation on the part of the United Slates
to indemnify the officer.
Mr. CLA'iilv. Mr. President 
Several Se.naious. Let the bill go over.
Mr. CLAIIK. I have no objection to the
consideration of this case being postponed, but
1 want to make a suggestion or two in answer
to what was said by the S'enator from Massa-
chusetts, that a man who has a claim against
the Government must. wait, or may wait, and that
he would not vote for tins claim cicn if he
believed it to be right. I understand him to put
it upon that ground. I want the Senate to con-
sider for a moment what that ground is. 'Take
the case of a man who is admitted to have an
honest claim against the Government, a claim
which the Government ought to pay. The Sen-
ator says let it go over. jSow, [ submit to taic
Senate that if the Government ought to pay it,
it ought to pay it now, and the obligation to pay
it now is as strong as it is to pay it at all, and
it is as much bound to do it. 1 he Government
is strong; the Government has the means ot
discharging the obligation, and ^perhaps this
poor man, or some other poor claimant, isTCry
much embarrassed and suffers great liarusliip
and wrong by the delay of the Government.
What I insist upon is, that you should examine
the claim, and if you are convinced it is merit-
orious, you should pay it; if it is not^ merit-
orious, reject it; but do not postpone tiie man
from term to term until weary with coming here
he gives up in despair and leaves-you to enjoy
what you o.ujjht to pay, him. Why, sir, this is
but repudiation in the beginning. If any mer-
chant or any honorable man should so conduct
himself with claims against him, and, admitting
them to be honestly due, should postpone them
from time to time, he would most assuredly lose
his credit, as he would deserve to do. The
difficulties may be thick around this Govern-
ment and its responsibilities large, but I am for
meeting them now as far as we can and look-
ing them in the face, and adjudicating upon
, them, without postponing them.
I have no objection to this bill going over
for further consideration. I have no objection
to every Senator examining the claim from the
beginning to the end with the most scrutinizing
care. I would, in a case like this, require very
thorough evidence. I would require evidence
that the paymaster was a man of such high
character that he could not be believed to be
concerned in an operation of this kind. I ad-
mit that eases may arise such as have been
mentioned by the Senator from Massachusetts,
but that does not disturb the great principle Unit
when you come to the conclusion a man ought
to bo "paid, you should pay him. It is no an-
swer to me when 1 have a claim,"that 1> had
a dishonest one which the Government paid.
The question is about my claim, whether that
should be paid; and if 1 establish a good claim
against the Government, they should not claim
to relieve themselves by saying that B had a
dishonest one. I know there are many men
who would sponge on the Go\ eminent. There
are men who would ha1, e coined the blood of
the soldiers into dollars if they could ; but let
the Government be just, let it be honest, and
let it secure the affections of the people by its
justice and its honesty.
Mr. NthSMITH. Every dollar of money
wrung from the earnings of the people to carry
On this great Government has to be intrusted
to the custody of some person, and the sate-
guardsfor the protection of the public funds and
the proper custody and disbursement of those
funds cannot be too great. Men seek these offices
and all the security the Government can take is
their bonds. I do not say there are not eases
where I would vote for the relief of an officer,
where he had lost money under circumstances
where he had used all diligence for its protection,
where it had been destroyed by fire or captured
by the public enemy. Those are cases where
relief should be granted ; but before I would
vote for the relief of an officer wlm had been
robbed or had money stolen from him, f must
have the most clear and incontrovertible evi-
dence of it. Upon any other hypothesis you
would throw the door open to the most, illimit-
able robberies, and I apprehend in the settle-
ment of the public accounts there will hardly
be an officer who is a defaulter but wilf con-
coct some sort of a story about having been
robbed. .  
Now, sir, this case, from the brief examina-
tion that I have been able to give the report,
Joes not come under the category which 1 have
laid down. 1 will read one sentence from the
letter from Commander Paulding, which, I
think, shows conclusively that this paymaster-
did not use due diligence. lie says;
"It seems that one day Paymaster ltittenliouse
wished 111111"—
That is, the boy who helped to steal this
money—■
"to take something from a looker in the next room,
taking the bunch of keys from his nook and now ting
out the one which fitted the locker; the boy, who had
been previously instructed by this man Lradley, took
a small piece oi writiiiB paper, wetted it with his
tonnie and took the imnre-MOn of the wards ot the
key'of the safe ; he tjave Bradley this impression, and
saw him make the key out ot a piece ot iron.
Here is a case where a custodian of the public
money having locked it in a safe, parted with
the possession of the key of that sale, and put
it in the hands of an irresponsible party who
subsequently turns out to be a thief. I do not
think that any officer who is disbursing P""~
lie money and acting with a due regard for tne
