1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2667
townships further east than Winona; so that
if a road were built along the west bank of
the river, from Winona to La Crosse, it would
make a southing of two townships, or twelve
miles. It would make an easting, it would
get on its way to the East, about three town-
ships, and when it gets to La Crosse it is in
connection with the railroad already striking
" the river at that point. Now, I am informed—
I do not seek to enforce the truth of this upon
the Senate, because it is not a question that I
think the Senate has any particular interest in
considering—that the bridge, supposing there is
to be but ono, would better accommodate the
State of Minnesota—not the city of Winona
[Mr. Norton. That we will judge of]—but the
State of Minnesota, better at La Crosse than at
Winona. Why? Because all the commerce from
every part of the State could strike the river
at La Crosse, without going more than twelve
miles south of Winona, and is all the time going
east; but if the bridge be built at Winona, it is
away north of some of the finest agricultural
districts in Minnesota. This is what I am told;
but, as my friend says, that is for Minnesota
to consider, and not for me. I only ask that
you will allow Minnesota to consider it, to con-
sider it not for herself alone, but in conjunc-
tion with the State of Wisconsin; allow the two
States to consider it, and let them determine.
The Senator says that that will defeat the
bridging of the river at all. ' Why? Because
the two States will not agree. Then will you
impose upon cither of the States the burden
of having a bridge built within ils borders
where it docs not want it? I do not ask you
to impose the burden upon Minnesota in ref-
erence to La Crosse. Why should they ask
you to impose it upon Wisconsin in reference
to Winona?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the special order. By
an order of the Senate, to-day, at one o'clock,
is fixed for the consideration of bills reported
by the Committee 011 Pensions.
Mr. NORTON. I hope we shall be allowed
to get a vote on this bill. If this company are to
be allowed to construct this bridge, it is very
important that they should know it at once, so
that they may enter upon its construction this
summer; and if that privilege is not to be
allowed them, we would like to know it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The spe-
cial order can be laid aside only by unanimous
consent, without a motion.
PENSION LAWS.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of House
bill No. 303, supplementary to the several acts
relating to pensions, this day having been spe-
cially set apart for the consideration of bills
and reports from the Pension Committee.
The^ItESIDENT pro tempore. The bill is
before the Senate under the order.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill, the
pending question being on the amendment
proposed by Mr. Van Win'klk to add as an
additional section the following:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the four-
teenth section of an act en titled" An act supplement-
ary to an act entitled 'An act to grant pensions,'
approved July 14,1862," approved July-4,1S64, be,
and the same is hereby, repealed, and that the wid-
ows and children of colored soldiets and sailors who
have been or may be hereafter killed, or who have
died or ma.y hereafter die of wounds received in bat-
tle, or of diseasccontractcd in the military ov naval
service of the United States, and in the line of duty,
shall be entitled to receive the pensions provided by
law, without other evidence of marriage tho.n proof,
satisfactory to the Commissioner of Pensions, that
the parties had habitually recognized each other as
inan and wife, and lived together as such for a defi-
nite period, not les3 than two years next preceding
the enlistment of the man; and the children born of
any marriage so proved shall be deemed and taken
to be the children of the soldier or sailor party there-
to : Provided, however. That if any such soldier or
sailor, and the woman alleged to be his widow, resided
previously to tiie enlistment of the former in any
State in which the marriage between them might
have been legally solemnized, the usual evidence of
marriage shall be required.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. When this bill was- i
under consideration some five weeks since,
or very nearly five weeks since, I endeavored
to explain the object of this amendment to the
Senate; but as that length of time has elapsed,
I will do so again as briefly as I can. The
amendment is printed and has been on the
tables of Senators for that length of time. I
will first read the section which it is intended
to amend, and then I can point out easily the
difference between the two propositions. Sec-
tion fourteen of the act approved July 4, 1864,
provides—
"That the widows and children of colored soldiers
who have been or who may be hereafter killed, or
who have died or may hereafter die of wounds re-
ceived in battle, or who have died or may hereafter
die-of diseaso contracted in tlio military service of
tho United States, and in tho lino of duty, shall bo
entitled to receive the pensions now provided bylaw
without other proof of marriago than that the par-
ties had habitually recognized each other as man nud
vrife, and lived together as such for a definite period
next preceding tho soldier's enlistment not less than
two years, to be shown by tho affidavits of erediblo
witnesses: Provided, however, That such widow and
children arc freo persons: Provided farther. That if
such parties resided in any State in which their mar-
riage may have been legally solemnized tho usual
cvidenco shall be required."
I stated on a former occasion that this sec-
tion which I have just read was drawn up by
the late Senator from Vermont (Mr. Foot) at
the third conference meeting upon the bill of
which it is a part, and that it had seemed to
prove satisfactory to all parties. Nevertheless,
there are some additions, perhaps, that should
bo made to it, for it was considered at mid-
night and in a hurry, and there is also some-
thing in the change of circumstances since then
which has induced me to offer the amendment
now before the Senate. One difference is that
this amendment is made to cover sailors as well
as soldiers. Another is that this fourteenth sec-
tion required the fact of marriage to bo proved
by the affidavits of credible witnesses. I have
substituted for that "proof satisfactory to the
Commissioner of Pensions." I have intro-
duced a clause to meet a case where the wife
of such a marriage may have died and where
the children are the proper parties to receive
the pension. While children are alluded to in
the original section, it does not seem to cover
a ease such as I have stated, of the death of
the mother where the children will be the only
applicants. I have simply introduced tho
words, " and the children born of any mar-
riage so proved shall bo deemed and taken to
be the children of the soldier or sailor party
thereto." The preceding part of the amend-
ment provides that the woman shall be deemed
to be the wife.
I have also in the proviso to my amendment
inserted the words " previously to the enlist-
ment. of the former in any State " so as to con-
fine the proviso to the fourteenth section of the
act of 1804, which is as follows :
" That if such parties resided in any State in which
their tnsrriago may have been legally solemnized, the
usual evidence shall bo required."
In the events of the war, many of these peo-
ple were driven from their homes, and some
of them into the free States, or States in which
a marriage might have been legally solemnized
between them ; but under the circumstances it
is hardly to be expected that they could have had
an opportunity to avail themselves of the cere-
mony. I have therefore changed the words,
so as to require simply that if previous to tho
enlistment of the soldier they lived in a State
where their marriage could have been solem-
nized, the usual evidence of marriage shall be
demanded. Since the close of tho war, and
since the Preedmen's Bureau has been in open*
ation, it has been almost compelling, if it was
necessary, but inciting at least and advising,
these people who had lived in the relation of
man and wife, to have a legal ceremony sol-
emnized between them; and I believe it has
been pretty extensively done. This amend-
ment, as the Senate will perceive, is ccrtainly
in the interest of their widows and children ;
and I believe from my knowledge of the sub-
ject and the customs that prevailed among them
when they were in a state of slavery, of always
having something in the nature of a marriage
ceremony between them, and knowing that
many of them who were well disposed other-
wise, lived as faithful to their marriage vows
as other people—I think it is but justice to
them that these pensions should be'secured to
them, and that something, at any rate, of this
nature should be adopted in an amendment to
the section which I have read.
Mr. GRIMES. I will inquire of the Senator
from W est Virginia if he supposes it is absolutely
necessary that the last clause of the proviso to
thisamendmentshallberetained,whichrequires
that if they shall have cohabited together during
the last two years preceding the period of en-
listment, that shall not be evidence alone, but
that the soldier or widow shall produce record
evidence of the fact of marriage. It seems to
me it is very possibly altogether probable, that
although in some of the States they may have
been authorized to be married by the laws of
the State, yet that that law has not been com-
plied with, and the marriage has not been sol-
emnized, the public sentiment being in opposi-
tion to any such thing. Now, if we are going
to allow—and I think the committee is right in
that—the fact of cohabitation for two years to
be sufficient evidence, why not permit it to be
so in all?
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I will explain further
than I have done. I thought that the proviso
as it originally stood, that is, that if such parties
resided (not saying at what time) in any State
in which their marriage could have been legally
solemnized the usual evidence should be re-
quired would cut out many proper cases. I
presume that if an application is made even
now for a pension by ono of these parties the
Commissioner would feel himself bound to in-
quire whether the man had at any time previous
to the application resided in a State where the
marriage might have been legally solemnized,
and in such case would require record proof.
In reflecting on the circumstance which I men-
tioned a little while ago, that some of these
people were driven from their homes undoubt-
edly and driven into tho free States, or into
States where their marriages might have been
solemnized, and were there as soldiers with
perhaps their wives attending them in the camp,
it seemed to me that it was almost an impossi-
bility that a marriage could have been solem-
nized between them in such cases, and it is very
unlikely that under such circumstances they
would have thought of it.
Since the end of the war the Freedmen's
Bureau has been doing what it could, and no
doubt has been succcssfulto a very great extent,
in inducing these persons who had theretofore
lived together as man and wife to have a legal
ceremony performed between them. Now, if
the old proviso prevails—and I think that if
the Senate does not accept the one I offer that
ought to be stricken out—those of this class
who were driven into a free State, or into a State
in which a marriage might have been solemnized,
will find themselves under the necessity of pro-
ducing record evidence of the marriage, when
the fact is that they never had any legal cere-
mony of marriage. My impression is—I lcavo
it to the better judgment of the Senate—that
the modification I have proposed in this proviso
is only-justice to these people whose thoughts
had not been called to the subject, and perhaps
whose knowledge in regard to it did not lead
them to know that the marriages under which
they were living were, in fact, not sanctioned
by law.
As I stated the other day, there was nothing
on the statute-book of Virginia which forbade
a marriage between colored persons. The dif-
ficulty there arose simply under the common
law as they had interpreted it in that State, that
persons in the condition of slavery, being sub-
ject to their masters, could make no contract,
not even the contract of marriage; nor, as my
colleague mentioned on that occasion, was a
contract made by theirf with respect to their
own freedom regarded as binding in any way.
I presume this was the case through most of
the southern States, although I believe that in
Delaware, and perhaps also in South Carolina,
