1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1707
Claims, to whom was referred a bill (H. R.
No. 215) for the benefit of John W. Campbell,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred a bill (H. R.
No. 207) to amend an act entitled "An act to
provide ways and means to support the Gov-
ernment," approved March 3, 1865, reported
it without amendment.
Mr. NESMITH, from the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia, to whom was
referred a bill (S. No. 62) to amend an act en-
titled " An act granting lands to the State of
Oregon to aid in the construction of a military
road from Eugene City to the eastern boundary
of said State, '1 reported it without amendment.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred a
bill (S. No. 214) to incorporate the General
Hospital of the District of Columbia, reported
it without amendment.
washington canal.
Mr. "WADE. The Committee on the District
of Columbia, to whom was referred a bill (S.
No. 190) to incorporate the District of Columbia
Canal and Sewerage Company, have directed
mo to report it back with amendments, and
recommend its passage, and I ask the Senate
to agree to take it up at this time. My reason
for doing so is that it is in a great degree a
sanitary measure touching the canal here,
which is a perfect nuisance, and, it is appre-
hended, will be the cause of a great deal of
sickness if it is left in the condition it is until
the warm weather comes on ; and if the bill is
to be passed at all it ought to be passed imme-
diately in order that the company may go to
work at once and put the canal in a better
condition than it now is.
By unanimous consent, the bill was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to incorporate John VanReswick, Sam-
uel S. Smoot, J. B. Hutchinson, Whitman
Bestor, William E. Spalding, W. D. Wise of
Washington, Joseph \v. Parish of New Orleans,
Charles L. Frost, Charles A. Seeor, Gideon
L. Walker of the. city of New York, Martin
II. Cossell of Illinois, and their successors and
assigns, as a body-politic, by the name and style
of the District of Columbia Canal and Sewer-
age Company, with power to survey, locate,
lay out, construct, operate, and use and enjoy
a continuous line of canal and sewer, with all
the privileges and appurtenances thereof, be-
tween the waters of the Anacostia river, com-
monly known as the Eastern branch, where it
enters the District of Columbia, running along
that river to its junction with the Potomac river,
and the Potomac river and the Chesapeake and
Ohio canal, at or near the city of Georgetown,
all in the District of Columbia, upon a route
to be surveyed and designated by a competent
engineer appointed by the company for that
purpose. The canal or sewer is to form a duct or
depository for the sewers of the city of Wash-
ington. The company is to have the exclusive
right to use the canal for the purpose of con-
veying freights and regulating the passage
through the same, of all vessels, boats, rafts
of lumber, and crafts of all kinds, capable of
navigating the canal and sewer. The canal and
sewer shall be cut to the depth of ten feet below
high f idt! as it usually rises, and shall be seventy
feet wide at the water-line, with the usual slope
to the banks; and shall at. all times be kept in
good and navieable repair, and all sediment
or deposits collecting in the same from the
sewers or otherwise shall be kept cleaned out
so that the tide may constantly flow through
the same. The company shall have the exclu-
sive right to assess and collect tolls upon the
canal, and also upon its wharves and docks.
The capital stock is to be SI,000,000. and con-
sist often thousand shares of $100 each, and
may be increased whenever, in the opinion of
a majority of the directors of the company, its
interests require such increase.
The Committee on the District of Colum-
bia i eported the hill with several amendments.
The first amendment of the committee was in
section one, line four, after the name "J. B.
Hutchinson" to insert" Samuel F. Dickerson."
The amendment was agreed to,
The next amendment was in section one,
line six, to strike out the letter "A" and insert
"F;" so as to read " Charles F. Secor."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after sec-
tion eleven the following as an additional sec-
tion :
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That in order to
aid the said District of Columbia Canal and Sewerage
Company in fulfilling the objects and requirements
of this act. all the right, title, property, interest, and
estate, in law or equity, of the United States of and
to the Washington canal and the bridges crossing the
same and tho lands upon which said canal, bridges,
basins, locks, reservoirs, docks, and wharves are now
located, occupied, used, and constructed, be, and the
sameare hereby, vested inthesaid District o'~Colum-
bia Canal and Sewerage Company, to have and to
hold the same for tho uso and benefit of the said
company.
Mr. WADE. I will not ask to have that
amendment considered now, but I move that
the bill and the amendments be printed, and
that the bill be postponed to'some early day.
It has just been reported, and probably the
Senate are not ready to act upon it now ; but
I shall call it up at a very early period. I give
notice that I shall endeavor to call it up to-
morrow, and I hope that Senators will be ready
to act upon it at that time. I now move that
the bill and amendments be printed, and its
further consideration postponed until to-mor-
row.
The motion was agreed to.
message from thk house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had agreed
to the conference asked by the Senate on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on tho hill
(II. R. No. 181) to authorize the saleof marine
hospitals and revenue cutters, and had ap-
pointed Messrs. E. 13. Wasiiiuuixe of Illinois.
Bex.iamix Egglkrtox of Ohio, and James
Humphrey of New York, managers at the same
on its part.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the fol-
lowing bills, in which it requested the concur-
rence of tho Senate:
A bill (II. R. No. *!0G) to provide for the
settlement of accounts of certain public officers;
and
A bill (II. R. No. 4:33) to amend an act en-
titled "An act to provide internal revenue to
support the Government, to pay interest on the
public debt, and for other purposes," approved
June 30, 180-i, and the act amendatory thereof,
approved March 3, 1805.
enrolled bill signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed an enrolled joint resolution (II. It. No.
•JO) in relation to the public lands appertaining
to the armory at Springfield; and it was there-
upon signed by the President pro tempore.
e.tt. eddy.
Mr. NESMITII. The Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (11. R. No. 304) for the relief of
the estate of E. W". Eddy, have dircctcd mo to
report it back without amendment and recom-
mend its passage. I ask for its immediate con-
sideration.
No objection being made, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It proposes to require the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury to allow to
the estate of E. W. Eddy, late paymaster in the
United States Army, a credit of £200,000, the
amount of public funds in his hands as pay-
master on board the steamer Brother Jona-
than, lost by the wreck of that steamer, on the
30th of July, 1X03, off the coast of California.
It is provided, however, that the final order for
the allowance of the credit shall not be made
until the whole subject coimcetcd with the al-
leged loss shall be fully investigated by the
Paymaster General, and ho shall certify to the
proper Department of tho Government that the
loss of the vessel has been fully proved.
Mr. CLARK. I do not think that bill ought
to be passed in the shape it is, to refer the
matter of the loss to the Paymaster General.
Wherever these cases have come before the
Committee on Claims, we have investigated
them ourselves, to see in the first instance and
satisfy ourselves whether the loss was clearly,
proved; and I think it is rather an unsatisfac-
tory way of legislation to turn it over to any
officer of the Government to allow him to do
what shall seem to him meet after his exami-
nation. I think the examination ought to be
made here. I hope the bill will not be pressed
at this time.
Mr. NESMITII. I desire to state to the
Senator from New Hampshire that the proviso
to which he refers struck me as an unnecessary
provision in the bill; but it is a House bill,
and the committee did not think proper to
amend it. There is a report from the Assistant
Paymaster General, Colonel Earned, who con-
vened a board of officers at San Francisco to
make an investigation of the circumstances.
They report that Paymaster Eddy went on
board the steamer Brother Jonathan, with a
safe containing $200,000 in Government funds,
in July last; that the steamer was lost off the
coast of California; that there were eighteen
passengers saved. The declaration of the pas-
sengers saved accompanies the papers, showing
that Major Eddy was lost and that 110 part of
the wreck was recovered. The proof is of the
riiost positive character that Major Eddy and
the money were both lost. The case is estab-
lished most clearly. Not a cent of the funds
has ever been recovered.
Mr. CLARK. I have never been satisfied
myself with an examination in tho House of
Representatives, not to say that they do not do
it 011 their part satisfactorily to them; but I have
neverfeltthatthe Senate committee discharged
its duty by taking tho result of the investiga-
tions of a committee of tho House; nor have I
ever felt that they discharged their duty by tak-
ing tho result of a commission of inquiry. I
think we are bound to go beyond that, and not to
take tho judgment of other people, but to ascer-
tain the fact ourselves and come to our own
conclusions. If the Senator from Oregon can
say that the Committee on Military Affairs have
examined this case upon the proofs, that the
proofs are satisfactory, that they are entirely
satisfied in their own judgment that the loss has
been suffered so as to report that fact to the
Senate, I am content; but I am not content
without an examination beyond that of the
House of Representatives.
Mr. NESMITH. I will say to the Senator
from New Hampshire that a full examination
of the papers and reports was made in the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and the committee
unanimously came to the conclusion that it was
a just case and that relief ought to be granted.
The evidence adduced before the committee in
the form of official reports is incontrovertible.
Mr. CLARK. Of coursc I cannot know
what papers were before the committee, but the
reports of other bodies, committees and com-
missions, are not satisfactory to me.
Mr. NESMITII. Before the committee was
The report of the Paymaster General and the
report of the board of officers convened at San
Francisco subsequent to the loss of the steamer,
anil the testimony of the officers who took the
safe 011 board the steamer, and so on.
Mr. CLARK. 1 desire to know of the Sen-
ator from Oregon whether the facts on which
that commission acted went before the com-
mittee and were found by them, in their judg-
ment, to be true.
Mr. NESMITII. The facts were before tho
committee—the statements and depositions of
the persons who were brought before that mil-
itary commission.
Mr. CLARK. I have no desire to impede
'the bill if it has been satisfactorily examined,
but it is a very large amount, and seems to me
should be very carefully looked into before it
is passed.
