3628
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6,
the first .time. It has been in my hands for
perhaps three minutes; and that is the only
opportunity I have had for examining its pro-
visions. I have the honor to represent a dis-
trict which probably has to-day within its lim-
its more men and widows who will be entitled
to pensions should this bill pass than in any
other district in the United States. My district
is a frontier district, lying upon Lake Cham-
plain, the whole population of which capable
of bearing arms served during the war of 1812
in repelling the repeated attempted invasions
of the British on that frontier. I apprehend
that to-day the same style of men are abundant
in that district. And I have yet to hear the first
application from those fighting men of my con-
stituency for the passage of such a bill as that
now under consideration. I have yet to learn
that at this time, when the country is burdened
with such ft weight of debt, with the heavy
expenses which must necessarily continue for
many years to come, they are prepared to ask ■
for pensions to an extent which will involve an
annual expenditure of not less than $10,000,000
a year for some years to come; and, as I believe,
not less than $15',000,000 a year.
The cry is raised that these soldiers of the
war of 1812 should be put upon the same foot-
ing as the soldiers of the-late civil war. Now,
I call upon members to bear in mind that with-
out this bill they stand upon precisely the same
footing. Those who were disabled in the ser-
vice of thewar of 1812 and the widows of those
who lost J,heir lives in that service are now
entitled to precisely the same bounties and to
all the privileges that are conferred upon the
soldiers of the war through which we have just
passed. I aslc the gentleman'from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Cofproth] if he proposes to do
equal justice to the officers and soldiers of the
last war, the war through which we have just
passed. Is he prepared to report a bill which
shall give to them the samoliberality, make for
them the same provisions that this bill makes
for the soldiers of the war of 1812?
Mr. COFFXIOTH. I will say that I am;
arid that in forty-nine or fifty-two years from
this time I hope that every man who repre-
sents the people in this House will vote to
place upon the pension-roll every man who
fought in this war.
Mr. IIALB. Well, Mr. Speaker,,I am very
glad to hear it. It comports with my idea of the
liberality of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Profitsus alieni—liberal with other people's
money. Sir, I come here in no such spirit.
I do not believe that it becomes us to talk even
of giving pensions to every soldier who served
in the late war. Why, the gentleman knows,
and every man endowed with an ordinary share
of common sense knows, that wo might as well
talk about buying the moon as pensioning the
million and more of soldiers who served in the
late war. This proposition, if it be meant as
an entering wedge to a proposition of the kind
which the gentleman from Pennsylvania now
suggests, is certainly a proposition for nothing
more nor less than national bankruptcy. No
man believes that wo can pension the. soldiers
of the late war, giving a pension to every man
who has served in the armies of the united
States, and survive, or begin to survive, the
expense entailed by it. If we are not prepared
to follow it out logically, as the gentleman from
Pennsylvania proposes, why in Heaven's name
begin with these soldiers of the war of 1812?
The gentleman's argument has at least the
merit of consistency. If this bill passes, we
ought, in justice, to pension everybody else
who served in any war, or smelt powder any-
where. If the sentiment of this House is that
we should at once pass a bill that will involve
an expenditui-e of from $100,000,000 to
$500,000,000 a year for pensions, let us do
it boldly and directly, and not come at it in
this circumlocutory fashion.
I believe, Mr. Speaker, that the passage of
such a bill as this through this House would
be such a sign of, to say the least, easy virtue
in regard to the administration of the finances
of -this country that it would tend greatly to-
ward unsettling the credit of the nation; and
if we are to adopt it upon the terms proposed
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, on the
understanding that it is to be followed' by such
a bill as he proposes, then I submit we ought
at once to avail ourselves, as a nation, of the
advantages of the bill which was proposed and
advocated during this session by the gentleman
from Rhode Island, [Jlr. Jesokes,] and which
has passed this House. We shall need to avail
ourselves of a "bankrupt law; and I fear, sir,
we shall not show assets enough to entitle our-
selves to a first-class certificate. • For one, I
trust this measure will be defeated squarely,
and therefore I move that the bill be laid on
the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Coffroth] is entitled to the floor
until lie'surrenders it. After that the motion
to lay on the table will be in order. The gen-
tleman has yielded only for remarks.
Mr. HALE. I do not wish to cutoff debate,
but I give notice that I will, when the oppor-
tunity shall arise, make the motion to lay on
the table.
Mr. COFFROTH- I would like to hear the
amendment suggested by my colleague on the
committee, [Mr. Benjamin".]
The amendment was read, as follows:
In line nine, after the word "twelve," insert the
words, "and who now arc, and havebeen atall times,
loyal to the Government' of the United States."
Mr. STEVENS. Through my own negli-
gence I failed to hear the bill read. I would
like to know whether it is confined to indigent
persons.
Mr. THAYER. No, sir; it takes in every-
body.
Mr. STEVENS. I wish to know whether
the bill of my colleague [Mr. Miller] is con-
fined to indigent persons.
Mr. MILLER. This is not my bill.
Mr. COFFROTH. Mr. Speaker, this bill
provides for granting a pension to all the sur-
viving soldiers and sailors of the war of 1812.
As long ago as eight or ten years a bill of this
kind was reported and passed by the House of
Representatives. The first section of this bill
is well guarded. It is provided that pensions
shall be granted only to those who were in the
service three months or more, or were actually
engaged-in battle. The bill contains all the
safeguards necessary to protect the Govern-
ment from imposition or squandering of the
money of the people.
I will not now, sir, make any extended
remarks in favor of the bill. Forty-nine years
after the revolutionary war Congress, with un-
precedented unanimity, passed a bill plaeing
every surviving revolutionary soldier upon the
pension-roll. It is now fifty-three years since
the termination of the war of 1812, the second
war of independence, and will the Represent-
atives of the people in the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress say to the soldiers of that war, the men
who then went out to defend the country in its
infancy, that they shall not have the same jus-
tice done to them as was to the revolutionary
patriots ? I admire the spirit in which the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Hale] spoke of
my liberality. I only request him to be more
liberal to the old soldiers of the war of 1812
before he votes to squander millions of the
people's money for objects by 110 means as
worthy.
Mr. HALE. One word. My congratulation
on thegentleman'sliberality he didnot perhaps
entirely comprehend. I only complimented
his liberality with other people's money.
Mr. COFFROTH. I will reply that the gen-
tleman has been liberal in many other instances
with other people's money.
Mr. HALE. If the gentleman will specify
the bill I will give him a cognovit. Specif/
the instances where I have voted to squander
the public money.
Mr. COFFROTH. The gentleman voted over
nine million dollars for freedmen—I mean the
appropriation for the Freedmen's Bureau.
Mr. HALE. _ I confess to having voted for
■appropriation bills reported by the committee.
If the gentleman has voted,against them I am
sorry for it.
Mr. THAYER. Will my colleague let me
ask him a question?
Mr. COFFROTH. Certainly.
Mr. THAYER. I desire to ask my col-
league why, inasmuch as the bill proposes to
compensate every one who - has had anything
to do with the war of 1812, he has omitted the
sailors; why he has omitted to provide com-
pensation for those who achieved glories on
the sea transcending anything done on the
land during that contest.
Mr. COFFROTH. I ask the gentleman to
read the fifth section of the bill.
Mr. THAYER. It only refers to marines.
It does not embrace sailors.
Mr. COFFROTH. It has been an acci-
dental omission; and I move to insert the
words "sailors and" before "marines."
Mr. Speaker, I have received a great many
letters fronr the surviving soldiers of the war
of 1812, asking me to bring this bill to a vote
at the earliest day. I do not desire to con-
sume any further time; I demand the previous
question.
Mr. HALE moved that the bill be laid upon
the table; and demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 46, nays 84, not voting
52 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Dclos It. Ashley, Baldwin, Baxter, Boutwell, Davis,
Dawes, Dixon, Dodge, Eliot, tfarnsworth, Garfield,
Griswold, Hale, Aaron Harding, Hart, Henderson,
Iligby, Hooper, John H. Hubbard, Hulburd, Kasson,
Kctcbam, Lailin, Longyear, Marvin, McRuer, Pat-
terson, Perham, Plants, Pomeroy, Pi iee, Raymond,
Alexander II. Rice, John II. Rice, Ritter, Sawyer,
Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn,
Etihu B. Washburne, and William B. Washburn—46.
* NAYS—Messrs. Aneona, Baker, Barker, Bidwell,
Bingham, Bromwell, Buckland, Bundy. Reader W.
Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb,Coffroth, Cullora, Daw-
son, Delano, Driggs, Eckley, Eggleston, Eldridge,
Farquhar, Ferry, Finck Glossbrenner, Grider, Grin-
nell, Abnor C.Harding, Ha,yes,Hogan, Holmes, Ches-
ter D. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, James R. Hubbell,
Humphrey, Ingersoll, Johnson, Julian, Kellcy, Kelso,
Kerr, Kuykendall, Latham, George V. Lawrence,
William Lawrence, Le Blond, Loan, Marston, Mc-
Kee, Mercur, Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, Moulton,
Myers, Niblack, Noell, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Phelps,
Radford, Samuel J. Randall, William II. Randall,
Rogers, Rolling, Ross, Roussoau, Sehenck, Seoficld,
Shanklin, Spalding, Stevens, Stilwell, Taber, Thayor,
John L. Thomas, Trimble, Robert T. Van Horn .Henry
D. Washburn, AVelker, Wentvrorth, James F. Wilson,
Stophon F. Wilson, Winfield, and Woodbridge—84.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. James M. Ashley, Banks,
Beaman, Benjamin, Bergen, Blaine, Blow, Bover,
Brairdegee, Broomall, Chanler, Conkling, Cook, Cul-
ver, Darling, Defrees, Doming, Denison,_ Donnelly,
Dumont, Goodyear, Harris, Hill, Hotehkiss, Asahel
W. Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, Jenckos, Jones,
Lynfeh, Marshall, McClurg, McCullough, Mclndoe,
Morris, Newell, Nicholson, Pike, Sbellabarger, Sit-
greaves, Sloan,Smith,Starr, Strouse,Taylor,Francis
Thomas, Thornton, Ward, Warner, Whaley, Wil-
liams, Windom, and Wright—52.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
During the roll-call,
Mr. ANCONA stated that his colleague was
absent on account of indisposition.
The result having been announced as above
recorded,
The question, recurred on seconding the de-
mand for the previous question.
Mr. IiELLEY. I rise to _a point of order.
Pending this motion would it be in order to
move to recommit the bill to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions?
The SPEAKER. Notduringthe pendency
of the demand for the previous question. If
the previous question should not be seconded,
then that motion would be in orden.
Mr. ROSS. I call the attention of my friend
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Coffiioth] to the fact
that he has omitted the soldiers of the Black
Hawk war. [Laughter.]
On seconding the demand for the previous
question, there were—ayes 26, noes 75.
Mr. ANCONA. I demand tellers.'
Tellers were refused.
Mr. KELLEY. I.now move to recommit
the bill to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. HALE. I hope the gentleman will yield
a moment.
