1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3629
Mr. KELLEY. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. LE BLOND. I ask the gentleman to
allow me to move as an amendment to recom-
mit with instructions to report next Monday.
Mr. KELLEY. No, sir; the very object in
sending it to the committee is that they rifcty
consider the various amendments and substi-
tutes^that are proposed and bring iti a better-
eonsfdered bill.
Mr. PERHAM. Will the gentleman allow
me to present a substitute which the committee
have already considered and acted upon?
Mr. KELLEY. I decline to yield.
Mr. BAND ALL, of Pennsylvania. I ask-
my colleague [Mr. Kelley] to incorporate in
his motion "with leave to report at any time."
Mr." KELLEY. There are various amend-
ments and substitutes proposed, and I want
the committee to have ample time to consider
them all and bring in a well-considered and
fully-matured bill. I therefore. decline to
yield. . ,
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. It is for
the purpose of killing the bill. That is the
object.
On seconding the demand for the previous
question, there were—ayes 67, noes 37.
So the previous question was seconded and
the'main question ordered.
Mr. COFFROTH. I demand the yeas and
nays on the motion to recommit.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question being taken, it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 74, nays 47, not voting
61; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Delos R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin,
Barker, Baxter,Benjamin, Bidwell,Bingham, Buck-
land, Bundy, Reader W.'Clarke, Davis, Dawes, Del-
ano, Dixon, Driggs, Eggleston. Eliot, Earnsworth,
Ferry, Hale, Aaron Harding, Hart, Hayes, Hender-
son, Holmes, Hotchkiss, Demas Hubbard, John H.
Hubbard, Hulburd, Julian. Kelley, Kelso, Ketcham,
Kuykendall, Lafiin, GeorgeV. Lawrence, Loan, Long-
year, Marston, Marvin, McRuer, Mercur, Miller,
Moorhead, O'Neill, Paine, Patterson, Pike, Plants,
Pomeroy, Price, Raymond, Alexander H. Rice, John
H. Rice, Ritter, Rousseau, Scofield, Taylor, Thayer,
Trowbridge, Upson, VanAernam, Burt Van Horn,
Elihu B, Washburnc, William B. Washburn, Welkor,
Williams, and Stephen F. Wilson—74.
NATS—Messrs. Ancona, Banks, Coffroth, Dawson,
Eckley, Eldridge, Earquhar, Einck, Glossbrenner,
Grider, Grinnell, Hogan, Chester D. Hubbard, James
R. Hubbcll, Humphrey, Ingersoll, Johnson, Kerr,
Latham, William Lawrence, Le Blond, McCullough,
AIcKee, Morrill, Myers, Niblack, Noell, Orth, Per-
ham, Phelps, Samuel J. Randall, William H. Ran-
dall, Rogers, Rollins, Ross, Sawyer, Shanklin, Spald-
ing, Stilwell, Taber, John L. Thomas, Trimble, Rob-
ert T. Van Horn, Henry D. Washburn, Wentwortli,
James F. Wilson, and Winfield—17.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Beaman, Bergen, Blaine,
Blow,Boutwcll, Boyer, Brandcgoe, Bromwell, Broom-
all, Chanler, Sidney Clarke, Cobb. Conkling, Cook,
Cullom, Culver, Darling, Defrees, Deming, Denison,
Dodge, Donnelly, Dumont, Garfield, Goodyear, Gris-
wold, Abner C. Harding, Harris, Higby, Hill, Hooper,
Asahel W. Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, Jenckes,
Jones, Kasson, Lynch, Marshall, McClurg, Mcln-
doe, Morris, Moulton, Newell, Nicholson, Radforcl,
Schenck, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Sloan. Smith,
Starr. Stevens, Strouse, Francis Thomas, Thornton,
"Ward, Warner, \Yhalcy, Windom, Woodbridge, and
W right—61.
So the bill was recommitted to the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. KELLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was recomnmted: and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. PERHAM. Mr Speaker, it will be rec-
ollected that one week ago to-day the House
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions
a proposition of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Miller] to grant pensions to the
soldiers of the war of 1812 who were in neces-
sitous circumstances. The committee have
considered that subject and are now ready to
report, and would be glad to report on that
proposition now.
Mr. HALE. I beg leave to ask if that bill
provides for doing the same justice to the sol-
diers of the late war for the suppression of the
rebellion as to those of the war of 1812.
Mr. PERHAM. It does not include them.
Mr. HALE. I object to the reporting of
any bill which does not extend the same rate
of pension' to the soldiers of the late war as to
the soldiers of other wars.
Mr. PERHAM. Then I ask the unanimous
consent of the House that some time may be
fixed when the committee may make the report,
Mr. TAYLOR. I object.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the
committees for reports of a private nature.
JAMES C .•COOK.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut, from the
Committee on Patents, reported a bill for the
relief of James C. Cook; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill grants leave to James C. Cook to
make application to the Commissioner of Pat-
ents for an extension ofthe letters-patent which
were issued for the term of fourteen years from
the 27th of July, 18G2, for an improvement in
machines for forming button backs and affixing
the eyes thereto, in the same manner as if«he
had filed his petition at least ninety days prior
to the expiration of his patent, ana authorizes
the Commissioner of Patents to consider and
determine the said application iii the same
manner as if it had been so filed.
Mr. HUBBARD,* of Connecticut. This is
an improvement in the machinery for forming
button backs. There is not much money in it.
Mr. TAYLOR. I call for the reading of the
report.
The Clerkproceeded to read the report, when,
the morning hour having expired,
The SPEAKER stated that the bill would
go over until next Friday.
COMMUTATION OE PRISONERS' RATIONS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following communica-
tion from the Secretary of War:
War Department,
Washington City, July 5,1866.
Sib: In answer to the resolution of the House of
Representatives of the 14th of June, calling.for in-
formation relating: to the commutation of rations
allowed to Union soldiers who were prisonersof war,
I have the honor to report:
1. That by a general order of February 14, 1862,
rations to union soldiers held as prisoners of war in
the rebel States, were commuted at cost price during
the period of their imprisonment. The sum paid on
this account is reported by the commissioner at about
two and a half million dollars. This commutation
has not been considered as an ordinary claim of al-
lowance under existing laws and no specific appro-
priation has been made to meet it, hut it was allowed
from the necessities of the case, to provide for those
who wero undergoing the calamity of prisoners in the
rebel States.
2. After hostilities had terminated, and the pris-
oners were all released, it became manifest that com-
mutation claims were becoming the subject of specu-
lation and traffic by agents, brokers, and persons
engaged in that class of business; and, in the absence
of any specific appropriation, the order for payment
of commutation was suspended until Congress should
make an appropriation, if deemed proper, and pro
vide regulations that might secure the money to the
persons properly entitled and protect them against
fraudulent speculation. The outstanding claims re-
quiring appropriation, principally in the hands of
agents, assignees, brokers, &e., are estimated at
83,400,000.
I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,
EDWIN M. STANTON,
Secretary of Wcw.
Hon. Schuyler Colfax,
Speaker ofthe House of Representatives,
The communication was referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations and ordered to be
printed.
r tarot bill.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the rules be
suspended and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union. (Mr.
Scofield in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the special order, being bill of
the House No. 718, to provide increased rev-
enue from imports, and for other purposes, the
following clause being" under consideration:
On corktree, bark of, unmanufactured, twenty per
cent, ad valorem.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to insert after that
clause, "on cotton and machine cards, forty-
five per cent, ad valorem.''
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On eyelets made of bra® or other metal, eight cents
per thousand; on felt, roofing, and patent adhesive,
for ships' bottoms, made wholly or in part of hair,
twenty per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. MORRILL. In the last clause I move
to strike out the words '' made wholly or in part
of hair."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On fire-crackers, per box of not over forty packs,
not exceeding eighty to each pack, (and in the same
proportion for any greater number.) 81 25 per box:
Provided, That no firo-crackers shall be admitted at
a less rate of duty than sixty per cent, ad valorem.
On fulminates or fulminating powders, fifty per
cent, advalorerm.
On gloves of all kinds, except gloves made wholly
or in part of silk, not herein otherwise provided for,
fifty per cent, ad valorem.
On gold and silver plate, and on plated, German
silver, argentine, platina. and. albata, or white metal
ware or manufactures, fifty per cent, ad valorem.
On hair-brushes and tooth-brushes, fifty per cent.
ad valorem/ on paint-brushes and brushes of all kinds,
not herein otherwise provided for, forty per cent, ad
valorem.
On hair-cloth, forty per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. O'NEILL. I move to amend the last
clause by striking out "forty" and inserting
forty-five," so as to make the duty on hair-
cloth forty-five percent, ad valorem. All those
persons who are engaged in making sofas,
chairs, and other furniture, and preparing this
hair-cloth to be used, are interested in the duty
on hair-cloth. At the rate at which it comcs
in here it is utterly impossible that they can
compete with the foreign manufacturer. I
hope the committee will consent to add five
per cent, to the duty.
Mr, MORRILL. It is true, as the gentleman
says, that the manufacturers of sofas, chairs,
and other articles of furniture are interested in
the article of hair-cloth, but they are interested
in not having the duty raised. We admit the
raw material free, and although it is a diffi-
cult manufacture, requiring some skill and ma-
chinery, yet I think the duty is sufficient, and
ought not to be raised.
Mr. O'NEILL. I move to make the duty
forty-seven cents. It is very unpleasant to .
rise here and discuss the merits of any amend-
ment proposed, because the arguments are
always the same in reference to every article
which is imported from abroad. I am in favor
of protecting those American manufactures
which are struggling in their infancy for exist-
ence. This item of hair-cloth is one of vast
interest in the locality where I reside. And
I know that in other sections of the country
American manufacturers are struggling to in-
troduce the home-made article into the Amer-
ican market, to the exclusion of the foreign-
made article. I do hope the House will permit
my amendment to pass irrespective of the argu-
ment used against it by the chairman of the
Committee of• Ways and Means, [Mr. Mor-
rill,] who, it seems to me, never wants any
item in this bill to be increased one penny,
while he is generally willing to allow it to be
decreased.
. Mr. MORRILL. The gentleman should be
aware that we already propose an increase of
ten per cent, upon this article. It certainly is
enough, and I do not know of any very special
reason whv it should he raised at all.
Mr. O'NEILL. The very reasons which have-
induced the Committee of Ways and Means to
recommend an increase of ten per cent, should
be an argument for the Committee of the Whole
to raise it still more. In the argument of tho
gentleman, it is of course admitted that the
present rate of duty is too low, because the
committee have seen fit to recommend an in-
crease of ten per cent. Now, I do not see why
the Committee of the Whole should not put
on five per cent, more, so that the American
manufacturer can drive out of the American
market the foreign-made article. I withdraw
my amendment to the amendment.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. O'Neill]
to accept the following in lieu of his amend-
ment: to strike out the words " on hair-cloth
forty per cent, ad valorem " and insert in lieu
thereof '' on hair-cloth of the description known -
