1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1709
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate with out amendment, ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
DISTRICT SUPREME COURT.
On motion of Mr. WADE, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 184) to define more clearly the
jurisdiction and powers of the supreme court
of the District of Columbia.
It provides that the justices of the supreme
court of the District of Columbia shall hold
a common-law court, an equity court, an ad-
miralty and maritime court, and a criminal
court; that they shall hold sessions in banc
at such times as they shall designate in their
minutes j and at the sessions in banc they shall
have the power, and it shall be their duty,
to allot the courts among themselves, as they
see lit, by orders to bo entered of record in
their minutes, but so as to assign each of the
courts to be held by one justice ; to make all
appointments assigned to the court by law ; to
remove officers appointed by it in such manner
as may be prescribed by law ; to hear and de-
cide all questions of law which may be reserved
at the trial of any cause in either of the courts ;
to hoar and decide all such issues of law, de-
murrers to evidence, questions of law arising
on special verdict, or special or agreed case,
motions in arrest of judgment, motions for new
trial, or other motions as may be adjourned to
the court in banc, by an order on the minutes
of tlie court in which such matter arises ; to
hear and decide all appeals from the final de-
cisions of either of the courts 5 to hear and
decide all appeals from the orphans' court, and
from justices of the peace ; to fix the times of
holding the stated and special sessions or terms
of the courts ; to cause jurors to be summoned
to serve in the common-law and criminal courts
whenever jurors are required by the exigency
of the business therein ; to make all such rules
of procedure as they may deem best adapted
to a fair and speedy administration of justice.
I11 the common-law court there are to be
monthly sittings for the trial of issues of law,
and for taking judgments by default, and all
other matters not involving or requiring a trial
by jury, which sittings shall commence on the
first Tuesday of every month, except during
the stated terms or the recesses of the court.
For the trial of i>sues ol' fact, there are to be
at least three terms every year, at times fixed
by the justices at their sessions in banc to be
entered in tlieir minutes.
The equity court and the admiralty and mar-
itime court are to be deemed always open for
filing libels, bills, petitions, answers, pleas, and
other pleadings ; for issuing and returning all
process and commissions ; for making and di-
recting all interlocutory motions, orders, rules,
and other proceedings whatever, preparatory \
to tlm hearing of all causes pending therein ; j
and also for the tiial and final decision of :
causes, in case the parties consent to such !
trial, or the time of preparation has elapsed, i
and the cause has been set, and has stood for :
trial ten days. 1
Writs of attachment and garnishments are '
to be issued by the clerk of the supreme court I
of the District, without any authority or war-
runt from any judge or justice, whenever the
plaintiff, his agent or attorney, shall file in tho !
clerk's office, whether at. the commencement1
or during i he pendency of the suit, an affid.-n i!, j
selling forth that the plain tiff has a jn&t right j
torocoveragainstthedefnidant what he claims !
in the declaration, and also stating either, fir^t, j
thai the defendant is a non-resident of the :
Di.-lrict; or, second, that the defendant evades j
the service of-ordinary process by concealing ^
himself or by withdrawing from the District;!
temporarily: or, third, that he lias removed j'
or is about to remove some of his property j
from the District, so as to defeat just demands ;
against him ; and shall also file his (the plaint- j
ift's) undertaking, with sufficient surety or '
sureties, io make good all eosts and damages ,
which the defendant, may sustain by reason of I
the wrongful suing out of the attachment.
The thing attached is not to be discharged from,
the custody of the officer seizing it until the
defendant shall deliver, either to the officer
or to the clerk, to be filed in the cause, his un-
dertaking, with sufficient surety or sureties, to
satisfy and pay the final judgment of the court
against him; and in case the defendant be
found liable to the plaintiffs claim, in whole
or in part, the final judgment is to be that the
plaintiff recover against the defendant and his
surety or sureties ; and if the defendant fail to
execute such undertaking, the court may sell
the thing attached whenever it is'satisfied that
it is the interest of the parties that it should
be sold before final judgment.
The first amendment reported by the Com-
mittee 011 the District of Columbia was in sec-
lion five, line six, after the "word affidavit" to
insert "buppoited by the testimony of one or
moic witnesses, showing the grounds upon
which lie bases his affidavit, and also j " so that
the clause will read:
That writs of attachment and garnishments shall
be i-JMiod bv the clrrk of the hnpreme court ol* the
district, without any authority or warrant from any
judge or justice, whenever the plaintiff, hi* agent or
attorney, shall file in the clerk's ofliee, whether at tho
commencement or during the pendency of the suit,
an affidavit, supported by the testimony of one or
more witne.^ep, showing the grounds upon which ho
ba^e* his affidavit, and al?o setting forth that the
plaintiff has a just right to recover against the de-
fendant. what he claims in the declaration, and also
statins? either, lhvt, that tho defendant is a nou-rcai-
dent of the District.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section five, line
twenty, after the word 4 'attachment'' to insert:
Pvovi'h d, Itowcw-r, That if the defendant, his agent
or attorney, shall file an affidavit traversing the said
affidavit,the court shall determine whether the facts
set forth m said plaintiffs alii davit are true, and that
there was ju^t ground for i^umg said writor warrant
of attachment; and if the court shall deem the facts
do not hu>taiu the affidavit, he shall quash the writ
of attachment or irarniMhment; and thi^ i.^uc maybe
tried by a judge at chambers on three days' notice.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add the following
as a new section :
iSre. G. yl/W be It further enacted. That from and
aft or the passage of this act tho annual salaries of tho
chief justice and associate justices of the supreme
court ot the District of Columbia, instead of tho
amount now iixed )>y law,.-hall be .1^ follows: for_thc
(duct justice, $•!,")()(), and for each of the a^ooiate
justices, i 1,000.
Mr. AVADE. I wish the Senate to under-
stand what this amendment is. It is a matter
of a good deal of importance, and I see that the
Senate are not attending particularly to it.
The .judges of this court now receive $3,000
per annum for their services.
Mr. JOHNSON. All receive tho same, I
think.
Mr.'WADE. Allthesamc. That, they contend,
is entirely insullicient for the support of them-
selves and their families, and I think it is per-
fectly apparent to every member of the Senate
that at the present time no man in their posi-
tion can support himself and his family as they
ought to be supported the year round in this
city on the salary now paid to these judges,
for myself, I have opposed at all times the
increase of salaries ; I do not like to yield to
it in any ease; but in my judgment this is
exceptional. I do not believe that these judges
can, indeed they inform me that it is impossi-
ble that they ean, continue in iheir positions
unless their salaries be increased, and the
committee having the subject under considera-
tion thought it would be right to increase the
associates $1,000, making them $-1,000, and !
the chief justice to $-1,000, {jiving him $o()0 j
more than the other judges. Of course the j
sum fixed must be arbitrary ; there is no par- >
ticular measure you ean assume; but we thought
this would be reasonable, and it would be tol-
erably satisfactory to the judges themselves.
That we know. I hope there will be no objec-
tion to it.
I will say, while I am up. that the other parts
of this 1)111 refer almost entirely to the practice [
of the court. There are no principles of law ;
that aie alteied or changed by it except as to
attachments. Tho process of foreign attach-
ment, I believe, docs not obtain, or is very de-
fective in this District, and it is thought they
ought to have it for the collection of debts and
tho expedition of business here. In almost
every community in every State that I know
of they have been under the necessity of hav-
ing a law on that subject; and if the people
want it here we think they are entitled to have
it. The writ of attachment provided for in the
hill is in the common form used in the States,
for although they vary in their legislation on
that subject do not vary very materially as to
the conditions on which a man may seize the
property of his neighbor. It has to be regu-
lated somewhat, and it is regulated in this bill
as it is, I believe, in most of the States, but
not in all of them.
Some parts of the bill really affirm what was
a little doubtful in the original bill which was
drawn and presented by the Committee on the
District of Columbia, and that is the reason, I
suppose, why this bill has not gone to the Judi-
ciary Committee. The original bill only pro-
vided that this court should have common-law
and equity jurisdiction. They have, however,
exercised admiralty and maritime jurisdiction,
and they have done it in the way that this bill
proposes. It affirms and makes perfectly legal
that which might bo deemed a little doubtful
without such a bill, and it was thought best that
it should be made legal, although I believe they
have acted upon the same principle as though
they had full legal authority. I hope the bill
will pass.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, in relation
to the salaries, 1 concur entirely with the hon-
orable member from Ohio that it is impossible
for these judges to live in the District, in the
way judges should live, upon their present sal-
ary. They may live here alone, but they can-
not live here with their families. In point of
fact they are now, all of them, I believe, board-
ing, and the greater part of the year they are
boarding without their families. Their families
are sent away to remain during several months
of the year from necessity, and if anything can
be plain, I suppose it to bo that in a Govern-
ment like ours the judiciary should bo well sus-
tained. It is all-important to the rights of the
individual citizen.
It appeared to me, however, in listening to
the bill as it was read, that there were a good
many provisions in it that are wholly unneces-
sary, and among others the particular provision
to which the honorable member adverts, giving
to the court jurisdiction in cases of admiralty.
I had supposed the present court had, in addi-
tion to the powers not conferred upon the ori-
ginal court, all tho powers of that court. They
from time to time always exercised admiralty
jurisdiction; and the present court has from
time to time exercised the same jurisdiction,
and cases 1 think have been taken to the Su-
preme Court of the United States from its decis-
ion where there was no doubt expressed but
that the jurisdiction existed; butif there be any
reasonable doubt or any plausible doubt that
the jurisdiction does exist, there can bo no
impropriety in removing the doubt and making
the matter certain as will be done by this bill.
In relation to the authority to issue attach-
ments, the Senate perhaps may not, be so well
satisfied that, that ought to be granted. They
have it now to a certain extent, for I suppose
they are under the law of Maryland that existed
at the time the District was ceded. They are
governed by the laws of Maryland so_far as they
have not been changed by the laws ol Congress,
and by the Maryland law antecedent to the ces-
sion of the District the process of attachment
existed; but tho summary process of attach-
ment which was given in Maryland by an act
passed subsequent to the cession of the District
it might perhaps be somewhat perilous to gram.
This'District is not like a State. Ciowds of peo-
ple come here every year only to remain a few
days; they are here to-day, ancl gone to-mor-
iow ; and there is no knowing how the powi r
of summary attachment might not be abuseit.
If a man happened to go away without paying
