2670
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
This has produced agi-eat deal of complaint.
I have been written to again and again this
■winter by these colored people and their agents
in my State, and I called the matter to the
attention of the Military Committee some time
ago by a resolution requesting them to report a
bill upon that subject. I really do not know
whether it has been done, and I regret very
much that the Senator from West Virginia
objects to this amendment. He says himself
that the provision is perfectly proper and just,
and should be passed, and he objects to it sim-
ply because to put it on this bill will produce
confusion in the law. He says that this is
strictly a pension bill, and that if we put on it
a provision in regard to back pay and bounty
it will produce confusion.
It ought to be remembered that before the
Second Auditor go all these claims for pension,
back pay, and bounty; and this is the proper
place exactly for the amendment, because by
this bill his attention will be called to the point
in regard to pensions, and when he finds that
the law on the subject of pensions requires him
to take the same evidence in regard to bounty
and back pay he will at once do so. This is
the proper place, and it produces no confusion
to insert it here. The Second Auditor is fa-
miliar with the administration of these laws,
and when he comes to find this amendment
he of course will apply it to claims for bounty
and back pay in the same way as to pensions.
There is a crying evil on this subject. The
widows and children of these soldiers are en-
titled to bounty and back pay just as much as
they are to pensions, and they ought to have
them. It is nothing but just to the families
of colored soldiers that they should be enabled
to receive the bounty and back pay due as well
as the pension.
I hope the Senator will withdraw his objec-
tion to my proposition. I think it can produce
no confusion. I know his very great care about
laws. He does not like to mingle inappropri-
ate and unfit things together. I know how
particular he is in regard to the language of
his bills. I know how careful he is; but I
cannot perceive that any confusion is likely to
arise, and inasmuch as this provision has been
earefully prepared by him, and the amendment
I propose can very easily and simply be inserted
so as to insure perfect and entire justice to the
negroes in his State and in mine and in other
border States where so many of them served,
I think this is the proper place, and I hope he
will withdraw his objection. It cannot pro-
duce any confusion, because all these claims
go to the same officer, the Second Auditor.
They are adjudicated and audited by him, and
they cannot be paid except ujjon his certificate.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I am reluctant to
make objection to a. matter of this kind, which
really would not hurt the bill that I have
charge of, except so far as it is introducing a
matter foreign to it. The objection may seem
captious; but that is not my purpose. I think
the gentleman is mistaken in saying there is
no provision now on the subject, because I
recollect distinctly that during the first session
I was here, in 1863-04, an amendment was
offered by the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Wilson,] and it appeared to me not to
meet the case. I then went to him in his seat and
suggested to him the fact that something in the
nature of a marriage took place between these
feople, and he modified his amendment, and
presume it passed, although I cannot find it
here on the moment.
Mr. HENDERSON. It did not. It never
passed.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. He again offered at
this session an amendment to a military bill
intended to cover it. He introduced into it
some provisions which I thought would tend to
prevent his object being accomplished, and I
took to him this language of Senator Foot in
the amendment of the pension bill of last yea'r,
and also a paper I had drawn up for a modifi-
cation of it in reference to pensions. He had
one provision in his amendment, I know, that
I thought would tend to defeat his object
almost entirely. Now that matter is under con-
sideration by another committee. We passed
that here, and they may perhaps to-day pass it
in the other House, and then we shall have
two rules on the ubjecl. I think it is better not
to introduce these words here, becausc they
are under consideration in a bill that has
passed this body and gone to the other House,
and which, if they amend it, must come back
here ; and if that amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts prevails, it is for the very
purpose for which the gentleman wishes to
introduce this amendment. I think the House
will certainly strike out what I thought were
objectionable words in that provision as it
passed here. I will say that proof was required
that something in the nature of a marriage
ceremony had taken place. I suggested to the
Senator from Massachusetts that that was a
thing which took place, when it did occur, in
the presence of very few persons, and it might
be very difficult of proof in that way; but as
these persons had become scattered and were
living together, the fact was a matter of public
notoriety and could be easily proved.
I would not be captious, and if it was merely
on account of the first objection I made, that
this amendment makes the bill incongruous,
I should not insist on the objection. But I
think the gentleman's object can be accom-
plished in another way, and we may as well
be relieved from it on this pension bill.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. A little while ago I sug-
gested that I should offer a particular amend-
ment which was named. On consultation with
the members of the Pension Committee, I am
disposed not to offer the amendment which I
spoke of; butl do propose to amend the amend-
ment of the Senator from West Virginia in the
eighth and ninth lines by striking out the words
"in battle." That part of the section now
confines the right to pensions to the widows
and children of those who have died or who
may hereafter die of wounds received in battle
or of disease contracted, &c. The term "bat-
tle," in my opinion, is not broad enough to
cover many cases of death and of injury which
are really received in the military service ; and
if the words be stricken out, then it will author-
ize pensions wherever they met their death in
the line of their duty in the service of the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I accept that amend-
ment. The language which the gentleman pro-
poses to correct is the language of the original
section, but the whole series of pension laws
are as his amendment would make it. I there-
fore accept the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ The modifi-
cation will be made. The question is now on
the amendment as amended.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. _ I offer, on behalf of
the Committee on Pensions, another amend-
ment to the bill, to be inserted as a new sec-
tion after section three:
And be it further enacted. That every pledge, mort-
gage, sale, assignment, or transfer of any right, claim,
or interest in any way granted or arising by or under
the laws of the United States relating to pensions,
shall bo void and of no effcct; and no sum of money
due or to become due to any pensioner under the
laws aforesaid shall be liable to attachment, levy,
or seizui e by or under any legal or equitable process
whatever, whether the same remains with the Pen-
sion Office, or any officer or agent thereof, or is in
course of transmission to the pensioner entitled
thereto, but shall inure wholly to the benefit of such
pensioner.
I will' state to the Senate that this matter
was brought to the attention of the committee
by a letter from a gentleman holding a high
position in one of the eastern cities who stated
that money on its way to a pensioner had been
attached in transitu, and the municipal court
of that city had upheld it. I was under the
impression that the laws forbade that; and I
looked over the whole series of laws, and I
found two clauses which resembled the first
part of this amendment, but both of them re-
ferred to the pensions granted by those acts.
I have therefore adopted, I believe, with a
very slight variation, if any—I do not know of
any—in the first part of this amendment the
provisions of the former laws, making them
apply to all pensions, and I have added a
clause at the close to meet precisely such a
case as was brought to the notice of the com-
mittee, that of a seizure under attachment or
trustee process of money that was in transitu
from a pension agent to the pensioner. I trust
there will be no objection to this amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is that provision found
in the general pension laws ?
Mr. VAN WINKLE. It is found in two
laws, one, I think, regulating the pensions
of the war of 1812, and one regulating the
pensions of the Mexican war; both have lan- .
guage prohibiting " any pledge, mortgage, sale,
assignment, or transfer of any right, claim, or
interest in any way granted by this act."
That is in both, and consequently there is
no such law, as-everybody supposed there was,
referring to pensions granted since 1861.
Mr. JOHNSON. Does this amendmentem-
brace all pensions?
Mr. VAN WINKLE. Yes, sir.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is not confined to pen-
sions under this act.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. It embraces all pen-
sions, and is so intended.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I have an other amend-
ment to offer to that of the committee, to come
in as a new section after section three:
And he it further enacted, That no claim agent or
other person shall hereafter charge or receive more
than fifty cents for preparing the papers necessary
to enable a pensioner to leceive a semi-annual pay-
ment of his pension; nor shall any pension agent
charge or receive more than twenty-five cents for
administering an oath to a pensioner, under a pen-
alty of five dollars in each case.
This matter has been brought to the notice
of the committee by a pension agent in one of
the largest eastern cities. He states that per-
sons are charging for the service of filling a
very short blank and administering an oath
from one to two dollars. I believe that most
of the States in taxing affidavits have remitted
the costs in cases where the affidavits are for
the purpose of obtaining pensions. It is cer-
tainly wrong that persons should be allowed to
charge those exorbitant prices.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I have another amend-
ment, and I believe it is the last. It is a new
section, to come in as section ten:
And be it further enacted. That section four of an
act entitled "An act to grant pensions," approved
July 14,1862, is hereby so amended that the provis-
ions thereof shall apply to and include the orphan
brother or brothers, as well as sister or sisters, under
sixteen years of age, of a deceased officer or other
person named in section one of the above entitled
act, who were dependent upon him for support, in
whole or in part, subject to the same limitations and
restrictions.
This amendment came to us from the House
committee, who had intended to insert it in the
bill originally, but accidentally omitted to do
so. The section of the act of 18C2 to which it
refers provides that where a soldier dying has
left or may leave an orphan sister or sisters
under sixteen years of age, the pension shall
go to such sister or sisters. It is palpable that
many may have left an orphan brother or
brothers under that age, who are as equally
helpless as the sisters. It seems only fair that
the section should be extended to those infant
brothers, as well as to infant sisters.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in.
It was ordered that the amendments be en-
grossed and the bill read the third time. The
bill was read the third time and passed.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move, now, to
take up the bill (S. No. 230) for the classifica-
tion and graduation of invalid pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move the in-
definite postponement, of this bill, the same
