8630
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6,
as hair-seating, forty-five cents per square yard;
on hair cloth other than seating, fifty per cent.
ad valorem
Mr. O'NEILL. I will withdraw my amend-
ment to allow that to be offered, as it reaches
the object I have in view. .
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I now offer
the amendment I have just read. I agree very
generally with what the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. O'Neill] has said upon this
subject. This matter of hair-cloth and hair-
seating is not a very large interest. Until a
very short time since this article was made
chiefly in England and Germany. But there
are now some two or three moderate-sized fac-
tories in this country; one in Rhode. Island,
one in New York, and, I think, one in Penn-
sylvania. But it is impossible for them to con-
tinue the manufacture of this article in compe-
tition with foreign - manufacturers of it at the
present low rate of duty. I trust the Commit-
tee of the Whole will agree to the amendment
I have proposed, for I am satisfied the public
interest will be served thereby. I believe this
is the first time during the progress of this bill
that I have suggested any increase of duty on
any article. But I do it in this instance be-
cause, as this subject has been represented to
me, I am satisfied that the interests of this
manufacture require it.
Mr. MORRILL. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Rice] for several reasons. One reason is that
this article is of very different qualities, some
of which are worth at least double what other
qualities are worth. And I believe the constit-
uents of the gentleman are as much interested
in keeping this article at a reasonable rate of
duty as the constituents of any other gentleman
here. To my own knowledge a very large
amount of manufactures in which this article is
largely consumed arc made either in Boston or
its immediate vicinity; and they are made there
not only for consumption in the United States,
but also for export. The increased duty pro-
posed by the Committee of Ways and Means,
in consequence of the pressure brought to bear
upon them by manufacturers, who complain of
(lie dearness of labor, of ten per cent., is cer-
tainly as much as is reasonable, and I trust no
more will be granted by this committee.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Rich, of Massachusetts, and upon
a division there were—ayes 80, noes 37; no
quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Rice of Mas-
sachusetts, and Mr. Garfield, were appointed.
The committee again divided, and the tellers
reported—ayes 48, noes 49.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On In<li.vrubbor shoes and boots," and all manu-
factures of India-rubbor not herein otherwiso pro-
vided for, fifty por cout. ad valorem.
No amendment was offered.
Mr. MORRILL. I move-to insert after the
paragraph last read the following paragraphs;
On fabrics of India-rubber and other materials
combined, three inches wido or over, six cents por
lineal yaid, and forty-five per cent, ad valorem.
On all other fabrics of India-rubber and other
materials combined, not otherwise provided for,
twenty-five cents for every one hundred and forty-
four yards, and lifty per cent, ad valorem.
On braces and suspenders made of India-rubber
and other materials combined, thirty-five cents per
dozen, and fifty per cent, ad valorem.
On umbrella and parasol elastic ties, six cents
per dozen, and fifty per eent. ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to insert the fol-
lowing paragraph after the amendment last
adopted:
On xxxanufaetures of gutta-percha, and on all man-
ufactured insulated telegraphic or electric wires or
cables used for submarine, telegraphic, or other pur-
poses, fifty per eent. ad valorem,.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
On marble,white statuary, brocatelle, Sienna, Verde
antique, in block, rough or squared, one dollar per
cubic foot, and, in addition thereto, twenty-five per
cent, ad valorem; on veined marble, and marble of
all other descriptions, not herein otherwise provided
xoi\ ill block, rough or squared, one dollar per cubic
foot; on marble polished, finished, orpartly finished,
marble chimney-pieces, and all other manufactures
of marble, seventy per cent, advalorem.
Mr. KELLEY. I move to amend by striking
out in the forty-seventh and forty-eighth lines
the words "one dollar" and inserting in lieu
thereof the words " seventy cents;" so that the
Clause will read, "on veined marble and mar-
ble of all other descriptions not herein other-
wise provided for, in block, rough or squared,
seventy cents per cubic foot." I .offer this
amendment because, in my judgment, it allows
a sufficiently liberal increase upon an interest
which I think is adequately protected now;
while the new rate proposed in the bill will
exclude an article which we cannot produce
in this country. The present duty amounts
to one hundred per cent. Italian marble sold
in the market at auction—and it is all sold at
auction—sells at from sixty-three to sixty-five
cents per cubic foot; and the present duty is
fifty cents per foot and twenty per. cent, ad val-
orem, making a duty of about sixty-three cents.
The Italian marble does not compete with
our American marble. It is needed for such
work as that before you,, Mr. Chairman, re-
quii-ing a high polish and sharp lines, and for
monuments which are exposed to the weather.
Our American marble—and we produce it in
the township adjoining my district—is too por-
ous. It will not bear exposure to the weather.
It absorbs liquids and is tarnished by them.
It is easily affected by acids. It is not suita-
ble for monuments. And now, at a period
when a grateful people all over our broad coun-
try are striving to erect monuments wlxieh shall
be enduring to the brave men who have died
to save their country, the legislation proposed
will either prevent the making of those monu-
ments of marble or constrain their construction
of an article not durable, an article easily de-
faccable, an article which, exposed to our varia-
ble climate, will scarcely live through the gen-
eration and preserve the lettering upon its face.
There is in this whole bill no item in refer-
ence to which such a duty as this is proposed.
Upon kid gloves the duty is but fifty cents.
Upon various manufactured articles the duty
ranges from fifteen to fifty cents. Yet here
upon a raw material, which really does not
coirxe in conflict with any of our own products,
wo propose to put a duty of one hundred and
fifty per cent. I say that it does not come in
conflict with any native product, because our
American marble is bought before it is quar-
ried. It is bought in the quarry. It never has
to find its way to auction or to public sale. In
our Pennsylvania quarries and in those of Ver-
mont, strata are now, I venture to say, marked
"with the owner's name, having been bought as
they lay where nature placed them, and now
waiting to be gotten out. The duty on this ar-
ticle is now, as I have said, about sixty-three
cents, or one hundred per eent. Seventy cents,
an increase of seven cents, will compensate for
the prevailing high prices and derangement in
labor, and will leave our Amex-ican max-ble ad-
equately protected against Italian competition
for any purposes for which marble is fit.
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Chairman, I am op-
posed to this amendment. I believe that Ital-
ian marble, Verde antique, &c., may bo as prop-
erly classed among the luxuries of the country
as anything upon which we assess a duty.
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman will permit
me to say that my amendment does not apply
to Verde antique.
Mr. SPALDING. I understand the gentle-
man as proposing to reduce the rate of duty
named in the bill upon Italian marble; and the
gentleman says that we must make this reduc-
tion because we have monuments to erect over
the graves of our faithful soldiers who have
fallen in the country's defense. Sir, if a mon-
ument of Italian marble is to be erected over
the grave of any of our soldiers let it be done;
but, my word for it, the fund which raises that
monument will pay the duty upon the marble.
Sir, this marble is not wanted for the soldier's
grave. It would be honorable to the nation if
our solders' gi-aves could be adorned with mon-
uments of American marble. Who of those
within the sound of my voice has friends ox-
relatives whose names are commemorated in
Italian marble? Soldiers' representatives, the
survivors of soldiers, do not expect it. It is
only an appeal made to our sympathy on this
and every other occasion. I say this marble
is wanted to decorate the palaces of the rich in
our country, men who are able to pay foj this
and all other articles of luxury. If we raise
the duty on any one we should raise it on those
who are rich and able to erect palaces and dec-
orate them with Italian marble and Verde an-
tique. The committee have acted wisely, in
nxy judgment, in putting this duty upon this
importation. I would not abate one particle
of it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I move to strike out
""seventy" and insert "seventy-five." Mr.
Chairman, there is perhaps no section of the
country more interested in this question than
my district. The marble the gentleman [Mr.
Kelley] speaks of is, as to the marble of Ver-
mont,, a satyr to Hyperion. This is a question
of facts and figures. It is said the people of
Vermont who are interested in the marble
quarries have become rich. It is not true, sir.
Up to the present day there has not been as
much derived from the marble quarries of Ver-
mont as lias been invested in developing them.
The marble region of Vermont is almost en-
tirely in my disti-ict. Marble quarries are being
opened at great expense, and unless there is
adequate protection afforded the work will have
to cease. Let us see'what the effect will be.
This is a question of revenue with fair refex-ence
to protection. Before 1864 the duty on Italian
marble was forty cents a cubic foot. The duty
derived under that tariff was, in the year ending
June SO, 1864, $43,390 40; and when the duty
was increased from forty to fifty cents a cubic
foot we had the dealers in Italian marble here
saying if we increased the duty, it would stop
entirely the importation of Italian marbles.
What was the result? During the year ending
June 30, 1805, the revenue on Italian marble
rose fx-om $43,390 40 to $81,764 20.
Look still further to see what the effect of
the present tariff has been, whether or not it
has prevented the importation of Italian mar-
ble, as importers of Italian -marble then pre-
dicted. The number of feet in eleven months
after the tariff of 1864 over and above what was
imported the previous year was forty-five thou-
sand five hundred and eighty, and the increase
of duty was $32,937, for eleven months after
the tariff was raised from forty to fifty cents,
and when Italian marble importers said they
would be ruined against twelve months when
the tariff was forty cents a cubic foot. From
June 30, 1863, to June 30, 1864, the duty was
$43,340 15; and from: July 1, 1865, to June 9,
1866, eleven months after the duty was in-
creased, it was raised from $43,340 15 to
$114,079. In other words, in spite of what
these gentlemen said before the committee and
the House, there was an increase of revenue in
eleven months of $71,000. What is the cost of
Italian marble® I have it from the gentlemen
who came here interested in the article in 1864.
The price, delivered by lighters from the quar-
ries at Carrara, is sixty-five cents a cubic foot,
and the whole cost of freight and all reduced to
gold is only $2 11 per cubic foot.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELLEY. I oppose the amendment and
insist upon seventy cents. My. distinguished
friend from Ohio [Mr. Spalding] is pained at
the very suggestion that any American should
have a monument of Italian marble. Sir, ho
cannot point to polished marble in any of our
large cemeteries that is not Italian. And does
he mean to say that our soldiers shall have
monuments that are neither enduring nor pol-
ished? Does he mean to say that henceforth
all such work as embellishes out cemeteries
shall be- excluded? There are certain things
that we cannot construct of American marble
so that they shall vie with foreign art or develop
our own art genius from our own marble. I
