1710
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
his tavern bill, the next thing he would hear
would be, if he had any property here that it was
attached, and if he lived at some distance——
Mr. CLARIv. Only where he goes away
without paying.
Mr. JOHNSON. But he may go away hav-
ing paid and then be charged with not having
paid ; such things have occurred. 1 will not
make any presumption to embrace members
of Congress, for they always pay, and they go
away without anything to attach [laughter]
unless they happen to have houses here, as is
the case with some. It may subject people to
a good deal of inconvenience. I do not know
(I have no experience on the subject) that the
absence of the power has been the cause of
any material loss to the residents of the Dis-
trict; I submit, therefore, to the Senator that
perhaps he had better consider the question
whether that particular provision of the bill
should not be so guarded as to protect the cit-
izen against improper proceedings of this kind.
Mr. WADE. I believe it is very well guarded.
Whoever wishes to get out an attachment for
the property of another person must file his
own affidavit, and in addition to that must
prove the facts by other independent testi-
mony. This, I believe, is more a restriction on
the issue of attachments than exists in most of
the States. I think the bill in that particular
is unusually well guarded.
Mr. JOHNSON. Permit me to ask the
Senator whether there is any provision for
giving notice in the public prints of the attach-
ment.
Mr. WADE. No. It is not a foreign at-
tachment. It does not seize property in the
absence of the party, and therefore that notice
is not required.
As to what the Senator has remarked in re-
gard to the admiralty jurisdiction of the court,
I said that 1 believed they had exercised that
jurisdiction which this bill expressly gives, but
they had exercised it under a bill that did not
expressly give it. They took it by implication.
It was thought that that matter had bettor be
made positive and certain, and therefore this
bill gives the jurisdiction expressly. I do not
know that there is any ground for any consid-
erable doubt, as to the authority of the court
to exercise jurisdiction in maritime cases, where
they have done it; .but that jurisdiction is not
now expressly given by law, and therefore it
might bo supposed that there was some reason
for making a question on that point. This bill
gives it expressly. I think it well to do so as
we are passing a bill on the subject.
The main provisions of the bill relate to the
practice of the court, and were got up under
the authority of the court by their clerk, I
belii'vc. It is their desire that the practice
should be altered as this bill proposes to alter
it. It is not altered vciy materially from what
it is now, but in some particulars the court
thought it would bo convenient to have modi-
fication made. The bill docs not touch the
righN of anybody, and docs not alter the law,
materially, upon any subject. It alters the
manner of process, and of seizing the property
of a person about to abscond to the injury of
his creditor, when affidavit is made and proper
testimony given. In such eases the plaintiff
can attach the property ; but if the defendant
sees fit to trao'ixe ih<- allegations he may do
so, and have the que.-tion of fact tried before
the judges of the court, notice being given.
Then, if the charge is a groundless one, it will
be dismissed by a judge at chambers. I think
the bill is very cautiously drawn, and is very
proper.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have 110 objection to the
bill.
Mr. MOIIRILL. I wish to say a word upon
the question of attachment which has been ad-
verted to by the Senator from Maryland. It
will be found that the bill is particularly guarded
on that subject. The committee hud in view
somewhat the method of proceed!:!', in s, wral
of the States. What is the practice there, par-
ticularly in New England, has never oo aincd
hero, but it will be found on comparison that
this bill is vastly more guarded than anything
that obtains in any of the New England States.
It will be seen that in order to enable the party
to issue a writ of attachment and_ hold prop-
erty—it is not an attachment against the per-
son, but an attachment of property —there
must, in the first place, be an affidavit of the
plaintiff, and that affidavit must be supported
by the testimony of one or more witnesses,
showing the grounds upon which he bases his
claim, that he has aright to recover against the
defendant, and then it must show, in addition,
that the defendant is either a non-resident of
the District, or, second, that the defendant
evades the service of ordinary process, by con-
cealing himself, or, in the third place, that he
has removed, or is about to remove, some of
his property from the District to defeat the col-
lection of the debt.
I submit, therefore, that the terms upon which
the pi-occss is to be issued seem to preclude the
possibility, or, at least, the probability of injus-
tice toward the defendant. But to put it still
further beyond the reach of danger, the defend-
ant is allowed to come in with a counter-affi-
davit traversing these allegations, or any of
them, if he chooses to do so, and that fact may
be submitted at onco to the court, who shall
confirm or dismiss the process according to the
facts. I think if the process is to be given at
all—and the propriety of that I suppose will
not be questioned—it could hardly be better
guarded than it seems to have been by this bill.
I concur entirely—and I believe the committee
were unanimous in their concurrence—that the
salaries of these judges ought to bo increased
at least to the amount proposed.
Mr. SACJJjSBUJtY. Some five years ago,
sir, the courts of this District were composed
of men of great learning in the law; they had
been on the bench for many years; the salary
of the chief justice, according to my recollec-
tion, was $3,000, of the associate judges $2,600."
The act oiganizing that court was changed so
as to get rid of those judges and to putin their
placcs other judges, two of wliem were defeated
members of Congress in their own States. Being
defeated for Congress, they were provided for
with seats upon the bench in this District. I
shall say nothing against those judges, for I
certainly have no unkind feelings to them per-
sonally, but their predecessors only received,
the chief justice §3,000, and the associates
$2,500. The proposition now is to give these
gentlemen, who I presume sought the places
they hold, or if they did not seek, very will-
ingly accepted them, a large increase of sal-
ary. When the salary of any public ntliccr is
too low, there is always a remedy without an
increase of compensation. If he is not satis-
fied with the situation, he has the liberty to
retire, and there are plenty of others equally
qualified who will accept, the place. If the
salary of these gentlemen is not sufficiently
large, if they are not satisfied with their posi-
tion at the present compensation, they certainly
have the liberty to retire from the bench and
go to the practicc of their profession and see
whether they can make more.
Mr. President, the chief justice of my State
receives $1,200 per annum, and the associate
justices $1,100; and I think the judiciary of
that State will compare vciy favorably at least
with the judiciary of the District of Columbia,
I may say with the judiciary of any State in
the Union. Those gentlemen hold their placcs
upon the bench not from the mere money con-
sideration : there is something of dignity, some-
thing of honor in being a judge of a court. Men
do not seek those places for the pecuniary con-
sideration. There is a great deal of honor,
character, and dignity in the situation.
I shall vote against the bill because it is within
my remembrance that the very able judiciary
who preceded the present bench of this Dis-
trict were willing to retaintheirplaees at the sal-
ary of $3,000 for the chief justice and $2,500
for the associates. They were not allowed to
do so, but provision was made for these gen-
tlemen by appointing them to the bench; and
now, I think, the best thing they can possi-
bly do, if they are not satisfied to retain their
positions at the present salary, is gracefully to
retire, and tliero are plenty of lawyers, equally
able, I presume, in this District, who will ac-
cept their places. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WADE. Several Senators about me do
not seem to understand what this amendment
is. It is to increase the salary of the chief jus-
tice of the supreme court of the District of
Columbia $1,500, and of the associate justices
$1,000, so that hereafter the chief justice will
receive $4,500, and the associate justices §4,000.
That is all there is in the section.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 5; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buekalew, Chandler,
Cragin, Fessenden, Foster, Guthrie, Harris, Hen-
derson, Howe, Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Mor-
gan, Morrill, Ncsmith, Harascy, Sumner, Trumbull,
Van Winkle, Wade, Willey, Williams, Wilson, and
Q —24
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Clark, Cowan, Davis, and
Saulsbury—5.
ABSENT—Messrs. Conness, Crcswell, Dixon, Doo-
little, Grimes, Ilendrieks, Howard, Kirlcwood, Lane
of Kansas, McDougall, Norton, Nye, Poland, Poin-
croy, Riddle, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, and
Wright—19.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. I did not see this bill before
it came up for consideration to-day, but I think
the fifth section is very objectionable. It au-
thorizes the issuing of an attachment by the
clerk of the court—a thing which I think
scarcely allowable. An attachment is a pretty
serious sort of thing. It seizes a man's prop-
erty in advance. It is a preliminary execution.
It takes a man's property out of his possession
before he has an opportunity to be heard. This
fifth section provides that a man's property may
be seized upon a warrant to be issued by tho
clerk of the court—a thing I never heard of
before. There is no limit as to the amount.
A man's store may be shut up at onco without
any previous knowledge or notice, upon a pro-
cess issued by the clerk, without any authority
or warrant from the judge. I do not think that
will do. It is said that tho man who applies
for an attachment must give security to cover
all the damage that may be sustained by the
defendant, but the amount and character of
that security are not prescribed. I think this
provision will be liable to very great abuse. It
is one of the highest offices of a judicial tribunal
to issue an attachment in advance of a trial,
and the case ought to be submitted to some
judicial officer before that warrant goes. It
never was beard of before that a clerk of a
court was authorized to issue an attachment
like that.
Mr. MORRILL. My honorable friend is
greatly mistaken in supposing that the issuing
of a writ of attachment in this way was never
heard of before in the jurisprudence of this
country.
Mr. HARRIS. I have never known of a
provision to seize a man's property without
better care than this.
Mr. MORRILL. Why, Mr. President, it is
ordinary, it is universal. There is not a State
iu New England where it is not universal,
where it is not ordinary. It is the ordinary
course of proceedings. A man desires to suo
out a writ of attachment; he never sees the
judge; ho never applies to tho judge; the
only thing he is bound to do in my State,
is to state on the back of tho writ that he
has reason to believe, and does believe, that
the party is about to absent himself, and then
he not only takes his property but he takes the
man himself; he arrests him. lie wants to
hold him for the security of his debt. This
process of attachment in all the New England
States is the ordinary proceeding for the col-
lection of a debt, and it issues precisely like a
summons in every State of New England ; I
believe there is not an exception ; and it issues
without the guarantee contained in this bill;
it issues as a matter of course. A plaintiff
having a debt goes to a lawyer ; tho lawyer has
a blank of the court signed by the clerk; the
