1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
231
39th Cong.... 1st
Reconstruction—Mr. Davis.
Senate.
own convictions of duty because a majority of
the jury should so direct, and by their verdict
condemn an innocent man to death? The Con-
stitution meant to guard itself against amend-
ments by requiring the deliberate judgment of
each Senator and member acting solely each
for himself. In Andrew Johnson is our only
safety. His policy alone can protect our liber-
ties. I trust that in the providence of God he
will have support from the people sufficient to
save our country from wreck. I believe he
will yet work out a bright destiny for the Amer-
ican people.
Let me tell gentlemen upon the other side
of the House that they are now legislating for
those who are to come after them; and I appeal
to them, although I may appeal in vain, to act
upon the deliberate convictions of their judg-
ment and conscience, and not to change the
fundamental law of this country and destroy
the constitutional equilibrium of the States
merely because a secret caucus of a portion
of the members of the United States Senate
may dictate to them so to do.
There is nothing which the Constitution
guards with greater care than an amendment
to it. It provides that upon a proposition to
amend it, unlike a proposition of minor impor-
tance, a two-thirds vote shall be requisite, and
that the vote of each Senator or member,1' yea''
or "nay," upon a proposition of so vitally im-
portant a character, shall be recorded upon the
Journal. A two-thirds vote of both Houses in
favor of a proposition for a constitutional
amendment is necessary before such a propo-
sition can be submitted to the States for ratifi-
cation.
I am here to denounce this attempt to stifle
the common sense, reason, judgment, and
understanding of the honorable gentlemen
upon that side of the House who represent the
Republican or so-called Union party of this
country. I allow my action to be influenced by
no caucus in deciding upon a proposed amend-
ment to the organic law of the land. I have a
duty which I owe to my country and to those
who are to come after me. I owe it to the
sacred memory of the revolutionary dead,
whose glorious deeds of courage and patriot-
ism constitute the proudest inheritance of the
American citizen, that the work of our fathers
should not be amended but by honest individual
conviction. In voting upon a question affect-
ing the great Magna Charta of our liberties,
the bulwark of our rights, I act from the dic-
tates of an honest judgment, exerted with all
the impartiality and candor which God has
enabled me to exercise. I yield not to the
dictates of anj' party caucus that may attempt
to control my action upon so vital a question.
Sir, I say that no Senator, or member of this
House, is accountable to any caucus upon a
question like this. Our only responsibility is
to the hundreds of thousands of brave men who
fought the recent war to a triumphant conclu-
sion, and the millions of people throughout the
country who are looking to us to act honestly,
conscientiously, and wisely upon this great
question.
I understand the controlling influence of
party caucuses and party conventions. I know
they may be necessary in ordinary and primary
matters. I am always willing to yield to their
action upon mere partyprinciples embodied in
a platform, and always do cheerfully sustain
and abide by their action. I believe a man is
in honor bound to support any convention in
which he participates; I mean a mere party
convention, held to lay down the doctrines of
a party. But ho is a parasite who would yield
his convictions up<5u fundamental principles to
any caucus or convention or party. I will
not support a flagrant violation of the funda-
mental law of the Government in order that
my party may secure or retain political power.
If they should ever attempt that, as this article
does, I would withdraw from the party organ-
ization and declare my soul shall not be seared
with the sin of yielding up my own convictions
upon fundamental principles to others, who
were not more likely to be right than I.
Why, sir, we go so far as to say in this con-
stitutional amendment that everybody who shall
be naturalized or born in the United States
shall not only be a citizen of the United States,
but a citizen of each and every one of the sev-
eral States. Everybody here knows that under
the 'old Constitutution now proposed to be
amended a man may be a citizen of the United
States and yet have no citizenship in any State.
What is there more vital, what is there more
important than for a State to have the control
of its own local affairs? Yet here we have a
proposition to be submitted to the States to
deprive the people of the States of that right.
And we not only do that, but it is proposed
to exclude nearly all the able men of the South
from holding either Federal or State .office.
I give you warning that no southern State
except Tennessee, where despotism reigns, will
ratify or indorse any such amendment. You
do not want them to ratify it, and have placed
it there on purpose to prevent them from rati-
fying it.
It not only excludes all those who went vol-
untarily into the rebellion, but all those who
were involuntarily forced into it. I hope some
gentleman on the other side will have the jus-
tice at least to offer an amendment that those
shall not be excluded who were involuntarily
forced into the rebellion by conscription or
otherwise. You do not intend to allow the
South representation at all, and the whole ob-
ject of this legislation is to give you an excuse
to keep the Union divided. If you considered
each one of your sections important to the
country, you would have submitted to the Le-
gislatures each section as a separate article,
so that the States that objected to some could
have ratified others. The first twelve amend-
ments to the Constitution were submitted sep-
arately and ten were ratified and two rejected.
This is a revolutionary movement to forestall
the action of the people by calling the present
Legislatures together to pass upon them. Tliey
never will be ratified by three quarters of the
States. None of you expect they will. The
repudiation of the rebel debt and the validity
of the Federal debt would meet with the ap-
probation of every State; yet you link them
with the rest to prevent any from being rat-
ified.
Reconstruction.
SPEECH OF HON. GARRETT DAVIS,
OF KENTUCKY,
Ik the United States Senate,
June 1, 18G6.
The Senate having under consideration the joint
resolution (ii. R. No. 127) proposing an amendment
to the Constitution of the United States—
Mr. DAVIS said:
Mr. President : We have been admon-
ished by some of the leading members of the
majority in the Senate, that Congress is now
'about entering upon the seventh month of
its session, and that the public business was
never so far behind at so late a period at any
previous session of Congress as it now is. I
think, that the honorable Senators who give
this admonition and their friends, are alone
responsible for the great backwardness of both
Houses in the transaction of the public busi-
ness. 1 admit that there is a very great state
of backwardness in relation to the transaction
of the legitimate, proper, and useful portion
of the public business; but as to the business
that is of an illegitimate and mischievous char-
acter, and that is calculated to produce results
deleterious to the present and the future of the
whole country, there has been a good deal,
much too much, of progress made. This tardi-
ness in the transaction of the important, useful,
and appropriate business of the country has
resulted from a fixed and determined purpose,
manifested in various propositions, of the ma-
jority of Congress to elevate what are denom-
inated the freedmen, to aggrandize them, to
make an unparalleled provision in its extent
and expensiveness for the maintenance of the
young, the aged, the infirm, and the helpless,
and the religious and intellectual education
of them all; and to force, if possible, upon
Congress and the country the dogma of negro
suffrage.
Another cause of the consumption of time is
the general disposition of the majority to tinker
with the Constitution, their numerous proposi-
tions to amend it, and the discussion of them in
both Houses. And still another fruitful cause
of much waste of time has been the war that is
prevailing between that majority in both Houses
and the Executive, not upon bis part as I con-
ceive, but by that majority upon him. I was
never of the politics of the President, nor lie
of mine; but at the present time and for some
time past his leading measures have received
my approval and my hearty support. I think,
notwithstanding the number of protests to the
contrary in this Chamber, that his policy, as it
is termed, is but a continuation of the later
policy of the late President, but a continua-
tion of the policy and principles to which the
majority of both Houses of Congress stand
pledged in the most solemn forms. We now see,
though, that this majority, lately the friends
of the President, are engaged in a war upon
him, and that war manifests itself in various
aspects and modes. They denounce him; they
denounce his measures, his policy. He is a
coordinate branch of the Government; or at
least the executive" department is, and he is
the chief executive officer. He is as independ-
ent in his constitutional position in the Govern-
ment, and in the legitimate exercise of the pow-
ers and functions of his office as is Congress
in the exercise of its powers and functions, and
he ought no more to be assailed by Congress,
or to be obstructed in the legitimate exercise
of those powers, than Congress should be in the
exercise of its powers by him.
Among his powers is the veto. We have
seen repeated and persevering efforts made
by Congress, with a considerable amount of
success, to checkmate the veto power of the
President by their achieving, as I think, ille-
gitimately and unconstitutionally, a majority
of two thirds, and over two thirds, in both
Houses. And one of the objects of the ma-
jority in presenting the extraordinary propo-
sition under consideration is to attain and con-*
tinue a political power that will enable it and
its sectional successors to control the future
legislation of Congress; to overrule presiden-
tial vetoes; to hold possession of and direct
all the operations of the Government. But
what is the immediate cause that has brought,
down the majority in such relentless hostility
to the President? Let us examine for the
object and the animus. Under the late Ad-
ministration the President and Congress were
in accord ; that is, the good man who then filled
the office of President was so flexible in his
nature and will that he permitted himself to be
driven from his own principles and purposes,
often, by the vehemence, energy, and stronger
will of the radical leaders in Congress. One
of the most celebrated apostles of abolition-
ism in America, Phillips, remarked on a cer-
tain occasion, ''Mr. Lincoln is a growing man;
and why does he grow ? Because we have wa-
tered him." And there was a great deal of
truth expressed in those few words. The ab-
olitionists in Congress and out of Congress
watered the late President. They caused him
to grow in the direction and shape that they
wished him. They warped him from his own
principles and policy to theirs. And what is
the great sin of the present Executive of the
United Slates? It is that he will not make
himself the leader, the obedient tool of the
