1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ei i
Mr. STEVENS. I understand the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Washbitrnk] to ask if
the appropriation remains the same.
Mr. \VASHBURNK, of Illinois. No, sir;
but whether a construction can be given to the
law, as now proposed to be amended, which
will allow any compensation in addition to
what has heretofore been given by existing
laws.
Mr. STEVENS. I understand it will not
have that effect.
Mr. BROOKS. I have not had time to ex-
amine this bill. But I will ask the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Wasiiburne,] as ho seems
to have examined the bill, whether there is any
thing in it providing that national banks shall
act, as pension agents, in order to relieve the
country from that heavy expenditure. I think
there ought to be some provision made in some
of these pension bills that the national banks
shall incur the expenses now incurred by the
pension agencies for the payment of pensions,
&c. These banks are deriving great advantages
from the Government, and they ought to incur
these expenditures. We were promised in the
lost Congress that some provision of this sort
should bo made.
Mr. WASHBIIRNE, of Illinois. There is
nothing of that kind in this bill. And however
favorable I might be to the proposition of the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks,] 1
should oppose it in this bill as being independ-
ent legislation in an appropriation bill, which
the gentleman agrees with mo should be kept
cut of such bills.
The amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in.
The next amendment was to insert at the end
of the bill the following as a new section :
Sec. 2. Andbe it further enacted, That the following
sum be, and the same is hereby, appropriat ed to sup-
ply a deficiency in the appropriation for the fiscal year
ending June 30,1866, out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated:
For revolutionary pensions and pensions of widows,
children, mothers, andt-isters of soldiers, as provided
for by acts of March IS, 1818: May 15,1828 : June 7,
1832; July 4,1836; July 7,1838; March 3,1813; June
7,1844; February 2, July 21, and July 29, 1818 ; Feb-
ruary 3,1853; June 3,1858, and July!, 1862,^2,500,000.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was as follows:
To insert after the words "July 14, "1802,1'
the words '''' to be paid out of the Navy pension
fund; so that the same will read:
Nor Navy pensions to widows, children, mothers
and sisfors, per n.<:r. of August 11,1818. and July 14
1862, to bo paid out of the Navy pension fund,
$140,000.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was to amend the title
by adding the words "and additional appro-
priations for the year ending the 30tli of J une,
180G."
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the
votes by which the House concurred in the
several amendments of the Senate; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
madbon's writings.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate joint resolution No. 17, directing the
distribution of the writings of James Madison.
The joint resolution was read a first and sec-
ond time.
It directs the Joint Committee on the Library
to distribute by mail or otherwise the five hun-
dred copies of the writings of James Madison,
published by authority of Congress, as follows:
to the President of the United States, one copy;
to the libraries of the different Executive De-
partments and of the Postmaster General and
Attorney General, one copy each; to each mem-
ber of the present Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives, one copy; to the Library of Con-
gress, ten copies ; to the libraries of the several
States and Territories of the Union, one copy
each; to such public and college libraries as
may be designated by the present Joint Com-
mittee on the Library, one hundred copies; the
residue to be retained in the Department of the
Interior for future distribution.
Mr. STEVENS moved to refer the joint reso-
lution to the Joint Committee on the Library.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I hope wo
shall not proceed to vote ourselves books at
this early period of the session. I move that
the joint resolution be laid on the table.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. The motion to lay on the
table is not debatable.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I withdraw
my motion for the present, that the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Keixey] may explain
this matter.
Mr. KELLEY. I desire simply to state that
this resolution has been before the Joint Com-
mittee on the Library, having been examined
by that committee before its passage in the
Senate. It provides, not for the purchase of
any books, but simply for the distribution of
books now on hand.
Mr. SCOPTEL1). I would like to inquire of
my colleague [Mr. Ki:u,ey] whether these
books have been paid for, whether, after the
passage of this resolution, we may not be called
upon to pay for these documents.
Mr. KELLEY. As 1 understand, the Gov-
ernment purchased some time ago a certain
number of copies of this work, and lias them
now on hand. This resolution simply provides
for the distribution of these documents, which
the Government bought and paid for long ago.
It docs not contemplate the purchase of a single
volume.
Mr. WASITBURNE, of Illinois. I renew the
motion that the joint resolution be laid on the
table.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SPALDING. I hope that the motion to
refer this resolution to the Committee on the
Library will be withdrawn, and that the resolu-
tion will be passed now.
Mr. STEVENS. I withdraw the motion to
refer.
The joint resolution was ordered to bo road a
third time : was road the 1 hird time. and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on 1 lie table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
contested election ih03i michigan*.
Mr. SCOFIELD, from the Committee of
Elections, to whom was referred the petition of
Augustus C. Baldwin, claiming to be entitled to
the seat now occupied by Rowland E. Tuow-
intinoE as a Repi esentalive from ihe fifth con-
gressional district of Michigan, submitted a
report, accompanied with the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That Rowland E. Trowbridge is entitled
to a seat in this House a= a, Remesontative from the
fifth congressional district of Michigan.
The report and resolution, with the accom-
panying papers, were laid on the table and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask unanimous consent
to call up the bill No. 201. I do not think it
will take five minutes to pass it.
Mr. LI! BLOND. Does the gentleman wish
to call up that bill for action now?
Mr. MORRILL. Yes. sir.
Mr. LE BLOND. I insist upon the regular
order.
Mr. MORRILL. Then I move a suspension
of the rules.
The SPEAKER. The House is now acting
under a suspension of the rules. The bill now
in order, the Frecdmen's Bureau bill, is a spe-
cial order, made such under a suspension of
the rules.
freedmen's bureau.
The House, agreeably to order, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. f>0) to enlarge
the powers of the Frecdmen's Bureau.
Mr. TRIMBLE. Mr. Speaker, 1 had not in-
tended to trouble this House with any remarks
after the very able remarks of my colleagues
from Kentucky and others in opposition to the
bill. But when I consider the magnitude,of the'
principles involved in this ineflkure, I feel it my
duty to enter my solemn protest against it arid
to present my views in relation to. the measure.,
I feell would bo recreant to the cause of both
white and black who are to be operated upon,
by this bill.
_ Sir, it will not be my purpose on this occa-
sion to deal in denunciations, criminations, or
recriminations. I shall endeavor not to appeal
to the passions of anyone section of this coun-
try for the purpose of arousing their prejudices
against the inhabitants of another. I shall n<jt
attempt either to appeal to the prejudices which
may exist in the minds of any one in this conn-,
try against either white or black. Unfortu-
nately for our beloved country loo much of that
spirit has been indulged in from one end of the
country to another. My effort, sir, shall be to
appeal to your patriotism, to your love of coun-
try, of justice, and fairness, from one end of
this now divided country to the other.
Mr. Speaker, this bill and its provisions are
to operate upon the entire country from ocean
to ocean, from the lakes to the Gulf. I propose
to enter on the objections I have to this bill,
and the constitutional reasons that induce me
to vote against it; and I firmly believe those
objections arc of such character, if they were
considered calmly and coolly by this House, it
would not receive the sanction of a majority
upon this floor. The principle of this bill
strikes down, in my judgment, the foundations
upon which civil liberty rests, and obliterates
the Constitution and the rights of citizens in
the States and individuals under that Consti-
tution. Under the provisions of the bill no
man, white or black, when those provisions are
brought into successful operation, can feel that
be is an American citizen and entitled to the
protection which the laws of the land afford to
him.
It has boon the boast, sir, of this country that
this land was to be the asylum for the oppressed
of every nai'on and every clime. Let that re-
main the boast and pride of this country. Let
us not by our own acts, let us not by our own
laws, strike down'the liberties of white and
black under the provisions of this bill. Let us
hold this land out as the asylum for the op-
pressed everywhere ; let us still invite them to
our shores ; and let us protect them in all their
rights under the Constitution of our fathers.
"Under the provisions of this act land is to be
taken, farms are to bo opened, and all branches
of industry arc to be operated upon. Where
is the warrant for this? Where is the authority
under the Constitution for such apower to buy
and take land, to distribute land to this unfor-
tunate class of the people? Where is the au-
thority and warrant in the Constitution for that
purpose ? I have read that Constitution in vain
to find the shadow of authority for the passage
of a bill with such extraordinary powers as
these. It is in plain and open violation of that
section in the Constitution of the United States
that provides that no bill of attainder shall be
passed by Congress. It is in plain and open
violation of that provision which declares that
Congress shall have power to declare the pun-
ishment of treason, but no attainder for trea-
son shall work corruption of blood or for-
feiture, except during the life of the person
att ainted.
1 hold this bill is in open and plain violation
of that provision of the Constitution. There
exists no power in this Government to deprive a
citizen of the United States of his property, to
take away the hard earnings of his own indus-
try and bestow them upon this class of citizens.
The only way you can take property in South
Carolina, Georgia, or any other State,_ is to
take that property under the Constitution of
the United States and the laws passed in pur-
suance thereof. It declares that no bill of at-
tainder shall work corruption of blood or for-
feiture, longer than the life of the person at-
tainted. When you have taken the property
\ of a man convicted of the high crime of treason,
| when he is dead you have no right to deprive
! his orphans of that property. This is one of
