232
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 7,
Senate.
Reconstruction—Mr. Davis.
39th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
majorities in the two Houses of Congress; that
his judgment of his powers, of his duties to the
country and to the Government, and of what is
constitutional, wise, and good for the country,
is inconsistent with and may conflict with their
party purposes; and because he will not tamely
submit his own reason and the conclusions
of his own* judgment and conscience to their
behests.
To prove that this position of mine has not
been taken without facts, I will read extracts
from a speech of the honorable Senator from
Michigan, [Mr. Howard,] delivered in this
Chamber some two weeks or more since. That
able Senator referred to the measures of the
President for restoring relations between the
States lately in rebellion and the United States
Government, and characterized them as " his
policy." The Senator then proceeded to make
these remarks:
"Icomplain of this course of conduct on the part
of the Executive, bccause I believe it to be a usur-
pation of the authority which pertains not to him
but to Congress, and here is the gist of the oonti'o-
versy, here is the bone of contention."
Further:
" I will say that it is not competent for a military
commander in the field, whether he be ' Commander-
in-Chief or acting in any other capacity under the
Constitution of the United States, to impart political
or legislative rights to the conquered community.
That is what I assert. The Commander-in-Chief
holds the sword of physical force; all his acts as
1 Commander-in-Chief are connected with the prose-
cution of the war as such, and go not a single inch
beyond the necessities of the war. He has no author-
ity to assume the legislative power that appertains
to the Government who appoints him, and whoso
servant he is, and undertake to exercise legislative
authority in the country where ho is the conqueror.
Let the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania read
the numerous cases in Roman and Grecian his-
tory, and, indeed, in all other histories, in which
attempts have been made on the part of commanders
in the field, and he will not find a single instance in
which any attempt to exercise legislative authority
over a conquered people has been tolerated by the
Government-,'it home." *****
"Tho mere formal question of the power of each
Houso to decide upon credentials is one which I am
not discussing. I go far behind that; I go down to
the bottom, to tho essence of the question, and deny
to the President tho power to impart to the people
ofany rebel State any political rights whatevor; and
I claim that that power belongs to Congress and to
Congress alone."  **■«■?*
"It is said the States have the right of coming back
to Congress. I grant it. They havo the right to re-
turn to their allegianco and be represented in tho two
Houses of Congress; but that right does not accrue
and cannot accrue until the conqueror, the Congress
of tho United States, has seen that it is consistent
with their interests, with tho interests of their people,
the interestof the whole people of tho United States.
Wo hold them to-day not by their own will, not by
their willing fealty to the Government, not in virtue
of their fidelity to the Constitution, but solely, in my
. judgment, even to-day, by virtue of this highest law
Known to communities, physical force."
Mr. President, I have read these extracts
from the speech of the distinguished Senator
from Michigan, who was upon this illegitimate
and hybrid committee of fifteen, raised with-
out any proper authority, acting and coming
to_ conclusions and making recommendations
without any sanction or authority, and obliga-
tory upon no person; my purpose being to show
the animm and the objects which he and the
party of which he is such a distinguished mem-
ber, have in relation to the President and his
constitutional powers in thewarwhich they are
making upon him. I will read, with the same
purpose, a short paragraph extracted from one
of the trusted oracles of this party in the North-
west, the Chicago Tribune, in these words:
"Mr. Johnson is merely the agent of the Repub-
lican party, which is the governing party, or, in
other words, the Government. He is in duty and in
honor bound to carry outitsineasures and principles.
"When he refuses to do so he commits a breach of
trust, and stands in the light of a swindler."
What is this power called "the Govern-
ment' ' by the members of this majority in the
Senate during the last Administration? The
majority of Congress and the Executive were
then in harmony. The Executive was denom-
inated by them " the Government." Gentle-
men could hardly rise in their places and utter
a sentence upon this floor without referring to
the President as " the Government." True
loyalty, all loyalty, then consisted in supporting
the President—"the Government''—and his
measures; and myself and other humble men
who had the independence, or the hardihood,
to dissent from the measures of "the Gov-
ernment,"—of the President—and to condemn
them, were denounced as " copperheads," as
"disloyal." You see now, sir, the arrogant,
profligate, and monstrous position assumed by
this Tribune in Chicago. With him the Pres-
ident is no longer "the Government." "The
Government'' is the majority of Congress, ac-
cording to its designation. By what authority
is the President deposed and the majority in
the two Houses of Congress installed as "the
Government?" In this Chamber no Senator
now denominates the President "the Govern-
ment." Nor do I subscribe to any such ab-
surdity. It is an abuse of terms to call either
the Congress or the President the Government.
The three departments, the legislative, execu-
tive, and judicial, and nothing less, constitute
the Government. All the powers of govern-
ment and of sovereignty trusted to the Gov-
ernment of the United States are divided out
by the Constitution among the three depart-
ments. These departments are coordinate, and
in the exercise of their appropriate constitu-
tional powers they are equally independent;
and where one is making encroachments upon
another, or upon the Constitution generally,
and the liberties of the people, it was the inten-
tion of the founders, not that one department
should be the Government, but that cach should
be a check upon the other, and each should
defend the Constitution and the liberties of the
country from the assaults of the others.
Andrew Johnson is the existing imperson-
ation of the chief executive power of the
Government of the United States—that power
is very limited, to be sure, not extending one
particle beyond the powers enumerated in
the Constitution, and those with which he is
clothed by_ the laws of Congress within the
sphere of its authority so to invest the Presi-
dent with incidental, auxiliary powers as ex-
pressed in the Constitution. The powers of the
judicial department are enumerated, meted,
and bounded out to the Supreme Court and the
courts inferior to it, with the same authority
of Congress by law to invest it with all proper
and necessary incidental powers to execute
those expressly delegated to it.
Now, Mr. President, I proceed to state what
I understand to be a few plain and self-evident
truths as connected with the American system
of government:
1. The great leading feature of the complex
political system of the United States is, that
all sovereignty is divided between the State
governments and a General Government com-
mon to all the States; and that the affairs of
the people with foreign nations, and with each
other as residents of different States, are con-
fided to the General Government.; and those
affairs which relate locally to the people of
each State, their institutions, and rights of per-
son and property, were reserved to the States
respectively, and are exclusively under the
jurisdiction of their governments.
2. The Constitution of the United Stated
forms a Government of delegated and limited
powers, and that Government, or any of its
departments or officers, has not a vestige of
power but what is conferred by the language
of the Constitution.
3. Military law exists by the legislation of
Congress in the form of the Articles of War,
and the Rules and Regulations of the Army.
What is called martial law is the overthrow of
all law and the domination of the arbitrary will
of the military commander. This state of things
cannot exist in any place in the United States
where the civil law can be enforced by the
ciyil courts with the aid and support of the
military power. It is only in such localities
where the civil law and courts have been in
fact deposed by a hostile military force, and
this deposition continues by the actual pres-
ence and operation of the cause which pro-
duced it, that the will of the military com-
mander becomes, of necessity, the law of the
place; and only to the limits and so long a3
the civil law is thus deposed. So soon as the
hostile force is withdrawn, or driven away, or
conquered by friendly arms, the civil law and
courts are reinstated by the principles of the
Constitution, and become again de facto as
they are all the time de jure the supreme law
and authority.
Now, Mr. President, these propositions, in
their length and breadth, are based upon the
Constitution of the United States. They are
not original with me. I have learned them. I
have learned them from Hamilton and Madi-
son in the Federalist, from the debates in the
Convention which framed our Constitution,
from the debates of the different State conven-
tions that adopted it, from the decisions of the
Supreme Court of the United States, particu-
larly the decisions rendered by Chief Justice
Marshall and Justice Story, and from the Com-
mentaries of Chancellor Kent. These great
truths or principles are a part of our system of
government; they are moored in that Govern-
ment and will abide there as long as it lasts
intact by revolution; and I defy the honorable
Senator from Michigan and all of his associates
here or elsewhere to shake these principles,
incorporated as they are in the Constitution.
But, Mr. President, about the year 1860 it
became manifest that the American people
were fast coming to a civil war. The just au-
thority of the Government of the United States
and the execution of its laws, it became appa-
rent, were to be resisted. In tho beginning of
the year 1861 the banner of revolt, of insur-
rection, was unfurled. What was the duty of
the Government of the United States, of its
departments, and of the men who occupied
those departments when this demonstration
against the laws, authority, and power of the
Government was made? They were not to
remain torpid, inactive, as stocks and stones.
That condition of things had been anticipated
by the wise statesmen who framed the Consti-
tution. The Constitution was cradled in a
rebellion in the State of Massachusetts got up
by Shays. It was just for the condition of things
that arose in 1861 that the framers of the Con-
stitution had made provision, and they had
made it by prescribing the manner in which
such resistance to the execution of the laws
of the United States or such insurrections were
to be met. They had designated the depart-
ments of the Government and the officers that
were to undertake this great work of putting
down such insurrections, and coercing obedi-
ence to the Constitution and laws, and with
what means.
I now propose to examine what each depart-
ment of the Government was to do in this great
work, according to the provisions of the Con-
stitution and laws made in pursuance of it.
The Constitution reads thus, in various sections
and paragraphs;
"The Congress shall have power—
To raise and support armies;"
" To provide and maintain a navy
"To provide for calling forth the militia to execute
the laws of the Union, suppress insurrections, and
rejK'l invasions;"
'To make all laws which shall be necessary and
proper for carrying into execution the foregoing
powers and all other powers vested by this Constitu-
tion in the Government of tho United States, or in
any department or officer thereof."
According to my understanding of the Con-
stitution, this short summary embraces every
provision of the instrument that invests Con-
gress with any power to act, immediately or
remotely, upon the subject of invasion, insur-
rection, or domestic disturbance in a State.
Let us now see what other provisions in rela-
tion to this subject have been made by the
Constitution, and to what departments or offi-
cers of the Government they appertain:
"The President," * * * " "before
