1712
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) Tliat correction will be made
in the amendment.
The amendment as modified was agreed to.
The next amendment way in line sixteen of
section one, to strike out "in any other dis-
trict" and insert "such court."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines seventeen
and eighteen of section one, to strike out the
words *£such court" and insert ''the same."
The amendment was agreed to.
The section as amended is as follows:
That on and after the 1st day of September, 1S66,
the circuit courts of the United States shall be abol-
ished, and the several district courts ot the United
States shall, in addition to the authority and juris-
diction now vested in said courts, have original juris-
diction of all actions at law and suits in equity com-
menced on or after that date, to the .same extent in
all respects as is now po^essod by the circuit courts
of the United States for said districts respectively.
The several district judges also sli.ill possess/ind cx-
oreU-o all the jurisdiction, powers, and authority h ere-
tofore possessed and excrciscd by the judges of the
circuit court. Any district judge may be assigned by
the justice of the Supiemc Court lor the circuit to
hold a court, in any district in said circuit, or may
hold such com t upon the request of the judge of the
distiiet in which the ?arue is to be held.
The next amendment was in section two to
insert the words "or prosecution" after the
word "actions" in lines one and five, respect-
ively ; so as to make the section read:
Sec. 2. And be it further That actions or
prosecution* commenced in any of flie State com H
may bo removed into a. district court of the United
States, in the ?ameca>.os and in I he same manner and
by the like piuceedin^s and with the like effect as
such action^ or pro>i>f utions may now be removed
into the circuit court for the same district.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines seven and
eight of section ihroe, to strike out the words
"in tlio minutes" and insert " of record 5" so
as to make the section read:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the trial of
issuesot'fact in all civil causes, except those of equity
and of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction, shall bo
by jury, lint a trial by jury may be waived by the
several paities to the isnue by iailing to appear on
the tiial, or by wrilten consent, in person or by at-
torney, tiled with the clcikol the court, or by oral
consent 111 open court entered of record.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lino two of sec-
tion four, to strike out "July" and insert
"September."
The amendment was agreed to; and the sec-
tion ns amended is as follows:
Skc. -I. Audit- it fWrther >■ /furM/, That all actions and
suitx which, previous io (he said 1st day of Septem-
ber, shall have been commenced in anv circuit court,
or shall ha\ e been 1 emoved to any circuit court Irom
a State court, and all proects, oulcrs, judgments, de-
crees, bonds papers, and piocecdiu^s appertaining
thereto or filed therein, shall be translericd to the
di^t i ict eouil oi the dislu'ct in which such action or
suit shall be pending; and tiie said district court shu.ll
po.-e-s and exercise in the cases and over the pro-
cess, orders, judgments, dcerees, and proceedings
thus 1 raosferrcd, the same authority and juiisdiction
with winch they arc invested by this act over similar
case-; Milwc'iucntly commenced, and the process, or-
deis, jud^in<'ijt>. docices, and proceedings therein:
and n<> kul-lnmd or undertaking of sureties, or any
proceeding in am such case, shall be avoided, im-
paired, or niv ululated by such transfer.
The next amendment was m lines two and
thirteen, reflectively, of section jive, to strike
out " duly'' and insert " September;" in lines
four and live to Mrike out after "jurisdiction"
the words "to inquno by the intervention of a
grand juiy;" in I'm1 six to strike out the wortt
"committed;" and i:i lines seven and eight to
strike out the words "and to try and deter-
mine all indictments found therein 5" so as to
make the section read:
Si:V. 5. And he It fm flm That the several
district, courts atoie^aid "hall, on and after the Jet
day of September, 3SijO, ha\ c exi iu-ive jurisdiction
of all crimes ?uid ollenscs that Muill be cognizable
under the authority of the United State-nvitlnn their
respective districts. All indictment-1 >tmd previous
to that date, in the circuit courts ol t he I sated States
for said distiicts, and all pieces-., ordeis, judgments,
bonds, papers, and proceedings 111 an\ ui-e relating
to any public ottense or oiienses then remaining in
said chcuit court, shall, on said 1st day < t Septem-
ber, be transferred to the said distiiet < -mi t- 1«-pixt-
ively: ancl the said district courts shall }><,--'<> •- ;>nd
exoidse in the criminal cases and over tin* oidcis,
judgments, and proceedings thus tran-derrcti, t.ie
same authority and jurisdiction with which the} are
invested by this act over criminal cases and proceed-
ings subsequently commenced.; and no bail-oond or
recognizance taken in any criminal case or proceed-
ing thus transferred shall be avoided, impaired, or
invalidated by such transfer.
The amendments were agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after sec-
tion five the following new section :
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That on the said
1st day of September, or as soon thereafter as prac-
ticable the clerks of the several circuit courts of the
United States shall deliver to and deposit with the
clerks of the district courts in their respective dis-
tricts all propci ty, books, records, documents, and
papers remaining in their respective offices, and the
same shall be received and kept by the said clerks
of the district courts respectively as part of the rec-
ords of their offices and subject to the order and
control of said courts.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as anew
section after the amendment just adopted:
Sec. 7. And be it further cnactcd, That on and after
the said 1st day of September, executions may be
issued out of any district court to collect any judg-
ment or decree rendered in the circuit court for such
district %vith the same effect as such executions may
now be issued out of such circuit court, and all pro-
cess which before the said 1st day of Septembcrshall
have been issued out of any circuit court, and shall
not have been returned, shall be returned to and
tiled with the clerk of the district court for the same
district.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section six of
the original hill (section eight ot the bill as
amended) to strike out the word " circuit"
before "court" in line three, and after the
word "respectively" in line live to strike out
the words "but 110 original jurisdiction ;" so
as to make the section read:
Sec. [<ijS. And be it further enacted, That there
.shall be established in each of the circuits of the
United States a court, to be callcd the '-ourt, of ap-
peals, which shall have appellate jurisdiction of all
eases arising in the several district courts within said
circuits, respectively. The justice of the Supreme
Court assigned to the circuit and the several distiiet
judges of the districts composing the circuit shall be
the judges of such eouit, a-ny three of whom may
hold a court. The justice of the Supremo Court, or,
in his absence, the district judge senior in oliicc, shall
prehido. In the absence of a quorum any judge may
adjourn the court from day to day.-
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment wasinscction (seven)
nine to strike out the word "circuit" in line
one; after "by" in line four to insert "and
removable at the pleasure of," and after "jus-
tice " in line live to strike out " and to hold his
oflice during his pleasure;" to strike out the
words " in its minutes" in line seven and to
insert "of record 5" and after the word "pro-
cess" in line twelve to strike out "may be
tested in the name of any judge of the court,"
and in lieu of these words to insert "shall run
in the name of the United States, shall lie under
the seal of the court, and be signed by the
clerk."
The amendments were agreed to, and the
section as amended reads as follows:
Sec.[7] 9. And belt further auictrd, That such court
of appeals shall have a seal, the form and device of
which shall be prescribed by its presiding judge. It
shall also have a clerk, to be appointed by, and re-
movable at the pleasure of, the presiding justice.
Such clerk may, with the approval of the court, to
be entered of record, appoint a deputy, who, in case
of the death or resignation of the clerk, may perform
the duties of clcrk until another shall bo appointed,
livery such clcrk shall take the oath and stive the
bond with sureties prescubed by law for clerks of
district courts. Pieces shall run in the name oi the
United Srates. shall bounder theseal of the court,
and be signed by the clcrk.
No amendment was proposed in section
(eight) ten, which reads as follows:
Sec. [8] 10. Aiidbc it farther enacted, That the mar-
shal of the distiiet in which such court shall be held
shall attend the sittings of the court, and, under the
directions of the Secretary of the Interior, shall pro-
vide such rooms as may be accessary, and for all in-
cidental expcn?es of the court, including crier,bail-
iffs, and messenger, in the same manner that the
marshal of the District of Columbia now provides
for the Supreme Court of the United States.
The next amendment was in section (nine)
eleven to strike out the -word "circuit"1 in line
two; after the word "circuit" in line three to
insert; "when the amount claimed or the value
of the property in controversy excceds SoOO. and
in other cases, if the district judge shall certify
that the adjudication involves a question of
general importance. Such appeal shall be
taken within ninety days after the entry of the
judgment or decree sought to be reviewed;"
after the word '1 decree'5 in line ten to insert
"upon the questions of law and fact arising
upon the record;" in line eleven to strike out
"or" after "affirm;" after the word "just"
in line fourteen to strike out the following
words: "an appeal may in like manner be
taken from any order of any such district court
when such order grants or refuses, continues or
modifies an injunction, or when it grants or re-
fuses a new trial or sustains or overrules a de-
murrer, or when it involves the merits of the
action or affects a substantial right of a party;"
in line twenty to strike out the word "circuit,"
andin line twenty-four, after the word "writs,"
to strike out the words "not specially provided
for by statute y' so as to make the section read:
Sec. [9] 11. And be it further enacted, That an ap-
peal may be taken to the court of appeals from any
tinal judgment or ilceree of any district court witliin
tho circuit, wlien tlie anaount claimed or the. value of
the property in-controversy exceeds $500, and in other
cases, if the district judge shall certify that the ad-
judication involves aqucstion of geneial importance.
Such appeal shall be taken within ninety days after
tho entry of the judgment or decree sought to be re-
viewed. Upon such appeal the court shall review
such judgment or decree, upon the questions of law
and fact arising upon the record, and may affirm,
rnodifv, or reverse the same, or may order a new trial
or such other proceedings to be had in the proper
district court as shall be just. The judgment or de-
cision of such court of appeals upon any appeal shall
Lie remitted to the district court, to be enforced ac-
cording to law. The said courts shall have power to
issue writs of scire facias, habeas corpus, and all other
writs which may bo necessary to tho exercise of their
j urisdiction and agreeable to the principles and usages
of law.
Mr. HOWE. If agreeable to the Senator
from New York, I wish lie would consent to let
the vote on the amendment in lines ten and
eleven of this section be postponed. I have a
suggestion to make about it, but 1 have not my
memoranda here now.
Mr. HARRIS. Let it be suspended for the
present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be passed over for the present and
the remaining amendments to this section will
be regarded as agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert the fol-
lowing as a new section at this point:
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That to render
an appeal under the provisions of the toregoing sec-
tion effectual for any purpose, a bond shall bo exe-
cuted on belialf of tho appellant, by at least one siu-
fieient surety, to the effect that the appellant will pay
all costs and damages which may bo awarded against
him on tho appeal, not exceeding $250. It the ap-
peal be from a judgment or decree directing the
payment of money, it shall not stay the execution of
the judgment or decree unless a bond with surety
as aforesaid shall be executed to the eifcct that if
the judgment or decree appealed irom, or anv part
thereof, be nflirmcrt, or the appeal be dismissed, tho
appellant will pay the amount directed to be paid by
the judgment or decree, or the part thereof as to
which the judgment or dccrce shall be affirmed. The
bonds prescribed by this section may be in one in-
stiuuient or several, at tho option of the appellant;
such bond? shall bo of no effect unless they shall be
accompanied by the affidavit of the surety or sure-
ties, showing that he or they arc worth double the
amount specified therein over and above ali debts
and liabilities, and such bond anil affidavits are filed
with the clerk with whom the judgment or decree
appealed from was entered. In othei cases a stay of
execution may be granted upon such terms as any
judge of the court may prescribe.
Mr. HARRIS. I desire to amend that sec-
tion a little before it is voted on. After the
word ''bond" in line three I move to insert
" in tho penalty of $500;" and after the word
i;bond" in line nine to insert " in a penalty of
double the amount of such judgment or de-
cree."
The amendments to the amendment were
agreed to.
Mr. HOWE, is the question now upon
adopting the twelfth section as amended?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the committee as
amended on the motion of the Senator from
New York.
Mr. HOWE. I had some memoranda of
amendments which were suggested to me by a
member of the bar from our State, and they
seemed to me to be very reasonable. I sup-
posed they were with the chairman of the com-
