m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
the great safeguards thrown around the people.
The people of tlu; United States in the war with
the British Crown, learned that to be and to
remain free we should adhere to the great truth,
the price of liberty is eternal vigilance. We
will stand by the great constitutional principle
that no power was placed inthe hands_ of any
body or party to deprive American citizens of
their rights. The Constitution provides that
no man's private property shall be taken for
public use without first rendering to him just
compensation therefor.
Sir, it has been the custom and practice of
this Government when they desired to establish
navy-yards and arsenals in any of the States to
obtain the consent of those States, and for those
States to yield to the Federal Government ex-
clusive authority over such property. But this
bill not only proposes to make the Government
a great land-owner, but to build school-houses,
establish colleges, and to inaugurate a system
ot' machinery that will involve this country in
millions and millions of liability, when I think
that every consideration should appeal to lis
to-day to economize, to save, as far as in our
power lies, the masses of this country that are
now tax-ridden from any additional taxation.
This bill not only violates this plain provision
of the Constitution that I have read, but it
strikes down and obliterates that great writ
of habeas corpus that should be the pride and
boast of every American freeman from one end
of this land to the other, and which should
be extended to all under the Constitution of the
United States.
Mr. GRINNELL. I would like to ask the
gentleman if in the State of Kentucky the writ
of habeas corpus is not already suspended.
Mx-. TlilAlBLIi. I will answer the gentle-
man. I know that the privilege of the writ of
habeas corpus was suspended, by an order of the
President, of the United Slates, from ove end
of this country to the other, and that the Presi-
dent, under authority given to him by Congress,
had restored that writ to all the States of the
Union, excepting, I believe, in his proclama-
tion, the States recently in rebellion, the State
of Kentucky, and the District of Columbia. I
believe that to bo the fact. But, sir, as a ques-
tion of law, in my humble judgment, the writ
of habeas corpus is restored to-day from ocean
to ocean and from the Gulf 1o the lakes, by
reason of the fact that we are now in peace.
Peace prevails from one end of this land to
the other. Nowhere is there a hostile Hag or a
hostile armed foe.
Mr. GRINNULL. I wish to ask, then, how
it can be asserted that this strikes down any-
thing so long as the gentleman admits that the
privileges oi the writ are already suspended,
unless he wishes to take issue with the President
of the United States.
Mr. TlMMBi Ai. I do not wish to take any
issue with the President of the United .States,
but I thought that 1 had made myself undei-
stood to the gentleman by stating that as a mat-
ter of law, in my opinion, that gicat writ of right
was restored to the poorest and humblest man
in this broad land, even to my colored friends,
if I have any, if the amendment is valid.
Sir, where is the authority for the suspension
of the writ? Where does the gentleman and
his party derive the authority to suspend it?
They derive it, from the Constitution of the
United States, because the power exists no-
where, not even in the legislative, executive,
or judicial branch of this Government,, except
in eases arising out of war, insurrection, and
rebellion. The authority is in the Constitution,
and there, too, is the limitation. And as soon
as war. insurrection, or rebellion ceases, the
writ is restored to every citizen in the States.
The power to suspend the writ ceases with the
termination of the rebellion. Has it not ter-
minated? Is there a jury of intelligent Eng-
lishmen or Americans anywhere to bo found
who would decide upon the facts presented,
that we are not at, peace to-day and no longer
in a state of war?
But while I say this I do not intend tu be un-
derstood as making any assault upon the Pres-
ident of the United States because he has not
restored that writ, for I believe, and I think I
know, that Andrew Johnson is too good a law-
yer not to know that when the reasons for that
suspension shall have passed away, the writ
returns.by reason of the fact.
Pray, sir, if the war is not ended, how long is
it to continue? I know there is a party in the
section where I live who would like to have it
continue always. There is a party there that
desires to make money. I do not speak of the
great political party in Kentucky that opposes
me. I speak of a party in Kentucky—very
small indeed—that regretted from the bottom
of their hearts when the war ceased, when Gen-
eral Lee surrendered to the Federal forces. It
stopped too soon for their cotton speculations,
too soon for them to continue to ply their call-
ing and wring out of the hard earnings of the
people of the South, loyal and disloyal, their
money, and place it in their own pockets. Sir,
there is clamor of this kind in my section of the
country, and we should meet facts as they exist.
We are at peace; let, us so recognize it, and
thank God that it is so.
Sir, is there a provision in this bill that gives
to the man that, shall be arrested under it the
right to a trial by jury, the right to appeal
t,o the law, the right to execute bail? ft one,
sir. It places in the power of these agents of
the Freedmen's Bureau unlimited and despotic
power to fine and imprison, from which, in my
judgment, there is no escape ; and as a friend
of that race about which much lias been said
here, I would upon this occasion, as upon all
others, do justice to them, and see that their
rights under the Constitution of the country are
respected ; but 1 appeal to you to pause before
you pass this bill, if the object and purpose of
its passage is to benefit and protect them. In
my judgment, such an engine of power has in
110 instance in the history of the civilized world
ever been productive of good to those upon
whom it was intended to confer favors. Such
power should not be deposited in the hands of
anybody, and I would save and protect, them
from the exercise of such enormous powers.
Sir, that L may be correct in regard to the
power of the Government in the suspension of
this right, I desire to read from the Consti-
tution :
"The privilege of the writ of lutbrai ronmi shall
not, be suspended, unless when in cases of rebellion
ami invasion tlio public safety may require it."
There was a rebellion ; but does that prove
that rebellion must, exist throughout all time?
The. \eiy moment that rebellion was over, the
very moment the insurrection was suppressed,
the power existed nowhere to suspend that writ.
This bill is in violation of that provision of the
Constitution. It is also in violation of this
provision of the Constitution of the United
States:
" The jndieinl power of the United States shall be
vested in oneHupirme Court, and in such inferior
comts as the Congress may from time to tune ordain
and establish. TlicjuiUav, both of the Supreme and
infeimr i-uuiK shall hold their offices during Rood
behavior, and shall, at stated times, leceive for their
services a, cn,-ripens.itinn which shall not be dimin-
ished during their cootimiaiice in office.
Sir, I would nsk whether these agents of the
Freedmen's Bureau, numbering, 1 believe about
eighteen hundred, are not judicial officers, with
authority to fine SI ,000 and imprison one year?
Would they not be considered in this country
or in any other as exercising judicial powers?
A common magistrate, whose jurisdiction is
limited to iiftv or a hundred dollars, is a judicial
officer. By this bill you clothe the agent of
the Freedmen's Bureau with power to arrest
at his will and pleasure. He is made the sole
judge. The great safeguard thrown around
'the citizen that no man shall be arrested ex-
cept upon affidavit and information, is stricken
down, and the officers of this bureau can arrest,
the honorable Speaker of this House or any-
body else they may find in these States down
there, if they, in their judgment, conceive they
have violated any of the extraordinary pro-
visions of this bill. They could arrest General
Grantor General Sherman, or any of our great-
est officers. And, sir, where is there any re-
dress? There is no trial by jury, no right to
the writ of habeas corpus, no right to appeal.
If there be any provision in the bill which pre-
serves those rights, I would like the honor-
able chairman of the select committee to point
it out.
Sir, I am for peace. I desire to see this
country restored. I desire to sec legislation
here that will be acceptable to the people of
this whole country. I desire to see laws that
shall operate equally and alike upon all por-
tions of this great country, and that shall shed
their benign influence upon all the citizens of
this land alike, as the dews of heaven fall alike
upon all. Let us have no legislation that is to
apply to the people North or to the people South.
We are not now at war ; we are at peace.
Sir, in addition.to the clauses of the Consti-
tution which I have read which this bill violates,
in my judgment it strikes down every one of the
amendments made to the Constitution of the
United States, which I will read. It is in violation
of the plain provisions of those amendments.
I have looked in vain for any warrant, or author-
ity in any one of the articles or sections of this
Constitution for the enormous.powcrs conferred
by this bill. Nowhere in the Constitution do I
find any such warrant or authority.
" The right of the people to bo secure in their per-
sons, houses, papers, and effects against unreasonable
seait hes and seizures shall not be violated,and uo war-
rants shall issue but upon probable cause, supported
by oath or affirmation, and particularly describing the
place to be searched, and the persons or things to be
seized."
Is not this great safeguard of the people, is
not the right of the black man as well as the
right of the white man, invaded by this bill,
and in violation of that provision of the Con-
stitution ?
The Constitution says:
" JSfo person shall be held to answer for a capital or
otherwise infamous crime unless on a presentment or
indictment ot a grand jury, cxcept in cases arising m
the land or naval lorces,or in the lmlitia when m act-
ual service in time ot war or public danger; nor shall
any person be subject for the same offense to bo twice
put in jeopardy of life or limb; nor shall be compelled
in any criminal ease to be a witness against himself,
nor be deprived of life, liberty, or property without
due process of law; nor shall private property be
taken lor public use without just compensation."
The Constitution also says :
" In all criminal prosecutions the accused shall en-
joy the right to a speedy and public trial by an impar-
tial jury of the State and district wherein the crime
shall have been committed, which district shall have
been previously ascertained bylaw, and to be iniormed
of the nature and cause of the accusation : to be con-
fronted with the witnesses against him ; to have com-
pulsory procos for obtaining witnesses in his favor,
and to have the assistance of counsellor his defense.'
Is there anything in this bill that gives to this
poor, unfortunate class of men, or to the white
men of the South, these inalienable rights of an
American freeman? If they arc free, it they
arc entitled to their freedom under the Consti-
tution of their country, then give it to them, and
extend to them the privilege of freedmen, pro-
tecting them in the onjoymont of their liberty
and their property and the just, reward of their
own labors ; and do not impose upon them such
a law as this, with such despots as I fear we will
have under it, for the purpose of crushing them
out.
Mr. GRINXELL. The gentleman speaks
about securing the rights of all parties, s wish
to know how he regards tho.t law of Kentucky
which makes it a felony for a certain class of
people to go into the State, and whether he
thinks the h'reedmeivs bureau may not prop-
erh'rectify such a law as that.
Mr. HUMBLE. So far as any law is con-
cerned that exists in the State of Kentucky, I
will say to that gentleman, with all due defer-
ence, if he will iet Kentucky manage her own
affairs sjie will manage it very much better than
anybody here can do it. The people of Kcn-
tucky will piotect their people in all their rights,
if their protection is left to them.
And I will say that there are laws in other
States making discriminations and das'motions
in regard to this cIjss of pcivons.^ There are
such laws in Illinois, in iudiuua, in Ohio, and
in many other States, 'i he law ot the State ot
Illinois makes it a felony for a negro to come
