THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6,
marble of this country and the marble im-
ported from Italy. Now, while it is true that
we use the marble of this country for the uses
to which it can be applied, we ought not by
onerous assessments upon the foreign article
to prohibit its importation altogether for those
uses to which it is adapted, and to which the
native marble is not suited.
Now, sir, I da not see any injustice or hard-
ship to any interest in allowing this marble to
come in at a fair rate of duty. I trust that the
Committee of the Whole will not adopt the
rate of one dollar per foot, but will agree to
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania and insert seventy cents. I call
the attention of the Committee of Ways and
Means to the faet-tliat if the rate of duty pro-
posed in "the bill be adopted, it will be very
strongly prohibitory to the introduction of the
rough marble in blocks and cubes, and will fa-
vor the introduction of the manufactured mar-
ble, thereby throwing the labor and the profit
of working this foreign marble out of our hands
into the hands of the Italian workers. I with-
draw my amendment, trusting that the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania will
be adapted.
The question was taken on the amendment
of. Mr. Kelley, and it was not agreed to, there
being—ayes twenty-eight, noes not counted.
Mi". WILSON, of Iowa. I move to amend
by striking out "seventy," in the fiftieth line,
andinserting in lieu thereof "fifty-five;" so
that the clause will read, " on marble polished,
finished, or partly finished, marble chimney-
pieces, and all other manufactures of marble,
fifty-five percent, ad valorem." The amend-
ment which I propose allows an increase of
five per cent, ad valorem upon the rate estab-
lished by the present law, and it seems to me
that this is sufficient.
The bill before us is remarkable in a great
many of its features. It touches almost every-
thing, from the necessaries of life to articles
of luxury and taste, with a heavier hand than
has over been placed on them, before. Now,
sir, I am, for various reasons, opposed to these
excessive duties upon articles of this character.
In the first place, a great deal of this marble
comes into the country in a partially finished
state. In that state it passes into the hands of
the workmen of this country and is by them
completed. If we now attempt to exclude it
by a duty prohibitory as this wo shall interfere
with a very large trade in this marble—a trade
that is now very remunerative to the workmen
of this country. It is cheaper to transport the
Italian marble in this partially finished state
than in the rough form; so that, the transpor-
tation being cheapcr, there is practically a pro-
tection to the workers of this marble in this
country who receive it in the partially finished
condition.
Again, sir, I am opposed to-placing all these
articles beyond the reach of the middle classes.
I was opposed to the high duty which we adopted
upon books; for I desire to see a library placed
in every dwelling in this land. I believe -that
articles of decoration, such as are embraced in
the paragraph under consideration, should not
be placed beyond the reach of the middle
classes. I desire that all persons who have
homes and homesteads of their own shall be
permitted to enjoy to some degree these arti-
cles of luxury in common with the wealthier
classes of the country. I hope, therefore, that
my amendment will be adopted, and that those
engaged in this trade will be willing to put up
with the advance which I propose.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Chairman, Mother na-
tions have honored their artists. They have
been proud of their skill in sculpture. And
does any gentleman believe that it has become
a crime to make fine work of enduring marble?
Docs he mean to say if there be genius of that
kind in America it must go abroad for its train-
ing, its development? We have just placed a
most onerous duty upon the raw material upon
which the scientific sculptor works, and now it
is proposed to reduce the rate upon finished
fabrics. Now, Mr. Chairman, it is in the mar-
ble-yard that the boy begins to develop his
genius. It is in fashioning the things included
in this paragraph his hand is trained to obey
his eye and execute his fancy in marble; and
in vieve. of that we have legislated on the raw
material. Now, let this clause stand with fifty
or fifty-five per cent, ad valorem, or less than
one hundred and twenty-five, and it would be
a declaration of this House that it does not feel
the American youth should engage in that high
branch of art.
Mr. HOGAN. I move to increase it to one
dollar. The gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wil-
son] is entirely mistaken in reference to this
whole feature of this bill. This part of it is
the only part that looks to the advantage of the
laborer. The mechanic who has spent seven
years of apprenticeship in learning to cut mar-
ble and fashion it to make monuments, is he
nowj sir, to be deprived of all opportunity of
following that trade by the introduction of the
Italian finished monument?
It is a matter of fact now that there is hardly
any one man in this country who as a mechanic
is working in marble, for the simple reason
that the importer of monuments can send out
his models and drawings to Italy and have
them made there and brought back at the pres-
ent duties at a rate that would not pay the
mechanic in this country for cutting them. I
want to know whether gentlemen of this House
are so much opposed to the interests of the
laborer that in this simple matter for the inter-
est of labor only, exclusively for the interest
of labor, they will cut it down to this extent.
I know that monuments are now made in Italy.
Orders are going out to Italy for monuments
that would be made in the United States but
from the fact that the foreign article can come
in at such a rate finished that the mechanic
here cannot live on. It is the interest of the
mechanic I look to. I have in my town over
twenty-five hundred men who have been en-
gaged in working marble who are now out of
employment. It is not because the employers
would not give them work, not because there
are no more monuments being erccted, but be-
cause monuments can be obtained and deliv-
ered at St. Louis, thirteen hundred miles from
the sea, cheaper than any mechanic could afford
to make them. I want to prevent all that kind
of thing. If our mechanics, who have served
an apprenticeship, are to be deprived of their
business because of the discrimination m5.de
in favor of the pauper labor of Italy, let us
know it.
Sir, the mechanical labor that is employed
on monuments is the first inception of the
sculptor. Our greatest sculptors have risen
from the beginning of working in marble. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania has so beauti-
fully depicted this, I will not go into it further
than to say that many of the men who make
these monuments are the men who will supply
us with our Powerses and Hosmers and cele-
brated sculptors, and in order to afford their
labor protection I hope my amendment will
be adopted.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, I
desire to oppose the amendment of the gentle-
man from Missouri, [Mr. Hogan.] I have
always been a protectionist. I have been edu-
cated in that school, and I hold to that doc-
trine yet. But, sir, I have been so far outdone
by the gentleman from Missouri, who, I have
understood, belongs to the free-trade party,
that I am disposed to withdraw my amend-
ment. Now, sir, I-do not suppose the gentle-
man from Missouri believes in the opposite
theory, but that his tendency is all toward free
trade. That was the argument he made whej
the internal revenue bill was under considera-
tion—that these taxes bore too heavily on the
people, Who should be allowed to sell where
they could sell dearest and buy where they
could buy cheapest. But now, when the inter-
est of his own district is concerned, we find
him taking a different position when it touches
an interest that his people are connected with.
He then is willing to stand by the side of those
who have been demanding tl^ft highest rates
of protection for the iron of Pennsylvania, the
woolen fabrics of New England, and the salt
interest of Syracuse and Saginaw.
Now, sir, inasmuch as I have been mistaken
in this matter, as appears from the argument
made by the gentleman from Missouri, 1 desire
to withdraw my amendment, although I sup-
pose tho gentleman desires a vote taken upon
his, which is to incrense the duty from seventy
cents to-one-dollar. Seeing, therefore, that I
am so far behind tliat branch of the free-trade
party, I withdraw my amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment being
withdrawn, the amendment of the gentleman
from Missouri falls with it.
Mr. HOGAN. I renew the amendment to
strike out "seventy per cent." and insert in
lieu thereof'' one hundred per cent.'' In ref-
erence to the remark of the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Wilson] as to my being willing to
go with the protective party when it suits my
convenience, being myself a free-trade man, I
wish simply to say "this: I am- for a fair tariff in
reference to everything, but if we must have a
high protective tariff at all, then I want the
laborers of my portion of the country protected
just as much as the laborers of any other por-
tion. That is my doctrine. I cannot sit here
and see an effort made in the interest of free
trade or any other trade to cut down the me-
chanical interests of my district without vin-
dicating the rights of my oonstituents and en-
deavoring to advance their interests. That is
my position in reference to this bill. I do not
say that I shall support this bill as an entirety ;
but I want it to be as near perfect as it can be
in covering the general interests of the country,
not mine onlj^ but all of them. I am opposed
to many features in this bill, and I am utterly
amazed to find some gentlemen opposed to the
interests of labor and seeking to build up the
interests of capital. I am for labor first, be- •
cause labor is the means of elevating capital,
and I am for the interest of labor all the time.
I hope the committee, in view of the fact that
this is exclusively to inure to the benefit of the
mechanic, will adopt the amendment which I
propose, to make the duty one hundred per
cent. m
Mr. KELLEY. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Missouri, not pro
formd, but seriously, by making it one hun-
dred and twenty-five per cent. In the interest
of the marb'le-workers, the laborers in the mar-
ble-yards, and the skilled workmen, I resisted
the increase upon the raw material. It is not
an article of which we can increase the supply,
because wo have not the article. It is not man-
ufactured; it is a natural product. Now, I ask
that the increase of duty on the fabricated ar-
ticle shall be made relatively as high as the
increase on the raw material. One hundred and
twenty^fiye per cent, ad valorem will not be
quite so high, for with the addition we have
made on marble in the block the tariffsis now
equal to one hundred and fifty per cent. I hope
that those who feel that American labor in "
American yards ought to have an equal chance
with foreign laborers on-foreign soil will equal-
ize this bill, or make it approximately equal by
striking out seventy per cent, and inserting one
hundred and twenty-five per cent.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the committee
rise in order to terminate debate upon this par-
agraph.
The motion'was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Scofjeld re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, hs,d
under consideration bill of the House No. 718,
to provide increased revenue from imports, and
for other purposes, and had come to no resolu-
tion thereon.
message from tiie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin,
one of it Clerks, informed the House that the
Senate had indefinitely postponed bill of the
House No. 540, in relation to claims for horses
turned over to the Government.
