1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
into that State. And the law of the State of
Indiana also does the same.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will state that that law
has been repealed now. It was once the law
of Illinois, butthe enlightened civilization of the
nineteenth century has overriden that barbar-
ism.
- TRIMBLE. Does not the constitution
of the State of Illinois to-day prohibit free
negroes from coming into that State?
Mr; INGERSOLL. Illinois has repealed all
laws in that regard.
Mr. TRIMBLE. Has there been an amended
constitution submitted to the people since the
commencement of the war?
Mr.FARNSWORTH. Thatwasnotadopted;
it was voted down by the people.
_ Mr. MARSHALL. It is due to the truth of
history that I should say that my colleagues
[Mr. Ingeksoll and Mr. E'aunswoktii] are
mistaken in regard to the constitution of Illi-
nois. The constitution of 1848 provides that
the Legislature of Illinois shall pass laws pro-
hibiting negroes coming into that State.
Mr. ING-ERSOLL. But there is no such
law.
Mr. TRIMBLE. My argument was that
there was a provision in the constitution of Illi-
nois to that effect.
Mr. IN GERSOLL. I understood the gen-
tleman to state that there was a law in the State
of Illinois making it a felony for a negro to
come into that State.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I intended to refer to the
constitution of the State of Illinois. If I said
"law" it was by mistake, for I had in my mind
the fact that the people of Illinois had, by a
very large majority, adopted that constitution.
Mr. INGEiJSOLL. All laws upon that sub-
ject which have ever been in force in the State
of Illinois have been repealed.
Mr. TRIMBLE. If the Legislature of the
State of Illinois have not passed laws in ac-
cordance with the constitution of the State, that
is a question for the people of the State to take
cognizance of.
But there are other States that make discrim-
inations, that would place these parties in the
condition of felons, if, under the provisions of
this bill, they should bo brought before one of
these jurists who are to be appointed in every
county in this country; for the provisions of
this bill, as I understand, apply to the whole
country, North, South, East, and West. It in-
cludes the northern States, every single one of
them. There is, 1 believe, an amendmentpend-
ing which proposes to limit the operations of
the bill to the States lately in rebellion, and the
State of Kentucky, with (lie other border States.
But, sir, I trust that partial legislation will not
be adoptedby the Congress of the United.States.
What have Kentucky and the other border States
done during ihis controversy that they should
be singled out here for class legislation, that
they should be made subject to legislation which
is calculated io degrade them in their own esti-
mation and in the estimation of every honest
man from one end of this country to the other.
Sir, Kentucky has stood as a wall of fire be-
tween the Government and those men in the
South who were endeavoring to overthrow it.
The bones of the sons of Kentucky lie upon
every battle-field: their blood has crimsoned
the soil of every State-where the operations of
this war have extended. Both armies have
marched and countermarched over the fields of
Kentucky. She lias complied with every requi-
sition of the Federal Government.
Mr. G RINNELL. Inasmuch as the gentle-
man is eulogizing the patriotism of Kentucky,
I wish to ask him whether Kentucky did not,
at the opening of the war, declare her "neu-
trality," and proceed to raise troops and or-
ganize an army for her own defense as against
the Government, and whether she did not refuse
to allow the armies of the Union to cross her
soil ?
Mr. TRIMBLE. I believe that at one time
there was something said there about neutral-
ity ; but I believe there has never been a time
when in Kentucky, from one end of her borders
m
to the other, a majority of her people have not
stood ready to support the Union, the Consti-
tution, and the laws passed under it. There
has never been a time when Kentucky has
shrunk from her duty to the Constitution and
the laws. Notwithstanding all the efforts of
the South to precipitate Kentucky into the
rebellion, she steadfastly refused to take part
in that rebellion and has uniformly stood by
the Constitution. In spite of all the efforts of
certain parties within her borders, she has
maintained her fealty to the Constitution, as
she does to-day.
Mr. GRINNELL. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman whether his colleague [Mr. Rousseau]
was not during the war obliged to go over into
the State of Indiana for the purpose of organ-
izing his regiment ?
Mr. TRIMBLE. I believe that my distin-
guished colleague did raise his regiment and
camp upon the opposite side of the river.
Mr. GRINNELL. Because he was obliged
to do so.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I say, sir, that, according
to my information, the action of Kentucky at
that time met with the cordial indorsement of
the then Chief Magistrate of the nation.
The men who were raised by General Rous-
seau were Kcntuckians. Kentucky has com-
plied with every requirement that has been
made upon her by this Government; and she
stands here to-day claiming through her Rep-
resentatives the same protection and the same
rights -which arc enjoyed by any other loyal
State. All 1 ask for Kentucky I am willing to
yield to Massachusetts or any other State. But.,
sir, I enter my solemn protest against this class
legislation, which, instead of bringing peace and
harmony to the country, will only tend to em-
bitter the feelings of one scction of the country
against another.
Sir, I appeal to the gentlemen who are to fol-
low me to show any warrant or authority in the
Constitution for the passage of this measure.
I ask it. No where can 1 find it. I was re-
ferred the other day by a distinguished gentle-
man on the opposite side that they obtained it
under the provision for the general welfare of
the country, and under the provision of the Con-
stitution as recently amended, 1 believe known
as the thirteenth article of the amendments to
the Constitution ofthe United States. But, sir,
I have looked in vain to that amendment to find
a shadow of authority in it for the provisions of
this bill. Sir, this bill is in violation of that
amendment, made by that partynowin power;
and I ask if they are not estopped from violat-
ing the provisions of their own amendment.
That amendment declares—though 1 have it not
now before me-—that slavery or involuntary ser-
vitude shall never hereafter exist in the United
States, except for crime, and then only after
due conviction. That is the language of the
amendment. Sir, is not this bill in violation of
it? Do you not enslave men under this bill,
without due conviction, without trial by jury,
and without any of the guarantees secured to
you and me, and which ought to be secured
through all time to the poorest and humblest
men in the country. I think, sir, there is no
authority in that amendment for this bill.
But they *-ay they have authority under the
second scction; that that gives Congress the
light to pass appropriate legislation. Well,
according to all fair and reasonable construc-
tion, I think the only authority which can be
found in that second section will be to give to
Congress the right to carry out, the true intent
and spirit of the section. They cannot claim
under that any other power. What was the
object and intent, of that? It was to give to
these men thc-ir freedom. That was the whole
purpose of it. That has been understood, and
the language of that amendment has been adju-
dicated upon by the highest tribunals of theland.
It is underi-tood. Nothing can be claimed under
that second section of the amendment except to
give to these people their right to their free-
dom. Does this bill do it? Does Knot deprive
them of the right which the;, wcie to obtain
under this constitutional monition if valid?
It may be, sir, that they claim constitutional
authority for this measure ujion some oue oftlr§
amendments now pending ii the House? of
Congress, and which have not been acted upon,
and which have not, of course, been, appro veil
and ratified by the President and the States., It
may be that they claim authority under the
amendments they propose to make to that in-
strument.
It was enunciated by the distinguished leadw
of the Opposition upon this floor that it was
not necessary or proper that amendments to the
Constitution passed by Congress should be sub-
mitted to the President - for his approval and
signature ; that it was entirely a work of super-
erogation. It may be that gentlemen on that
side of the House, ia their zeal for constitu-
tional amendments, may come to the conclu-
sion it is not necessary to refer them to the
States to be ratified. We are not a constitu-
tional convention; we are here by virtue ofthe
Constitution, sworn to protect and support that
instrument, and to exercise under that instru-
ment the privileges and powers delegated to us
by the States, not to trespass or trample upon
the rights of the States.
Wc are told that nineteen States are sufficient
for the adoption of the amendment. The Con-
stitution declares that every order and resolu-
tion requiring the concurrence of the House
and the Senate shall bo presented to the Presi-
dentofthc United States. U rider that provision
of the Constitution these amendments must
receive the sanction of the President before they
can be referred to the States for ratification.
Sir, if they have the right to exclude the Exec-
utive they have the right to exclude the sanc-
tion of the States.
One great reason why I feel so much solici-
tude in reference to this bill is that it is to operate
for weal or woe upon a people who are denied
their rights upon this floor, upon a people who,
in my judgment, are willing and anxious to
conform to any law of Congress passed in pur-
suance of the Constitution. They are denied
this. But we are to legislate for them without
their sanction, without their consent. Sir, there
is a great principle running through the consti-
tutions of nearly all our States, that all govern-
ments dei'ive their just powers from the consent
of the governed. Is there any consent of these
people whose interests and rights are to be
affected by this bill? None whatever. There
is none here to speak for them. No appeal of
theirs can be heard.
Sir, 1 ask you in all justice, in all candor,
would it not be bettor, would it not be in a
spirit of harmony, of justice, and of peace,
before you pass this measure affecting so vitally
the interests of the South, that they should be
permitted at least to have seats upon this floor,
and that we should hear them? But they are
even denied the courtesy which has been ex-
teuded to contestants through all the past a seat
upon this floor.
Sir, there are thousands and thousands of
widows and orphans in that section whose hus-
bands and fathers have fallen in defense of the
flag of their country, who will be affected, and
who will feel the tyranny and oppression of this
bill. There is not one in that vast region, in
my judgment, who, if this bill goes into opera-
tion, will not have cause to regret the day and
hour of its passage. The colored race, in my
judgment, will have cause to exclaim, "Deliver
me from my friends," when the workings of this
bureau, as it may be worked under bad men,
shall be brought to bear upon them and others.
The only person that I have the pleasure
of a personal acquaintance who is connected
with this bureau is its distinguished chief, Gen-
eral Howard. For him 1 have a very great re-
spect. I believe him to be a soldier, a patriot,
and a gentleman. But, sir, if even General
Howard himself, much as I respcct him, was
to be placcd in my county or my district with
these extraordinary and dangerous powers, I,
for one. would enter my protest. We cannot
expect to obtain a competent class of men seat-
teied over the country under the pay that is
proposed, men skilled in the law, in the Con-
