234
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June If,
Senate.
^Reconstruction—Mr. Davis.
39tii Cong .... 1st Sess.
tution in the State of Bhode Island was illegal,
unconstitutional, void, a wrong, and an outrage
upon the_ existing government, and authorized
the existing government to put it and. all of its
supporters down by force of arms. The Pres-
ident in that case did not interfere by the actual
march of troops into Rhode Island, but he de-
clared his purpose to do so, and that declara-
tion induced the insurgents and the Dorrites
to submit. Here is what the court say on
that point:
"The interference of the President, therefore, by
announcing his determination, was as effectual as if
the militia had assembled under his orders. And it
should be equally authoritative. For certainly no
court of the United States, with a knowledge of this
decision
That he had determined to interfere sim-
piy—
"would have been justified in recognizing the op-
posing party as the lawful government; or in treat-
ing as wrong-doers and insurgents the officers of the
government which the President had recognized and
was prepared to support by an armed force."
Here is another point stated in this opinion
which carries a truth, aprinciple with it, of which
I have an application to make presently:
" In tho case of foreign nations, tho Government
acknowledged by the President is always recognized
in tho courts of justice. And this principlo has been
applied by the act of Congress to the sovereign States
of the Union."
Let gentlemen ponder a little upon the prin-
ciple involved in that language. In relation
to foreign countries, we all know, as the uni-
form practice and history of the Government,
that whenever the President recognizes an ex-
isting de facto foreign Government, the Con-
gress and the courts, and all the authorities of
the United States, in obedience or in confor-
mity, at least, to the acknowledgment by the
President, recognize the existence of the same
government. And the court says, "this prin-
ciple has been applied by the act of Congress
to the sovereign States of the Union." Here
is the very point decided, that when a State is
acknowledged by the President it will then be
recognized by the courts, the act of 1795 vesting
that power in the President. This opinion, in
remarking upon the pro vision of the act of 1795,
which was the subject of the main question in
the case of Martin vs. Mott, says:
" The power given to tho President in each caso is
the same"—
That is, in relation to invasions, insurrections,
or domestic violence—
" with this difference only, that it cannot be exer-
oised by him in the latter case oxccpt upon the appli-
cation of tho Legislature or Executive of the State.
rho case above mentioned arose out of a call made
by the President by virtue of the power conferred on
him by the first clause; and tke court said that —
' Whenever a statuto gives a discretionary power
to any person to be exercised by him upon his own
opinion of certain facts, it is asound rule of construc-
tion that tho statute constitutes him the sole and
exclusivo judge of the existence of those facts.'"
There is no appeal from his judgment; there
is no correction of it; there can be no revision
of it; it is the law and the fact of the case;
and it must be so received by all, not only by
military officers who are exercising power
in subordination to him as "Commander-in-
Chief," but by Congress and by the courts;
and such has been the uniform practice of the
entire Government and all its officers. The
opinion proceeds:
'"It is asound rule of construction that the statute
constitutes him the sole and exclusive judge of tho
existence of those facts.' The facts that make up the
case upon which he is to act by moving the armed
forces of the United States."
What I have read from the Constitution, the
laws of Congress, and the decisions of the
Supreme Court, establish these propositions:
that in 1801 it was the power, right, and duty
of the President to decide whether, in any
locality of the United States, "by reason of
unlawful obstructions, combinations, or assem-
blages of persons," or insurrection or rebellion
against the authority of the Government of the
United States, itwas "impracticable to enforce,
by the ordinary eour.se of judicial proceedings,
the laws of the United States;" and that his
decision of this point is final, and concludes
Congress and all the Departments and officers
of the Government, and all the people of the
United States.
The enforcement of the execution of the
laws in the places where the obstructions existed
had become a military operation ; and all that
Congress had the power to do, and which it
was its highest duty to perform, was to furnish
the President with the men and the money to
enable him to take care that the laws be duly
executed. That could only be done by the
removal, the cessation, the non-existence of
further resistance and obstruction. When the
work was thus completed, whether by the vol-
untary submission of the insurgents, or their
suppression by force of arms, the office of the
President in the important matter was fulfilled;
military operations and military expenses in it
were to terminate, and Congress was under no
obligation to vote more men and more money
to put down an insurrection, a rebellion which
no longer had existence, or for the enforcement
of the execution of the laws to which there was
no longer either resistance or obstruction.
But there was a necessity for some power,
some officer of the Government to declare
when the insurrection was suppressed. There
is such a power and such an officer to execute
it; and who is he? The Constitution had been
attacked by an armed resistance to the execu-
tion of the laws, and an attempt to set up an
independent power and government within the
United States. It is made the duty of the Pres-
ident, by the Constitution, to the best of his
ability to preserve, protect, and defend that
Constitution, and to take care that the laws
be faithfully executed throughout the United
States. To give him the ability to perform
those important trusts he is made by the Con-
stitution the permanent Commander-in-Chief
of the whole military force of the United States.
The law intrusts him with the sole, exclusive,
and unappealable power to decide when and
where there is an insurrection or an armed
resistance to the execution of the laws; and
the Constitution and the law authorize him to
move the whole military force to suppress the
insurrection, to stifle all resistance or obstruc-
tion to the due execution of the laws. He is to
determine upon and conduct every movement
and operation to that end, and to continue
them until it is effected. Not Congress, but
the President, in fact and of necessity, is the
functionary to know and declare when the
work has been ended, and then to withdraw
the military forces. Congress cannot know
when it is done, but he knows because it is
being done under his orders, and he is in con-
stant communication with those who are in
the performance of it. Congress might not
be, as it was not, in session when the late re-
bellion terminated; but the Senator from Mich-
igan says it was the duty of the President to
convene Congress. It might be that a large
number of the members of Congress were not
then chosen. And for what purpose is Congress
to be convened? That it might be informed
by the President that he had suppressed the
rebellion by the operations of the Army; or
that it had terminated by the voluntary submis-
sion of the insurgents; and that it might author-
ize him to withdraw and disband the forces,
and stop the heavy expenditure of public money
when there was no longer any armed resist-
ance in existence or threatened, but, on the
contrary, all was submission, obedience, and
peace. Could any proposition be more absurd
and unsound? No, sir. The President is the
constitutional and legal organ to decide and de-
clare when the insurrection begins, how long
it continues, and when it ends; and it is the
duty of all the oilier departments and officers
of Government to accept and act upon the
particular state of the affair according to his
decision and judgment upon it.
But the Senator frpm Michigan announces
that the southern States'and people, in conse-
quence of their rebellion, have ceased to be
States, and have forfeited all their rights as
Slates and American citizens. That Congress
is their conqueror, and holds them this day in
the condition of a conquered people, and has
the right so to hold them until the interests
and the will of the conquerors will allow them
to reconstruct the States that revolted and re-
admit them as States into the Union ; that this
whole business of the reestablishment of rela-
tions between these States and the Govern-
ment of the United States is a congressional
affair exclusively^with which the President has
nothing to do ; and that" his policy " of recon-
struction is nothing but arrant and audacious
usurpation of power, an infringement of the
rights and powers of Congress, to which it
ought not and cannot submit without deg-
radation.
A most lofty and imperial pretension, truly,
made for Congress by the Senator from Mich-
igan ! And where is its warrant? Not in the
Constitution. If it be there, will some of the
Websters, the Kents, and the Storys of the
majority in this body refer me to the provis-
ion, that I may read it and be instructed? But
neither the Senator, nor any of his coadjutors
in support of this measure, can find any sup-
port for this most extravagant claim of power
for Congress in the Constitution. Indeed, he
deigns not to place it on so humble a footing,
but in swelling phrase claims it for Congress,
as the conqueror of those States, and by the
laws of war. If there be any right to the appel-
lation of conqueror in the suppression of the
rebellion it would appertain to the President
rather than to Congress.
But there was no war, no conquest, no bel-
ligerent rights in this great and terrible civil
strife, according to the sense in which those
terms are found in publicists and the laws of
nations. The two latter are not named in the
Constitution, and as between the United States
and the States, in its meaning, spirit, and
scope, they have no covert existence there.
The term "war" is found in the Constitution,
but with no reference to a conflict between the
United States and any of the States or any
portion of the people. It refers only to con-
tests of arms with foreign nations, and such
has been the construction of tho Supreme
Court and of every American statesman. By
the letter, meaning, and spirit of the Consti-
tution, as expounded by all this high authority,
Congress cannot declare war against a State
or any portion of the people of the United
States. Certainly, no State can make war
against the United States, and have belligerent
rights. It is not war in the sense in which
the term is used in international law and as it
is adopted by our Constitution. Between the
United States and the people or the States
lately in rebellion there was, then, no war, no
belligerent rights on either side. What was
it, and what law applied to and governed it?
Upon the part of the revolted States and peo-
ple it was an armed resistance to the authority
and laws of the United States, a great insur-
rection, though not pervading all nor a ma-
jority of the States. It was just such an affair
as the men who made the Constitution contem-
plated^ might occur, and for which they made
provision in it. They provided that tho Con-
stitution, and laws of Congress made in pur-
suance of it, should be the supreme law of
the land; that all officers, both Federal and
State, should take an oath to support it; that
the President, before entering upon the execu-
tion of his_office, should take an oath, to the best
of hi& ability fa> preserve, protect, and defend
the Constitution; that he should take care
that the laws be faithfully executed; that Con-
gress should have power to raise and support
armies, to provide and maintain navies, to levy
taxes, and borrow money without limit, if need
be, to the utmost capacity of the United States;
to provide for calling forth the entire militia of
the States to put down the insurrection, and
