1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
51
we com c to see what those laws are. and what are
the rights of the white man, and that, the black
man has only partial rights, I think I shall be
understood when I say that the writ of habeas
corpus should be suspended until there is a
spirit of justice exhibited by the State of Ken-
tucky. '
The white man in Kentucky can testify in
the courts ; the black man can testify against
himself. The white man can vote; the black
man cannot. The white man, if he commits
an offense, is tried by a jury of his peers; the
black man is tried by his enlightened, unpreju-
diced superiors. The rape of a negro woman
by a white man is 110 offense; the rape of a
white woman by a negro man is punishable by
death, and the Governor of the State cannot
commute.
A white man may come into Kentucky when
he pleases ; the free negro who comes there is a
felon, though a discharged soldier and wounded
in our battles. A white man in Kentucky may
keep a gun; if a black man buys a gun he for-
feits it and pays a fine of five dollars, if pre-
suming to keep in his possession a musket which
he has carried through the war. Arson of pub-
lic buildings, if committed by a white man, is
punished by imprisonment in the penitentiary
for a term of from seven to twenty-one years :
if committed by a black man the punishment is
death. Arson of a warehouse, &c., when com-
mitted by a white man, is punished by impris-
onment in the penitentiary from one to six
years; when committed by a negro, the penalty
is death.
If a white man is guilty of insurrection or
rebellion he is punished by being called "chiv-
alrous.'1 I instance the rebel General Forrest,
who murdered white men at Fort Pillow, and
is reputed the most popular man South. If a
negro rebels, or conspires to rebel, he is pun-
ished with death. These are specimens. Under
this code sustained by public sentiment, most
ecrtainly that arch-traitor, Breckinridge, can
come back to the Senate; and I apprise all the
aspirants for senatorial glory in old Kentucky,
who are not on that side, to
" Hang up the fiddle and the bow,
Lay down the shovel and the hoe."
T do not wish to bo personal, and have no
pleasure in these exposures; but so long as it
is asserted that this Frecdmen's Bureau is a
partial, unnecessary, speculating affair, I wish
to call attention to the fact that in the State
of Kentucky, during the last five months, more
white refugees than freedmen, in the propor-
tion of seven and one fourth to one have re-
ceived rations at the hands of the Govern-
ment; that this bureau has kept in schools in
the State of Kentucky fourteen thousand black
people: and 1 do not know but that is^ more
than all the white attendants of schools in that
State, out of the cities. I do not know how that
may be. I only know that loyal teachers are
closing their schools, while rebels are obtain-
ing a good support, and that statute may now
be enforced which imprisoned a northern lady
teacher in a penitentiary many years for point-
ing ancgro to the north star.
And here 1 recall an incident. Not many
years ago, a fugitive from Kcntuckv, partly
white, a young man, came to my house. Atter
he had eaten his breakfast he looked round and
saw a picture on the wall, a representation of
the Saviour upon the cross. Looking at that
picture, he said, ''What are they doing with
that follow up there?"' '' Why,'' said I, " that
is the Saviour on the cross." "The Saviour?''
"Yes—Jesus." "Oh, yes. I've heard of thai
fellow. He's dead now, 1 belie\e." Such is
the ignorance which is thoiesultof Kentucky s
laws, forming a public sentiment which led it to
be the truth of history, that before the rebel-
lion Kentucky fattened her noble Dnrhams for
northern shambles, and bred women and chil-
dren and sent them down to the slave markets
of llie South. Yet now. when the Government,
acting in concert with the philanthropic spirit
of the country, proposes to feed the refugees
and frccdmcn in that State, it is denounced as
unconstitutional, the offspring of false philan-
thropy. The claim of a race is denied, "when
" Behold the hire of the laborers who have reaped
down your fields, which is of you kept back by fraud,
crieth: and tlie cries of them which have reaped are
entered into the ears of the Lord of Saboath.
" Yc have lived in pleasure on the earth, and been
wanton; ye have nourished your hearts as in the day
of slaughter."
But let me press my application.
This bill is for the benefit of Kentucky and
thousands in want. Your President has sus-
pended the writ of habeas corpus there. He
has been acting under his oath. Your Attor-
ney General sanctions that suspension. The
Cabinet of the United States sanctions it. This
Congress believes it to bo right. And what,
I repeat, are you going to do with that people?
1 mean the refugees and colored people. They
have no schools.
Mr. HAND ALL, of Pennsylvania. Will the
gentleman allow me to ask hiin a question ?
Mr. GRINNELL. Yes, sir.
Mr. HAND ALL, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to know when the gentleman addresses this
side of the House what he means by saying,
"your President."
Mr. GKINNELL. The President has been
so much complimented and praised as a great
and good Union man, and as the Moses who
was to lead the children of Israel 
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Will the
gentleman allow me a word or two ?
Mr. GR1NNELL. Yes, sir.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. As one
on this side of the House, I desire to say that
I esteem him as tlie President of the whole
country; and I support his policy because it is
calculated to restore the Union as of yore.
While I had no action in electing him, yet he
commands my respect and support.
Mr. GRJNNELL. If this comes out of my
It does come out of the
time I must object.
The SPEAKER.
gentleman's time.
Mr. GRIN NELL. The difference between
tlie gentleman and myself is, that I had the
honor to give the President my vote ; and the
gentleman had tlie honor of voting for—I have
almost forgotten who 
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. A gen-
eral who was in the field. I do not know
whether the gentleman was there or not.
Mr. GRINNELL. That is the difference
between ouriricudships. I gave support then,
and do now. I propose to read what my friend
says in regard to this head. I quote from the
language of the President:
"Good faith requires the security of the freedmen
in their liberty and their proneity, their right to labor,
and their right to claim tho just return of theirlabor.
I cannot too strongly urge a dispassionate treatment
of this subject, which should be carefully kept aloof
from all paity strife. We mu&t equally avoid hasty
assumptions of any natural impossibility for the two
race- to hve sddc by side, in a state of mutual benefit
and good-will. The experiment involves us in bo
inconsistency. Let us, then, go on and xnako that
expeiiment in good faiili, and not be too easily dis-
heartened. The country is in need of labor, and the
freedmen arc in need of employment, culture, and
protection. While their light of voluntary migiation
and expatriation is not to be questioned,! would not
advice their forced removal aiul colonization. Let
us rather encourage them to honorable and useful in-
dustry where ii/ maybe beneficial to themselves and to%
the country; and, instead ot hasty anticipations^ of
the certaintv of failure, let there bo nothing wanting
to the fair trial of The experiment. The change m
their condition is the bubftitution of laborby contract
for the oiVlavery. The l'rcedman eannotlairly
be accused of unwillingness to work, oolong a^ a doubt
remains about his. lieodnm of choice m ln^ pursuits,
and the certainty of h'n recovering his stipulated
wages. In this the interests of the employer and tlie
employed coincide. The employer deMi i ■> m his work-
men spiiit and alacrity, and the.-e'-an be permanently
sccurcd in no other way. .And if tne one ought to be
able to enforce the <-oiura( t, so ou?,ht tin; other, Ine
public interest will be biM. promoted if the several
States will provide ndoqmifo protection and remedies
for the freedmen. Until this is in some way accom-
plished there is no chance for the advantageous u-e
of their labor; and the blame of ill-Miecei-s will not
rest on them. . . n
" I know that sincere philanthropy is earnest for the
immediate realization ot Ur- remotest aims: but time is
always an element in reform. It is one ot the greatest
acts on record to have brought four million people into
freedom. The career of fiee industry mibt be fanly
opencd to tlnmi; and then tln'ir future prosperity and
condition must, after all, reot mainly on themselves.
If they fail, and so perish away, let us bo careful that
the failure shall not be attributable to any denial'of-
j ustice. In all that relates to the destiny of the freed-
men, we need not be too anxious to read the future:
many incidents which, froin a speculative point of
view, might raise alarm, will quietly settle them-
selves." i
Now, Kentucky had the opportunity of doing
something for the wives and children of twenty-.
five thousand black soldiers raised in that. State,
and she failed to do it. The President now asks
that tliey shall be protected. General Grant-
desires that they sfcStll be protected^ General
Howard, at the head of the bureau, who has re-
ceived the gentleman's praise, and who is worthy *
of more than he received, recommends it. He
says:
"4. Education is absolutely essential to the freed-
men to fit them for their new duties and responsibil-
ities. I find many enlightened and learned men in
every State advocating the necessity ajid wisdom of
establishing-a system of education. Yet I believe tho
majority of the white people to be utterly opposed to
educating the negroes. The opposition is so great
that the teachers, though they may bo the purest of
Christian people, are nevertheless visited, publicly
and privately, with undisguised marks of odium. In
many parts of the country tho hostility of the white
people to the schools has been undisguised, and every
effort has been made to get the buildings used for
school purposes away from tho teachers. It is diffi-
cult to describe tho odium with which the excellent
self-denying school teachers are met."
Mr. Stanton, the Secretary of War, who is
becoming so peaceful as to be praised these
days by Democrats—I hope he may survive it—
recommends it. He says:
" Proper provision for the colpred population whose
condition has been changed by direct act of tho Fed-
eral Government, to serve its own purposes in the
conflict, is a solemn duty. More or le*s rcsi&tancQ to
the pcrl'ormancc of this duty is to be expected while
any rebellious or hostile spirit remains, but the obli-
gation to peiforin it cannot be evaded or thrust aside
with national honor or safety. A numerous class of
white person-* suffering by the ravages ofwar haVoalso
a just claim for relief."
Doesthe gentleman from Pennsylvaniaindorse
these recommendations which down through
the centuries shall be for the honor of Presi-
dent, war minister, and general?
Mr. "RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Ididnot
hear tlie gentleman's question.
Mr. GR1NNELL. Do you indorse the recom-
mendations of General Howard, General Grant,
and the President in regard to the Freedmen's
Bureau?
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I do not
know exactly what those gentlemen have said.
I am not going to indorse an omnium gatherum
of quotations by the gentleman from Iowa.
Mr. GRINNELL. I have read what the
President, General Howard, and the Secretary
of War have said.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I say
that 1 indorse the President's policy so far as
the treatment of the southern States is con-
cerned. I believe all of his messages and pub-
lic acts tend earnestly to a restoration of the
Union.
Mr. GRINNELL. Do you indorse his rec-
ommendation in reference to the Frecdmen's
Bureau? .
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I shall
answer in reference to the Frecdmen's Bureau,
when 1 have the opportunity, at length.
Mr. GRINNELL. The gentleman docs not
find it convenient to answer at this time.^ I
should like to have an answer before he claims
to he the best and peculiar friend of* the Presi-
dent. I should like to know whore we stand.
This bill is supposed to he favored by She Presi-
dent, the Secretary of War, General Grant,
and General Howard, who are to execute it.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. The
President of the United States does not, as I
understand, recommend any such bill as this,
which, according to my judgment, is in viola-
tion of the letter and spirit of the Constitution.
It proposes to appropriate money without any
color of law.
Mr. GRINNELL. And! state that to my
knowledge, as informed, the President ot the
United States does indorse the substance of
I this bill.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. J call
upon the gentleman to state where and when
