1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i715
Mr. HARRIS. _ I offer this amendment in
section eleven, line twelve, strike out "the
same" and insert "such judgment or decree."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. I offer this amendment, to
come in at the end of section [ten] fourteen:
By consent of parties, appeals may bo heard and
decided at such special terms.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I notice that there is 110
provision for appeals in the case of patents,
unless, indeed, it may be considered as coming
under the very general language to this effect,
that there may be appeals "where the court
shall certify that the adjudication involves a
legal question of sufficient importance to re-
quire that tlie final decision thereof should be
made by the Supreme C^urt." Of course if
the court make such a certificate in a patent-
ease an appeal may be had ; but except under
such a certificate, as I understand this proposed
statute, there could be no appeal in a patent-
case.
Mr. CLARK. It would depend on the amount
of damages.
Mr. SUMNER. There is an appeal where
the matter in controversy exceeds the sum or
value of §10,000, but Senators are aware that
very often in a patent-case the damages may
be very trivial in that individual case, and yet
that case may put in issue the value of a patent-
right of great importance. The case itself may
perhaps involve damages only to the amount
of one hundred or two hundred dollars; the
infringement may be slight. It is that pecu-
liarity in patent-cases that does not seem to me
to have been met adequately by this statute.
The question with me is whether, considering
that the Constitution of the United States gives
a special jurisdiction in the case of patents,
which of course is exercised exclusive of the
State courts, an appeal in all cases of patents
should not be secured. I observe that there is
an appeal " where the adjudication involves a
question upon the construction of the Consti-
tution of the United States, or any treaty, or
revenue law of the United States." Now, I
propose to insert after those words in the elev-
enth lino of the seventeenth section, these
words, " or any question of patents."
Mr. HOWE. Why not say "revenue or
other law'?1'
Mr. SUMNER. 1 do not know that that
would he required. I am endeavoring to meet
what seems to me a peculiarity in the case of
patents, because all see that in determining a
patent-case where the infringement has been
trivial you may disparage a patent-right of
enormous value. Under the circumstances,
therefore, I ask' the Senator from New York
if there is not something so peculiar in patent-
cases, and in the jurisdiction which is given to
the national Government in the case of patents,
as to justify us in including those among the
cases with regard to which there shall be an
appeal? I had not looked at this before 1 list-
ened to the bill as it was read at the desk, and
I speak now from the impressions of the mo-
me?t.
Mr. HARRIS. For myself I have no objec-
tion to amend the bill so as to allow an appeal
from the appellate court that is created under
this bill to the Supreme Court in patent-cases.
I suppose, however, that object would be ac-
complished if the bill were allowed to stand as
it is now, because in an important patent,-ease
like that which the Senator suggests there is no
doubt that the court would give the proper cer-
tificate to take it up ; but I have no sort of
objection, if he desires so to amend the bill, to
insert the word '-patent" after "revenue," so
as to read, "revenue or patent law."
Mr. SUMNER. That will meet my case,
but I should like to make one word of reply
to a remark of the Senator. I doubt whether
suitors in patent-cases would be satisfied that
their appeal should stand on such general lan-
guage as:leaves the appeal within the discretion
ol' the court. I think that in cases of such mag-
nitude as patent-eases often are, suitors would
be better pleased if they saw that their right
to an appeal stood on the actual text of the
statute.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator from Massachu-
setts will see, if he turns to page 6, that an
appeal may be-taken to the court of appeals
from any final judgment or decree of any dis-
trict court within the circuit, when the amount
claimed or the value of the property shall be
$500, or shall exceed that, and a patent is not
a very important one that does not exceed in
its value $500. It is already provided for.
Mr. SUMNER. 'That is an appeal to the
circuit court?
Mr. CLARK. Yes.
Mr. SUMNER. I am providing for an ap-
peal to the Supreme Court; and if the Senator
turns to the seventeenth section, on the tenth
page, he will see that there is no language
which does precisely meet the case of patents.
I do not say that they might not by construc-
tion come under the language there, but it is
not met precisely. I think, upon the whole,
the word "patent" had better come in before
the word "law" in line ten, after "revenue;"
so as to read, "or any treaty or revenue or patent
law.''
Mr. HOWE. I suppose the object of giving
an appeal to the Supreme Court in all cases
involving the construction of the Constitution
or involving the construction of a revenue law
is for the purpose of having a uniform rule of
decision upon those questions as well as upon
treaties. Now, is a uniform rule more abso-
lutely demanded on the construction of a rev-
enue law than any other law? Ought we not
to have and provide for by our system of juris-
prudence a uniform rule of interpretation of
all laws of the United States? Why not make
the amendment that 1 suggested to the Senator
from Massachusetts, so as to make the clause
read, "revenue or other law of the United
States?" I merely make the suggestion.
Mr. HARRIS. The suggestion of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin accords very much with
the views that I have entertained on the subject
of appeals. As I first introduced the bill it
allowed appeals in all eases to the Supremo
Court; but it was objected to, and I thought
the objection was sound, that it would be im-
possible for the Supreme Court to get through
the business if there was no restraint on ap-
peals. The Supreme Court are some three
years behind with their business, and probably
have more business on their docket now than
they can dispose of in three sessions. Unless
there is some restriction that court will be
effectually blocked up. How to make it I do
not know, unless we make it in the way pro-
vided for in this bill. It was that necessity
which reconciled mo to such a restriction upon
appeals as is here provided. My preference
would be to allow an appeal in all cases. I
should be glad if the Supreme Court could do
the, business, to allow every patty who is de-
feated in the court below to appeal; but we
cannot do it; it is impossible, unless we greatly
enlarge our judiciary system, and that we can-
not do in these times. I regard it as one of
the excellencies of this bill that it makes no
new judge and no additional expense to the
Government. It seems to me we had better
leave it as it now is, and if wo find a necessity
for enlarging the class nf cases in which ap-
peals are allowable, do it by some subsequent
legislation. I would be glad to have it passed
in the shape it is now. I quite agree with the
Senator from Massachusetts that patent-cases
ought to be added.
Mr. DAVIS. I was struck with the sound-
ness of the suggestion of the honorable Sena-
tor from Wisconsin. It seems to me that the
object of all appeals is to have a uniformity of
law, and that that uniformity cannot be ob-
tained unless the right of appeal, in cases
involving legal questions, is granted. This bill
allows an appeal where the value in contro-
versy is £10,000, or where the question in liti-
gation involves the construction of the Consti-
tution of the United States, or of any treaty or
revenue law of the United States. The sug-
gestion of the Senalor from Wisconsin is to
insert the words "or other" between "rev-
enue" and "law." Iagree to that suggestion.
By the section as it now stands, an appeal is
allpwed where the court shall certify that the
adjudication involves a legal question of suffi-
cient importance to reijuirethat the final decis-
ion thereof should be made by the Supreme
Court. I think that provision would prove
illusive in practice. A court having power to
certify that a legal question is of sufficient im-
portance to justify an appeal, will have a gen-
eral indisposition to give such a certificate.
My experience in relation to courts is precisely
the same that it is in relation to all deposita-
ries of power. The depositaries of power want
to increase their jurisdiction and their power
and lessen their labor—that is the general rule
—and I think the disposition of courts, both
supremo and inferior, is not an exception; they
will grasp as much jurisdiction and power as
they can, with as little labor as it is possible
for them to perform. The idea of their certi-
fying that a legal question is of sufficient im-
portance to authorize an appeal to be taken
from their judgment to the Supreme Court will,
in practice, I think, prove illusive. The pro-
vision ought to be expunged, in my judgment,
or it ought to be putin a form that would make
it practical and available to the parties to the
suit. I hope, therefore, that the honorable
Senator from Wisconsin will put his idea into
an amendment to this proposition, and that the
question upon his proposition will be taken.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now before the Senate is on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts, to
insert the word "patent."
Mr. HOWE. I must say, in justice to the
Senator from Kentucky, that I auuiot convinced
by the remarks of the Senator from New York
that the amendment I suggest ought not to be
made. I did not. however, intend to move the
amendment exccpt with the permission of the
honorable Senator who has charge of the bill.
I shall be compelled to offer one or two other
amendments, and one to this very clause, in
justice to the State I represent—an amendment
which will be open to the same objection that
he urges to this, and I am dissuaded by that
fact from pressing this amendment since I find
he objects to it.
Mr. CLARK. I suggest to the Senator from.
Wisconsin that this amendment proposed by
the Senator from Massachusetts may be made,
and then it will read, " or any treaty or reve-
nue or patent law;" and then if he desires to
have his amendment, saying that a question
arising on any law of the United States shall
be open to appeal, he can move to strike out
"revenue or patent." That would leave it to
stand " or any treaty or law." He can get it
in that way.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Massachusetts.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. Now, Mr. President, I must
do what 1 am reluctant to do, that is. submit
an amendment in the eighth line of this section
to strike out "ten" and insert "five" before
" thousand." I am not very familiar with the
cases in the Supreme Court, but I believe a
very large proportion of them involve less than
$10,000 in amount.
Mr. JOHNSON. Nearly two thirds.
Mr. HOWE. I was told bya leading attor-
ney from our State that three fourths of the
appeals which come up from the State of Wis-
consin involve less than that amount. ^It
should be borne in mind that these causes in-
volve private rights and do not affect ordi-
narily any one in the world except the parties ;
and the importance of the cause to the partiea
depends much more upon the amount in con-
troversy than it does upon the condition of the
parties themselves or the estates that they own.
A suit involving §100,000 is of no more im-
portance to a man worth a million than a suit
involving $10,000 is to a man worth ten times
that amount. ' The object of giving appeals in
this court, I suppose, is because it is believed
