2676
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18*
but wlit) have broken away ftont it; are now
acting in opposition to it.
As the bill in relation to that society is now
before the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds, I would much prefer that action on
this bill should be delayed until that commit-
tee shall report, or what would probably be
better, that this bill be referred to that com-
mittee for its consideration. I think it would
be unjust to the existing society, that has
already expended twelve or fifteen thousand
dollars in pursuance of this same object, to
supersede it by another corporation for the
same object. I am not advised fully of the
fosition of the two proposed institutions ; but
have been requested by some of the officers
of the Guardian Society to malce this statement
to the House when this bill came up for con-
sideration.
Mr. BALDWIN. I will repeat the state-
ment I have already made; that we had be-
fore us the memorial from the Guardian Society
for. an appropriation. And we had a consulta-
tion with Mr. Harlan, the Secretary of the
Interior, and with the agents of the Guardian
Society in regard to the appropriation. And
it is with the sanction of the Secretary of the
Interior and the officers of that society that
we have proceeded in this matter. I hold
in my hand a communication from the offi-
cers of that society approving this bill. I
cannot suppose that the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Plants] has had any communication
with the members of that society, or with
more than one gentleman who was formerly
an officer of that society, but at its last organ-
ization was left off as secretary of the society.
There can be nothing clearer than that we
are dealing with that society.
Mr. WELKER. I desire to say one word
in reply to the suggestion made by my col-
league [Mr. Plaxts] in relation to this Guard-
ian Association. There was a corporation of
that kind, a private corporation, that under-
took to take charge of the same class of crim-
inals that is provided for in this bill. This
private corporation has met with many diffi-
culties in carrying out the objects of this or-
ganization. They have had quarrels among
themselves, and we have had both parties be-
fore the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia while this measure was under consideration.
I have no doubt that one of the parties has
made the suggestion to my colleague which he
has placed before the House, but the other
party acquiesces fully in the passage of this
bill.
The idea is, that it is better not to have
two private corporations to take charge of the
juvenile offenders who may be convicted by
the courts, but to-consign them to a public
institution. And upon considering these quar-
rels, we deemed it best that there should be a
bill providing a public institution for that pur-
pose, as better subserving the interests of the
District of Columbia in that respect than either
branch of this divided Guardian Association
that the gentleman speaks of.
Now, as I understand it, the regular officers
of the Cuardian Association acquiesce fully in
what we propose to do by this bill. The mi-
nority of that association, who failed to get
control of the Guardian Association, do object
to this bill, and make this representation : that
great injustice will be done by the passage of
this bill. But the regular representatives of
this Guardian Society have appeared before the
committee, and acquiesce fully in the bill we
have reported. And therefore I hope this bill
will pass.
Mr. PLANTS. I wish simply to state to
the House that I know nothing whatever about
this controversy. I was approached by a gen-
tleman who represented himself as one of the
trustees of the Guardian Society which was
incorporated, who made the statement to me
which I have laid before the House. I have
understood from him that their act of incor-
poration was now before the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds, they asking for
some slight amendment to it. And all I have
asked was that this bill should be passed over
until that committee can report. I am not pre-
pared to take sides upon this question, if there
is any quarrel or controversy at all, for I know
nothing about it.
Mr. BALDWIN. The reasons for the pas-
sage of this bill are extremely urgent. We
have had the fullest consultation with the Sec-
retary of the Interior in regard to this matter.
He recognizes the importance of the institu-
tion, and approves in the most cordial and
emphatic manner the bill we have now before
us. I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The amendments reported by the committee
were read, as follows:
First amendment:
In section two, line four, strike out" two "and insert
"one ;" so that the clause will read:
One of whom shall be nominated for appointment
by the mayor of Washington.
The amendment was agreed to.
Second amendment:
In the same section, after the word " freorgetown,"
insert the following:
One by the levy court of the county of Washington.
The amendment was agreed to.
Third amendment:
In the same section, line thirteen, after the word
"years," insert the words " to be determined by the
President."
The amendment was agreed to.
Fourth amendment:
In section four, lino eight, strike out theword " sanc-
tion" and insert in lieu thereof theword" approve."
The amendment was agreed to.
Fifth amendment:
In the same section, line six, insert after the word
"Interior"the words "to fix the salaries of said offi-
cers subjesf to the approval of the Secretary of the
Interior."
The amendment was agreed to.
Sixth amendment:
In section live, strike out tho words, " satisfactory
to them " and insert "to be approved by the board
of trustees."
Tho amendment was agreed to.
Seventh amendment:
In the same section, line six, strike out "to" and
insert "by."
The amendment was agreed to.
Eighth amendment:
In soction eight, line two, after the word " guilty,"
insert "in a court in the District of Columbia."
The amendment was agreed to.
Ninth amendment:
In the same section, line eight, after the word
"guilty," insert"in a court in tho Districtof Colum-
bia."
The amendment was agreed to.
Tenth amendment :
In section nine, line two, insert after the word
"years" the words "residing in the District of "Co-
lumbia."
The amendment was agreed to.
Eleventh amendment:
In the same section, lines nine and ten, strike out
"for such a term or time as in his judgment the case
requires," and inscit" there to remain for such aterm
or time as the trustees may deem best."
The amendment was agreed to.
Twelfth amendment:
In the same section, line five, after the word "gov-
erned," insert "them."
The amendment was agreed to.
Thirteenth amendment:
In section twelve, line thirteen, strike out thewords
"in writing."
The amendment was agreed to.
Fourteenth amendment:
In section thirteen, lines five and nine, strike out
"these" and insert "the."
The amendment was agreed to.
Fifteenth amendment:
In section sixteen, line seven, striko out" Treasury"
and insert " Interior."
The amendment was agreed to.
Sixteenth amendment:
i In section sixteen fill the first blank by inserting
" $4,500," the second blank by inserting "81,000," tho
third blank by inserting "8500."
The amendment was agreed to.
* Seventeenth amendment:
In the same section strike out all after the word
"Interior" in line twenty-five to the word "collect"
in line twenty-seven, and insert the following:
Shall secure an assessment of taxes in such delin-
quent city or county sufficient to cover the amount
required, and the expenses of collecting thesame, and
appoint a collector who shall.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. BALDWIN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SALES AND GIFTS IN THE DISTRICT.
Mr. WELKER, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported back House bill
No. 564, to annul the thirty-fourth section of
the declaration of rights of the State of Mary-
land so far as the same applies to the District
of Columbia.
The question being on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time,
The bill was read at length. It provides that
the thirty-fourth section of the declaration of
rights of the State of Maryland, so far as the
same has been recognized and adopted in the
District of Columbia, be repealed and annulled;
that all sales, gifts, and devises, prohibited by
the said section or any law passed in accord-
ance therewith, shall be, when hereafter made,
valid and effectual.
Mr. THAYER. As this may give rise to
extended debate, I rpake the point of order
that it is not a private bill. It will of course
shut out the private business if it gives rise
to debate.
Mr. WELKER. I understand the bill is in
order under the call from the Committee for
the District of Columbia.
The SPEAKER. Private bills relate gen-
erally to individuals or corporations. May's
Parliamentary Practice states that private bills
" are for the interest of an individual, a public
company or corporation, a parish, a city, a
county, or other locality." It must not be a
general bill in its enactments, but " a bill for
the particular interest or benefit of a person or
persons." As an illustration, a pension bill
for the relief of a soldier's widow is a private
bill, but a general bill granting pensions to any
class of such persons as a class instead of as
individuals is a public bill. This appears to
be a public bill.
Mr. WELKER. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Thayer] to withdraw his
objection. It will take but a moment. I can
explain the whole matter in a word to the sat-
isfaction of the House.
Mr. THAYER. I withdraw the objection,
reserving the right to renew it if lengthy
debate arises.
Mr. WELKER. Under the bill of ^rights of
the State of Maryland, adopted in 1776, there
is a provision which renders void all bequests
and devises of property, real or personal, for
the use and benefit of religious denominations or
benevolent purpeses of a religious character.
In the organization of the District of Colum-
bia that part of the law of Maryland was not
annulled in the part of the territory originally
comprised of the State of Maryland, and to-day
in the'District of Columbia no person has any
right to make any gift, devise, or bequest to any
religious denomination for benevolent or reli-
gious purposes. The object of this bill is sim-
ply to remove that provision of the law so far
as the District of Columbia is concerned.
The occasion of the introduction of this bill,
or a special reason for it, is that a gentleman
desires to leave a gift of this character for the
benefit of a church, and on examination of the
laws of the District his counsel has advised
him that he cannot make any such gift. The
