1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
2677
purpose of the bill is to repeal that law. I
demand the previous question. 1
Mr. JENCKES. Will the gentleman allow
me to make an explanation? Since the bill
of rights in the constitution of Maryland was
in force that State has adopted another consti-
tution. Would it not be proper to refer to the
date of that first constitution in which this
clause is contained ?
• Mr. WELKER. By an act of Congress in
1801 this provision of the law of Maryland
was incorporated as the law of the District of i
Columbia, so that it is in force notwithstanding J
the abrogation in Maryland. j
Mr. JENCKES. I suggest the insertion of '
the date of the constitution in which the clause !
is contained. j
Mr. WELKER. It refers to the thirty-fourth |
section of the bill of rights. That I deem suf- j
fieient, because there is but one bill of rights in '
that State. |
Mr. JENCICES. There is another consfi- j
tution containing a declaration of rights which
consists of more than thirty-four sections.
Mr. WELKE R. I will then ask consent to
insert a reference to the bill of rights adopted
in 177G.
The amendment was accordingly made. The
bill was then ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time and
passed.
Mr. WELKER moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NATIONAL SAFE DEPOSIT COMPANY.
Mr. INGERSOLL, from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, reported back, with
an amendment. Senate bill No. 177, to incor-
porate the National Safe Deposit Company, in
the District of Columbia, with a recommenda-
tion that it pass.
The bill was read. It constitutes A. R.
Shepherd, William S. Huntington, S. P. Brown,
G. W. Riggs, Nathaniel Wilson, G. H. Plant,
and others, a body politic and corporate by the
name and style of the National Safe Deposit
Company of Washington. t
The second section provides that the capital
stock of said company shall consist of a sum not
exceeding $200,000, divided into two thousand
shares of $100 each, and that so soon as one
fourth of the shares have been subscribed for,
and twenty-five dollars per share paid at the
time of subscribing, and the balance secured
to be paid, then this company shall be compe-
tent to transact all kinds of business for which
it is established.
The third section provides that the corpor-
ators shall open books of subscription for the
capital stock of this company at such time and
in such suitable place in the city of Washington
as they may think proper, and shall receive the
installments on the stock of said company pro-
vided for in section second, and shall deliver
the money so paid to the board of directors so
soon as they shall be appointed and prepared
to receive the same.
Section four provides for the election of
officers.
Section five provides that the president, vice
president, and directors of said company shall
be, and they are hereby, authorized and em-
powered to receive and keep on deposit all
such valuables, gold, silver, or paper money,
bullion, precious metals, jewels, plate, certifi-
cates of stock, or evidence of indebtedness,
deeds or muniments of title, or other valuable
papers of any kind, or any other article or
thing whatsoever, which may be left or depos-
ited for safe keeping with said company, and
shall be entitled to charge such commissions or
compensation therefor as may be agreed upon,
and for the complete preservation and safe keep-
ing thereof shall construct, erect, lease, or pur-
chase, such fire-proof and burglar-proof build-
ing or buildings, vaults, iron, or composition
safes, or other means which may become neces-
sary, and generally to transact and perform all
the business relating to such deposit, and safe
keeping or preservation of all such articles or
valuables as may be deposited with said com-
pany, and also to invest the capital or funds of
the said company, or such money or funds as
may be deposited with said company for that
purpose, from time to time, in the public funds
of the United States, or in any stock or property
whatsoever, and to dispose of the said stocks,
money, and property in such manner (not
contrary to law) as to them shall appear most
advantageous to said company.
Section six relates to dividends.
Section seven relates to rules and regulations
for the management of the affairs of the com-
pany.
Section eight provides that nothing heroin
contained shall be taken or construed to give
the corporation hereby created the power to
issue or circulate as currency any bill, note,
token, or evidence of indebtedness of its own
creation.
The amendment reported by the committee
is as follows:
Provided, That each stockholder shall he held in-
dividually liable for all debt.-, and liabilities of said
corporation to the extent of double the amount of
stock so owned by said stockholder.
The amendment was agreed to; and the bill,
as amended, was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I would
like to know exactly what this is. It is a bank,
if I understand it, and if so why not bring it
under the operation of the banking law?
Mr. INGERSOLL. It has no powers of a
bank. The bill follows the provisions in rela-
tion to the charter of like institutions in New
York and Massachusetts. It simply incor-
porates certain individuals into a body-politic
with power to erect, a building, put therein iron
or fire-proof safes, to receive on deposit bonds,
title papers, jewels, and other valuable things,
and hold them in safe keeping for the owners
for such time as they ma}* desire and at a stipu-
lated price to be agreed upon by them.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I want to ask the
gentleman from Illinois, as this is a somewhat
lengthy bill, whether this incorporation is not
to be substantially a bank of deposit? It oc-
curs to me, from the reading of the bill, that
this incorporation will be clothed with power
to do business as a bank of deposit. I under-
stand the last clause to provide that they shall
not have authority to issue notes to circulate
as money; and that. I understand, is the only
limitation in the bill on their powers as bank-
ers. Now, if that is the character of the bill,
I think it had better be printed, so that we may
examine it.
Mr. SPALDING. IIow would this com-
pany differ from the bank here that exploded
the other day?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I have this to say: that
there is no authority in the bill allowing this
company to pay interest on any deposit : it
may receive bank bills, bonds of the United
States, or anything else that the owner is will-
ing to pay a certain price to have kept safely.
But if there be any fear that the company may
exercise the powers of a bank, I will move as
an amendment, that they shall not receive
money on deposit. That is not the intention.
I will move to add this proviso :
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be
deemed to authorize the said corporation to pay in-
terest oil deposits of money, securities, or any other
property deposited with it.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. Are they author-
ized to discount notes and bills of exchange?
Mr. INGERSOLL. They are not.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. It does seem to
me that the provisions of this bill are too
broad, and I hope it will not pas*.
Mr. SPALDING. 1 think the bill had bet-
ter be referred to the Committee on Banking
and Currency.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Is there any ex-
press language in the bill confining the opera-
tions of this incorporation to the District of
Columbia?
Mr. INGERSOLL. There is nothing in the
bill which gives them a right to exercise their
powers outside of the District of Columbia.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I submit to the
House that if there is no language in the bill
restricting the operations of this company to the
District of Columbia they may establish them-
selves in any State throughout the country. I
take it that the House would hardly be willing
to establish an incorporated company of that
character, and I suggest that the bill be
amended.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I differ with the gentle-
man on that point, but I will offer this as an
addition to my amendment, to save any ques-
tion of this character.
And provided further, That the operations of this
company shall be confined to the District of Colum-
bia.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to know whether, if the motion for the previous
question shall not be sustained, it will be in
order to move to refer this bill to some com-
mittee for further examination.
The SPEAKER. If the previous question
shall not be sustained, a motion to refer the
bill will be in order.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Then I
hope the House will not sustain the previous
question, and that the bill may be referred to
the Committee on Banking and Currency, so
that the effect of the bill may be thoroughly
known.
Mr. EGGLESTON. If these parties can
receive this property on deposit, and have a
right to sell it, what is to prevent them from
charging such rates as the parties depositing
may agree to pay ? It amounts to establishing
a pawnbroker's shop, to be legalized by Con-
gress.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will say in answer
that the company have no right to dispose of
any article deposited with them except upon
an agreement made with the depositor-;.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I would ask the
gentleman if all pawnbrokers, in disposing of
the articles left with them, do not have an agree-
ment-with the parties as to the mode in which the
property shall be disposed of. and if this bill
does not provide by law that this company shall
do what pawnbrokers usually do.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I must decline to yield
any further. I will say in reply to the gentle-
man from Iowa that I never nad any dealings
with pawnbrokers, and know nothing of their
mode of doing business. There is nothing in
the bill but what is legitimate and proper. It
has passed the Senate, and I have proposed
amendments limiting the business of the com-
pany. and giving further security to depositors.
Now. with the explanation that has been
made, if the House is not willing to second the
call for the previous question then they can
vote it down. I have answered as many ques-
tions as I deem necef-sary.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I would
ask the chairman of the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia [Mr. Ixgeksoli,] it there is
anything in this bill that prohibits disbursing
officers of the Government from depositing pub-
lic funds in this institution.
Mr. INGERSOLL. No, sir. there is not. I
suppose that the disbursing officers of the Gov-
ernment are controlled by the statute? and the
orders of their superiors, and not by the pro-
visions of this bill. There is no prohibition in
this bill against disbursing officers putting their
public funds in this institution, any more than
there was in reference to their depositing in
the Merchants' National Bank of this city.
I move the previous question. If the House
do not desire to second it, they can vote it down,
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I hope
the House will vote ft down.
The question was taken ; and upon a division
there were—ayes twenty, noes not counted.
So the nrevious question was not seconded.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I move
thr.t this bill and the pending amendment be
referred to the Committee on Banking and Cur-
U Mr. HENDERSON. I would like to ask
