1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL (xLCBE.
—„—■—    _     
687
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Dolos R. Ashley, Barker,
Bcarnan, Bergen, Blaine, Blow, Brandegee, Brom-
well, Broomall, Chanler, Sidney Clarke, Conkling,
Culver, Darling, Defrees, Iteming, Denison,Donnelly,
Dumont, Goodyear, Henderson, Iligby, Hill, Hoteli-
kiss, Edwin N.Hubbell, Jenckos, Jones, Kerr, George
V. Lawrence, Lynch, McCullough, Mclndoe, Morris,
Moulton, Newell,Nicholson,Phelps,Raymond, John
H. Riee, Rogers, Rousseau, Sitgreaves. Sloan, Starr,
Sfilwell, John li. Thomas, Thornton, Ward, Warner,
Elihu B. Wasbburnc, Whaley, Stephen 1:\ Wilson,
Windom, and Wright—54.
So tile report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the report, of the
committee of conference was agreed to; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I am
further directed by tiiQ committee of conference
on the tax bill to present the following report:
The committee of conference farther recommend
that the words " by the collector" in line nineteen,
page 140, in tho text of the engrossed bill be stricken
out,
This is merely a verbal correction.
The SPEAKER. A message from the Sen-
ate has been received, announcing that that
body has unanimously agreed that this change
shall be made. It requires the unanimous eon-
sent of both Houses to change the text of a bill
after it has passed. Is there any objection to
the change being made as recommended by the
committee of conference?
There was no objection.
holding evening session.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the House
take a recess at half past four o: clock this after-
noon, to meet again at half past seven o'clock,
for the purpose of proceeding with the consid-
eration of the tariff bill. '
The motion was agreed to; there being—
ayes CO, noes 85. • 1
TAKIFF bill a (jain.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that when the
House shall again resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
all debate on the pending paragraph terminate
in one minute.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr..MORRILL. I move that the rules be
suspended and that the House resolve itself
into the Commit'.se of the Whole on the state'
of the Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
• accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of tho Union, (Mr.
Scofield in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of House bill No. 718, to provide
increased revenue from imports, and for other
purposes.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the question
v-eeurred on the amendment offered by Mr.
Kelley to the amendment of Mr. Hogan ; and
that all further debate had been limited to one
minute.
Mr. KELLEY. I wish to say the object is
to make the duty on the manufactured articles
equal to the duty on the raw material. We
have increased the latter, and I wish now to
make the former commensurate with it. If
the raw material of Italian marble is to be
imported into this country, I want the labor of
manufacturing it done here and not abroad.
The CHAIRMAN stated that debate was
exhausted.
Mr. Kelley's amendment was disagreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Hogan's
amendment.
Mr. HOGAN. I will modify my amend-
ment so as to make it one hundred per cent.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. HOGAN. The committee agreed to
seventy-five per cent, instead of seventy. I
believe that is universally conceded.
The CHAIRMAN. All debate on this par-
agraph has been terminated.
Mr. HOGAN. I move to make it "seventy-
five" instead of "seventy."
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. HOGAN. I move to add the following:
On marblo dabs and tiles one dollar per square
foot, and, in addition thereto, twenty-five per cent.
ad valorem.
Mr. MORRILL,
insert " cubic."
Strike out "square" and
Mr. HOGAN. I accept that modification.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows;
On nickel, forty eents per pound; on alloy of nickel
■with copper, and on aa-ffer, forty eents per pound; on
nickel ma.tte, speiss, or oxide, thirty centsper pound;
on manufactures of nickel, or of which nickel shall
bo a component material of chiefvalue, fifty percent.
ad valorem; on ores of nickel and cobalt ores, ten
per cent, ad valorem*
Mr. HUBBARD, of'Connecticut. I move to
strike out " on nickel forty cents per pound."
■Sir. Chairman, I want to understand how it is
that the duty on this article has been quadru-
pled by the report of the committee. It is here
proposed to make it four times what it is in the
existing tariff. I do not know that I am in
error in regard to this article oi the interest of
the country in the subject. If I am the chair-
man of the committee can correct rne. The
tariff at present is fifteen per cent, ad valo-
rem, and the article during the last year has
paid a large revenue to the Republic. It has
contributed its full share of the $170,000,000
in gold that we have received from the present
tariff'. Now, I find from fifteen per cent, it is
proposed to increase it to forty cents per pound.
If this increase be adopted it will be entirely
prohibitory, and we cannot expect to receive a
cent of duty on the article of nickel hereafter.
I understand, Mr. Chairman, that eighty per
cent, of this article used in this country comes
from abroad. It is used extensively in making
white metal or German silver. If this tariif
be adopted, thousands of individuate who are
engaged in the manufacture will be driven out
of employment. I would like to have the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
say why the duty on this article has been in-
creased fourfold?
Mr. MORRILL. I do not respond to the
gentleman because there are others who wish to
take part in this debate.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. I pre-
sume it is proposed to increase the duty on this
article to the extent of prohibition, in order
that some interest in Pennsylvania may be pro-
tected. I do not believe that the interest of
the Republic generally requires such an in-
crease of duty on this article.
Mr. KASSON. I have the floor, but I feel
boun d to give way to a member of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to offer an
amendment before the question is taken on
tho motion to strike out. I propose to insert
"on nickel, twenty-five per cent, ad valorem."
There is only a small distfict of country in
the United States whore nickel is produced,
namely, one or two .counties in Pennsylvania
and a small part of New Jersey. Not more
than two or three parties have ever produced
it in this country. It enters into the manufac-
ture of German silver and white metal wares
generally. The manufacturers of articles made
chiefly of nickel have paid into the Treas-
ury during the past year §200,000 of internal
revenue. They ought to be cared for as well
as the original producers of the raw material.
I call attention to the history of the legislation
on this subject hitherto. In the tariff of 1842
nickel was free. In the tariff of 1846 the duty
was five per cent, ad valorem, and continued
so for eleven years, when, under the tariff of
1857, it was reduced to four per cent. That
rate was continued until 1861, when it was
again made free, and continued so until 1864,
when a duty of fifteen per cent, was put upon
it. And now, by this bill, the duty proposed
is forty cents per pound, which is about forty
per cent, ad valorem, the article being pur-
chased in foreign ports at about one dollar a
pound.
Mr. STEVENS. It costs two doll*s here.
Mr. GARFIELD. The cost here is about
one dollar and seventy-five cents, which sum
includes the duty and cost of transportation;
but at the foreign porta it is vaJaed at about
one dollar and five cents per pound. A duty
of forty cents per pound is therefore about
forty per cent., ad valorem,, and it is an increase
of the present rate of nearly one hundred and
seventy-five per cent. There is another fact t<j
be considered. The producers of nickel haycj
an exclusive monopoly of the business. They
supply the United States Mint with nickel for
coinage, and have recently had a very lucrative
contract with the Government to supply the
metal for the one, two, and three cqjj.t coinage.
A few days ago we passed a law to authorize
the coinage of a five-cent piece, composed
partly of nickel; so that these men will have a
further continuance of Government patronage.
I think we should have some regard for the large
manufacturing interests which are obliged to
use this article as raw materia^ The amend-
ment I have offered will give adequate protec-
tion to the producer, for it is an advance on
•the present duty of sixty-five per cent, and it
will also be in fair proportion to the duty on
the products of nickel.
Mr. HOGAN. I would like to inquire of
the gentleman whether the United States Mint
instead of using American nickel does not
import English nickel to make the coins of,
paying no duty thereon.
Mr. GARFIELD. I believe the officers of
the Mint have contracted with the parties in
New Jersey and Pennsylvania to supply the
Mint with the metal they need for coinage, and
they have been using American nickel exclu-
sively for seven or eight months past.
Mr. HOGAN. I understand the reverse to
be the fact.
Mr. KASSON. I shall not be very much
surprised if my friend from Ohio [Mr. Gar-
field] should be led into sundry other errors
besides that which he has unintentionally com-
mitted now in his statement touching this sub-
ject, from tho fact that lie and I differ from
.the very foundation on the question of this
tariff. As I stated the other day, whenever
there is a new, struggling industry in this
country that cannot compete without help,
there is an object, and then is the time for the
exercise of our right to discriminate in favor
of industry.
Now, sir, this is peculiarly a new and strug-
gling industry. As chairman of the Commit-
tee on Coinage, Weights, and Measures, I have
had to examine thissubjectin connection with
a bill which I introduced in regard to coinage.
I find there is but one manufacture of nickel
in this country now. There have been two or
three previous attempts made to establish man-
ufactories; but they have failed at the outset
from inability to'compete with the foreign prod-
uct. The best nickel perhaps in the world is
produced in Prussia, and that has been used
to a great extent in the United States Mint as
a part of the ingredient of our coin. Labor in,
Prussia is cheap, fuel is cheaper, and chemicals
are so much cheaper abroad, that when tho
question comes as between the industry of Eu-
rope ond this country—for there are some six
or eight large producers in England and Ger-
many, and I believe one or two in Sweden—tho
necessity for some considerable protection is
manifest if we would establish this new indus-
try in this country.
Nickel is obtained from an ore which yields
from two to six per cent. It is found in Penn-
sylvania, New Jersey, Missouri, and some
other States, I believe; but there is but ono
man who lias possessed the genius and the will
to develop and establish the manufacture of
this product. That man deserves the thanks
of Congress and of the country, for it has cost
him from $100,000 to §200,000 to establish it
on a permanent basis. And, sir, he has done
what I would urge other capitalists to do who
are clamoring for excessive protection from
us. He has gone to Europe and brought the
laborer here to his mill in order to be enabled
by the skill and experience of that laborer to
reduce the cost of Ihe product and bring it in
competition with the foreign article. He has
