3638
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6,
fot one of the most experienced artisans from
lurope to aid him in the development of this
industry.
Now, I say this is one of those infantile in-
dustries of the country which needs to be de-
veloped. The question of the production of
German silver depends upon it. It advances
the cost of German silver about six per cent.,
and better would it bo to cnhance the price
of German silver six per cent., which partakes
of the character of a luxui-y, than to destroy
the only factory where nickel is produced in
this country. Recollect that the ore yields
only from two to six per cent, of the metal.
It first goes through the smelting operation
and is reduced to a concentrated ore which is
sent to England where it is reduced to nickel.
Then that is brought back to this country, pay-
ing a duty of fifteen per cent. It is cheaper
to do that tfen to reduce it to,a metal here.
Under these circumstances 1 consider this as
a peculiar case where protection is needed.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MOORHEAD. I move, pro formd, to
strike out "forty cents" and insert "fifty
cents." I hope the report of the committee
will be adopted, and I only make this motion
for the purpose of replying to my colleague
on the Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr.
Garfield.] I was very much surprised at two
propositions he introduced hero, and the first
and most astonishing one- was to change the
report of the committee from a specific to an
ad valorem duty. I have been exceedingly
anxious, being in favor of protecting Ameri-
can manufactures, to change our system from
ad valorem to specific duties. In the old coun-
tries where they have had a tariff for very
many years they have almost entirely abol-
ished acl valorem duties. I am told that in
France, out of fifteen hundred items there are
but about twenty that have ad valorem, duties put
upon them, while about forty per pent, of our
own tariff is ad valorem.
The other proposition, or rather statement,
that the gentleman made was that he should
go against an ad valorem on minerals that we
produce in this country. Sir, whenever you
can develop from the bowels of the earth any-
thing and turn it into gold, nickel, or anything
else, so mucins clear gain ; all the labor, every-
thing connected with the development of an
article and tho_ bringing it into commerce is so
much clear gain to the community. It is not
necessary, therefore, to say much more ; I will
only ask to have read, as a part of my remarks,
a portion of a letter addressed to me recently
by Joseph Wharton, Esq., of Camden, New
J ersey.
The Clerk read a portion of the letter, as
follows:
"I have now boon struggling for more than three
years to establish this important industry here, but
for two reasons my efforts have hitherto produced
little but vexation and loss. These reasons are, first,
that though I succeeded in making some pretty good
mekel I found it impossible with such light and aid
aslhad to bvingthis most, difficult mamifactui e within
any reasonable time to tho sauio point of excellence
and economy which bylongcxperieneo the Europeans
had reached: second, I was obliged to buy my chemi-
cals and other materials at tho high rates brought
about by the high general scale of tariff, and was
obliged to sell my product at the low rates which lor-
ei/jn nickel (subject to a tariff far below tho general
scale) could bo sold here at. Iliad to give up the fight
ot course, and to stop my works, but as my means and
resolution werenot exhausted, instead of abandoning
the enterprise, I cast about in everyway to gcUit the
best processes, by means of research and inquiry and
sending my chemist on a tour to England and Uer-
xmmy.
"Havingsatisfied myself that Dr. Theodore Flirt-
rmmn is tho ablest man in tho world in this business,
I have induced him to come over hero andhavetormed
a partnership with him, which I believe will entirely
"!? w''" difficulty number one. Tho nickel firm
of riirtmann & "With, of which Dr. Ilirtmann is the
a cad, is, I believe, the second in the world in magni-
tude, and the first in the world for excellence of prod-
uct."
Mr. MOORHEAD. _ I wish to say that the
gentleman who has written this letter, and who
is developing the production of nickel in this j
country, sent to Prussia and obtained the ser-1
vices of a most distinguished gentleman, who j
is now in partnership with him in developing i
thig new industry. I hope it will not be crushed !
out by the action of this House. I withdraw
my amendment to the amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD. I renew the amendment
to the amendment. I wish to notice for a mo-
ment some of the objections which the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Mookhead]
raises. Tho first is that I have proposed to
change the duty from specific to ad valorem.
Now, I am perfectly willing to make this duty
specific. I agree with the gentleman that gen-
erally that is the better way. I only made it
ad valorem because I did not know exactly
what the corresponding specific duty was. But
I would like the attention of the gentleman for
one moment. I recollect to have seen a man
attempting to bale out a boat that had no bot-
tom to it; and for every pail full he poured out
of the boat of course another pail full cam£
right into the boat again. Now, when people
propose to protect the production of an article
by putting the duty upon it so high as to crush
out its use in other manufactures, they are but
pouring the water out of the boat to come right
in again. Now, what is the use of our pro-
ducing nickel in this country at all unless we
have manufacturers to make use of it? But if
every manufacture in this country that uses
nickel is broken down, what is the value of its
production?
Mr. MOORHEAD. Then I would ask the
gentleman what was the use of developing the
iron-producing interests in this country when
we could a£ that time purchase it cheaper from
abroad than we could make it. Yet we can
now cope with the world in its production.
Mr. GARFIELD. We use nickel in this
country for making white metal and other
manufactures. And the only object of protect-
ing the nickel-producing interest is to supply
to this country the raw material for our man-
ufactures. But if the gentleman breaks down
our manufactures which use this article, then
his nickel mines will not be worth a twopence.
The manufactures in which this article is used
will be brought in from England, Prussia, and
other countries where they are produced, and
that will be the result of his policy. Now, if
the gentleman's Pennsylvania friend could for
eleven years run his nickel mines without the
protection of any duty whatever, lie will prob-
ably be able to run them with the protection
of a duty of twenty-five per cent. If he was
enabled to ran them before 186-1, without hav-
ing a duty of more than five per cent., then he
can surely run them now with a duty of twenty-
five per cent. If he could run them under the
tariff of 186-1, with a duty of fifteen percent.,
T suppose he would not be crushed out and
ruined with the advantage of a duty of twenty-
five per cent. _ Now, I do not propose to be
led off into this fallacy of running up the duty
to such an exorbitant extent as to ruin every-
thing else connected with it under the plea of
protecting this particular interest, but event-
ually to ruin it entirely. . Now, if the gentle-
man would rather have the duty at twenty-five
cents per pound, instead of twenty-five per
cent, ad valorem, I will not make much objec-
tion to so modifying my amendment, though
that is raising the duty eighty per cent, over
the present rate.
Mr. THAYER. I want to ask the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] a question.
Mr. GARFIELD. Very well.
Mr. THAYER. Is there any other industry
or interest which is opposed to a high protect-
ive duty on nickel except the Gorman silver
manufacture ?
Mr. GARFIELD. Only the German silver
manufacturers, and every person who uses
German silver ware.
Mr. THAYER. I want to ask the gentle-
man whether the German silver manufactur-'
ers 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr._ HUBBARD, of Connecticut. I say
there is no nickel ore in this country that is fit
to be worked._ But there are thousands and
thousands of individual common day laborers
now embarked in the business of making white
metal atid the German silver, for which this
metal is needed, and which they are compelled
to import from abroad. It is not produced in
this country. It cannot be produced here.
Yet we are called upon by my respected friend
from Pennsylvania to protect the interest of
one single man who is experimenting in the
production of this nickel ore, in opposition to
the interest of thousands upon thousands of
day laborers who use this material in the man-
ufactories in which they are engaged.
Now, Mr. Chairman, no man can doubt that
the duty here proposed is entirely prohibitory.
If it be adopted we shall not realize a single
dollar of revenue from this source. Under the
present tariff, with a duty of fifteen per cent.
ad valorem on this article, we have received a
large amount of revenue from this source during
the last year.
Mr. MORRILL. For the purpose of termi-
nating debate, I move that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Scofield re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on.tho
state of the Union had, according to order, had
under consideration bill of the House No. 718,
to provide increased revenue from imports, and
for other purposes, and had come to no resolu-
tion thereon.
ddxdas patent.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Interior in reply to a resolu-
tion of the House of May 26, in regard to the
reissue of tho Dundas patent for cultivators;
which was referred to the Committee on Pat-
ents and ordered to be printed.
TARIFF BILL A«AIN„
Mr. MORRILL. I move that when the House
shall again resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, all
debate on the pending paragraph and amend-
ments thereto terminate in seven minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the rules be
suspended and the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole'on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Scofield in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the special order, being bill of
the House No. 718, to provide increased rev-
enue from imports, and for other purposes.
Mr. MORRILL. I merely desire to occupy
the time of the committee long enough to give
some information which may be necessary for
their proper action on this subject. In 18S4 we
imposed upon nickel a duty of fifteen per cent.
A struggle was made for a higher duty. I re-
sisted that effort because I thought it impossi-
ble to place a sufficient amount of duty upon
German silver ware and argentine ware to
afford compensation. Tho duty now proposed
is forty cents per pound. We have raised the
duty upon German silver ware from forty per
cent, to fifty per cent. Therefore, in my judg-
ment, this article will be able to bear the amount
of duty we have proposed.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate - is exhausted
upon the pending amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. I move,proformCc, to amend
the amendment by striking out tho last word.
This nickel is a very recent discovery in this
country. The gentleman from Ohio speaks of
what the tariff was on this article five or six
years ago.- Why, sir, the article had not then
been discovered in America. The discovery
is but recent. As to the mine which has been
referred to, I may state that two companies
that have attempted to work it have broken
down, and a third company is now working it
at a very gl-eat expense, for the work requires
an amount of labor and machinery greater than
would be supposed by one who had not seen
the thing in practical operation. It costs be-
tween one and two hundred thousand dollars.
This man has brought it to perfection or nearly
