1718
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
get involved in lawsuits, and they become
excited in regard to their eases, ambitious,
vindictive often, and they will appeal a case
from court to court, and would appeal it to
twenty or a thousand courts, if you would pass
a law that would allow it. If the object was
to encourage litigation and furnish business
for lawyers, I think you had better establish
not only one intermediate court, but twenty
intermediate courts; but if the object is the
peace of the community, to furnish reasonable
means for every man to obtain his rights, I
think when you have given him one appeal to a
court of the high character of these courts of
appeals, you have given him enough ; and the
relief to the Supreme Court will amount to
nothing if you are going to allow every case to
go there which went there before. I hope the
amendment wijl not prevail.
Mr. CLARK. What do we have courts for,
Mr. President? To do justice. What do we
have a Supreme Court of the United States
for? To do justice. Then, if that court is
established to do justice, why should it not do
justice to as many citizens of the United States
as it can accommodate at its doors and in its
hall? Why should not everybody have the
privilege of approaching that court? Why
should the man whose controversy involves an
amount of $10,000 have the right to go to that
court, and the man whose controversy does not
involve that amount be shut out? If this bill
should stand as it is the result would be that
the suits which originate in the cities where
the amount is large, and the large landed cases
only, would reach the Supreme Court; the
others would not reach the Supreme Court.
What I desire is that as many of the people be
permitted to reach that court as is consistent
with the convenience of the court. The court
must not be overburdened: but if you relievo
that court of the examination of the facts, and
if you more than double the amount required
to be in controversy under the old law, it seems
to me you will relieve that court sufficiently.
It is very true that a poor man may contend
with a rich man ; it is very true that the rich
man may prevail against the poor man in your
district court; it may bo very true that the rich
man,may prevail against him in the court of
appeals; but will you then shut out the poor
man because he is poor, and not let him go
further, when, by going to the court above, he
might prevail against the rich man ? It will
not do to shut the doors of the court on any
such account. The doors must be open to the
poor man as well as to the rich man ; and it
is because I would make the court satisfactory,
and would have it open to as many people as
possible, that I am for amending this amount
here and striking it down to $">,000. I hope
the. amendment will prevail.
Mr. HOWE. The opposition urged by the
honorable Senator from Illinois and the Sena-
tor from Oregon, as well as that insinuated
rather than urged by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, induces me to say what I undertook
to say to-day to the Senator from New York,
and it is this, very briefly: the diminution of
business that you are seeking to secure in the
Supreme Court will be accomplished much more
I think than wo now estimate by the fact that
you are providing two trials for all causes be-
fore any case gets into the Supreme Court ex-
cept those of which they have original jurisdic-
tion. Two trials are to be had. It is a mistake
to suppose, as the Senator from Illinois seems
to suppose, that suitors generally take appeals
or go to law for the fun of the thing, for their
own gratification. There are perhaps individ-
uals in this world of ours so constituted as that
they can find solid fun in lawsuits—I speak of
course of unprofessional gentlemen [laughter]
—but they are very rare. Ordinarily, men en-
gage in litigation because they believe then-
rights are infringed or abused, and they get the
judgment of a tribunal on that question. If-it
does not satisfy them, if it does not lead them
to doubt very seriously whether they have been
abused as they supposed, they will doubtless
seek the judgment of a new tribunal; but it
often happens—I think it is within the experi-
ence of every professional gentleman—that
from accident, or from some cause or other, the
first trial has not only failed to be satisfactory
to his client, but has failed to be satisfactory
to himself. I think almost all lawyers will as-
sent to the proposition that they frequently try
causes for the first time and can see they have
not fairly presented them to the court, and that
upon a second hearing they could present them
more satisfactorily to themselves. When that
is the case, neither suitors nor attorneys will
be satisfied.
Here you have provided, as I said, for two
hearings before any cause goes to this final tri-
bunal. That is the provision which is going
to restrict more than any other the business in
the Supreme Court; and I think, having pro-
vided for those two hearings below, the busi-
ness of this court will be diminished much
more than we now estimate. I hope, however,
that the Senate will conclude to try this amend-
ment. If it is found that in spite of these two
hearings granted below, the business accumu-
lates in the Supreme Court beyond its capacity
to dispose of it, then we can restrict these ap-
peals furtherjiereafter, and then we shall have
the alternative before us of diminishing the
business by restricting the right of appeal, or
of releasing the judges of this court from the
duty of attending the court of appeals below.
1 am encouragcd to believe, by the remarks
thrown out by the Senator from Kentucky
some time ago, as well as by the remarks of
the Senator from New York and the Senator
from Massachusetts, that if we find we must
provide further relief to the justices of this
court, we shall by and by eome to the conclu-
sion that this is the true mode of doing it.
Now, I hope the Senate will assent to this
amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am as well satisfied that
the Supreme Court are unable now to dispose
of the business brought before them as any
member of the Senate can be ; but I think they
will be relieved very much, and perhaps suf-
ficiently relieved, by the bill which is upon your
table, if the right of appeal is given in all cases
where the amount in controversy is over $5,000.
The same section which contains the limit of
§10,000 also makes the decision of the court
below conclusive upon the facts. I think I am
safe in saying that at least one half the cases
in the Supreme Court are more or less trouble-
some because of their obligation to examine
into the facts. That is almost solely the case
in equity causes. The records are generally
very large, the testimony being generally very
voluminous, and as the court is obliged, as the
law now stands, to examine into the whole
record in order to pass judgment upon the facts
as well as the law, it takes up a great deal of
their time. The same remark is applicable to
eases in admiralty. During the war which has
just passed—and I believe all the prize causes
are now disposed of—the principal difficulty
the court had was, not in the law applicable to
cases of that description, but in the facts. What
was the character of the cargo, what was the
purpose of the voyage, whether it was intended
to run the blockade or not—all of those mat-
ters of course were matters in pais, and re-
quired the investigation which the court was
obliged to give them, and it took up a great
deal of their time.
This bill—and it is not proposed, as I under-
stand, to alter that feature of it—in the section
under consideration, makes the judgment of
the court of appeals conclusive of the facts;
and, as I understand it, it is conclusive not
only in cases of common law, but in cases of
admiralty and maritime jurisdiction, and cases
in equity. According to my impression, the
effect of that will be to relieve the Supreme
Court of at least one third of the labor to which
they are now subjected. If you retain that fea-
ture of the bill, and make the limit of $10,000
as the limit which is to give a right of appeal,
there will be hardly any business in the Su-
preme Court. In nearly all the eastern States,
except so far as the cities are concerned, and
in all the western States, except in cases where
there are disputes about large tracts of land,
the large majority of cases will be found to be
under $10,000. If you make $5,000 the limit,
you will get clear, as I think, of a majority of
the cases that are now brought to the Supreme
Court; and if you make the judgment of the
court below conclusive upon the facts, you rid
the Supreme Court of at least one half of the
labor to which it is now subjected; and as it is
very desirable, as I think, to give to the citizen
a right to come to the Supreme Court in all
cases where it can be done consistently with
the public good, I should prefer that the limita-
tion should be less than $10,000; if not $5,000,
$6,000, or $7,000.
There is another practical inconvenience
arising from this bill. I shall vote for it be-
cause it does relieve the Supreme Court to some
extent, and will, I think, be productive of pub-
lic good. It is all-important that the law of
the United States should be uniform in the
courts of the United States. To have one sys-
tem of laws in one circuit and another system
in another circuit is very much to be depre-
cated. The effect of authorizing an appeal to
the Supreme Court of the United States is to
produce that uniformity; and one of the prin-
cipal advantages of that tribunal has been not
only that it has settled the constitutional ques-
tions which from time to time have arisen, but
that it has settled the commercial law of the
country, and settled the common law of the
country as far as questions existing under the
common law have been brought to the Supreme
Court of the United States.
But now we are about to constitute ten sep-
arate courts of appeal, and they are to have
exclusive jurisdiction in all cases under $10,000.
I can readily see, such is the pride of opinion,
and such is onrfrailty, if frailty it may he called,
that there will'be found, in the course of time,
as many different systems in these several cir-
cuits as there are circuits; and the result will
be the same uncertainty, the same multiplica-
tion of systems that existed before the Con-
stitution of the United States was established
and courts were organized under that Consti-
tution.
The effect of an appeal to the Supreme Court
of the United States in commercial cases where
there is no authoritative efficacy in the decision
upon the courts of the States, has yet been a
very salutary one, because of the character of
the tribunal. I do not speak of the tribunal
as it exists with a view to disparage it, for cer-
tainly I have no such purpose, nor do I think
it could be properly disparaged ; but looking
to the tribunal as it has heretofore existed from
the beginning of the Government up to the
present time, there has been a general confi-
dence upon the part of the courts of the States
and upon the part of the professional men of
the several States in the judgments of that
tribunal, and the operation of that confidence
is that the State courts have conformed their
decisions in a great measure to the decisions
of the Supreme Court, especially upon all ques-
tions of commercial law ; and in a country like
the United_ States, every Senator will at once
see that it is exceedingly desirable that there
should be that uniformity.
Now, the confidence in the Supreme Court
under its present organization felt by the State
courts will not be had, we cannot expect it to
be entertained toward these circuit courts.
There is not a State court, I am sure, in the
United States that would not say, and perhaps
they would be justified in saying, " We are as
capable of judging upon all these questions as
the_ single judge of the circuit court of the
United States and his three or four district
judges." I do not know what is the case in
the other circuits, but speaking generally, with
the salaries that you now give your district
judges, although there are certainly some strik-
ing exceptions, it is impossible to get superior
men. But for the lionor of the station it would
