1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2679
served in the late war for the Union ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SCHENCK. I give notice that on some
early day; when members shall have had an
opportunity to examine the bill, I will ask that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union be discharged from the consideration
of the bill, and that it be put on its passage.
telegraph lines.
Mr. ALLEY, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, by unanimous con-
sent, reported back House bill No. 575, to aid
in the construction of telegraph lines, and to
secure to the Government the use of the same
for postal, military, and other purposes ; which
was read a second time, ordered to be printed,
and recommitted to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
PRIZE MONEY.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Treasury,
in reply to a resolution of the House of April
9, 1806, on the subject of prize money; which
was laid on the table and ordered to be printed.
contested election".
The SPEAKER laid before the House ad-
ditional testimony in the contested-election case
of KoontZ vs. CofFrotli; which was referred to
the Committee of Elections.
TAX BILL.
Mr. MORRILL moved that, the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve-itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended ; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Dawes in the chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of the special order, being a bill of the
House (No. 613) to amend an act entitled
"An act to provide internal revenue to sup-
port the Government, to pay interest on the
public debt, and for other purposes,1' approved
June 30, 1864, and acts amendatory thereof.
The pending question was on the amendment
offered by Mr. Stevens to add to the paragraph
in relation to cigar-makers the following :
, Provided, That journeymen cigar-makers and ap-
prentices who work for others shall not bo considered
as included within this proviso.
The question being put on the above amend-
ment, no quorum voted.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chairman
appointed Messrs. Asiiley, of Ohio, and
Jenckes.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 51, noes 43.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to strike out the
word''five," inline seventeen hundred and
ninety-seven, and to insert in lieu thereof "fif-
teen;" so that the clause shall read, "shall pay
the duties on such cigars within fifteen days
after purchasing them." Also, the same amend-
ment in line eighteen hundred and two, so that
the clause shall read, "and any such purchaser
who shall neglect for more than fifteen days to
pack and have such cigars duly inspected, and
pay the duties thereon.'' &c.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move the follow-
ing amendment:
That seetion ninety-three bo amended by striking
out all after the enacting clause, and inserting, in
lieu thereof, the following: that all goods wares,
and merchandise, or articles manufactui ed or made,
except refined petroleum, refined coal oil, gold and
silver, spirituous and malt liquors, manufactured
tobacco, snuff, and cigars, by any person or firm where
the product .sliall not exceed the rate of 81,000 per
annum, and shall be made or produced by the labor
of said person or firm, or by his or their family, shall
be, and are hereby, exempt from tax, Wlieie the
product shall exceed such rate, a,ml not exceed the
rate of $3,000, the tax shall be levied, assessed, and
collccted only upon the excess above the rate of $-1,000
per annum ; and in all other cases tho whole annual
product, including any business or transaction where
one party has been furnished with materials or any
part thereof, and employed by another party to man-
ufacture, make, or finish the goods, wares, and mer-
chandise, or articles paying or promising to pay there-
for, and to whom the same are returned when so made
and finished, shall be assessed, and the tax paid
thereon by the producer or manufacturer: Provided,
That whenever a producer or manufacturer shall use
or consume, or shall remove for consumption or use,
any articles, goods, wares, or merchandise which, if
removed for sale, would be liable to taxation, he shall
be assessed upon the salable value of the articles,
goods, wares, or merchandise so used or so removed
for consumption or use.
Mr. Chairman, I offer this amendment in the
interest of the small manufacturers and the me-
chanics of the country. 1 offer it as a protec-
tion to that class of labor which fights its own
battle with little aid from machinery. It affects
mainly the hand-workers of the nation who de-
pend more on their toil than they do upon capi-
tal for the profits which a year's business may
secure to them. Its effects will be exhausted
principally in shielding such as earn their bread
by the sweat of their brows from unnecessary
taxation; and this is the sole object of the
amendment.
The only change which this amendment makes
in tho present law is to exempt from the manu-
facturer's tax SI.000 worth of the products of
all manufacturers whose annual productions do
not cxceed 83,000 in value. So just a proposi-
tion as this ought not to require much discus-
sion to win for it the approval of every member
of the committee.
It will be remembered that the law defines a
manufacturer to be—
"Any person, firm, or corporation who shall man-
facture by hand or machinery any goods, ware13, or
merchandise, exceeding annually the sum of £1,000,
or shall be engaged in the manufacture oj prepara-
tion lor sale <>t any articles or compounds, or ^hall
put up for sale in packages with his own nsmc or
trade-mark thereon any articles or compound, shall
be regarded as a manufacturer.'"
This definition embraces almost every me-
chanic in the whole country, for there are very
few whose productions do not annually exceed
81,000 in value, when both labor and materials
are included in the computation. The profit
to the mechanic, including the value of his own
labor, often proves to be an insignificant part
of the S1,000 of aggregate valuation placed
upon his productions; and to him a tax of five
per cent, upon the total result is grievously
burdensome. All such taxation is opposed
by every consideration of sound public policy.
Productive industry should be fostered until it
becomes strong enough to stand alone. The
tax-gatherer should not be scut into the work-
shop until the workman has secured for him-
self and his family a reasonable support from
the toil of his hands.
It is hard for hand labor to compete with
machine labor, and to the former some advan-
tage should be given. Without this great es-
tablishments crush out and destroy the lesser
ones, as great fish are said to swallow up small
ones. A combination of capital and machinery,
if put on an equality in the tax laws with mus-
cle, soon wear it out and drive its owner from
the market. There is not a village in all the
laud whose mechanics do not feel how inexor-
ably true this rule is. The groat manufactories
in the Eastplay havoc with the mechanic shops
of the West. And when this is done our work-
men have not the advantage of resorting to the
great, workshops and manufactories for em-
ployment, as the mechanic of the East may.
Our western mechanics when crushed out by
the competition resulting from a combination
! of capital and machinery must change their
pursuits and seek in some field new to them a
support for themselves and their families.
We extend to the eastern manufacturer pro-
tection against the manufactures of the Old
World through our tariff laws. Of this I do
not complain: but at the same time. 1 must
insist that our internal revenue laws shall be
so framed as to protect, in some degree, the
mechanics and small manufacturers of this
eountrv against the encroachments of those
great establishments which have grown up
under ihe fostering care of our taiifl'laws. It
is true that the protection which the eastern
manulacturer enjoys under our tariff laws would
extend the same advantage to him in any other
part of the United States; but in the West our
manufacturing interests are in their infancy,
and therefore it is that I say the tariff laws
protect and foster eastern manufacturers. In
the course of time I hope the West, by the
development of manufacturing establishments,
will share equally with all other sections of the
country in the advantages springing from the
tariff laws of the Government; and as one means
looking to this end, I desire the adoption of
this amendment as a protection to those who
are to constitute our western manufacturers in
the future.
The West must resort to manufacturing.
Everything used and consumed in the West
ought to be there manufactured. While it is
the greatest food-producing region in the world,
it should be one of the greatest manufacturing
sections also. Cheap food and the compara-
tively low price of raw material are advantages
which will some day tell in favor of the West.
But to reach that day we must take present
care of our workmen and mechanics.
The amendment which I have offered does
not go as far and accomplish as much as I
should like, but it seems to be the best that
can be done at this time, and will afford come
measure of relief. When I cannot get all I
want it would not be wise to refuse a part.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope this amendment
will not be adopted. There were in 1S64 above
sixty-three thousand manufacturers in the coun-
try who were raxed for licenses. I suppose
that at least one half of that number manufac-
tured less than 83.000. Therefore, if the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman should be
carried, it would create a large deficiency in the
revenue. It is giving an absolute bonus of fifty
dollars to every manufacturer whose annual
products exceed 83.000. They all sell in the
same market, and if not subjected to the same
lax those who are excepted have the advantage
in the market. 1 might be very well content,
living in N ew England as I do. where of course
we shall receive the benefits of the amendment
proposed by Ihe gentleman from Iowa in a
much larger degree than those who reside in
his own region. But I think it is more than
we ought to concede at the present time. It
would be making too large a reduction of the
revenue. The law as it is. exempting 3600
from taxation, gives the small manufacturers
830 advantage. I do not see why we should
allow any more, for it is nothing less than pay-
ing them a bonus of twenty dollars out of the
Treasury. I therefore hope the amendment will
be rejected.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the amendment.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move to amend
the amendment bv striking out the last word.
The argument of the chairman of the commit-
tee, that this is going to greatly reduce the rev-
enue of the Government, is an entire fallacy.
If you allow the exemption of 81,000 to every
manufacturer in the United States it only-
amounts to about three million dollars. But
this proposition is to allow it only to manufac-
turers whose products do not exceed in value
the sum of S3.000 per annum. Therefore it
will not exceed 81,000,000. But that, the gen-
tleman says, is a bonus to the small manufac-
turers. Sir, that objection was not thought of
when the committee voted in favor of retaining
in the bill the section which allows a drawback
of five cents a pound on all exported cotton
goods, which is a bonus to the great manufac-
turers of the country, those who are receiving
protection under the tariff laws in audition to
that of the drawback of five cents a pound on
cotton goods exported, taking out of the Treas-
ury. as was shown at the time by my colleague.
[Mr. Allison.] who is a member ot the Com-
mittee of Wnvs and Means, more than three
times ihe amount of money which this amend-
ment would do in the way oi reducing^ the
aiu'r.'j.ue amount of tax to bo derived from
the bill as it-ported by the committee
Now. sir, fthink it L= time for us to establish
flic principle that our laboring men, our small
