1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1719
be. almost impossible to get superior men upon
the bench of the Supreme Court of the United
States. But there is an honor in that station
which, in the judgment of many, and some of
the best men that the profession has ever pro-
duced, causes them to forget for a time how
inadequately they are compensated, and they
leave a practice worth three or four times as
much as the salary that you give, and go upon
■the bench of the Supreme Court for the honor ;
and certainly no higher honor can be conferred
upon an American citizen. But th,at is not the
case with the district judges. They are, and
they must be as a general thing, in public opin-
ion not equal to the State judges; certainly
not equal to the judges of the State superior
courts; and where that is the ease there will
not be felt in their decisions the same confi-
dence that is felt in the decisions of the Su-
preme Court.
As I have said, I shall vote for this bill, but
with very great doubts whether it will operate
beneficially throughout the country. My opin-
ion coincides with that of the honorable Sena-
tor from Massachusetts, and others who concur
with him in thinking that the Supreme Court
of the United States should bo relieved alto-
gether from circuit court duty. I know that
there are objections to a measure of that kind.
Those objections were stated very forcibly upon
several occasions when the proposition was
made to relieve them from circuit court duty.
It was supposed to be very important that they
should go into the several circuits and see the
people. The reason was as much political as
anything else, but it was deemed to be politi-
cal in an exalted and statesmanlike sense. It
was supposed that the public would be better
satisfied with a court, the members of which
they were in the habit of seeing from time to
time, and that the judges of the court would
individually be better able, to decide the ques-
tions that come up from the circuits if they
were themselves participators in the judgments
in the courts below. The act of 1789 was pre-
pared, I think, by Mr. Ellsworth. The Senate
will see that in the recent writings that we
have published of Mr. Madison, he disclaimed
being, as was ascribed to him, the author of
the act of 1789, and he gave that credit very
freely to Mr. Ellsworth. It was deemed by
the wise men by whom that act was prepared,
so important that these judges should go
through the circuits in order that they might
themselves know what the local law was from
personal observation, and in a measure from
personal practice, that the judge whose judg-
ment was brought by a writ of error or appeal
to the Supieme Court of the United States,
"was directed to sit in judgment when the ease
was being heard. The principle, perhaps, as
a principle, in its general application was erro-
neous ; but the error of applying the principle
in that case was supposed to he outweighed by
the benefit of having the testimony of the judge
himself.
But now the country has grown to such di-
mensions, and is growing even with greater
rapidity than it has done in the past, that it
would seem to be clear that the Supreme Court
judges will be unable to perform their circuit
duties and at the same time perform the duties
which belong to them here. If that is the case,
if the value of the Supreme Court is to be totally
lost unless wc give up the benefit to bo derived
from the judges going on circuit, we must rid
them from the obligation to go the circuit and
confine them to appellatej urisdictionaltogether.
But I am very clear in the opinion—and with
that remark I shall close—that it would bo
very unjust to the suitor, and relieve the court
more than the necessities of the court demand,
if the amount which can ho brought up by ap-
peal or writ of error should be placed so high
as $10,000. I shall, therefore, vote for the
amendment proposed by the Senator from
YViscoiuln.
Mr. HARRIS. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, April 2,1866.
The House met at twelve o'clockm. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The .Journal of Thursday was read and
approved.
The SPEAKER stated as the first business
in order the call of the States and Territories
for bills and joint resolutions on leave for refer-
ence, not to be brought back into the House on
a motion to reconsider, commencing with the
State of Maine.
MEDICAL OFFICERS OF THE NAVY.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, introduced
a bill to provide for continuing in service the
acting medical officers of the Navy, and to sup-
ply vacancies in the regular list; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
CATHARINE QUIGLEY AND THOMAS ROGERS.
Mr. ALLISON introduced a bill for the relief
of Catharine Quigley and Thomas Rogers;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
PAPERS REQUIRING STAMPS.
Mr. KASSON introduced a joint resolution
allowing a limitation of the time for perfecting
papers requiring stamps to be affixed thereto;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
CIVIL RIGHTS.
Mr. SIIELLABARGER introduced a bill to
declare and protect all the privileges and im-
munities of citizens of the United States in the
several States ; which was rcadafirst and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
COURTS IS WASHINGTON TERRITORY.
Mr. "DENNY introduced a bill in relation to
the courts of "Washington Territory; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Commitiee on the Judiciary, and ordered to
be printed.
RAILROAD Ig WASHINGTON TERRITORY.
Mr. DENNY introduced a bill granting
lands to aid in the construction of a railroad
and telegraph lino from Pugct sound, on Admi-
ralty inlet, in Washington Territory, to the Co-
lumbia ri\ ei ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad, and ordered to bo printed.
ELEVENTH REGIMENT OHIO VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. HAYES introduced a bill to provide for
the payment to the eleventh Cincinnati regi-
ment of Ohio volunteer mjlitia during the time
they were in the service of the United States
in 18G2; which was road a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
TAND GRANTS IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. BID WELL introduced a bill to confirm
the selection and location of certain lands
granted to the State of California by the Uni-
ted States, and for other purposes; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to
be printed.
I'JIANKTNG PRIVILEGE.
Mr. NIBLACK introduced a bill conferring
the franking privilege on ex-Presidents of the
United States ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
TAXING UNITED STATES SECURITIES.
The call of the States for bills and joint res-
olutions having been completed, the Speaker
stated as the next business in order the call of
the States and Territories for resolutions, com-
mencing with New Jersey, the ponding ques-
tion being upon the resolutions offered by Mr.
Rogers, which were under consideration at the
close of the morning hour on Monday last.
Mr. PRICE. I move to refer the resolu-
tions to the Committee of "Ways and Means.
Mr. ROGERS. I ask to modify the last
resolution by adding these words:
And that all Government securities heretofore
issued should bear their fair share of Federal taxes.
The resolutions as modified are as follows:
Resolved, Th at, the F oderal Government has no con-
stitutional right to assume or pay the debt of the so-
called confederate government of the insurgent States,
or the rebel debt of any of said States, and that it
would he an outrage even to attempt to do so.
Resolved, That the honor of the Federal Govern-
ment and every principle of justice demand that the
Federal debtshould he paid to the utmost farthing;
that repudiation should be discountenanced, and the
plighted faith of the country sacredly preserved.
licsolved, That equal taxation is justand right, and
that every personin thiseountry should bear his equal
share of the federal and State taxes; thatthere should
be no privileged class; and that all Federal securities
heretofore issued should bear their fair share of Fed-
eral taxes.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolutions were referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. PRICE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolutions were referred; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EQUALIZATION OE BOUNTIES.
Mr. WARD submitted the following pream-
ble and resolution^ upon which he demanded
the previous question:
Whereas this House on a previous occasion in-
structed the Committee on Military Affairs to report
a bill equalizing the bounties of soldiers and sailors :
and whereas early action by Congress is demanded
by many of these soldiers and sailors, and by the
widows and orphans of those who have perished in
the field, in hospitals, and in rebel prison pens; and
whereas this session of Congress is far spent, and no
definite action has yet been had upon the subject:
Therefore,
Jlesolvcd, That the Committee on Military Affair3
be requested to report at an early day, by bill or oth-
erwise, upon tbe subject, and that they have liberty
to make such report at any time.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker-—
The SPEAKER. The resolution is not
debatable under the rules.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 merely wish to make a
statement to the House.
The SPEAKER. The last part of the reso-
lution requires unanimous consent.
Mr. WARD. Let me say a word.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is not
debatable.
Mr. WARD. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to make a single suggestion.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. 1 object.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. LE BLOND. I wish to suggest to the
gentleman from New York who introduces this
resolution, that he withdraw the latter part
of it.
Mr. SCHENCK. It will save all trouble if
the House will allow me to make a statement.
I ask unanimous consent to say a word.
No objection wa3 made.
Mr. CONKLING. I submit, then, that my
colleague [Mr. Ward] ought to be allowed to
say a word.. It would be invidious to allow the
gentleman from Ohio to be heard and not the
gentleman from New York.
Mr. SCHENCK. I make no objection to
anybody being heard.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Harding] objected to the gentleman
from New York being heard; does he with-
draw his objection?
Mr. HARDING,_ of Illinois. I decline^ to
withdraw my objection. I think the resolution
itself has a speech in it.
Mr. WARD. I only wanted to make a state-
ment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have simply to say that
there is probably not a single member in this
House who feels more anxiety to get forward
this subject and have it properly disposed of
than every member of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs. It is perhaps an easier matter
to consider it in all its lights to some gentle-
men outside of the committee than it is to the
committee themselves who have to take the
