1866.
APPENDIX TO 'THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,,
39th Cong. .. .1st Sess.
Reconstruction—Mr, Davis.
Senate.
be no changes or intermeddling with the Con-
stitution. if the States were all fully repre-
sented in Congress every sound head and heart
would shrink from the idea of attempting, at
this time, any alteration of the Constitution.
But for a less number than a majority of the
two Houses of Congress to decide to change
essentially the Constitution, and to prelude the
work by the unconstitutional exclusion of all
the Senators and Representatives from the
eleven States which are especially and so greatly
wronged by the proposed amendments, and all
of which would be defeated by the presence of
their representation, is scandalous and shock-
ing to the last degree. The condemnation of
this iniquitous work by the people ofthe United
States is certain, and will be speedy.
But the work has commenced, and in the
spirit and manner that might be expected. A
proposition to amend the Constitution must
be initiated in Congress and receive the vote
of two thirds of both Houses to authorize
Congress to submit it to the States; and "it
is with Congress to require the States to act
upon it either by their Legislatures or their
conventions chosen for that purpose; and it
must receive the vote of three fourths of the
States to become a part of the Constitution.
Such are the guards with which the Constitu-
tion is fortified against all hasty innovation,
and by such large majorities of the two Houses
of Congress and the States, it was intended to
secure also the sanction of a large majority of
the people.
What constitutes the two Houses of Con-
gress, the vote of two thirds of both of which
is required to pass a proposed amendment of
the Constitution?
"The Senate of the United States shall be composed
of two Senators from caeh State, chosen by the Legis-
latures thereof."
And each State is entitled to Representatives
upon an apportionment made among them,
upon the basis of their population, by act of
Congress. And,
"Each House shall be the judge of the elections,
returns, and qualifications of its own members, and
a majority of each House shall constitute a quorum
to do business: but a smaller number may adjourn
from day to day," &c.
The question arose soon after the adoption
of the Constitution, in each House, what num-
ber of its members were necessary to form a
quorum to do business; and it has been often and
uniformly decided by them that a majority of
the whole number of each, as organized by the
Constitution and law of Congress, and no less
number, formed a quorum to do business.
There being now thirty-six States, the Consti-
tution fixes the number of the present Senate
to be seventy-two; and a quorum to do busi-
ness is a majority, which cannot be less than
thirty-six, and it would take that number of
Senators even to consider a proposition to
amend the Constitution; but to pass it, the
Constitution requires not two thirds of a quo-
rum but two thirds of the Senate. Thirty-six
Senators being a quorum, the Constitution
never intended and does not authorize twenty-
five of its members either to pass a proposed
amendment or to overrule the President's veto
of an act of Congress; but requires a majority
of the Senate, thirty-six Senators, to do both
these grave and responsible acts.
The Senate in May, 18G4, long after the Sen-
ators from the eleven States had withdrawn,
under the great stress of the war, passed a
resolution in these words:
"Rewlved, That a quorum of the Senate consists
of a majority of the Senators duly chosen."
The vote on this resolution was—yeas 26,
nays 12. Two years before, a resolution of the
same purport was offered in the Senate, but it
was opposed with great ability by the late Sen-
ator Foot and Senator Foster, and the Senate
then manifested so decided an indisposition to
pags it that it was not pressed to a vote.
(Vhen the Legislature of any State of the
United States have elected a man to the Sen-
ate, he is "duly chosen;" and according to the
decision in the case of the two Senators from
West Virginia, Messrs. Willey and Carlile, if
a person present himself to the Senate with
his return of election in form, it is prima
facie evidence of his due election, and he is1
entitled to be admitted to his seat; and all
questions impugning his right to it, even the
fact of his having been duly chosen, can only
be inquired into by the Senate after his admis-
sion. As stated in the debate on that occasion,
tie unbroken practice has been in conformity
with that position ; and of many cases and pre-
cedents there is not one in conflict with it. So
that according to the provision of the Consti-
tution, the precedent set in the case of Messrs.
Willey and Carlile, and the resolution of 1864,
every man who has been elected a Senator
from a State lately in rebellion, by its Legis-
lature, and who has the return of his election
in due form, is entitled prima facie to mem-
bership, and should be permitted to be sworn
and to take his seat. All of the eleven rebel
States by their Legislatures have chosen two
Senators; but if they were admitted the radi-
cals, instead of having two thirds, would be in
a minority and could not pass one of their
unconstitutional acts, much less a proposition
to amend the Constitution. It therefore became
a necessity, a dire necessity with them, that they
should trample under foot the provisions and
principles of the Constitution, and of the laws
which they hadpassed, and their own precedents
and resolution; and that from radicalism they
should proceed to revolution.
Hence at the very beginning of the session
they organized their revolutionary tribunal, the
committee of fifteen. Then they take up the
extravagant position of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] and boldly assert
that the States lately in rebellion have ceased
each, to be one of the United States, and there-
fore have no right to send Senators and Rep-
resentatives to Congress. But whether their
dissolution as States took place when their
ordinances of secession were respectively made,
or when they appeared in insurrection against
the United States, or when their armies sur-
rendered to Grant and Sheridan, or when they
dissolved their confederate governments, and
submitted to all the terms and conditions im-
posed upon them, and acknowledged uncondi-
tional obedience to the Constitution and laws,
these revolutionists have not informed the
country. They do not refer to the Constitu-
tion to sustain this extravagant position, be-
cause there is no warrant for it there. They
claim for themselves, as the Congress, the re-
sults of the achievements of the armies of the
United States, operating legitimately under
the Constitution to suppress insurrection, as
inuring to them, the conquerors of the south-
ern States and people, under the laws of war.
The Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Howard, J
in the tone and manner of a conqueror, defi-
antly asserts this claim for Congress, and refers
the Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cow am]
to all the precedents in Grecian and Roman
history to support the claim.
In my opinion, it is one of the most fruitful
causes of the errors of our legislators that they
go outside of the pale of the Constitution into
other Governments to search up powers for
thatofthe United States. Ithasno powers but
what were conferred by the Constitution, and all
of them are either expressly enumerated or are
embodied in the clause that gives to Congress
the power to pass all laws which are necessary
and proper to carry into execution the powers
expressly given to it or some department or
officer of it. No power or principle of any
other Government is part of ours, unless it be
embodied or adopted by the language of the
Constitution; and no implication can establish
a power in the Government in hostility to or
inconsistent with any express provision of the
Constitution. As the principles of our religion
are to be learned from the Bible, so the powers
of our Government are to be known by recur-
rence to the Constitution. Whatever is uot
found in those sources is to be rejected a?
heretical.
With us domestic war is not for conquest but
suppression ; it is not for the subversion .of the
Constitution and laws of the rebels but their
maintenance, State as well as the Federal. It
is simply to preserve the Union, to vindicate
the authority of the United States, to save from
destruction our entire system of government,
Federal and State, to compel obedience, and
put things in the same order they were, that
the Constitution authorizes the interposition of
military power. That the suecess of this power
should break up the relations of "the rebel
States with the United States, and dissolve
their governments which it had prevented the
rebels from effecting, is a monstrous solecism.
The statesmen who formed the Constitution
founded it upon the States, and one of their
cardinal objects was to preserve them. They
were guilty of no such folly as providing for
their dissolution or the forfeiture of any of-
their rights or powers, or punitive consequences
to them in any form or for any cause. All the
punishment which it authorizes is to be visited
upon persons, individuals ; and they who "levy
war against the United States, or adhere to
their enemies, giving them aid and comfort,"
commit treason and are subject to be punished
as traitors, whether they act under the author-
ity of the State governments or irrespective of
them. The Constitution makes no classes or
discriminations among those who thus make
war against the United States. The highest and
only allegiance of every citizen is due to the
United States as to all matters intrusted by
the Constitution to the General Government;
as to all- reserved to the. States, his highest
and only allegiance is due to his State. All
allegiance is divided between the General and
State Governments, and either has no rightful
claim to a particle of what belongs to the other
from any citizen.  
All men in arms again&t the-United States
may be met and opposed by its armies, and in
the conflict may be rightfully shot down. This
is not war in the sense in which this term is
used in the Constitution. But in every contest
of arms, in every operation of the armies, both
sides are bound to the strictest observance of
all the humane laws and usages adopted by
Christian nations to mitigate the horrors of
war. Until the revolution be consummated by
success neither party has any belligerent rights.
There is no sovereignty lost, there are no gov-
ernments dissolved or forfeited, or laws, abro-
gated; there is no territory acquired by eon-
quest ; there are no titles or rights to property
destroyed or permanently changed. As armies
move from places their power and military
rights go with them, and civil law and the
state of things ante occupatione mililare are
reproduced spontaneously. All captives and
other persons who have committed treason are
subject to trial and punishment, but by the
civil courts, and with all the rights and in the
mode prescribed by the Constitution, and liable
to no other pains, penalties, or puuishment than
have been previously declared by law. This is
American liberty, and when the question comes
to me, which will you take, the Union of the
States without the liberty, or the liberty with-
out the Union, and I must accept the one or
the other, I answer, give me the liberty and
let the Union perish! But I have a hope that
both may yet be saved.
Mr. President, it seems plain to my mind
that the majority have become utterly regard'
less of the good, present and future, of the
country, and have determined to sacrifice its
institutions and liberties in their desperate
struggle to continue themselves in power. I
will not estimate the large amount ot both
which they trampled down in the hreedmen^s
Bureau and civil rights bill, and other meas-
ures of legislation. I will not stop to consider
