THE' OGJSfGRESSIOifAL GLOBE.
February 5,
vote in the moriiing. , I ask the gentleman to
let me offec a resolution for that purpose.
Mr. ELIOT. I want to take the vote now.
..Mjr, STEVENS. That is intended to keep
(Jebate up if the previous question is not called
to-day. This evening let it be understood that
the discussion be on this bill; after that on the
President's message,
Mr. ELIOT. It seems to me we liad better
f5iiish this bill and take a vote on it now.
The SPEAKER. The proposition of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania requires.runani-
mous consent.
• Mr. ELIOT. I object to it. Mr. Speaker,
"how much tixne.have I?
The SP.EAKER. - About twenty-eight min-
utes.
Mr. ELIOT. I do not propose to occupy
the time of this House in protracted discussion
of the provisions of this bill.
Mr. LE BLOND". I will inquire of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts if the amendment
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania has been
accepted by him or is in any shape pending
before the House.
Mr. ELIOT. No, sir, it has not been and
could not be.
The SPEAKER. It is pending as amend-
ment to the substitute offered by the com-
mittee, and the first question will be on the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Stevens.]
Mr. LE BLOND. Will it be in a position to
be voted for?
The SPEAKER. Yes, sir.
Mr. LE BLOND. Then I would like to have
it read.
The SPEAKER. It will be reported before
it is voted upon.
Mr. ELIOT. Mr. Speaker, I shall occupy
the attention of the House very briefly in closing
the debate upon this bill, and possibly might
refrain from speaking but that I wish to bring
to the notice of the House a few facts from
official sources concerning the operation and
the value of the Freedmen's Bureau.
Three objections have been urged against this
bill. Two gentlemen, my colleague on the com-
mittee, [Mr. Taylor,] of New York, and the
gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Phui.vs,] very
frankly admit that we are called on for some
legislation to protect the frcedmen who have
been, by military emancipation and by constitu
tional amendment, brought under the guardian
care of the Government, but they contend that
the provisions of this bill are not such as com-
mend themselves to their judgment. All the
other gentlemen who have spoken on the other
side of the House deprecate all legislation and
deny that any bill, however drawn, having the
objects in view sought to be effected can prop-
erly receive support.. We see those millions of
men overwhelmed in the lough seas, but Ave
must not stretch forth the wand of the law to
part the waters for their salvation.
Mr. PHELPS. As thegenlleman has alluded
to me, 1 would like to slate just here, (hat in
view of the amendment suggested by the gen-
tleman from Ohio. [Mr. SheLlabauceii,] which
has been accepted, as 1 understand it, I with-
draw my objection to the bill, the principle of
which, as 1 said before, I indorse, only object-
ing to matters of detail. I shall therefore'vote
for the bill.
Mr. ELJOT. i understand the gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. Piikli's] to withdraw his
objection to the bill, and shall certainly be glad
to have his vote given in its behalf.
The first objection made to this legislation is
that this vhole bill, in its object, scope, pur-
poses, and provisions, is in contravention of
the Constitution. This would be a marvelous
misfortune, if true, and would prove that our
Constitution, ordained to promote die general
welfare and to secure the blessings of liberty, :
had not within itself the power to do its work. !
It has not hitherto performed its full work, we j
know. hen slavery lived, and within nearly j
one half of our Republic laws were in force !
which permitted and encouraged human bond- I
age, the people could not be secured in the en- I
joymentof these blessings. There is not, how-
ever, any provision in the Constitution which
in specific words empowers us to pass this law,
and. there are some gentlemen who seem to
require such specific grant ol*power before they
can consent to act in this direction. But to
those not unwilling to discern it the power to
act is obvious enough.
No one will deny, at this time, the military
power of the Commander-in-Chief to declare
freedom when Mr. Lincoln acted. But no ex-
press grant of power to that effect can be found
in the Constitution. Wewcreinwar. Theinstitu-
tion of slavery was used as an instrumentality of
war, powerful, effective, and controlling. With-
out it the rebel States would not have gone to
war, and could not have conducted it. It was the
back-ground of their strength. It supplied them
with food and dug them intrenchments and
supported them at home and in the field. It
would have been madness in us and great folly
not to have taken from them this strength. But
more than that. The men who were made to
work against us were our friends—the only
friends we had in all the rebel States—ignorant
it may be, degraded by slavery, but still our
friends.
The President then, Mr. Speaker, had as
Commander-in-Chief the power—no matter now
about the right, the justice, as Mr. Lincoln said,
but the power—to liberate the slave. By all
the laws of war, since war was first waged, where
slaves were held by either contending party, be
had.tlie power. Undertho Constitution Congress
had used its powers to raise and support armies,
to make rules foi the government of our forces,
to provide for the suppression of the insurrec-
tion. All the war powers in the President wore
in force, and that was one of them. The frced-
men were cast by that act upon our G overnment
in a time of war. But the power to free them
involved the duty to protect them, and for that
protection Congress must provide, and every
provision in this bill if fairly called for in order
to protect them is thus justified. I read that
Constitution with other eyes than those which
look at it from the stand-point of the master.
By that military emancipation they were made
free ; but in Kentucky, Delaware, Missouri, and
Maryland, the Commander-in-Chief'did not free
tliem, nor in all of Louisiana or in Tennessee.
Missouri and Maryland acted themselves. But
m Kentucky and Delaware the chains were
shackled fast until the amendment of our Con-
stitution declaring all men free was ratified.
And the second scction of that amendment con-
fers the power and so creates the duty for just
such legislation as this bill contains, to give them
shelter, and food, to lift them from slavery into
"the manhood of freedom, to clothe the naked-
ness of the slave, and to educate him into that
manhood that shall be of value to the State.
The objection to this bill because of the fact
that it left the whole country to be districted
has been removed by the amendment which the
committee have authorized me to report.
The objection which was urged last night,
because of the expense which this bureau would
create, is removed materially by the amount
which the committee, on the part of the House,
in the first and also in the present substitute
have reported.
The argument on this point which was made
by the gentleman from Kentucky was upon the
bill as it came from the Senate; it was not upon
the substitute which had been offered to the
House by this committee.
The salaries which were discussed were those
named in that bill and not in this.
The number of clerks objecred to was the
number provided for in the Senate bill and
not in this.
By the terms of this bill gentlemen all under-
stand that officers of the Army, or enlisted men,
so far as their sen ices can be procured, will be
detailed for service hero.
The expense as I believe, and as the friends
of this measure who have examined this subject
most carefully believe, will be fully borne, fully
met, if only the bureau can have a fair chance,
and the freedmen who are eared for by it can
have an opportunity to make their labor re-
munerative.
But the gentlemen from Kentucky have said
that this bureau is not wanted anywhere, espe-
cially is not wanted there. And my purpose
as much as anything else in asking the attention
of the House now, was to lay before it the offi-
cial evidence that I hav e here upon thaL subject.
First, I will read an extract from a report of
General Howard, the brother of the Commis-
sioner, concerningthe white refugees. He says:
" At Atlanta, there was more of an accumulation of
destitute freed people than I had seen el sewliere. The
armies had more completely devastated all the coun-
try around. Many whites, at loo-st three hundred
families, as estimated by the sub-assistant commis-
sioner, will suffer greatly this winter unless relieved
by Government agency. The bureau officer had as-
sisted some of these destitute refugees by transporta-
tion and rations. He was endeavoring to find places
for al 1 the able-bodied colored people, and h ad already-
considerably diminished the numbers. By the help
of the assistant commissioner of the State, he will be
able to apprentice most of the homeless children.
Many oases of violence to negroes in that section are
reported to him, but his district is so largo that ho
cannot, ho says, rectify these evils except in compara-
tively few cases. Several good schools and a hospital
are in successful operation at Atlanta; the former,as
at Macon, being chiefly sustained by the benevolent
associations of the North."
Concerning Florida, General Howard says:
" Prom conversation with Lieutenant Colonel Ap-
thorpe, one of Colonel Osborn's inspectors, as well as
from the other sources of information mentioned,
[conversations with citizens of Tallahassee and vi-
cinity and with Generals Foster and Newton,] X
became convinced that there were rather more ex-
ceptions in Florida to the general rule, prevalent m
southern Georgia, of prejudice and unjust dealing
a?ainst the freedmen, but that still with the majority
of the people thero was the same unwillingness or
moral incapacity to treat them with iairness and as
fieemen.
" I was informed by a high military official that since
the hanging of a citizen for murder at Tallahassee,
convicted by a mihtaiy court, and the pending trial
of another tor shooting a negro, he had received let-
ters from parties declaring tlicy would not live in a
country where a man must be hung for resenting an
insult with arms, and where a man must bo tried for
his life for shooting a 'nigger/ if e informed me also
that certain of these parties had earned out their
threat of leaving the State, and had gone to Texas to
reside.
" From the same official I was gratified to learn as a
testimonial to the good discipline of some of the col-
ored troops and as an offset to the complaints against
them in southern Georgia, that all the principal citi-
zens of Jasper, .Florida, petitioned ior the return of
a company of colored troops which had been ordered
away from there. The constant quarreling between
discharged Union and rebel soldiers resident there
rendered the presence of troops liccessary. Tho col-
ored troops were put back to continue garrisoning
the place.
"There is the same disposition to dcpreciatewages
in Florida as in Georgia."
Concerning the necessity laid upon this bu-
reau to provide for medical treatment of freed-
men, I would state that from reports made to
Surgeon Horner, medical chief of the bureau,
it appears that—
" A majority of the physicians of the district (Vir-
ginia) refuse to render any services to these people
unless compensated in advance." '' * :i-
" Amuohlargcrnumberot ireedmen would be able,
even in their present condition, to provide for their
own medical carc were itnotfor the system of charges
for medical services and medicines through the State
(Virginia) is at such a high rate. Few physicians,
comparatively, as yet, make the proper distinctions in
favor of this class of persons, and still continue to
demand payment in advance for all services ren-
dei ed them. Five dollars a visit, even for shoi t dis-
tances, is no unusual charge, and an eciually high rate
for medicines.
" It is apparent that very few of the large number
of freedmen find it possible in their present transition
state to pay these rates, although ill the larger places
some have succeeded in so doing, and tho number is
increasing."
From North Carolina:
"A colored clergyman of Raleigh reports to Colo-
nel E. Whittlesey, torty-sixth United States colored
troops, that he was unable to obtain a physician to
attend his sick family, and that a combination exists
among ttie local physicians not to givo medical at-
tendance to colored people."
From Georgia Surgeon Lawton writes:
"I was there (at Macon) last week; saw tho mayor
and told him tho Government did not intend to relieve
locaKeivil) authorities of tho care of the sick and in-
firm in the city. He said that the negro population
'■va estimated at from eight to ton thousand m and
around the city, gathered from all tho neighboring
counties, and the city was poor; could not, would not
take care of them. Underneath tho professed loyalty
and Union sentiment of this State (Georgia) lies adcep,
bitter feeling of hatred and animosity: years may
soften it, but for the present all this feeling will crop
out, as it does constantly, in acts of cruelty toward the
