2680
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
manufacturers, shall be relieved from this un-
necessary taxation until they reach a point
beyond that which is requiredfor the support
of themselves and their families. After you
have passed the limit of $3,000 provided for by
my amendment, then let your manufacturers be
called upon. But send not the tax-gatherer
into all your workshops where no machines are
found, where only hand labor is performed.
Let them have this protection. It is nothing
but equal, fair, and just, and I hope the com-
mittee will indorse it.
I withdraw the amendment to the amend-
ment.
Mr. SLOAN. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out "$3,000" and inserting
"§4,000," and I hope the amendment which I
have proposed will prevail. There is no doubt
in my mind that the system of taxation inau-
gurated in this country has borne more heavily
upon the small manufacturers than upon any
other class; and all will agree that they are
among the most deserving of all classes in our
community. While the manufacturing men
with large capital have been fostered and have
been growing richer, the business of the small
manufacturers in every branch has been de-
pressed throughout the country.
Now, in regard to licenses, the man who man-
ufactures but one or two thousand dollars a
year pays the same license as he who manufac-
tures half a million or a million dollars, and
it is of vital importance in the newer States,
where we have none of these very large man-
ufacturing establishments wielding a capital of
millions of dollars, that we should foster the
interest of the smaller manufacturers. They
are the germ from which, if properly fostered,
will grow up these large establishments which
will in time pervade the West. It is, in my
judgment, one of the most meritorious prop-
ositions that can be addressed to the commit-
tee. These small manufacturers have been
oppressed by being required to pay double and
triple taxes on articles which they were com-
pelled to purchase from the lafger manufac-
turers ; and it is a step in the right direction to
relieve from these accumulated taxes those who
manufacture a less amount than $4,000 mainly
with their own hands.
I regret exceedingly that the chairman of the
committee has felt called upon to oppose the
proposition which the gentleman from Iowa
has made, calculated, as it is, to foster and
build up our home industry. Three or four
thousand dollars is a small sum in itself, and
I think that in manufactories "where but that
sum is produced, at least the amount of $1,000
ought to be exempted entirely from taxation.
I trust that upon reflection the able chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means will con-
sent to this proposition. If he desires to make
this revenue system, burdensome and oppress-
ive as it is, popular with the people, here is
an opportunity lor him to do it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, I have
sometimes indulged a hope that in the course
of ayear or two we might be able to dispense with
that taxation which nowpresses so heavily upon
our home manufactures. But. sir, observing
the tendency of the action of this committee, I
am almost discouraged, and fear that we inay
not reach that happy time for some considerable
period longer. I perceive that the tendency
all over the House is to take such action for
the benefit of individual interests as largely
to reduce the amount of revenue to be derived
under this bill.
I think the proposition of the gentleman
from Iowa will not hold when he comes to con-
trast^ it with the action of this committee in
relation to exported manufactures of cotton.
If anything is a fallacy, it seems to me that that
portion of the gentleman's argument might
justly be so called. It has no sort of relation
to a measuro of this kind. That was merely a
question whether our manufacturers should work
or should not wuik, whethersuch articles should
be made here or in Great Britain. It was simply
a question whether we should give our own peo-
ple employment or not. This is a question of
how much we shall give to this smaller class
of workmen. 1 am as sensible to their wants
and requirements as any man can be. My
people would receive as much benefit from
this as any other. But I do think that when
we. have gone as far as the existing law goes,
we have gone, perhaps, as far as wo can well
do in strict justice to all parties.^ If the gen-
tleman will consent to modify his amendment
so as to exempt only $1,000, and strike out the
remaining portion of it, I will not object to it.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Does the gentle-
matunean by that remark that he desires $1,000
to be exempted to all the manufacturers of the
country?
Mr. 'MORRILL. To all manufacturers who
do not manufacture over the amount of §1,000
a year.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. That is the present
law, and such an amendment would make no
change in the law.
Mr. MORRILL. Well, I move to strike out
that portion of the gentleman's amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. There is an amendment
to the amendment already pending.
Mr. SLOxiN. I withdraw my amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. ALLISON. I renew it for the purpose
of saying a word or two. The proposition in
the ninety-third section of the existing law only
applies to that class of manufacturers who,
themselves or by their families, produce to the
amount of 51,000 by the existing law, or to
the am ount of §3,000 as provided in the amend-
ment of my colleague, [Mr. Wilson.] There-
fore, this applies only to that class of persons
who are engaged themselves in the various
classes of manufactures. It does not apply to
the men who employ hands, or a large amount
of machinery. 1 think that it is a just amend-
ment, and that the Committee of Ways and
Means ought to consent to it as proposed by
my colleague.
We all know that the manufacturers all over
the country are protesting against this tax upon
the industry of the country. I doubt not that
it is the most obnoxious and burdensome tax
we impose upon people; and I think we should
relieve them of it as rapidly as we can. This
is a step in the right direction; by first attempt-
ing to relieve the small manufacturers who are
struggling to build up a business in the \V est
as well as in the East. I hope next year we
shall be able to reach a larger class, and relieve
them, and levy the taxes on the luxuries of the
country, upon which I believe we can raise a
sufficient revenue. I trust, therefore, that the
amendment of my colleague will prevail, and
I withdraw my amendment to it.
The question recurred on the amendment
offered by Mr. Wilson, of Iowa.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out from
the amendment the words "whose product
shall exceed such rate, and not exceed the rate
of $3,000, the tax shall be levied, assessed, and
collected only above the rate of §1,000 per
annum."
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I am opposed
to striking out the second clause of the pro-
posed amendment of the gentleman from Iowa.
I desire simply to say, without detaining the
House, that I am in favor of his amendments.
1 hold, Mr. Chairman, that it is only legiti-
mate to tax the wealth and luxury of the coun-
try. I hold it to be utterly opposed to correct
principle to tax the means by which incomes
are produced and also to tax the incomes. I
hold such a system to be unequal in its effects.
You tax a small manufacturing establishment
which produces only $3,000 a year, and you
also tax its income. What wiil you do with
the gentleman who sits in his office and by
skill and ingenuity produces an income of
$8,000 a year? What does he pay under the
income tax ? It is the production of his wealth.
Wealth is able to pay taxes; poverty is not.
Now, the man who produces his income from
his farm or from his factory should be taxed
in the same way, on the product which h« re-
turns as income, and he should not be taxed
in addition on the ax, the hoe, the shovel, or
the machine by which he works and delves to
get that income. It is an inequality which is
wrong. It is a tax upon the means by which
wealth is produced.
Now, there are exceptions to this rule. We
should tax the improvident investments of
men and articles of luxury and extravagance.
Put your tax upon such things, but by no
means put it on the means by which incomes
are produced. I am in favor of exempting
all plows, threshing-machines, and those other
machines which help to augment the resources
of the country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was taken on Mr. Morrill's
amendment to the amendment, and it was dis-
agreed to.
The question was taken on the amendment
offered by Mr. Wilsox, of Iowa, and it was
agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
That section ninety-four be amended by striking
out all after the enacting clause and inserting in lieu
thereof the following: that upon the articles, goods,
wares, and merchandise hereinafter mentioned, ex-
cept whore otherwise provided, which shall be pro-
duced and sold, or be manufactured or made and sold,
or be consumed or used by the manufacturer or pro-
ducer thereof, or removed for consumption, or tor
delivery to others than agents of the manufacturer or
producer within the United States or Territories
thereof, there shall be assessed, collected, and paid
the following taxes, to be paid by the producer or
manufacturer thereof, that is to say:
On candles, of whatever material made, a tax ol five
per cent, ad valorem.
On gas, illuminating, made of coal wholly or in
part, or any other material, when the product shall
notbe above two hundred thousand cubic feet per
month, a tax of ten cents per one thousand cubic
feet; when the product shall be above t.wo and not
exceeding five hundred thousand cubic feet per
month, a'tax of fifteen cents per one thousand cubic
feet; when the product shall be above five hun-
dred thousand and not exceeding five million cubic
feet per month, a tax of twenty cents per one thou-
sand cubic feet; when the product shall be above
five millions, a tax of twenty-five cents per one thou-
sand cubic feet. And the general average ol the
monthly product for the year preceding the return
required by this act shall regulate the rate ol tax
herein imposed. And where any gas-works havo
not been in operation for the next year preceding
the return as aforesaid, then the rate shall be regu-
lated upon the estimated average of the monthly
product; Provided, That the product required to bo
returned by law bv any gas company shall be under-
stood to be, in addition to the gas consumed by said
company or other party, the product charged in the
bills actually rendered by the gas company during
the month preceding the return; and alt gas com-
panies are hereby authorized to add the tax imposed
by law to the price per thousand cubic feet on gas
sold: Provided further. That all gas furnished for
lighting street lamps or for other purposes, and not
measured, and all gas made for and used by any
hotel, an, tavern, and psivate dwelling-house, shall
bo subject to tax whatever th_e_amount of product,
and may be estimated; and it the returns m any
case shall be understated or underestimated, it shall
be the duty of the assistant assessor of the district to
increase the same as he shall deem just and proper:
And provided further, That gas companies located
within the corporate limits of any city or town,
whether in the district or otherwise, or so located as
to compete with each other, shall pay the rate of tax
imposed by law upon thecompany havingthclargest
production.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I move to strike out in
line eighteen hundred and forty-four, all after
the words "cubic feet" down to and including
the words "cubic feet" in line eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-one. I hopethe chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means will agree to
that.
Mr. MORRILL. I cannot agree to it.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. Then I desire to call
the attention of the committee to the pecu-
liarity of this provision in the law. Ostensibly
it seems to be a tax upon gas companies, and
a tax upon them in proportion to the amount
they manufacture; but when yon come to read
the section through, you find that it is a tax
upon the consumer, and the consumer is not
taxed in proportion to the amount of the article
that he consumes, but in proportion to the
amount produced by the company ; that is to
say, if you consume gas that is produced by a
small company, you pay ten cents per thou-
sand cubic feet; but, if the company that sup-
plies you is a large company, that manufactures
upward of two hundred thousand cubic feet,
then you must pay fifteen cents per thousand
cubic feet for alt the gas you consume.
