1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2681
It is a very singular provision of law, and I
do not know upon what principle it is based. It
is for this reason that I asked the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means [Mr. Mor-
rill] to accept the amendment I have offered.
I asked him to accept it because I did not wish
to expose to this committee the absurdity of
this provision.
It is no answer to my objection to say that a
large company can produce gas cheaper than a
small company can produce it. That is not so,
and they charge the same prices that the small
companies do ; and any increase of expense
or price is visited upon the consumer. I think
that under any circumstances a tax of ten cents
per thousand cubic feet is large enough.
The large companies are located in the large
towns where labor costs more and materials are
more expensive ; and you are breaking down
these gas companies, while you are relieving
every other light from taxation. You take off
the tax from petroleum and coal oil, and all we
now ask is thatyou shall not make the tax upon
gas so burdensome upon consumers that they
cannot use it at all.
Mr. MORRILL. I am extremely obliged to
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Hotch-
kiss] for his exceeding great reluctance to
expose the absurdity of the existing law, and
therefore the absurdity of this bill. And I am
as reluctant as he can be to do anything of the
kind, to expose the absurdity of his argument.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. That is all fair.
Mr. MORRILL. If the gentleman had
studied the subject so as to understand it, he
probably would not have made this motion.
This subject underwent a thorough examina-
tion two years ago by the Committee of Ways
and Means. We had before us the representa-
tives of gas companies from all parts of the
country, from Cincinnati, Chicago, Philadel-
phia, New York, and from many other towns
and cities. The bill prepared at that time was
based upon the information we derived from
those men who knew something about the
manufacture of gas. We ascertained then that
the smaller companies could not manufacture
gas so cheaply as the larger ones in any of
those places, and that there must be a differ-
ence in the amount of taxation we imposed
upon them, or it would not bear equally upon
the different companies. And not only all the
smaller companies but the larger companies
agreed that the different rates proposed by the
existing law were correct and proper in them-
selves. I trust, therefore, that the amendment
of the gentleman from New York [Mr. Hotch-
kiss] will not prevail.
The amendment of Mr. Hotchkiss was not
agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not know as I fully
understand this paragraph ; at all events I will
move to amend it by striking out the following:
And all gas companies are hereby authorized to
add the tax imposed by law to the price per thousand
cubit feet on gas Bold.
I was a member of the Committee of Ways
and Means when the bill now a law was under
consideration. I supposed then, as I presume
we all did, that we were taxing gas companies
to some extent. And we proposed a tax higher
in proportion to the number of cubic feet they
made upon the ground that the small compa-
nies found it cost more in proportion to pro-
duce a few thousand cubic feet than it did the
large companies to produce hundreds of thou-
sands of cubic feet. After the production lias
reached a certain amount all the increased cost
is for material, the cost for labor being the
same. We therefore proposed to tax the larger
companies a higher rate, because we supposed
they could better afford to pay it than the
smaller companies.
But how has it resulted practically? Just in
proportion as the companies could make the
gas more cheaply, just in that proportion has the
consumer been taxed. If the companies made
their large quantities of gas so cheaply that
they could afford to pay the higher tax, that
tax has been charged upon the consumer and
the companies have paid no tax. Now, unless
you will adopt the amendment I have proposed,
instead of-taxing the companies in proportion
to the facilities with which they make their
gas, and the profits they derive from its manu-
facture, we will be taxing the consumer in pro-
portion to the facilities with which the compa-
nies make the gas. Now, I cannot understand
why we should do that.
Now, I take some humiliation to myself for
having agreed to this when this subject was
before the Committee of Ways and Means two
years ago. I confess that I then fell into the
absurdity that my friend from New York [Jlr.
Hotchkiss] did not want to expose here. And
now I suppose I have fallen into the other
absurdity that my friend from Vermont [Mr.
Morrill] referred to a few moments ago. But
upon looking over this paragraph I cannot see
how it is that we charge these companies one
cent.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Cannot the companies
which produce gas in large quantities produce
it so much cheaper than the small companies
that the consumer can afford to pay the addi-
tional tax?
Mr. STEVENS. The consumer pays all
the tax.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Hegetshisgas cheaper.
Mr. STEVENS. He does not get it any
cheaper in the end, if you add a tax to it, be-
cause it can be made more cheaply.
Mr. MORRILL. I shall be compelled to
refresh the memory of my friend from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Steven's,] who has been so busy
upon the Committee on Appropriations that he
hardly recollects the reasons for this provision.
Of course it will be seen at once that it is not
necessary to put this provision in the law in
regard to any manufacturer that is not in some
way limited by local law as to price. Of course
the manufacturer of any article, whether it be
gas or anything else, can charge the private
citizen whatever he pleases.
Mr. STEVENS. Then why not strike this
out?
Mr. MORRILL. I know many gas.com-
panies that have not raised their price at all
since this tax was imposed, but they have paid
the tax notwithstanding the increased price of
coal.
But this provision meets only such cases as
these: many cities and villages have chartered
companies with the express limitation that they
shall furnish the gas for street lamps at a rate
named in the charter, and the price of coal
having more than doubled within the last three
or four years they have been compelled to
manufacture gas not only at a loss but to pay
the tax upon the amount consumed for muni-
cipal purposes, and this provision is intended
only to remove the difficulty these companies
will labor under if this provision is not inserted
in the law. It is a proper and necessary pro-
vision, and should not be stricken out.
Mr. LIO BLOND. I move, pro forma, to
amend the amendment by striking out the last
word.
I trust that the motion to strike out this
clause will prevail, for two reasons. First, I
think it is of but little consequence whether
this provision is retained or stricken out, so
far as the action of these companies is con-
cerned, for it is very apparent that the com-
panies will charge the tax upon the consumer
in the end. The consumer will have#to pay
it. It will not come out of the company.
Another reason why this clause should be
stricken out is, that I do not conceive this Con-
gress has authority to say to these companies
in the respective States, ''You may charge this
tax upon the consumers.'' This is a matter
that should be left to the States alone. All
that this Congress can ask is, that the States
pay the amount with which they are assessed
in "this particular, leaving the States to regulate
the rest.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I agree fully with my
colleague in his remarks in reference to the
propriety of striking out the clause which has
been referred to; and I also eoneur in the
remarks of my distinguished friend from Penn-
sylvania. I think that the Committee of Ways
and Means have certainly been in error in
reporting this bill in this shape. I think that
the gas companies in all the cities of the Uni-
ted States have been making money enough to
enable them to pay this tax themselves. I will
say to the chairman of the committee, that so
far as the cities of the West are concerned, in
almost all cases, so far as my knowledge
extends, the payment of this tax is imposed
by the companies upon the consumers, private
and public. In many cities the gas companies
have contracts for ten, fifteen, or twenty years,
and their stock is selling at two or three hun-
dred per cent, above par; yet they collect this
lax from the consumers, whether individuals
or municipal corporations. This is certainly
wrong.
Let me put a case. Suppose that a gas com-
pany makes a contract with the city of Cleve-
land to furnish gas to that city for fifteen years
at a certain price. Under the provision of this
bill the company will add the tax to the price
of the gas, and they will collect it bylaw. This
is decidedly wrong. We make no such pro-
vision in reference to other taxation. Other
manufacturers are not thus provided for. We
must remember that gas companies are mo-
nopolies. When they get a contract to light a
city they get an exclusive contract. They will
not take a contract unless they get it for the
entire city. I believe that these companies
should have no greater privileges than individ-
uals engaged in any branch of manufacturing.
Mr. LB BLOND. I withdraw the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I renew it. I desire,
Mr. Chairman, to correct a statement made by
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Egglestox,]
who has just taken his seat. I cannot say
what may be the financial condition of gas
companies in the State which he so well repre-
sents here, but so far as regards those in my
own State I venture the assertion that, instead of
being highly remunerative to the stockholders,
five out of six of those companies, during the
last five years, have not made dividends equal
to the legal interest on the capital invested.
Let me suggest, also, to my venerable friend
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.] that the
price of the gas made by these different com-
panies is in proportion to the amount of gas
they make and the cost of manufacture, just as
much as in regard to any other article of man-
ufacture. I desire to say to him. further, that
in most cases the gas companies in the State
of New York are restricted as to price by their
charters : and I know of my own knowledge
that within the last five years not only have
those companies been unable to declare div-
idends. but if they had not had the option of
adding this tax to the price charged for gas
they would have been obliged to discontinue
business. It is literally true that gas com-
panies, instead of being highly remunerative
associations, have, within the last five_ or six
years, been among the least remunerative cor-
porations in the country. I withdraw the
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. DODGE. I move to amend by insert-
ing after the word '• companies'' in line eight-
een hundred and sixty-three the words " who^e
rate of charge is restricted by charter:" so
that the clause will read:
And all gas companies whose rate of charge re-
stricted by charter are hereby authorized to add the
tax imposed by law to the price per thousand cubic
feet on gas sold.
Mr. GRISWOLD. The amendment of my
colleague may be very well, so far as it goes;
but most of the companies in the State of New
York are to a certain extent, if not entirely,
restrained by their charters in reference to the
price thev mav charge for gas. In many eases,
for instance, where a charter is granted by a
city, the company is bound during the contin-
uance of the charter to furnish the city with
gas at a stipulated price, that price m mo^t
