1866.]
APPENDIX TO TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE..
241
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Beconstruction—-Mr. Davis.
Senate.
language this provision would read: "Repre-
sentatives shall be apportioned among the sev-
eral States according to their respective num-
bers; but the negro population, in the States
where it is not allowed the right of suffrage,
shall be deducted so long as it is withheld
from them; and when that right is conceded
to its negro population in any State it shall be
estimated with its other population in appor-
tioning liepresentatives.'' This is the behest
of the radicals to the late slave States, '' Con-
fer upon your negro population the right of suf-
rage to augment our power and for our benefit,
and unless you do this we will reduce your
representation in Congress and your presiden-
tial electors in proportion to the number of that
population."
There is the pretext of a justification for
thus reducing the power of the slave States
about in this form: they made the rebellion
and ought not to have their crime rewarded by
having the unrepresented portion of their late
slaves as an additional element of political
power. But to this it might be responded,
" The people of the slave States did not alone
make the rebellion ; the free States and their
people helped it along most effectively. What-
ever crime they committed in that affair they
have suffered for it grieviously in other respects
besides the emancipation of all their slaves.
The manner of their humiliation and punish-
ment is enough to satisfy every claim of justice
and sound policy, without stripping from them
an important portion of their constitutional
power in the Government. They have already
accepted what was not demanded by justice or
policy, and as much as true manhood can
bear.'' But the hollowness of this pretext was
exhibited partially by the radical majority vot-
ing down the proposition of the Senator from
Indiana, [Mr. Hexdricks,] that three fifths of
the negro population should be computed in
the apportionment of representation.
Next to population, Mr. President, the most
just and proper basis of representation fould
be voters. This principle Has many friends in
Congress, and has been earnestly advocated by
some of them. But it does not suit New Eng-
land, because there the female population pre-
ponderates considerably over the male, and
the adoption of that principle of representation
would curtail the representation in Congress
of those States two or three; and with charac-
teristic address, her men in the two Houses
have caused that proposition to be put on the
shelf. Whoever else may lose, New England
always wins.
The third section, proposing to punish '' all
persons who voluntarily adhered to the late
insurrection, giving it aid and comfort," by
forfeiting their right to vote for Representa-
tives in Congress and electors for President
and Vice President at the next election, has
been stricken out by the unanimous vote of the
Senate. An amendment of the Constitution
that was intended and that could have no other
effect than to enable the radical party to carry
the next congressional and presidential elec-
tions, and which, when they were over, was to
expire by its own limitation, was too absurd
to receive the support of a majority of the rad-
icals of the Senate, notwithstanding it had been
passed by their friends of the House. " King
Caucus'' required that it should be expunged,
and every radical obeyed the command of the
king. But they introduce in its stead another
section, not so ridiculous, but in substance
andimport more objectionable. I willread it:
Sec. 3. That no person shall be a Senator orRepre-
sentative in Congress, or electorofPresidentandVice
President, or hold any office, civil or military, under
the United States, or under any State, who, haying
previously taken an oath, asamemberofCongress, or
as an officer of the United States, or as a member of
any State Legislature, or as an executive or judicial
officer of any State, to support the Constitution of the
United States, shall have engaged in insurrection or
rebellion against tho same, or given aid or comfort
to the enemies thereof. But Congress may, by a
vote of two thirds of each House, remove such dis-
ability.
39tti Oonh. 1st Siws.—"No. lf>.
This new section is subject to a number of
very grave objections; I will proceed to state
some of them. It is in the nature of both a
bill of attainder and an ex post facto law. Our
highest courts have decided that all laws which
declare a person to be guilty of a felony, or
which make a forfeiture of personal or prop-
erty rights, are in the nature of bills of attain-
der. The same authority has also ruled many
times over that all laws which make any act
penal that was not so at the time of its com-
mission, or which changes, increases, or adds
another punishment than what had been pro-
vided for crimes before they were committed,
are ex post facto laws; and theyhavte adjudged
all laws of both those classes to be void and
of no effect, because they are in contravention
of the clause of the Constitution which says,
"No bill of attainder or ex post facto law shall
be passed." It is the incorporation of a crim-
inal judgment against a multitude and an ex
post facto law in the Constitution.
It is also unconstitutional, because it vio«
lates the fundamental principle of our Govern-
ment, so clearly and well stated in the fourth
resolution of the Chicago convention which
nominated Mr. Lincoln for the Presidency,
that each State has the exclusive right "to
order and control its own domestic institu-
tions." This amendment, in providing a pun-
ishment for certain officers of the States for
an imputed violation of their oaths to support
the Constitution of the United States, con-
flicts with that principle. And it is uncon-
stitutional because it disregards the partition
of the powers of the General Government into
legislative, executive, and judicial, and tho as-
signment of the first to Congress, the second to
the President, and the third to the courts. In
the matters I have stated, the proposed amend-
ment violates the Constitution, and makes an-
other continuing breach of it in the clause,
"Congressmay, by a vote of two thirds of each
House, remove such disabilitythe whole par-
doning power of the Government being of an
executive nature and vested in the President.
My proposition, that the proposed alterations
of the Constitution because of their confliction
with it, if even adopted according to the form
of amending it, would be void, may seem a
solecism and unsound. I propose to examine
that point. The mode of making alterations
of the Constitution is provided for in these
words:
"The Congress, whenever two thirds of both Houses
shall deem it necessary, shall propose amendments to
this Constitution, or, on tho application of the Legis-
latures of two thirds of the several States, shall call
a convention for proposing amendments, which in
either case, shall be valid to all intents and purposes,
as part of this Constitution, when ratified by the Le-
gislatures of three fourths of the several States, or by
conventions in three iourths thereof, as the one or
the other mode of ratification may bo proposed by
the Congress."
The power of Congress in the premises is
special and limited, the whole extent of it being
to propose amendments to the Constitution by
the action of two thirds of both Houses. The
States and the people have no more important
reserved rights than that such propositions
shall be made by no less a majority than two
thirds of both Houses; and that under the
guise of amendments, propositions which would
subvert orrevolutionize or change tho essential
nature of the Constitution and Government
cannot be made. The true and^ legitimate
meaning of the word "amendment'' is "alter-
ation for the better," "reformation." With-
out insisting that proposed amendments of the
Constitution should be such as would make it
better, or reform it in some feature, it is cer-
tainly true that a proposition to make the Pres-
ident a hereditary monarch, Senators to con-
tinue in office for life, and members of the
House for seven years, could not be legiti-
mately made under this power to propose
amendments; nor could a proposition to break
up and dissolve the States and their govern-
ments, and to organize the United States into
one consolidated Government. No proposi-
tion which would be in palpable conflict with
and that would certainly operate to change the
essential nature and character of the Govern-
ment formed by the Constitution, or to subvert
some of its great and distinguishing principles,
could be made by Congress to the States under
a power to propose amendments. The framers
of the Constitution did not intend to invest, and
have not in fact conferred on Congress the power
to initiate alterations of it which would revolu-
tionize the Government formed by it. There-
fore, all such propositions to change the Con-
stitution, even if made by two thirds of both
Houses of a full Congress, and ratified by three
fourths of the States, being outside of the pale
of their authority, would not become parts of
the Constitution, and would have no validity
whatever. If they were acquiesced in and
took effect, a revolution, bloodless, but never-
theless a revolution, would have ensued.
Mr. President, I have already attempted, and
I think successfully, to show that Congress,
as the two Houses are now organized, being
mutilated by the exclusion of the Senators and
Representatives from eleven States by the arbi-
trary acts of the members who assume to be
the two Houses; for the absence of the requi-
site majority of two thirds thus produced could
not propose even proper and legitimate amend-
ments to the Constitution. But the pending
proposition, which assaults so many of its car-
dinal and vital principles that it would inaug-
urate a great change in the very order and
nature of our Government, being initiated by
this fragmentary Congress, acting as a revo-
lutionary assembly; it requires extraordinary
boldness to maintain that such a proposition
made by two thirds of such a Congress, even
if ratified by the Legislatures of three fourths
of the .States, would have any validity. The en-
tire polity of the United States forms the most
complex political system that ever existed,
consisting of State governments and General
Government, States and United States, and
all sovereignty divided between them. The
States were first each a sovereignty having its
own separate government, and possessed of
liberty; and they had formed a league for the
purposes of common defense and security
against foreign aggression. Experience had
proved that the Slates had conflicting interests
which caused antagonistical laws and regula-
tions, and must end in mutual collisions and
wars; and that their league was wholly insuf-
ficient to secure the ends for which it had been
formed. The Constitution was designed to
supply these needs, and created a nation and
a national Government strong enough to give
security against foreign attacks and internal
disorders without endangering the liberties of
the people. The General Government was con-
ceived by and organized upon the States, and
to protect and perpetuate them was one of its
chief objects. They delegated to it only such
powers as were necessary and proper to enable
it to manage and control the general affairs
intrusted to it. All other powers, except a few
withheld both from it and the State govern-
ments, were reserved to the States respectively
an^l to the people.
The division and allotment of political sov-
ereignty and the adjustment of the relations
between the United States and the States was
a work of the greatest importance and difficulty,
and taxed to the utmost all the resources of as
great men as the world has ever produced,
whose minds were enriched by deep reading in
the political history of ancient and modern
times, by having had free and self-governed
communities as their common inheritance, by
many years of thorough mental culture and
ripe experience in public affairs, and a patriot-
ism as pure and lofty as ever graced any heroic
age. Such men were the founders of our Gov-
ernment, and they creatcd and organised it and
made its law by a written Constitution. 1 hat
Constitution is tho gathered wisdom of all
