1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
65t
negro. The hate toward thenortherners spendsitself
in that direction. I could spend the day in rolating
such acts.
"In Atlanta, I know from personal inspection that
multitudes of the feeble and women and children arc
living either in the open air, or such rude shelters of
. "brush and logs and old tin from car roofs as they can
construct, exposed to storms and cold, and such a life
induces a large amount of sickness and a high rate of
mortality.
"I return edyesterday (J anuary 26,1866,) from a tour
of inspection of two weeks over the State. The de-
mand increases, or else a knowledge of the needs of
the freedmen grows upon me for help. Small-pox
spreads with terrible rapidity and fatality, and gen-
erally eivilauthorities show a cruel heartlessness and
wicked indifference to their wants which {k>cs little
credit to their humanity."
From Texas the surgeon in charge writes
that—
" Captain W. D. AVardlow, recently ordered to Ho-
mer, Angelina county, with two companies of the
twelfth Illinois cavalry, reported his intention to
arrest a planter named Herman Brown for killing a
freedman. It is stated and corroborated by the evi-
dence ot the dying man that Brown had in his service
the freedman's wife and denied him the right to see
her, threatening to shoot him if lie came again, which
threat Brown carried out. Captain Wardlow says it
iscurrently rumored that there is an organization with
some of theplanters to kill every freedman that leaves
his formermaster. In iSan Augustine county aplanter
named Gaddcn informed his employes that they wore
notfree until Christmas, andcompelledthemto stay."
I now, Mr. Speaker, read" to you an extract
from the report from Kentucky of Brevet Major
General Fisk, assistant commissioner for Ken-
tucky and Tennessee:
Bfreau Frf.rbmfa*, Ktcfucres,
Statks of Kentucky and Tennessee,
Assistant Commissioner's Office,
Nashville, Tennksskic, Janucay 23,1866.
General : I assureyou that in noportionofthe coun-
try is the bureau a more positive necessity than in
many counties of Kentucky, and for the sake of the
nation's plighted faith to her wards, the freedmen,
and in behalf of humanity and justice, I implore
you and the President to listen to no request for its
withdrawal from the {State until theeivil authorities,
in the enforcement of impartial laws, shall amply pro-
tect the persons and property of those for whose pro-
tection and defense this bureau is set.
1 saw with my own eyes our fellow-soldieis, yetulad
in the uniform of their country's Army, fresh from
their muster out of service, who, within the last ten
days, were the victims ot fiendish atrocity from the
hands of their former masters in Kentucky. Thc^e
returned soldiers had been to their old homes for then-
wives and children, and had lor this oliensc been
knocked down, whipped, and hoiribly bruised, and
threatened with shooting should they ever dare to set
their feet on the premies of their old master again and
intimate that their families were free.
On the very day last week that Uarrct Davis was
engaged in denouncing the Freedmen's Bureau in
the United States Senate, his own neighbors, who had
fought gallantly in the Union Aimy, were pleading
with myself ior the protection winch the civil author-
ities failed to afford. The civil law prohibits the
colored man from bearing arms: returned soldiers are,
by the civil othcors, dispossessed of their arms and
fined for violation of the law. x
I inclose herewith copies of two letters received
& from Meade county. Mr. Stewart is circuit judge- ft
would, I tear, do grout harm woift the bureau to he
withdraw from any portion of the county where sla-
very has ceased to existas the result of the war, until
the people shall have had ample time, under the
guardianship of the Government, to adjusttheir new
relations on the basis of impartial justice to all men,
I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient
servant, CLINTON B. FISK,
Brevet Major General, Assistant Commissioner.
Major General Howard, Commissioner, &c.
The letters referred to by General Fisk are
'as follows. The first is dated—
Brandenburoii. Kentucky, December 29,1865.
Sir : I have the honor to inform vou that the freed-
men of this county have been grossly imposed on by
former rebel ownejs. Whether they are lebels at
present is for you to judge upon the information given
me by the freedmen.
I will state one circumstance given me by Mr. II.
Patterson, a member of company lv, one hundred and !
eighteenth United States colored infantry. lie was {
honorably discharged the service on the 15th day of 1
Septembei, 1865, He came to th!o place and sent to the
country for his wife and children. Their foimer owner,
Shacklott, of rebel notoriety, refused to give them up
to their father and husband, and notilies the soldier
if he comes on his lands for the purpose of getting them
he will shoot him. He has not got them yet. Please
inform me what couisc should be puisued in regard
to the fieediucn. We have no^ agent for the freed-
men's Burenu jit this place. The disposition of the
would-be rebels is to persecute the freedmen to the
utmost extent.
Sir, another thing I wish to call your attention to is
the oppression ot returned Union soldiers. On the
18th of .December, 1S05, a Union soldier, formerly of
the be venteenth Kentucky cavalry, came to this place
and was grossly beaten by a former rebel soldier,
guerrilla, and his friends—reasons, that he had sent
negroes across the Ohio river. He w as beaten for obey -
ingan order issued by you to his ofiicer and by his cap-
39th Cose. 1st Sess.—■No. 42.
tain to him. The civil authorities have taken no notice
of the disgraceful riot on the Sabbath, find such things
have occurred on several occasions. The civil law
here is in the hands of the rebels.
For character 1 refer you to Colonel E. "W. Critten-
den, United States Army, and Colonel James T. Brarn-
lette, inspector-general of Kentucky.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
W. F. DENTON,
Formerly Lieutenant Twelfth Kentucky Cavalry.
Major General Palmer.
Now, sir, I give an extract from the letter
of Judge Stewart, dated at Brandenburgh, Jan-
uary 4, 1866:
General Ftsic : * * * * There is a place
about nine miles from this callcd Meadeville, for-
merly a guerrilla headquarters. At that place there
has been a reign of terror for two weeks. The pre-
tense of the rascals concerned in it is to expel all the
freedmen. ,
They have made the declaration that no ono shall
hire a negro, not even the former owners of them.
One man's houses were burned some days ago on
the faith of a rumor that he was about to hire his
former slaves and put them there to live.
The family of a certain John Blunt Shacklett, to-
getherwith a Jesse Murray Shacklett andBill Shack-
lett—they attempted to cany out their purpose here
day before yesterday. They with cocked pistols pa-
raded several negroes about the street, and went in
search of some who had been in the Army, and would
undoubtedly have killed them if they had been found.
Some of us (very few) went into business about this
point, and they wore soon cleaned out, two being
badly wounded.
I learn that yesterdasr they were assemhledin force
at Meadeville; no pioeess of law can be served upon
them. Now what are we to do? 1 cannot undertake
the business, for I have been thumped to death nearly
heretofore.
Please inform nae what may bo looked for at oncc.
Obediently, &c.
J. STEWART.
I just hear that yesterday at Meadeville, a certain
Mayor Harrison proclaimed that any one who hired
a negro deseivtsl to hang, and should be hung.
This is a fellow they had charged as a spy, and I
unfortunately lent a hand in getting him clear. It is
certain he went to pilot Berry and his gang through
here last fall, and ought to be had up for that.
Mr. SMITH. Will the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Eliot] allow me to say a word
in reference to General Fisk?
Mr. ELIOT. ] am sorry to be compelled to
dcclinc.
Mr. SMITH. I desire to say hut a word in
reference to u speech made by General Fisk, in
Cincinnati, in reference to Kentucky.
Mr. ELIOT. I must decline to yield.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. \Vill the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot] allow
me to askvhim a question? By whom is that
report signed ? Is it signed by General Fisk or
some subordinate ?
Mr. ELIOT. It is an official report by Gen-
eral Fisk.
' Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. Is it signed
by General Fislc or by a subordinate?
Mr. ELIOT. It is signed by General Fisk.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I think the
gentleman Ls mistaken.
Mr. ELIOT. "What I have had read is a
certified copy of a report made and signed by
General Fisk, as the gentleman will see by ex-
amining the copy just read by the Clerk.
Mr. GIMDEiL I would ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot] when he ob-
tained Ihe communication just read.
Mr. ELTOT. My impression is that I have
had the report of General Fisk f,>r about a week.
' The two letters accompanying it 1 have procured
since.
From the report of Colonel \\ hittlesey, as-
sistant commissioner of North Carolina, i pre-
sent the following extract:
"The method pursued may be best presented by
citing a few cases, and the action thereon. Prom the
repoit-of Captain James, for Augujt, I quote the fol-
•lowing:
" I forwarded you, in his own language, a report of
a ease which occurred in Gules county, on the north-
ern border of the State, far away from any influence
of troops, and where the military power of the Gov-
ernment had been little Jolt. No doubt if illustrates
others in similar localities far fi'-m gairisons and
northern influences. The report will repay perusal,
and appears to have been managed with admirable
tact on the part of Captain 11 ill. Itoporf shad reach cd
me ot'the way in wtiudi David Parker, of Gates eountv,
treated his colored people, and I determined to ascer-
tain formyseU'their truth. Accordingly last Monday,
August -0, accompanied bvn gu.m! <>f six men irom
this pc^i, (Elizabeth City,) I proceeded to hi- resi-
dence, about foity miles distant. He is very wealthy.
I a?certaincd, after due mvcdigafi^u, and ader con-
vincing his colored people that I \7us really their
friend, that the worst reports of him were true. H©
had twenty-thrccncgroes on hisfavm.largcandsmal].
Of these fourteen were field hands. They all bore un-
mistakable evidence of the way they had been worked.
Very much undersized, raiely exceeding, man or
woman, four feet six inches. Men and women of
thirty and forty years of age looking like boys and
girls. It has been his habit for years to work them
from sunrise to sunset, and often long after, only stop-
ping ono hour for dinner—food always cooked for
them to save time. He had and has had for many
years an old colored man, one-eyed, and worn out in
the service, for an overseer or 4 over-looker/ as he
called himself. In addition,he hastwosonsathome,
one ot whom has made it a point to bo with them all
snmmertong—not so much tosupcrintend as to drive.
The old colored overseer always wont behind the gang
with a cane or whip, and woe betide the unlucky
wretch who did not do continually his part. He had.
been brought up to work, and had not the least pity
for any one who could not work as well as he.
"Mr. Parker told me that he had hircdhis people for
the season; that directly alter the surrender of General
Lee he called them up, told them they were free, that
he was better used to them than to others, and would
prefer hiring them, that he would givo them board
and two suits of clothing to stay with him till the 1st
day of January, 180(5, and one Sunday suit at the end
of that time, that they consented willingly—in fact
preferred to remain with him, &c. But from his peo-
ple 1 learned that though ho did call them up, as
staled, yet when one of tlicm demurred at the oiler.
Ins son J amcd flow at him and cuffed and kicked him;
that after that, they were all'peifectly willing to
stay;'they were watched night and day; that Hob,
one of the men, had been chained nights, that they
were actually afinid to try to get away. Tnere was
no complaint of the food, nor much ot the clothing;
but they were in constant terror of the whip. Only
threo days before my arrival Bob had been stripped
in the field and given fifty lasttcs, for hitting Adam,
the colored over-looker, while JamesParkerstoodby
with a gun, and told him to run if he wanted to, he
had a gun there. About four waek<? before, four of
them who went to church andreturned before sunset,
were treated to twenty-five lashes each. Some wore
beaten or whipped almost every day. Having ascer-
tained these and other similar facts, I directed him
to call them up and pay them from the 1st of May
last up to the present time. I investigated each case,
taking into consideration age, fanmy, physical con-
dition, &e., estimating their work from ciecht dollars
down, and saw him pay them oil then and there, al-
lowing tor clothing and medical bill. Ittien arrested
him and his two sons, and brought them hero, except
l)r. Joseph Paiker, whose sister i.-> very sick, with all
the colored pcoplo 1 thought necessary as witnesses,
intending to send them to Newborn for trial. But
on account ot the want of immediate transportation
I concluded toicleave them on their giving a bond in
the sum ol #2,000 to Colonel 10. Whittlesey, assistant
commissioner lor the Slate of North Carolina, and to
his Miecessois in ol'uce, conditional as follows:
" 'That wheieas l)avid Parker and James Parker
have heietolorc maltieatcd their colored people, and
have enforced the compulsory system instead oi the
free-labor sj>tcm, now, therefore, if they, each of
them, shall hereafter well and kindly treat, and cause
to be treated, the hired laborers under their or his
charge, and shall adopt the fiee-Iaborsystcm in lieu
of the compulsory system, then this bond to bo void
and of no effect, otherwise to remam in full force and
effect, with good .security/
"LieutenantCoionel CInpp, superintendent central
district, reports thice cases of cruel beating, which
have been investigated, and the offenders! turned over
to the military authorities for tnal; besides very
many instances of defrauding freedmen of their wages.
" Fiom the reports ot Major Wiekcrsham, superin-
tendent ol the southern district, I quote the follow-
ing:
"August 25, A. S. Miller, Bladen county, states that
Henry Miller (colored) neglects to support his family.
Action, required Henry Miller to use his wages l'or
the support of his wife and children who have no
claims on their former master, and can look to no one
else than the husband and father for support.
" 27. Betsey Powell (colored) states that Mrs. Frank
Powell. Columbus county, has driven her away with-
out pay for her labor. Cave lottt-r to Mrs. Powell
directing her to pay Betsey for her labor since April
27,18t)5.
"29. Len Shiner (colored) states that he made an
agrecmen t with Mr. David Kusscl, ol Kobcoon county,
to woilt and gather his crop, for which he was to re-
ceive subsistence and one third of the ciop when
gathered. Mr. llus^el has driven him off and refuses
to pay. Wrote to Mr. Kussel directing him to com-
ply with terms of agreement, or furnish satisfactory
reasons for not doing so. These are but examples of
hundreds of complaints heard and acted upon by
A1 ajor "Wickcrsham and otheroffiecrs m the southern
district.
" The following capes are taken from the report of
Captain Barritt, assiatantcommissioncr at Charlotte.
" Morrison Miller, charged with whipping giil Han-
nah, (eoioied.) Pound guilty. Action —oulered to
pay said Hannah litty bushels of corn fowaid Mip-
porting hei>elf and ihildien, two of said oluldien
being the offspring of Miller.
" William Wallace, charged with whipping Martha,
(colored.) Plead guilty. Action—lined said Wallace
fifteen dollars, with a.-.-urance that if the above of-
fense w;h repeated the fine would be doubled.
"Council Be*t attempts to defraud mx families of
tlieii summer labor, bv otl'ermg to sell at auction tho
crop on lus leased plantation. Action—sent military
force and stopped the sale until contract .with labor-
ers was complied with.
" A hundied pages of similar reports might be copied,
showing, on the one side, that many freedmen need
