1722
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
Mr. LAFLIN. This is a subject that relates
to a difficulty that arose between the Secretary
of the Interior and the memorialist, Mr. Ken-
nedy, late superintending clerk of the census.
It appears that in Juno last, owing to the
failure of the appropriation by the last Con-
gress, it was found to be impossible to continue
the duties of the Census Office without making
some change therein. Accordingly the Secre-
tary of the Interior, on the advice of the Cab-
inet and the President of the United States,
transferred the duties of that office to the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, Hon.
J. M. Edmunds. The reason for the transfer
was that there was an unappropriated fund un-
der the charge of the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office which could be as well applied
to this purpose as to any other, and it was im-
possible to continue the publication of the Cen-
sus Reports without making this transfer.
At the time this was done it was held by the
memorialist, Mr. Kennedy, that the Secretary
of the Interior acted in violation of law. This
is the charge which is plainly and distinctly
made in the memorial. It was consequently
the first duty of the committee to address them-
selves to the consideration of that question.
By referring to the act of January 23, 1850,
establishing the Census Office, it was found that
after enumerating certain powers which were
to be given to the Secretary of the Interior, and
to marshals and others to be appointed under
him in connection with the census, the Secre-
tary of the Interior was empowered, in the gen-
eral management of the business of the census,
to appoint a superintending clerk of the census,
who should do thus and sounder his direction.
In accordance with the provisions of that
law the memorialist, the late superintending
clerk of the census, was appointed and contin-
ued in that office until June, 1865. At that
time, for the reasons I have already stated, the
duties of the Census Office were transferred to
the Commissioner of the General Land Office.
Now, we find, by the express language of the
act to which I have referred—language the
meaning of whieli cannot be mistaken, and
upon which no doubtful construction can be
placed—that the Secretary of the Interior was
empowered in the general management of the
duties of his office t£> appoint a superintending
clerk of the census to act under his direction.
The late superintending clerk of the census, Mr.
Kennedy, claims that although the law in such
explicit terms gave the whole control of the
office to the Secretary of the Interior, yet cer-
tain resolutions adopted by the Senate and by
the House of Representatives with reference
to the publication of the third volume of the
Census, relating to manufactures, transferred
these powers to him.
By reference to those resolutions we find that
they instructed the Superintendent of Public
Printing to^ print, as furnished by the late
superintending clerk of the census, so many
volumes of the third volume of the Census on
manufactures.
But there is nothing in the language ho re-
spectfully submitted to the House that would
give to the superintending clerk power to take
from the Secretary of the Interior the general
management of the duties of the office.
And besides that, even if it were so, the
committee found when this work was ready for
publication, when the manuscript was furnished
in toto to the Superintendent of the Public
Printing, the memorialist was not in office ; that
the duties of the office had been transferred to
the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
Hon. James M. Edmunds ; and under the in-
terpretation sought to be given to those reso-
lutions, he had no right to claim that the Sec-
retary of the Interior had acted in violation of
the law.
It appears that the incumbent of the office
of Superintendent of the Census at the pres-
ent time was appointed, named, and authorized
under the written direction of the Secretary
of the Interior to assume the duties of that
office prior to the preparation of the work;
but, sir, it is due to the memorialist to say that
of eight hundred and forty-three pages, some
six or seven hundred had been prepared when
the office was under his direction.
Now, sir; I think I have shown sufficiently
clear to this House that the Secretary of the
Interior did not act in violation of the law in
transferring the duties of that office to the
Commissioner of the General Land Office.
But the memorialist claims, still further, that
an illegal act has been committed, not only by
the Secretary of the Interior, but by the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, inasmuch
as the latter, when in charge of the Census, saw
fit to introduce into the third volume, on man-
ufactures, a preface of his own composition in
place of the preface prepared by the late super-
intending clerk of the census. Now, sir, we
have thoroughly examined these prefaces, and
although we cannot for a moment admit that
the character of these prefaces, as to their lit-
erary merit, has anything to do with the con-
sideration of this question, yet we are clearly
satisfied that the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, who was acting under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Interior, and who
was the officer in charge at the time when this
work was transmitted to the Public Printer, had
the right to exercise his judgment as .to what
should be in and what should be out of the
third volume. We hold there was nothing
in what he did or what he failed to do that was
illegal.
And wo hold, still further, the proposition,
which will meet, we think, the cordial assent
of this House, that no person, however exalted
may be his position, occupying a subordinate
position in any of the Departments of the Gov-
ernment, has a right to claim for any of his
work or labor that which may be considered as
a quasi copyright or its equivalent.
Mr. THAYER. Allow me to make a re-
mark. I do not understand that Mr. Kennedy
has ever made a claim to a copyright, or that his
position has been at all of that character. I
happen to know a little about that matter, and
I wish simply to say this: I do not wish the
House to suppose that the claim set up by Mr.
Kennedy was of the character of a copyright.
I understand that Mr. Kennedy claimed as an
ordinary act of literary justice, he having had
imposed upon him the labor and responsibility
of the preparation of the third volume of the
Census, it was right and proper that the preface
which lie had written for that volume should
go into it.
If the gentleman will excuse me a moment,
I wish to add that Mr. Kennedy in that posi-
tion was entirely right: and it has always
seemed to me to have been a great act of dis-
courtesy, to have been what, among literary
and scientific men, would have been considered
a great act of impropriety in the Commissioner
of the General Land Office, to take the work
of Mr. Kennedy and put into it a preface of
his own, conveying to the public the impres-
sion he performed the work which went into
that volume. In my judgment, that was an
act of discourtesy and of impropriety, and I
hope the House will not adopt it.
Mr. GRINNELL. I wish to ask the gentle-
man if he does not consider that five years was
a sufficient time in which to execute that liter-
ary trust.
Mr. THAYER. I do not know that that has
anything to do with it. I do know that the
gentleman referred to is a man of great indus-
try and ability in the matter of statistics, and
I do not think that anybody who is acquainted
with his abilities in that respect will deny that
fact. And if there was a great deal of time
consumed, I have no doubt it will turn out
that it was necessary for the work to be accom-
plished.
Mr. LAFLIN. It was far from my intention,
as the gentleman would seem to intimate, to
do any injustice whatever to Mr. Kennedy. If
he had watched my remarks closely he would
have discovered that I did not say that he claimed
a copyright. I know he did not claim it. But
I knew of no language that could express my
idea more clearly than to say that he claimed
that he was entitled to the credit of the produc-
tion of this work—a quasi copyright.
Now, the gentleman does not pretend to dis-
pute this point, but he goes on to argue it as
a question of delicacy, of literary honor. I do
not assume to dispute that question with hiin,
although perhaps I may not agree with him in
that particular. That is not a question for this
House to determine ; and I would simply say
here, inasmuch as this question has been raised,
that by far the greater proportion of printed
matter that appears in the third volume evi-
dently emanating from the brains of somebody.
I think I may say, speaking from recollection,
fully ten pages to one, appears in connection
with the introduction to that volume. And I
think I am safe in saying that the introduction
to the third volume, on manufactures, contains
more valuable statistics, gives more informa-
tion, shows more power and capacity, and en-
titles the author to more literary credit, than
the preface itself. I found, when I went into
an examination of this case, that every word
of this introduction had been prepared origi-
nally by Dr. Bishop, that it had been submitted
to the late Superintendent of the Census, and
that it was only corrected in a very few Words.
We asked the superintending clerk of the
census several questions on this subject, and I
would not allude to them but for the remarks
that have been made by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Thayer.] "We asked him,
" Were you not appointed under the direction
of the Secretary of the Interior?" He an-
swered that he was. "Did you not act under
his direction ?'' He answered, " I did." We
asked him, "Who wrote the introduction?"
He said it was written principally by Dr.
Bishop. " Under whose direction did he act?"
He answered, " Under the direction of the
superintending clerk of the census." Then
we asked him, " If you as the superintending
clerk, acting under the direction of the Sec-
retary of the Interior, have a right to author-
ship and to property in your productions in
re^grence to such a book as this, has not Dr.
Bishop also the same right; and if so, where
will it stop?"
Now, sir, I want to say here that there has
been no such injustice done to the late super-
intending clerk as the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Thayer] has represented. I
entertain the most friendly feelings toward Mr.
Kennedy. I am willing to recognize the abil-
ity with which he has conducted the duties of
that office. I am aware that he has a reputa-
tion of which any man might be proud, not
only in this country but abroad. But thin vol-
ume, as were the preceding volumes, ought not
to have been published with a title-page read-
ing thus: "Compiled by the superintending
clerk of the census, J. C. G. Kennedy, under
the direction of the Secretary of the Interior."
When the third volume, on manufactures, was
published, that which related "to the superin-
tending clerk of the census" was left entirely
out; the Commissioner in charge of the Gen-
eral Land Office never inserted anything rela-
ting to himself or his office upon the title-page
whatever, but printed it as it ought to have been
printed, "under the direction of the Secretary
of the Interior." And, sir, there is not a single
word, frorn the beginning to the end of the
preface, which in any manner detracts from the
high character which Mr. Kennedy has held, or
which in any manner claims for Mr. Edmunds
any right or title to the preparation of the book.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I think I have made the
case clear. I thiijk it is perfectly apparent that
under the act of Congress of May 23,1850, the
Secretary of the Interior, and the Secretary of
the Interior alone, was placed in the general
management of this office, and every person
appointed thereto was to act under his direc-
tion. I have shown that under his direction,
on the 7th of June, 1805, the duties of this
office were transferred to Hon. J. M. Edmunds
of the General Land Officc, and he was placed
in charge of the census. I have shown that the
Secretary of the Interior could not, therefore,
as this memorial charges, have acted in viola-
