658
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
the presence of some authority to enforce upon them
their new duties, and o.i the other, that so far from
being true that 'thereis no county in which alreod-
man can bo imposed upon,' (speech of Judge Heed
in constitutional convention,; there is no county in
which he is not ottener wronged, and these wrongs
increase just in proportion to their distance from Uni-
ted States authorities. There has been great im-
provement, during the quarter, in this respect. The
efforts of the bureau to piotect the freedmen have
done much to restrain violence and injustice. Such
efforts must be continued until civil government is
iully restored, just, laws enacted, or great suffering
and serious disturbance will be the result.
General C. W. Howard, as the result of his
inspection, submits these considerations in his
report:
"I. Agencies of the United States Government of
some sort, similar to the existin? bureau agencies, arc
lor the present indispensabio in every part of the two
States visited.
"1. Great suffering and starvation would ensuo
among the retugces and freedmen in some sections
were all Government aid withdrawn.
- "2. Public sentiment is such that even should the
laws be made impartial the nesuo could not obtain
redress lor wiongs done him m person or propeity.
"3. There seems to bo a moral incapacity with the
majority of white lesuhmt-* to treat him biirly in the
ordinary transactions of business as, e. <7,, in making
contracts, ilisovvn mexpericncem such thing* there-
fore r ndcro nccestoary^ome agency to guard his inter-
ests.
''•4. Existing theories concerning the education of
laborers and thy pityudiees against the blacks, are
such as absolutely to prevent the establishment of
schools for the l'roedmen, even though the expenses
be paid by the benevolent associations ot the North,
and the many successful schools now in operation
would be broken up in most places on the withdrawal
oftne Government agencies,
/'The same general observation will apply to nil mis-
sionary work by northern agents, and from soecial
inquiry and investigation ot this subject 1 am con-
vinced that very liti to in the wav of moral and reli-
gious instiuetjou tor tho fraud people into be expected
at present horn the ruembcis and ministers of the
southern churches.
'\1I. On the other hand, iris for the interest of the
whiter for the<c jigjMicu'S lo remain, and thobotler
class of the tliinkiug ni'm expressed themselves un-
hesitatingly in tavor of it.
'U. Tne prevailing want of confidence on the part
of the ficcdmen in those who have been slaveholders
makes it iicce^aiy lo have a thud party (and a Uni-
ted ^tarc^ otiicial h bctlcr than any others to induce
the iret-dtnen to enter into contracts. Many of the
white residents told me that no contracts would havo
been elicited but lor tho bureau ollicers.
' Such agontb are needed often to secure tho ful-
fillment oi con tt acts on the part of the iroedmen both
in the explaining the exact moaning and lorco ot the
contract and cnioicing it by diilcicnt motives and
moans.
"o. For tho protection of tho whites against anv
hostile combinations of the blacks. This will be
needed as long as the present pubhosentimeot ot the
whites continues, insuring a corresponding distrust
and hostility on the part of the blacks.
"Our agents have done much to allay such ill-fcel-
ing,'* Are.
Mr. Speakor, in order to show somewhat the
existing feeling m some portions of Maryland,
I annex a letter recently written by a teacher
of a freedmen's school:
To the Actuaw of the Baltimore Association for the
Moral intd Educational Improvement of the Colored
People :
IIVOEKRTOWX, M vuylatcp, February \, 1S6:>.
Dc.vn Sin: The rebols have come out a^ain-t mo at
last. Last week [was informed bv thedopufysheriff
that a g.mg oi them were organi/cd lor the purpose
ol bi ea king tip I he school and bl.n king the tcaeher.
l oth the maj or and *hoi i if have wai ned I in; colored
people to go aimed to school, (which thev do ) and if
they attempt it to >hoot as many p^ibie On
Monday night the deputy sheriff staid with u* at the
school. On the same night the rebels laid a trap ioi
me, wiucli X walked into, but got out again. 1 called
into a colored chmch, as 1 was a"eu tonied to do after
school, when f distmveied about twelve whites near
the door, who, upon mv entrance, locked the door and
took possession of the key. They then commenced a
row with tho colored people. In the yard tho tight
became general. The u bites swoi e vengeance on the
colored people and the school. After I left thev con-
vened ac.Min, and Alois vrci e tired. One ui tho colored
ffl'-'p, thinkiivr they had got me, ran to the j,nl for
assistance, and was returning, and was on his own
doorstep, when he was -hot by a fellow near by, who,
I believe, mistook him for me. The next night the
school was very thin, owing to the fright, but about
twenty returned colored soldiers came in and staid all
the evening, all armed. The superintendent of schools
came clown and brought me a revolver. If they attack
the school again 1 think they will get worsted.
1 oms, veiy respectfully, U. A. TUCKER.
Rev. P. Israel.
1 now elo«e by reading the last petition which
1 have received irom Indiana:
To the Senate a a t lions- of Representative of the Uni-
ted >s«.'Jie > in Cuwh ext assembled :
5„T1ifPr r.CI,tivo„col?mittco of Indiana yeally Meet-
ing_ of i liendft foi the relief ot Freedmen hovp ev-
amwed Major General 0. 0. Howard's report. Wa
know the condition of the freedmen and their wants,
and we believe that the honor and faith of the nation
are pledged to their relief; and wo pray that such
action be had as to extend the powers of the bureau,
and continue it until its legitimate work is accom-
plished.
On behalf of the committee.
TIMOTHY HARRISON,
i$ccvetcLvy *
Richmond, First month 30,1866.
Mr. Speakor, I wish now to modify the amend-
ment, in the first section so that it will read "in
which the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus
was suspended on the 1st day of February,
1806and 1 wish the same amendment made
wherever in the bill tho same words occur.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the gentleman if his
time has expired.
Mr. ELLOT. I dq not know.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts has nine minutes remaining.
Mr. STEVENS. Does the gentleman in-
tend to occupy that time?
Mr. ELI01'. No; I will yield it to my friend
from Pennsylvania.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, 1 wish I had
a little more time to explain the amendment
which 1 have offered, for it is important in two
or three particulars.
The bill as it now stands contemplates turn-
ing oil'the freedmen from the homesteads which
were allotted to them by order of the Govern-
ment, in three years.
Mr. ELIOT. No, sir; I beg the gentleman's
pardon.
Mr. STEVENS. I have moved to strike out
all that it says about three years, and about
their possession being confirmed until a satis-
factory arrangement between them and the tbr-
tuor owners of the land. That is the first and
most material amendment.
The bill provides that lands shall be rented
to them at a price which they brought- as a
rental before the war upon a valuation. Yi'hat
boon is that to a frecdman ? It also provides that
they acquire title to tho public lands of the Gov-
ernment at a price not less than their valuation.
What advantage is that to them? There are no
public lands in these States except the ever-
glades which are referred to. I have provided
m my amendment that they may acquire title
to the public lauds and the confiscated lands of
the enemy, so as to give them an opportunity
to settle upon both.
^ 1 have also proposed to strike out the words
" unless convicted of crime, "&c., in that clause.
1 know that men are convicted of assault and
battery and sentenced to slavery down there.
I have authentic evidence of that tact in several
letters, and therefore I propose to strike out
those words.
Now, sir, if I had time, 1 could show the
House that these freedmen have a right under
outlaws to the confiscated lands to the amount
of forty acres each, on the lands where they
are, assigned to them by the Government, un-
der Order No. 11, tiiat they should have them
j for homesteads.
! I would like also to have time to show how
| much land we have there. Wo have lauds there
i to the extent of more than one hundred thou-
| sand acres, and of more than one hundred mil-
| lion dollars in value. And yet, notwithstanding
{ this, the freedmen have been and are being
j driven from lands which have been ordered to
| be confiscated as ein'iuj's property, and which
j arc covered over now with freedmen and vil-
| lnges, school-houses and churches, which they
| have built. Why, sir, General Fisk told me
i that within the last four weeks ho had'been
j compelled reluctantly to return twenty-two mil-
| Hon dollars' worth of property in his district,
j which had been confiscated and was in the pos-
session of the United States Government.
And J would also like to show, if 1 had time,
that the Government has no such power. "The
pardoning power does not give it, any such
power. Xo power but the power of Congress
can reach it, so that these lauds can be returned
to their former owners.
I should like also to show that the freedmen
on the Sea islands, who have gone there upon
the ta.ith of these forty-acre grants, and have
built for themselves comfortable houses and
established communities there, have the right
to retain those lands forever ; and that it is a
burning cruelty in us, by a provision of this
kind, to allow them to be turned off in three
years.
I shouldlike also to show, as I can show, that
there are sixteen thousand freedmen on the
Peninsula between Fortress Monroe and Wil-
liamsburg, occupying lands seized by the Gov-
ernment, and which has become the property of
the United States under our confiscation act—
taken not as the property of traitors, but as
enemy's property, and. confiscated as the prop-
erty of belligerents, not to be reached by any
pardon on earth except the pardon of this Con-
gress. Those sixteen thousand freedmen who
are there in communities, who have built their
houses, their churches, their school-houses, and
who have over two hundred thousand dollars
in savings banks, now receive notice to turn
out, and reeking rebels are to be brought back
and take their places, under the pretense that
a pardon can restore to them lands which be-
longed to us and which we have given to these
freedmen. God forbid that I should ever vote
for such a bill as that.
Why, sir, as my friend from Iowa [Mr. Gms-
nei.i,] said, when that wise man the Emperor
of Russia set free twenty-two million serfs, he
compelled their masters to give them home-
steads upon the very soil which they bad tilled;
homesteads not at a full price, but at a nominal
price; "for," said hp, in noble words, "they
have earned this, they have worked upon the
land for ages, and they are entitled to it."
But, by this bill, we propose to sell our laud at
not less than tho Government price, or to rent
it at prices which these poor people can never
pay. If this bill shall go into operation, that
will be its effect.
Mr. ELIOT. Will tho gentleman allow mo
to interrupt him a moment?
Mr. STEVENS. Certainly.
Mr. ELIOT. I wish to say that so far from
that being the case, I have information from
the head of this bureau that under the provis-
ions of this bill all the rights of these colored
men can be cared for with entire satisfaction to
them; that it is all they ask, and all they want.
Mr. STEVENS. Let me read the language
of the bill:
That the occupants of land under Major General
Sherman's special field older, dated at Savannah,
January 10,1865, are hereby confirmed m their pos-
session for the period of throe years from the date of
sai.d order, and no person shall be disturbed in or
ousted from said possession during said three years,
unless a scttlcmcntshallbc made with said occupant,
by the owner, satisfactory to the Commissioner of the
Freedmen'a Bureau.
Wh, t, does that mean?
Mr. ELIOT. Why does not the gentleman
read the rest of the section ? It continues thus:
Piorideil, That whenever the owners of lands occu-
pied under General Sherman's field oidci shall tie
entitled to restoration of said lands tile Commissioner
is hereby authorized, upon the agreement, and with
the wi i Uen consent ot said occupants, to procure other
landa for them, by lent, or purchase, or to &et apart
iorthcmoiuof the public lands assigned for that pur-
pose m section lour ot this bill, forty acres each, upon
the terms and conditions named in said section.
Mr. STEVENS. Does that prevent the occu-
pants from being turned out?
Mr. ELIOT. Certainly.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not think so ; and I
say that this bill is a robbery.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time has
expired.
Mr. ELIOT. Before the vote bo taken on
secondinglliedemand for tho previous question,
I wish to say that I accept the amendment of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, to strike out
in the seventh and eighth sections tho words
"except ns a punishment for crime whereof tho
party shall have been duly convicted."
Mr. SMITH. I ask the consent of tho gen-
tleman from Massachusetts to offer an amend-
ment to the Senate bill.
Mv. ELIOT. 1 have no objection to its pre-
sentation.
Mr. STEVENS. I.s such an amendment in
order ?
The SPEAKER. It is. Both substitutes
