3642
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6,
, The Clerk read as follows:
On glycerine, forty per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. O'NEILL. I move to amend, that clause
by striking out "forty per cent, ad valorem,"
and inserting in lieu, thereof "twenty-five
cents per pound." It is alleged thg-t- there is
_a'great deal of fraud practiced in the impor-
tation of this article, and I hope the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means will
allow the duty to be made specific.
Mr. MORRILL. In order to avoid any mis-
takes in the custom-house, we have enumerated
•this article by "name -and imposed a duty of
forty per cent, ad valorem. I trust the duty will
not be increased. It is made often of'burnt
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to amend by in-
serting after the line last read, "on nitro-gly-
cerine or nitroleum, fifty per cent, advalorem.''
Nitro-glycerine is an explosive material almost
the same as gun-cotton, with the" exception of
having glycerine fat as a base instead of cot-
ton. I propose the same duty as on gun-cotton.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Cleric read as follows:
On gum benioin or Benjamin, Senegal, Arabic,
tragacantb, Barbory, East India, Jedda and amber,
ton per cent, ad valorem.
On guui copal and other gums and resinous sub-
stances used for the same or similar purposes, three
cents per pound.
On gum sh^Jlae, three cents per pound.
On hydrated boracic acid, twelve cents per pound.
On lead, sugar of, twenty-five cents per pound.
Oy lead, acetate of, thirty cents per pound.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the words "011 lead, sugar of, twenty-
five cents per pound," and to insert after the
words "on lead, acetate of" the words "or
sugar of."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. O'NEILL. I move to amend by insert-
ing after what the Clerk has just read, " on red
prussiate of potash, twelve and a half cents per
pound; on yellow prussiate of potash, seven
and a half cents per pound."
I hope the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means [Mr. Morrill] will help me
to carry this amendment. So'me weeks ago
the important interests ongaged in the manu-
facture of these prussiates went before the
Committee of Ways and Means and endeav-
ored to show why the duty should be increased.
And I understood they went away with the im-
pression or understanding that the duty would
be increased. They desired at first to have a
duty of fifteen cents on red prussiate and ten
cents on the other. They went away with the
belief that the committee would recommend
twelve and a half cents on the red prussiate
and seven and a half on the other. I believe
this amendment is just and proper, and I hope
the chairman of the committee will consent
to it.
Mr. MORRILL. We had a great deal be-
fore the Committee of Ways and Means in
relation to chemical preparations. But after
mature deliberation we came to the conclusion
that it was too hot weather to go into the study
of chemistry to such an extent as to acquire
the knowledge necessary for a proper under-
standing of these subjects. In order to under-
stand fully any one of these preparations, a
great deal of accurate information is necessary,
because they are all more or less related to
each other, and if you touch one you thereby
create a necessity for touching all the other
members of the family. I therefore hope the
Committee of the Whole will not adopt any
further amendment in relation to those chem-
ical and medicinal preparations.
The amendment of Mr. O'Neill was not
agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
- On linseed, flaxseed, hempsced, and' rapeseed oil,
thirty cents per gallon.
Mr. MORRILL. I move, pro forma, to
make the duty thirty-five cents per gallon.
And I do that for this purpose: the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Schexck] last evening handled
me rather roughly on the subject of statistics.
And while I have no expectation of changing
the. present duty on linseed joil, either to in-
crease it. or diminish it, I desire to place, my-
self right upon the record, and to show that
although I had'not recently examined the sub-
ject, it is not always safe for gentlemen here
to. take their, statistics second-hand, without
investigating the subject to some extent them-
selves. . And I .know- if the gentleman from
Ohio had investigated_ this subjcct himself ho
would not have fallen into the error he did.
Now, to show that I was right in my recollec-
tion of what the facts were, I desire to sub-
mit some figures,in regard to the .amount of
our importation of linseed and linseed oil, and
also the amount of those articles produced in
this country. My statement was that we have
been in the habit of importing something like
three fourths of all that we consumed either in
the form of oil or linseed. The gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Sche^ce:] rather scouted the
idea that that was the fact at any time, and
quoted statistics to show what he said the facts
were for ten years past. Now, for the year
1850 I find that we imported 667,369 bushels
of the seed q,nd 1,513,117 gallons of the oil.
The whole production of the United States for
that year, according .to the census, was but
562,312 bushels of seed. For the year ending
June 30, 1851, we imported 002,074 bushels of
the seed and 2,818,840 gallons of the oil. In
1859 we imported free of duty flaxseed of the
value of $2,415,243, and paying duty 275
bushels, and of oil 1,210,697 gallons. In 1860
we have the record of our production again.
That year we imported free of duty seed of
the value of $2,753,411, and paying duty 513
bushels; the amount of oil was , while tlKP"
amount of home production for that year was
611,977 bushels. Now, Mr. Chairman, I only
desired to state the facts, because when I un-
dertake to- represent facts I like to represent
them as they are so far as I am able; and I do
not mean that my statements shall be success-
fully impeached.
Mr. SCHENCK.- In replying to the gentle-
man from Vermont I beg leave to remind the
House that I said not one word last night about
the importation of oil. My whole argument
was confined to repelling, not an intimation,
but a direct charge, made by the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means that the
whole object of the effort to procure protection
for this seed interest was to. benefit, as the gen-
tleman said, some "half dozen crushers" in
the western States. I replied by showing that
those half dozen crushers consisted of more thau
ninety presses, involving an interest of about
eight million dollars. I referred to the produc-
tion in the six western States of Ohio, Indiana,
Illinois, Iowa, Missouri, and Kentucky, and I
presented some figures, the correctness of which
the gentleman does not deny, to show that the
aggregate value during the last year of the flax-
seed produced in those States was $5,250,000.
_ The gentleman, evading that point, admit-
ting that he had gone very much too far in
speaking of "a half dozen crushers," then
spoke of the importation of flaxseed as fall-
ing off. On this subject I gave the gentleman
some figures, which have nothing to do with
what he is now speaking of, and which did not
go back beyond 1861. I stated that so far from
the fact being that the amount imported was
of no consequence, the aggregate importation
from 1861 to 1865 amounted, in round num-
bers, to 1,300,000 bushels. I will now give the
gentleman the exact figures, taken from offi-
cial sources. The importation, gradually in-
creasing from upward of 123,000 bags in 1861,
amounted in 1865 to 321,570. Now, the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means,
familiar" as he is with all subjects relating to
the tariff, must know that each one of these
bags contains four bushels) consequently the
amount imported lastyear was 1,286,280bush-
els. But, besides this, there was an importa-
tion of 58,776 pockets. This eastern flaxseed,
making, as it does, two and a quarter gallons
of oil to the bushel while ours makes but two
gallons, is to a great extent imported in small
called pockets, containing three pecks
apiece. Reducing these pockets to bushels,
and adding them to the 1,286,280 bushels, the
result shows more than 1,300,000 bushels of
this foreign seed imported during the lastyear.
Sir, T did not sjjeak at all of the importation
of the oil; I referred simply to the importa-
tion of the foreign seed. So far from the fact
being that the importation has fallen off, I
#lm that it has gone on regularly increasing
during the last five years, the amount imported
during the last year being three times the
amount imported in 1861.
There is among lawyers, I believe, what is
called "answering aside." Now, the gentle-
man makes, as he claims, a triumphant defense
by the production of some figures in reference
to a matter to which I did not refer; but he
takes special care .to make no reference what-
ever to the statement with which I confronted
him.
Mr. MORRILL. I merely wish to say that
whether my remarks were an appropriate an-
swer to the gentleman from Ohio I leave for
the House to determine.
Now, Mr. Chairman, in relation to this arti-
cle, the withdrawal of the right to a drawback
upon the export of the oil-cake will make a
difference against the eastern crushers of three
or four cents per gallon. The fact that until
1861 we always allowed a duly of nearly twice
as much upon the oil as we did upon the seed
shows what the idea of Congress has been on
this subject for more than thirty or forty years.
All I now desire to do is merely to wash my
own hands in reference to this matter.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I hope that the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means has
washed his hands for this time, henceforth, and
forever. I hope that,hereafter he will let our
agriculturists alone and will confine himself
to other matters. I have nothing more to say.
[Laughter.]
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
•to amend,by inserting after the words "lin-
seed," "flaxseed," and "hempseed," re-
spectively, the word "oil." As the paragraph
now stands the language is, I think, somewhat
ambiguous.
Mr. MORRILL. I suggest that it would be
better to strike out the word "oil" after the
word "rapeseed" and to insert before the word
"linseed" the words "oil of;" so that the
clause will read " on oil of linseed, flaxseed,
hempseed, rapeseed," &c.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I modify
my amendment as suggested by the gentleman
from Vermont.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On nitric ether, spirits of, one dollar per pound.
Mr. MORRILL. I am directed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to move to amend
by adding " on nitrate of soda, one half cent
per pound."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. I move
to amend by adding the words '' and on muriate
of potash, ten per cent, ad valorem
Mr. MORRILL. If the gentleman will say
"fifteen per cent." I will not object.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. Then I
modify my amendment by striking out "ten"
and inserting "fifteen."
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to amend by in-
serting after the amendment just adopted the
following:
On soda-ash and silicate of soda, one and one half
cent per pound.
On carbonate of soda, exceeding ninety-five per
cent, in purity, two cents per pound.
On sal-soda, two and one half cents per pound.
On caustic-soda, bicarbonate of soda, and alumin-
ate of soda, three cents per pound.
It will be observed, Mr. Chairman, that this
amendment embraces tlj£ article of soda and
its correlatives. I would have hoped to ob-
tain the support of the honorable chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means for this
proposition, involving, as it does, a very im-
