1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
17M
tion of law. This is a very serious charge to
be made against such a high and distinguished
public functionary as the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, and that, too, by a gentleman occupying,
to say the least of it, a subordinate position.
But the committee were satisfied, there was
not a doubt resting on their minds, as to the
legality of the case, and even if a question
might have been raised as to delicacy and pro-
priety, certainly this House is not the place to
determine it. It certainly does not become this
House, when a large edition of this volume on
manufactures isalreadypublishedand circulated
to the country, to assume to say that the pref-
ace shall be expurgated in the forthcoming edi-
tion and another substituted, when that preface
was placed there by the order of him to whom
the charge was given, in strict conformity, not
only with rigid law, but with resolutions of the
House of Representatives and Senate.
The committee merely ask to be discharged
from the further consideration of the subject;
and I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved ihat the motion to reconsidcr be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
smithsonian library.
On motion of Mr. HAYES, by unanimous
consent, bill of the Senate No. 210, to provide
for the transfer of the custody of the library of
the Smithsonian Institution to the Library of
Congress, was taken from the Speaker's table
and read a first and second time.
Mr. HAYES. The Committee on the Library
recommend the passage of the bill.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time and
passed. ,
Mr. HAYES moved to reconsider the vote
by which it was passed; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
new york contested election.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to state that it was
my intention to call up to-day the contested-
clcction case of Dodge vs. Brooks, but at the
request of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Makkhai.i,,"] my colleague on the committee,
I postpone it until to-morrow. If the House
is willing to take it up to-morrow, I should like
to call it up immediately alter the reading of
the Journal, or, if a morning hour is desired,
immediately after the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state
that the call of committees is progressing very
slowly indeed.
Mr. PA WES. Then I will call it up after
the morning hour.
purchase of paper, etc.
Mr. GRINNELL, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution:
Brmlveil, That the Committee on PrintinK be re-
quested to report to this House what reforms, it any.
arc needed in the purchase of paper, the ordering ot
books, documents, hills, and oihermatters printed at
the public expense, in the management of the Print-
in" Office, for the collection and sale of the waste pa-
per either at said office or in any other place under
the control of the Government, or in anything con-
nected with the consumption of paper and the pur-
chase of the same; and to this end, they are hereby
empowered to send for persons, books, and papers,
and to make such examination as shall, in theirjudtr-
mcnt be necessary to. attain the end hereby sought,
with authority to sit during the sessions ot the House.
Mr. GRINNELL. I wish simply to state
that I know from letters which I have received
that the country is looking with great interest
to this question of the reduction of the ex-
penses of printing. I did not see any way m
which to get at this matter but to require the
Committee on Printing to investigate the sub-
ject and report. I know there is a public de-
mand for an investigation. I now yield to the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Lafi.ix.J _
Mr. LAFLIN. i certainly cannot allow this
resolution to be adopted without first inquir-
ing of my friend from Iowa [Mr. Grinnell]
whether there is any intention by the intro-
duction of this resolution to reflect upon any
one in any way connected with the Government
Printing Office, or any one connected with the
purchase or sale of paper.
Mr. GRINNELL. 1 wish to say, in reply to
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Laflm,]
that I know of nothing against the Superin-
tendent of Public Printing, or against the pur-
chase of paper, or against any expenditures
whatever m that department. But it is whis-
pered about by gentlemen on the other side
of the House that they will show us some-
thing one of these days. Now, we have com-
mittees which can investigate these matters,
and the other side of the House has a member
upon this committee. Now, I do not wish to
have afire in the rear after we have gone home.
Let us have the investigation now ; let the
committee be empowered to send for persons
and papers, so that they can recommend any
contraction or reduction of the expense that
they may deem necessary. But I have no
imputation to cast upon any one.
Mr. LAFLIN. I am very glad to hear the
statement of my friend from Iowa, for it agrees
entirely with what has been my experience, so
far as I have been called upon to investigate
the subject referred to in the resolution.
I should dislike very much to have this res-
olution go before the world without some ex-
planation of the kind which lias alreadybeen
made by the gentleman who introduced it. I
felt it due to a faithful officer that such an ex-
planation should be made. For as I have
become acquainted with the duties and respon-
sibilities connected with the Printing Office, as
I have observed that it involves the expendi-
ture of over $2,000,000 a year, I have felt that
the Government of the United States was prac-
ticing a most niggardly economy in paying the
Superintendent of Public Printing such a mis-
erable pittance in the way of a salary. Now,
I am very glad indeed that no reflection is
intended to be cast upon this officer.
And I wish to say another thing: if this
investigation is to be ordered by this House, it
will impose a burden upon our committee which
we cannot perform m connection with our
other duties unless we have some assistance.
And if this resolution is adopted, I shall ask
the House to furnish us a clerk for the pur-
pose of this investigation.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. We already
have a stenographic clerk.
Mr. GRINNELL. I now call the previous
question. .
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Will the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Grixxell] yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. GRINNELL. I will yield for a ques-
tion. . .
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to make a suggestion. I suppose the gentle-
man from Iowa [Mr. Grjxnell] would not
have offered this resolution for investigation
unless he had some warrant for so doing._ I
agree with that gentleman that if an investiga-
tion is to be had it should lie had at once by
those who are here, and not bv those who may
come after us, who are not familiar with the
subject-matter to be investigated. And I am
glad to know that so_good a gentleman as the
member from Iowa will act as chairman of that
committee. I hope he will use his influence
with the Speaker of the House to secure a ma-
jority of the committee in favor of a thorough
and complete investigation; a majority adveise
to any process of white-washing, which may at
this time bo sought by the parties implicated.
Mr. GRINNELL. 'The gentleman entirely
misapprehends the resolution. It does not
provide for the appointment of a special com-
mittee, but calls upon the Committee on Print-
ing to investigate and report to the House. ^ -I
certainly should not have offered any resolution
with the idea of being chairman of any com-
mittee.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I sup-
posed it was the intention to have a new com-
mittee. I have myself entire confidence in the
Committee on Printing. And I may be allowed
to express the hope that they will make their
investigation a complete and thorough one, be-,
cause the people of the country believe there
is soineLhing wrong about this matter, and it
should be settled at once whether there be or
not. If these gentlemen are conducting the
printing department with economy and probity
they should have the benefit of that statement
before the country. If, on the contrary, they
are extravagant and without full warrant for
their proceedings, then the corrective should be
promptly applied by this House.
Mr. GRINNELL. As this provides only
for an investigation, and not for the creation
of a select committee, I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. LATHAM. Can the resolution be now
modified?
The SPEAKER. Only by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. LATHAM. It ought to be a joint reso-
lution and referred to the J oint Committee on
Public Printing.
Mr. GRINNELL. I object to that.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. GRINNELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider bo
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
tax upon crude petroleum.
Mr. MYEBS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted a joint resolution of the Legislature of
Pennsylvania for the repeal of the tax on crude
petroleum; which was referred to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, and ordered to be
printed.
leave 03? absence.
On motion of Mr. SCOFIELD, leave of ab-
sence was granted to Mr. Barker for four days
from to-day.
Mr. KELLEY asked and obtained leave of
absence for ten days for his colleague, Mr.
Williams.
Mr. BENJAMIN asked and obtained leave
of absencc for two weeks for his colleague.,
Mr. Anderson.
On motion of Mr. COOK, leave of absence
was granted to Mr. lvuYKEXDALi.fortwo weeks
from to-day.
bridge across tiie mississippi.
On motion of Mr. HOGAN, Senate bill No.
38, to authorize the construction of_ a bridge
across the Mississippi river, at the city of St.
Louis, in the State of Missouri, and the city
of East St. Louis, in the State of Illinois, was
taken from the Speaker'stable, read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. HOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was referred ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
organization of the house.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, by unanimous con-
sent, submitted the following resolution, on
which lie demanded the previous question:
Resolve!, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
instructed to inquireinto the expediency of so amenii-
iiiK ebapterone hundred and eight of thelaws of iBe3,
entitled "An act to regulate tho duties of tho Clerk
of tho House of Representatives m preparing for its
organization." as to designate, m case of the death,
relation, or inability of thfc Clerk to perform tho
duties prescribed m organizing the House, the per
son on whom the duties of Clerk m such a contin-
gency shall devolve.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the.resolution was adopted.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was adopted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
