1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
243
39th Cojsrcf... .1st Sess.
Badicalism and Reconstruction—Mr. Sitgreaves.
Ho. of Reps.
use of its powers, the people, whose creature it is,
must appeal to the standard they have formed, and
take such measures to redress the injury done to the
Constitution as the exigency may suggest and pru-
dence justify. The propriety of a law, in a constitu-
tional light, must always be determined by the nature
of the powers upon whichitis founded. Suppose that
by some forced construction of its authority—which,
indeed, cannot easily be imagined—the Federal Le-
gislature should attempt to vary the law of descent
in any State, would it not be evident, in making such
an attempt, it had exceeded its jurisdiction and in-
fringed upon that of the State ? Suppose, again, that
upon a pretense of an interference with its revenue,
it should undertake to abrogate a land tax imposed
by the authority of a State, would not it be equally
evident that this was an invasion of that concurrent
jurisdiction in respect to this species of tax which the
Constitution plainly supposes to exist in the State
governments?"
In the same number of the Federalist, page
145, is this passage:
"Though a law, therefore, laying a tax for the use
of the United States, would be supreme in its nature,
and could not be legally opposed or controlled, yet a
law abrogating or preventing the collection of a tax
laid by the authority of a State (unless upon imports
and exports) would not be the supreme law of the
land, but a usurpation of a power not granted by the
Constitution."
Mr. Madison wrote No. 39, and on page 178
it says:
"But if the Government be national with regard
to the operation of its powers (acting individually
and personally on all citizens composing the nation)
it changes its aspect again when we contemplate it
in relation to the extent of its powers. The idea of
a national Government involves in it not only an
authority over the individual citizen, but an indefi-
nite supremacy over all persons and things, so far as
they arc objects of lawful government. Among a
people consolidated into one nation this supremacy
is completely vested in the national Legislature.
Among communities united for particular purposes
it is vested partly in the general and partly in the
municipal Legislatures. In the former case all local
authorities are subordinated to thesupreme, andmay
be controlled, directed, or abolished by it at pleasure.
In the latter the local or municipal authorities form
distinct and_ independent parties of the supremacy,
no more subject, within their respective spheres, to
the general authority than the general authority is
subject, to those within its ownsphere. In this relation,
then, the proposed Government cannot be deemed a
national one, since its jurisdiction extends to certain
enumerated objects only, and leaves to the several
States a residuary and inviolable sovereignty over
all other objects. It is true that in controversies re-
lating to the boundary between the two jurisdictions
tho tribunal which is ultimately to decide is to be
established under the General Government. But this
does not change the principle of tlio case. Tho de-
cision is to beimpartiallymadeaccordingtotherules
of tho Constitution."
This authority is surely sufficient to refute
the position that the States have no sovereignty.
Mr. President, the radicals have a definite
policy, which is palpable to the whole country.
Its paramount object is their continuance in
office and power, and the chief means, negro
suffrage, new States to be formed of Territo-
ries having but a modicum of population—•
rotten-borough States—and to exclude the
southern States from all participation in the
Government as long as practicable, but at all
hazards until after the next congressional and
presidential elections. Their machinery is
a perpetual howl for justice and protection
to "the loyal citizens of African descent,''
Freedmen's Bureau, civil rights bill, negro
suffrage to be urged in every form, the mem-
bers from the southern States to be excluded
from Congress, tinkering with tho Constitu-
tion, all constitutional right that is possible
to be withheld from the southern people, and
they to be oppressed and harassed in every
mode by the omnipresent Freedmen's Bureau,
to goad them to speeches, newspaper publi-
cations, and acts of indiscretion and violence,
for the purpose of having a pretext to con-
tinue over them a military and civil regime
that outrages every principle of constitutional
law, right, and liberty. But this terrible game
is about being "played out." Let gentlemen
take notice! that it is the deliberate, firm, and
unalterable purpose of the American people
that every loyal Senator and Representative.
of tho southern States to the next Congress
shall be admitted to his seat, and that every
southern State shall vole in the next presiden-
tial election, and that the candidate who re-
ceives a majority of the electoral votes of all
the States shall fill that office.
I, sir, am for the maintenance of the invio-
lability of the Constitution, and the prompt re-
dress and reparation of every infraction of it.
I wish the United States and the States each
to be in the undisturbed possession and exer-
cise of all the sovereignty and powers which
it accords to them, no more no less, and so of
every department of the G-overnment. I am
the defender of the Government of the United
States, of the States, of any department or
officer that maybe unjustly assailed; and when
their position is changed to that of the aggress-
or, I then become an opponent. On this gen-
eral principle I have heretofore endeavored to
act throughout my humble political career,
and in the future I will not swerve from it,
come what may to me. I voted against Mr.
Johnson because in the then condition of the
country I was opposed to his political position ;
but I am now one of his supporters. By the
providence of God, and the Constitution, he
has been called to the Presidency; and none
of his predecessors were ever surrounded by so
many and such stupendous difficulties. But
he seems to be the man for the occasion; and
his ability, resources, courage, and patriotism
have developed to meet its great demands.
He is literally "to the best of his ability" striv-
ing "to preserve, protect, and defend the Con-
stitution of the United States" against those
who would destroy it, the radicals of Congress;
and if this ark which holds the rights and lib-
erties of the American people is to be rescued
and saved, he will be one of the chief instru-
ments in the great work, and his glory and
fame will be deathless.
Radicalism and Reconstruction.
SPEECH OF HON. C. SITGEEAVES,
op new jersey,
Ix the House of Representatives,
June 16, 1866.
[The Speaker stated there were several gentlemen
who wished to speak, but were precluded by the
closing of the debate on the state of the Union,
and if there were no objection they could hand their
speeches to the reporters to be printed in the Globe.
There was no objection, and it was ordered accord-
ingly.]
Mr. SITGREAVES. Mr. Speaker, from the
hour that the guns of Fort Sumter inaugurated
"the great rebellion," through the alternate
defeat and success of our arms on a hundred
battle-fields, when the capital was beleagured
by hostile armies, and, in the apprehension of
many patriots, the sun of our national exist-
ence was about to set in darkness forever, I
never doubted for a moment the final triumph
of the Union. I saw the freemen of the North
united as one man in a firm resolve to main-
tain the compacts of the Constitution. I heard
the declarations of the press that the Union
must remain one and indivisible forever. I
heard the representatives of tho people in Con-
gress declare by solemn resolution—
"That this war is not waged on our part in any
spirit of oppression, nor for any purpose of con-
quest or subjugation, nor purpose of overthrowing
or interfering with the rights or established insti-
tutions of those States, but to defend and maintain
the supremacy of the Constitution and to preserve
the Union with all the dignity, eauality, and rights
of the several States unimpaired."
I saw the T)emocrat and Republican, the
farmer and mechanic, the professional man and
the laborer, gather from every hill and valley
of the North and march side by side to the res-
cue of the imperiled Republic, bearing 1' the
old flag," determined that not a star should be
torn from that glorious symbol of the Union,
and resolved to maintain its entirety or to die
in its defense ; but above all I felt that the God
of Washington smiled upon our cause, and that
the same holy fire of 1770 which He implanted
in the bosoms of our fathers still glowed in the
hearts of their sons. Such were my feelings
through that long and bloody war and up to
the time that I took my seat on the floor of
this_House. Imagine, then, Mr. Speaker, my
feelings of astonishment and sorrow when I
heard the majority of this House, and mem-
bers on this floor, professing to represent the
people, declare that the Union was not restored,
and never should be unless upon conditions so
degrading as could be adopted only by a peo-
ple whose servile necks were fitted for the yoke
of despotic power. Sir, when I heard mem-
bers talk of reconstruction instead of restora-
tion ; when I see week after week during this
long session amendment after amendment pro-
posed to the Constitution ; when I see the most
important constitutional questions affecting the,
rights of the States and the dearest interests,
of the people passed with less discussion than
an ordinary measure of finance at a town meet-
ing, or an alteration of the rules of a debating
elub ; when I see the influence of radical ideas,
among the people, I would tremble for my
country and despair of the perpetuity of the
Republic had I not an abiding faith in the wis-
dom, justice, and mercy of the God of our
fathers.
Mr. Speaker, why is this? Why is it, when
from the outset of the rebellion our whole peo-
ple have declared with one voice that no State
could or should put itself out of the Union,
either by peaceable secession or force of arms ?
Why is it that when to maintain this declara-
tion our soldier-sons have poured out their
blood as no soldiers have ever poured out their
blood in the history of nations? Why is it
that when the people of the insurgent States,
defeated in the trial by battle to which they
appealed, yield up their theories of secession
and ask to take their old place under the flag
of the Union? Why is it that when that in-
corruptible patriot, Andrew Johnson, wielding
the executive power of the Government, de-
clares that the rebellion has ended, resistance
to constitutional authority ceased, and recom-
mends the immediate admission of their rep-
resentatives that we may be onee more a uni-
ted people, with one Constitution, one interest,
one destiny, that this Congress says "No?"
Let us examine some of the principal rea-
sons alleged for this strange, unnatural re-
sponse.
1. We are told that "they have committed
treason ; that they still nourish the heresy of
secession in their hearts, and therefore they
cannot be intrusted with the ballot, for the
ballot in their hands would be used to destroy
the Constitution and the Union."
Mr. Speaker, this objection states two facts
or truisms with which 1 most cordially agree:
first, that the South has committed treason;
and second, that heterodox ideas are danger-
ous. Sir, ideas are everything in a republic.
Ideas make and repeal laws and constitutions.
Ideas make wars, rebellions, and revolutions,
both in Church and State, and every true pa-
triot and Christian will denounce heterodox
ideas as the foes of God and man. The' idea
of sectionalism promulgated by radicals North
and South for different reasons, but to effect
the same result, has been the euise of this Re-
■public; for thirty years the accursed idea of
secession, the dangliterof sectionalism, war. pro-
mulgated by the southern radical until it grew
strong enough to bathe the land with fraternal
blood.
For thirty years sectional ideas, in conse-
quence of slavery, sustained by British emissa-
ries and British gold, have been promulgated
by the northern radical until it culminated in
the same bloody result. The fires of secession
in the South have been quenched in that blood.
The fires of sectionalism in the North are still
fanned by the northern radical in hate, and fed
by the fuel of vengeance in the vain hope that
he may succeed in kindling a flame which may
destroy the Constitution and Union of our
fathers. The ideas now so dangerous to the
