1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
. 659
propose to strike out the entire Senate bill. It
is in order to perfect the Senate bill before
striking it out.
Mr. SMITH. I move to amend the Senate
bill by,adding at the end of the last section the
following words:
Provided, That none of the pnmsions of this act
shall extend to, or be enforced in, the State of Ken-
tucky.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
condition of the question.
The gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Smith.]
to perfect the original Senate bill, moves to
amend it by exempting the State of Kentucky
from its operation. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, chairman of the select, committee
on freedmen, moves to amend the Senate bill
by striking it all out and inserting a substitute
which will lie reported before the vote is taken.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
vens] moves to amend the substitute by striking
it all out and inserting another substitute. The
first question will be upon the amendment of
the gentleman from Kentucky, to perfect the
original bill. The next question will be upon
the motion of the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia to amend the amendment of the gentleman
from Massachusetts. The next question will
be upon the amendment of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, who proposes a substitute for
the Senate bill. If that should prevail, the
question will then be upon ordering the bill to
a third reading.
Mr. SMITH. I call the 3*eas and nays upon
my amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suggest
to the gentleman from Massachusetts that, as
it will be necessary to take votes on three or
four different propositions before the bill can
be disposed of. and as that will detain us to six
o'clock, we allow the bill to go over until the
morning.
Mr. ELIOT. I do not object, if that be the
wish of the House.
EVENING SESSIONS.
Mr. STEVENS submitted the following res-
olution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That on and after this day, until other-
wise oidered, the House will take a recess daily at
four o'clock and thirty minutes p. m., to meet again
at seven o'clock and thirty minutes p. 111., tor debate
only in the Committee of the Whole 011 the President's
message.
PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS IX MISSOURI.
On motion by Mr-. THAYER, by unanimous
consent, Senate bill i\o. ;>(i, to quiet doubts in
relation to the validity of certain locations of
land in the State of Missouri, made by virtue
of certificates issued under act of Congress of
February 1", 1815, was taken from the Speak-
er's tabie, read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
The hour of half-past four o'clock p. m.
having arrived, the Speaker stated that the
House, under an order recently adopted, would
take a recess until seven o'clock and thirty
minutes p. m.
EVENING STKSTOX.
The Housereassembled at seven o'clock and
thirty minutes p. m., (Mr. Htoby in the Chair
as Speaker pro tempore.) and resumed, as^ in
the Committee of the Whole, the consideration
of the President's annual message, 011 which
Mr. Hubbell, of Ohio.was entitled to the floor.
reconstruction.
Mr. IIUBBELL, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman,
history is said to be philosophy teaching by
example. In the annals of the human race
till' past five years of our own country will
contain greater and sublimer lessons^ for the
instruction of mankind than will be found in
any other period of the same, duiation since
the time when history commenced its record.
In martial prowess and military achievements
the great wars of iNapoleon, commencing with
his Italian campaign in 179(5, and continuing
down to the battle of Waterloo, in 1815, which
terminated the career of that wonderful man,
who shook the earth as with the "throes of an
earthquake," bore no comparison with those of
our own country in the recent rebellion. In
this .war, dark, bloody, and fratricidal, count-
less millions of treasure and thousands of the
most valuable lives, mostly among the middle-
aged and young, have been cruelly and wan-
tonly sacrificed. Surely our losses have been
great, but how incalculably greater have been
our compensations. For every sorrow there is
a consolation, and for,every grief there is a joy.
As at Marathon, Yorktown, and Waterloo, in
this terrible conflict of arms, the cause of jus-
tice, humanity, and liberty has been successful.
In this sea of blood, wantonly shed, from the
nation's escutcheon the dark stain of slavery
has been washed away forever. A race of four
million people, downtrodden and oppressed,
the victims of the most unrelenting despotism,
have been made free and restored to the rights
of manhood. Upon the accession to the Presi-
dency of the late President Lincoln there was
no disposition 011 the part of any considerable
portion of those mainly instrumental in his
election to interfere with the peculiar institu-
tion in the States where it existed. Their only
purpose was to arrest its further extension ; and
but for the rebellion this institution might have
continued for a hundred years, or for an indefi-
nite period of time. In all human probability,
within the short period of fifty years the aggre-
gate amount of human happiness will be much
greater than it would have been if the war had
not occurred. Indeed, mysterious and jfast find-
ing out are the ways of Providence. I11 the face
of rapine, murder, and civil war, we dare not
approve the events through which our country
has just passed. In the face of emancipation
and universal freedom to all men and all races
we dare not condemn. So interwoven are the
providences of Coil in the affairs of men that
there are actions in human conduct of which
human tribunals are incompetent to judge.
When we look back at the condition of those
before the war whose wicked counsel originated
and whose mad ambition led the people of the
so-called confederate States into the whirlpool
of rebellion and civil war, and when we retlect
how frantic with fury and madness they were,
both those who led and those who followed, we
can only account for their strange and suicidal
conduct upon the supposition that communities
and nations, like individuals, have their parox-
ysms of passion and insanity. How terrible
have been their sufferings, how unprovoked
was the rebellion, and how awfully sublime has
been the retribution !
Prior to the war, for thirty years, with the
exception of short intervals, the political power
of the Government was controlled by that sec-
tion that attempted to establish the so-called
■'confederate States of America." The lead-
ers of the rebellion were the great barons and
constituted the aristocracy of our countiy. They
monopolized in the Senate, in the Cabinet, and
in the field everyplace of honor and emolument.
Jn all sectional and political controversies they
were successful. 'Their treason, in the vain
attempt to destroy our Government, has c-on-
j verted their opulence into poverty: their States
I have been desolated by war; their families and
| kindred have been slain in battle, and the pe-
culiar institution whose area and powei it was
their purpose to enlarge and strengthen lias
been utterly andfon-verde>troyed. Executive
clemency alone cai: save them from exile, the
prison, and the scaffold. In view of their trea-
son and horrid crimes, who can say that this
terrible retribution is not just, or that this
punishment is not merited?
In the treatment of a conquered enemy or a
fallen foe, sound philosophy and the principles
, of the Christian religion alike inculcate mag-
' nanimity as a duty 011 the part of the victors as
| well as a cardinal virtue.
! Mr. Chairman, 1 now proceed to the diseus-
j sion of the subject more immediately under
I consideration. The discussion of the Presi-
dent's message has assumed.a wide range. It
is impossible that it should have been other-
wise; for the message embraces subjects the
most momentous that ever occupied the thoughts
of a deliberative body of men.
While the policy of the Administration in its
efforts to reorganize civil Governments in the
so-called "confederate States of America" is
indorsed by the country, and cordially and
earnestly approved by the loyal Union, men,
there are those who misapprehend, in myjudg-
ment, its principles and doubt its wis,dom.
Mr. Chairman, we are now enjoying the light
of what may be considered the bright day of
the Republic; the military power of the rebel-
lion has been broken; the resources of the con-
federate States have been exhausted; among
the masses the spirit of insurrection has been
subdued, and the leaders are either in exile or
captivity or at the feet of the Executive, suppli-
cants for mercy.
That we may the better understand the path
of duty, as well as the policy, justice, and wisdom
may indicate, it might not be unprofitable for
us to go back in our history to what may be con-
sidered the dark day of the Republic. On the
first Monday of December, lbOS, the Thirty-
Eighth Congress convened in this Capitol. Upon
its immediate organization a powerful minority
party appeared in the House of Representatives
hostile to the national Administration, more or
less in sympathy with the rebellion, and repre-
senting a constituency extending throughout
the lo^al States with sentiments and views in
harmony with their own. Every measure pro-
posed by the Administration party to strengthen
the financial or military condition of the coun-
try was denounced and assailed by this party as
unconstitutional and oppressive. T1T6 rebels,
elated by their victories, were confident of suc-
cess, and everywhere the war for the preserva-
tion of the Union and the suppression of the
rebellion was pronounced a failure. The perils
of our situation were grjpv enhanced by dif-
ferences of opinion among Union men upon the
presidential question. In the then alarming
and perilous condition of the country President
Lincoln, on the fcth day of December of that
year, issued his proclamation of amnesty and
pardon, and proposed liis plan for the recon-
struction of order and civil government in the
rebel States. The purpose of the President in
his proffered pardon was to weaken the power
of the rebellion by inducing the insurgents to
abandon the bogus government of the so-called
"southern confederacy" and return to their
proper allegianee to the Government. Good
faith 011 the part of those in authority, and espe-
cially the Chief Magistrate of a great nation, is
always required. This proclamation of prof-
fered mercy was nnrescinded and in full torce
on the 14th of April, 18G5, the day ofhis assas-
sination.
I now propose to call the attention of the
committee to some of the principal fea^ires of
the amnesty proclamation of President Lincoln.
The preamble recites the provision of the Con-
stitution of the United States declaring that
the President "shall have power to grant re-
prieves and pardons for offenses against the
United States, except in cases of impeach-
ment," makes a brief allusion to the laws of
Congress, " declaring forfeitures and confisca-
tion of property and liberation of slaves, all
upon terms and conditions therein stated, and
also declaring that the President was thereby
authorized at any time thereafter by proclama-
tion to extend to persons who may have par-
ticipated in the exiting rebellion, in any State
or part, thereof, pardon andamnesty, with such
exceptions, and at such times, and on such
conditions as lie may deem expedient for the
public welfare.'' The preamble then concludes
with this important averment:
" "Whereas it is now desired Itv some persons here-
tofoi'C en^accd 111 >*<1*1(1 rebellion (o l'^uiue theu ;xlie—
giarice to the Statos and vpmnu'.'tfrxie lo.val
iSlate governments within and ier theii lcspcetive
By reference to this part of the preamble it
is plain to be seen that the President had in
view two objects to accomplish: first, to weaken
