1806.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2683
the Whole, debate on the paragraph under
consideration be terminated in five minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF PROCEEDING TO-MORROW.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that to-morrow be
appropriated to the usual debate on the Pres-
ident's message.
The motion was agreed to.
TAX BILL AGAIN.
Mr. MORRILL moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself in>to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Dawes in the chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of the special order, being a bill of the
House (No. 513) to amend an act entitled "An
act to provide internal revenue to support the
Government, to pay interest on the public debt,
and for other purposes," approved June 30,
1864, and acts amendatory thereof.
Mr. SPALDING. I canmiot agree with my
colleague from Ohio, [Mr. Lawrexce,] if I
understand him correctly, that this paragraph is
within the scope of our legislative power; and
I cannot agree with the learned gentleman
from the Syracuse district, of New York, [Mr.
Davis] that we have power, as the Congress
of the United States, to make this legislation
operative upon the people of the different
States. Now, although we can exert the high
and sovereign power of taxation, for all neces-
sary purposes for our Government, yet we can-
not go into the States and change individual
contracts there under the laws of the State.
If I have a contract for mv gas under the laws
of the State of Ohio, the price being limited by
the laws of that State to so much per thousand
cubic feet, I would like to know what law of
Congress can reach me in Ohio, and make mo
pay a higher rate than I have agreed with the
gas company to pay.
Now, this provision, which it is sought by
this motion to strike out, simply provides that
all gas companies shall be authorized to add
the tax imposed by law to the price per thou-
sand cubic feet on the gas sold by them.
It is said that this will act as a hardship in
States where the price of gas is limited. If so,
it is an indirect means of doing away with the
laws of such States. We must impose taxes
to the extent we deem necessary, and then leave
it for the different State Legislatures to apply
the remedy. If they find that they have re-
stricted their gas companies so as to make this
tax too onerous for them, they themselves will
agree that the tax may be added to the contract
price. JBut 1 hold that we cannot do it. I am
so much a '* State-rights man" that I hold to
that doctrine. I believe, if I know anything
about the laws and Constitution of my country,
that we have no right to go into the States and
legislate in this way. That is my objection to
the amendment.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I withdraw the
amendment to the amendment.
The question recurred on the amendment
proposed by Mr. Lawrence, of Ohio, and
being put, it was disagreed to.
The question then recurred on Mr. Steven's
motion to strike out the entire clause ; and
being put. it was agreed to.
Mr. HOTCHIvlSS. I move, in line eight-
een hundred and forty-six, to strike out the
word "ten'' and insert in lieu thereof "five."
I do it for the benefit of the small companies,
which the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means has conceded cannot live under the
present tax.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On illuminating, lubricating, or other minor;iloi)s,
marking not less than thirty-six nor more than fittv-
nine degrees Bautne's hydrometer, the product of the
distillation, redistillation, orrefining: of crude petro-
leum, iwenty e,onts per gallon; and all eonl oils be-
tween the specific gravity, by tho Bourne's teat, of
thirty-six and fifty-nine degree?, inclusive, shall be
deemed refined illuminating coal oil, and any person
or persons who, for purposes of sale or consumption,
shall mix any of the heaviest paiaffine oils with the
refined illuminating oils, or with the naphtha, or
either one with the other, shall be deemed manufac-
ture^ of coal oil, and must be duly taxed as such, and
said oil thus mixed, cither with or without further
distillation, shall pay the tax of illuminating.rcfined
eoal oil, if after said mixing or distillation said oils
mark by Baume's hydrometer between said points
of thirty-six and fifty-nine degrees.
Mr. MORR.ILL. I move to strike out all
after the word "gallon" in line eighteen hun-
dred and eighty-two down to the end of the
paragraph, and to insert in lieu thereof the fol-
lowing:
And all such oils between the specific gravity by
Baume's test of thirty-six and fifty-nine degrees, in-
clusive. shall be deemed refined illuminating oil, and
any person or persons who, for purposes of sale or
consumption, shall mix any of the heavier paraffine
oils with illuminating oil, or with naphtha, or cither
one with the other, shall be deemed a manufacturer
of illuminating oil, and taxed as such, and said oil
thus mixed, either with or without further distilla-
tion,shall be subject to a tax of twenty cents pergal-
lon, if after said mixing or distillation the product
marks by Baume's hydrometer between the said
points of thirty-six and fifty-nine degrees inclusive.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to strike out inline
eighteen hundred and eighty-two the word
"twenty," and to insert "ten" in lieu thereof;
and also to strike out the word "twenty" in
the amendment just adopted and to insert
"ten" in lieu thereof.
Mr. Chairman, when this tax upon rock oil
was imposed two years ago, ten cents a gallon
was the amount fixed upon it. It was consid-
ered at that time a very high tax ; and, as com-
pared with the tax imposed upon gas, it would
be a very high tax now. Last year the tax was
doubled. My amendment proposes to go back
to the tax first levied upon this article two
years ago, and place it at ten cents per gallon.
If you make it twenty cents a gallon, you make
it more than double the tax imposed on any
other illuminating substance by this bill. In
the clause that immediately follows the tax on
coal oil is only ten cents per gallon, and the
tax on the same amount of light derived from
gas is not more than half the amount of the
tax imposed on this substance.
We must remember that this is an article
consumed altogether by the poorer classes of
society; and that it is in itself a moralizer
and enemy of vice and crime. I think the
committee ought to consent that this tax upon
light should be reduced to ten cents per gallon.
For one, I would make the tax upon light so
low that the humblest dwelling of the poorest
man in the land could be made cheerful and
nice: so that when he returns from his day's
labor, instead of stopping at the gas-lit gro-
cery he may come home, having a few cents left
with which to purchase a paper, and sit down,
and look upon the questions pending before
Congress, so that he may censure by his vote
his member if we impose too heavy taxes upon
liim.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope the gentleman will
be content with his motion as we are content
with his speech, and «ill not press it to a vote.
The motion is to reduce the tax on petroleum
one half, and, of course, to reduce the amount
of revenue from that sourcc one half.
It will be recollected that when this tax was
first imposed it was the intention to obtain a
large amount of revenue from this article on the
ground that it was a better and cheaper article
for light than anything else that could be ob-
tained. We have not been deceived in that
respect. It is an article that competes with
everything else. There i« no article that gives a
more beautiful light, neither oil, tallow, nor gas.
t hat can be afforded so cheaply. I must remind
the committee, also, of the fact that we have
already relieved crude petroleum from any tax.
It was exempted by a special bill, and it is also
exempted in this bill. I trust the gentleman
and his constituents will be satisfied with that,
and that this amendment will not prevail.
The question was taken on Mr. Scofield's
amendment, and it was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On illuminating, lubricating, or other mineral oils
marking not less than thirty-six nor more than fifty-
nine degrees Baume's hydrometer, the exclusive prod-
uct of the refining of crude oil produced by a single
distillation of coal, shale, asphaltum, peat, or other
bituminous substance, not otherwise provided for,
ten cents per gallon.
Mr. MOORHEAD. In line eighteen hun-
dred and ninety-eight I move to strike out the
words "a single." Those words are improperly
there and ought to be stricken out.
Mr. GARFIELD. That is right as it stands.
Mr. MORRILL. I am not aware that that
expression is wrong : I have received no infor-
mation but what those words should*remain.
As I understand it, it is right as it is.
Mr. GARFIELD. A single distillation from
eoal is called crude oil. 'lhe point in this
whole paragraph is to levy a lighter tax on oil
produced from coal when refined ; and in order
to make this tax correspond with the tax on
crude petroleum, we say that oil refined from
crude oil made by a single distillation of coal
shall bear a burden of only ten cents per gal-
lon; whereas that refined from crude petro-
leum shall bear a burden, as provided in the
paragraph above, of twenty cents. I think
the paragraph is right as it stands.
Mr. MUOIiHEAD. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
The Clerk read as follows:
On oil, naphtha, benzine, benzole, or gasoline
marking more than fifty-nine decrees Baume's hy-
drometer, the product of the distillation, redistilla-
tion, or refining of crude petroleum, or of crude oil
produced by a single distillation of coal, shale, peat,
asphaltum, or other bituminous substances, a tax of
ten cents per gallon: Provided, That distillers and
refiners of illuminating, lubricating, or other min-
eral oil, naphtha, benzine, benzole, or gasoline, shall
be subject to all the provisions of law applicable
to distillers of spirits, with regard to special taxes,
bonds, returns, assessments, removing to and with-
drawing from warehouses, liens, penalties, draw-
backs, and all other provisions designed for the
purpose of ascertaining the quantity distilled, and
beeurmg the payment of duties so far as the sauie
may, in the judgment of the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue, and under regulations prescribed
by him, be deemed necessary for that purpose.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to amend this
paragraph by adding to it another proviso, as
follows:
Provided farther, That distillers and refiners of
coal or mineral oil, whose production shall not exceed
twenty-five barrels per day on a monthly average,
shall not be required to make returns oitencr than
once in thirty days.
I will explain in a few words the object of
this amendment, which is for the purpose of
accommodating the smaller refiners. As the
law now stands they are required to make a
return once in ten days. Heavy capitalists can
bear that, but the smaller refiners should not,
I think, be required to report oftener than once
in thirty days.
Mr. (jAHFIELD. I think the amendment
of my colleague [Mr. Spaldixg] is a proper
one.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On spirits of turpentine, ten cents per gallon.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
On coffee, roasted, and all articles intended for use
as substitutes for coffee, or for the adulteration of
coffee, and all compounds and mixtures prepared for
sale, or intended for use, as coffee or as a substitute
for coffee when roasted and prepared for sale, but not
ground, whether of domestic manufacture or imported,
a tax of one cent per pound.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out this
paragraph, and insert in lieu thereof the fol-
lowing :
On coffee, roasted or ground, ground fpiees and dry
mustard, and on ail articles intended for use as sub-
stitutes for or as adulterations of coffee, spices, or
mustard, and upon all compounds and mixtures pre-
pared for sale, or intended for u^o or sale as coffee,
spices, or mustard, or as substitutes therefor, one
cent per pound: Provided, That the exemption of
fcl.OOQ of annual value of productions manufactured
shall not njrply t-> anj of the above specified articles.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
On molasses produced from the sugar-cane, and
nut fiom sorghuia or imphee, a tax oi three cents
per gallon.
