3644
THE 00!fCrRESS10N"AL GLOBE.
July 6,
soda-ash feetories as we create foim-deries for
casting large cannon, ownills .for rolling plates
for making iron vessels. It tekes from fifteen
to eigh teen months to get one of these factories
fairly in operation ft'om the foundation up.
Therefore, as my correspondent says, it would
be wise to make out "country-, which contains
all the elements for this manufacture, inde-
pendent of foreign com & Leg, :by pro moting the
manufacture by ourselves.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORRILL, ""For the ptfrposeof termi-
nating 'debate, I move thjat the coihflrTtteerise.
The motion Wias agreed to.'.
So the' ebifrthittee roSe; and the Speaker
havihg resumed the clrair, Mr. ScotTEj-D re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had, according to or-
der, had under consideration bill of the House
No. 718, to provide increased revenue from
imports, and for other purpose^, and had come
to no resolution thereon. #1|
message from- the senate.
A message from the Sewstte, by Mr. McDon-
ald, its Chief Clerk, informed the House that
the Senate had passed bills and a joint resolu-
tion of the House of the following titles, with-
out amendment:
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 179) for the
relief of Edgar T. Harris;
An act (H. R. No. 743] amendatory of an
act entitled "An act granting a pension to Mrs.
Emerance Gouler
An act (H. R. No. 740) for the relief of
•Matilda J. Monroe;
An act (H. R. No. 705) for the relief of
George W. Bash:;
An act (H. R. No. 704) -for the relief of
Joel Farley;
An act (H. R. No. 703) for the relief of
Lieutenant Colonel Frank Lynch;
An act (H. R. No. 700) for the benefit of
John W. Jones;
An act (H. R. No. 699) for the relief of
James L. Perham;
An act (H. R. No. '698),granting an increase
of pension.to Mrs.-Mercie E. Scattergood;
An act (H. R. No. 684) granting a pension
'to Mrs. Mary A. McMamis, widow of Captain
Andrew 'McMamis, late of the sixty-ninth
Pennsylvania volunteer infantry;
> An act (H. R. No. 610) for the relief of Lu-
cinda Gates ;
An act (H..R, No. 495) for the, relief of
Mary A. Patrick;
An act (H. R. No. 464) for the'relief of John
Gordon; and
Ah act (H. R. No. 461) granting a pension
to Ann Shechcy. 1
The message farther announced that the
Senate bad passed House bills of the follow-
ing titles, with amendments, in which the con-
currence of the House was requested:
_ An act (H. R. No. 092) increasing the pen-
sions of widows and orphans, and for other
purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 702) 'granting a petision
to Mrs. Charlotte E. Reed;
An act (H. R. No. 789) for the relief of
Samantha Rader;
An act (H. R. No. 741) granting a pension
to Jonathan W. Beach; and
_An act (H. R. No. 742) for the relief of the
minor children of Salvador Accarli, deceased.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed bills of the following titles
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
• An act (S. No. 79) for the benefit of Peter
Anderson;
An act (S. No. 171) for the relief of Reuben
Clough;
An act (S. No, 354) for the relief of Wil-
liam Croswell;
An act (S. No. 358) granting a pension to
Mrs. Nancy A. Stock';
- No- 85^) for the relief of Hope-
* stall Bigelow, of New Market, New Jersey;
An act (S. No. 366) granting a pension to
Abraham Lansing;
- . An act - (8. No. 376) granting a pension to
Drusey A. Layman;
An act (S. No. 390) granting a pension "to
John Pyle; land
An act'(S. No. 388)<o!r the relief of W. B.
Kelle-y. :
ck&sb of debate.
Mr. MORRILL. I move when the House
shall again resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the' state of tbe Union, all
-debate on the pending section terminate in
throe minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
tariff bill—-again.
'Mr. MORRILL. I move that the rules be
suspended and the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Scovield in the cbair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the special order^ being bill of
the House No. 718, to provide'increased rev-
enue from imports, ana for other purposes.
■ The question was upon" the amendment of
Mr. Kelley to the amendment of Mi'. Wil-
liams.
Mr. MORRILL. I wish to say a single word
more in relation to soda-asli, as it is a subject
of some importance. The gentlemen who sup-
pose that sulphur is used in the manufacture
of this artiele I would state are entirely mis-
taken ; it is not used in the manufacture of .this
article. - And what motive there can be for the
authors of the letter just read.at~the Clerk's
desk to urge ah increase of the duty on it I
cannot see, unless somebody has offered to
supply this article at a certain rate. I do not
say that is so, but I do think there must be
some interested motive at the bottom. And
as wo have raised the duty on salt we have
placed the manufacture in this'country out of
the reach of anybody. It can be manufac-
tured only where salt is obtained at a low rate.
We have placed the duty on salt so high that
it would be utterly impossible to compete with
the manufacturers abroad who Obtain their salt
at a cost of only six or eight cents the bushel.
Mr. KELLEY. I withdraw the amendment
to the amendment.
The question recurred upon the amendment
of Mr. Williams.
Mr. MYERS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting " one cent per pound" in-
stead of "one and a half." lam glad the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
at last recognizes there is so large an interest
in this matter in my district. He failed to
recognize it the other day when he persuaded
the House to vote down my proposition to give
greater protection to the glass manufacture of
that district and the country. I make this
amendment because I think the amendment
of my colleague from the Pittsburg district is
too high. If this new branch of industry in
the United States is not sufficiently protected by
one half cent per pound, I hope the committee
will recur to the part of the bill which we have
passed and afford more protection to the glass
manufacturer. At the suggestion of friends I
withdraw my amendment to permit a vote to
be taken on the amendment of my colleague.
The question recurred on Mr. Williams's
amendment.
The committee.divided; and there were—
ayes 41, noes 40; no quorum voting.
Mr. WILLIAMS demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Williams
and Mr. Morrill were appointed.
Mr. WILLTAMS. I withdraw my amend-
ment, and offer the following:
On soda-ash, silicate of soda, and sal-soda, one
cent per pound.
On bicarbonate and caustic-soda, two cents per
pound.
On aluminate of soda, and on carbonate of soda
over ninety-five per cent, purity, two eentsper pound.
1'he committee divided; and there were—
ayes 35, noes 56; no quorum voting.
Mr. Williams withdrew his amemdment.
The Clerk read :as follows:
1 On red lead* litharge, orange mineral, mineral yel-
low, and all paints or pigments of lead, not other-
wise herein provided for, ferarccnts per pound.
Mr. O'NEILL; I move to make it five cents
per pound; As by the order of the House
debate has closed on those paragraphs I will
send to the Clerk's desk-a letter from one of
my constituents, 'parte of which, marked by
me, I desire should be wad.
The letter was as follows:
"You will notice that the new act increases the
duty on red lead, litharge, and orange mineral, one
■cent per pound; this advantage is entirely counter-
balanced by the increased duty on pig lead of one
cent per pound. In addition to this, dry white lead
is increased twocents per pound; but orange mineral,
which must first be dry white lead, (being manufac-
tured from carbonate of lead and not pig lead direct,)
is only protected one cent, which, as we have said
above, is made of no avail by tho additional duty on
pig lead. This, you will sec at once, shows ignorance
of the chemical nature of the.artieles.
"The white lead interest, including orange min-
eral, needs to sustain it clear three cents per pound
duty over that of pig,lead, and will, as sure as a sun
shines, languish and die out from foreign competi-
tion, should gold fall to anything like par, if the
necessary protection is not granted. The tax on
whisky kills us. If the Government .oppress our
goods in one way they should relieve us against
European markets. Oxides of lead (red lead and
litharge) should have at-least two cents protection
over pig lead. In Europe, as well as probably at the
mines in this country, the ore is first smelted into an
oxide to obtain tho silver before being made into pig
load. What chance have we to compete who have
to buy the pig lead at an additional expense to the
cost of oxide to th€ foreigner?
" These points are very important; they do not
touch only us but an interest in this country, in ap-
paratus, amounting to nearly five million dollars
and employing one thousand operatives."
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out
"orange mineral " and insert "and a half.;''
so it will read "four and a half cents."
The amendment was agreed to.
• The Clerk read as follows:
On saltpeter refined, or partially refined, throo
cents per pound; on.whito -lead, dry or ground in oil,
five cents per pound.
Mr. MORRILL. I' move to insert after
"oil" "orange mineral."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. O'NEILL. I move to increase it from
"five" to "six."
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted. That from and
after the day and year aforesaid, jn lieu of tho duties
heretofore imposed by law on the articles hereinafter'
mentioned, and on such as may now be exempt from
duty, there shall be levied, collected, and paid on the
goods, wares, and merchandise enumerated and pro-
vided for in this section, imported from foreign coun-
tries, the following duties and rates of duty, that is
to say:
On animals, living, all "sorts, thirty per cent, ad
valorem. ,
Mr. STROUSE. I move to strike out
"thirty" and insert " ten." I have not very
actively participated in the debates on this im-
portant bill, not because I did not feel as much
interest as any one here, bijt in order to allay
the general clamor that Pennsylvania was ask-
ing for protection. I have not asked, as a rep-
resentative of the largest coal and iron region,
anything not fair and proper. I think the
committee will take into consideration that we
ought not to legislate for any section or por-
tion of the country.
This is'a most important revenue bill. We,
should take into consideration the great area
and extent of our country. Not because I am .
a Pennsylvanian, nor because I represent a
mineral district, do I ask protection. I am in
favor of the protection of American industry
for all classes, all sections, and all divisions of
our country. We must legislate for the masses
of the people and not for the privileged few.
We are now paying from twenty-five to thirty-
five cents a pound for beef. The laboring man,
is the great sufferer. We import cattle from,
Canada. This is no loss, damage, or prejudice
to our agriculturists. We are on the borden
of the British Provinces, and when we impose,
a duty of ten per cent, in gold on cattle for
slaughter I think we are doing very well. I
