1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
hope the committee will take a liberal view of
this matter and reduce the proposed duty from
thirty to teu per cent., in order that provisions,
the necessaries of life for the poor toiling mil-
lions, may be within their reach.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I am glad that the
gentleman who has offered this amendment
lives in Pennsylvania.
Mr. STBOUSE. I do, and I am proud of it.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I would like to know
what we have not been asked to do for old
Pennsylvania. She has asked us to put up
everything in the world, because she produces
everything. And now the State of Pennsyl-
vania, through her Representatives, asks us to
bring her the provisions she wants from Can-
ada—pork and beef, milk, butter, and honey,
I suppose—to feed her manufacturing people,
while she taxes us for the iron she produces.
[Laughter. ]
Mr. Chairman, I would, as a western man,
have liked to have had the tariff on live animals
thirty-three and one third per cent. That was
about my figure, as a revenue tariff man, for I
will now say that I am for a tariff for revenue,
but after the amount is fixed for revenue, and
we know what we want to raise, then I am
willing to discriminate in favor of the protec-
tion of domestic industry. My figure .was
thirty-three and one third per cent, on live
animals from Canada, but I was cut down to
thirty.
Mr. BINGHAM. You are not cut down
very much yet. [Laughter.]
Mr. WENTWORTH. I am talking about
the committee, and I object to the gentleman
making fun of me. [Laughter.] I hope, in-
deecT I know, that the good sense of the com-
mittee will let this duty remain as it is.
Mr. ROSS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by making it fifty per cent. That is still
below the protection which New England asks
for her manufactures. If it is the policy of
Congress to build around this country a, Chi-
nese wall so as to prohibit the introduction of
articles from other countries, the rule should
apply as well to agricultural products as to
the manufactures of New -England. I' see no
reason why there should not be at least as
much duty placed upon the importation of
stock into this country as upon manufactures.
If the people of New England want to compel
us to purchase the products of their looms and
factories at exorbitant prices, by putting on
them a tariff of from fifty to eighty per cent.,
I see no reason why they should not be eom-
' polled to buy their beef from those who raise
them in this country. I am therefore in favor
of raising the price upon those articles, and if
my amendment is adopted I propose, when we
get to the next article, vegetables, to move to
strike out ten per cent, and make it at least
fifty per cent.
Why, -sir, we have been told repeatedly
during the diseussion that an increase of the
tariff decreases the price of the article to the
consumer. Now, I want to carry out the prin-
ciple in regard to vegetables, and see if % put-
ting on fifty per cent, tariff we cannot reduce
the price. If by putting on a tariff of sixty
per cent, on manufactures the people of the
West get them from New England a great deal
cheaper, why not try it in regard to provis-
ions?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MOORHEAD. I would like to as.k the
gentleman, if he can get this duty on animals
fixed at fifty per cent., will the bill suit him,
then ?
Mr. ROSS. No, sir; I am opposed to the
whole system entirely. I believe in "free
trade and sailors' rights." [Laughter.] I
would prefer that we should have as near free
trade as possible. If we have any tariff it
should be merely a revenue tariff. But as one
of the representatives of the agricultural inter-
est of the country, I will not stand here and
see combinations made by manufacturers far
the purpose of fleecing my constituency with-
out raising my voice in behalf of protecting
their rights here. If gentlemen from the east-
ern and middle States insist that we shall buy
our manufactures exclusively from them, let
them buy their beef and vegetables from us,
and let us close our doors against their bring-
ing in beef and vegetables from Canada.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PIKE. The gentleman from Illinois
' [Mr. Ross] has repeated in five-minute talks
some half dozen times that this is a New Eng-
land tariff and that New England wants pro-
tection for her manufactures. Now, that sim-
ply shows the inattention of the gentleman to
the business of the House. If he had been
here and had attended to the business of the
House for the last week or ten days he would
have known this fact-*  
Mr. ROSS. Does the gentleman mean to
insinuate that I have not been here?
Mr. PIKE, I cannot yield to the gentle-
man ; he will have his turn.
Mr. ROSS. I have been here all the time.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Illinois is out of order and will take his seat.
Mr. PIKE. I say that if the gentleman had
been here attending to the business of the
House—and whether he has been here or not
I cannot say 
Mr. ROSS. I have been here.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is out
of order.
Mr. PIKE. I say he would have seen that,
although many gentlemen on the floor have
been constantly proposing amendments to in-
crease the duties provided for in the report of
the Committee of Ways and Means, but one
New England gentleman has risen hereto pro-
pose an increase, and that was my friend from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] whose propo-
sition was to increase the duty on glassware a
quarter of a cent.
Mr. ROSS. Will the'gentleman permit me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. PIKE. That is the sum total of the
demands of New England.
Mr. ROSS. • I want to ask the gentleman
if he does not know that New England has the
chairmen of twelve of the committees of this
House? [Laughter.]
Mr. PIKE. What of that? Very worthy
chairmen they are, and very properly bestowed
I suppose. I am sure I do not brag of my
position on the committees of this House.
Now, I have to say this, that while New Eng-
land has not asked any increase, she has con-
stantly asked a decrease—constantly. I myself
have several times asked a decrease of these
duties. Other New Englandgentlemen around
me have asked for a decrease of duties. In 110
instance, except the o.ne I have spoken of, has
any New England man asked for an increase.
The gentleman from Illinois knows so little
about this tariff bill as not to know that this is
a western tariff bill, got up for the benefit of
the West, originating in a desire there-to pro-
tect wool, starting there and sweeping from
the West over into Pennsylvania, and going
backward and forward between the West on
the one side and Pennsylvania on the other.
New England is out in the cold. She does not
care to-day "one red" whether this tariff bill
goes over until December or until March next,
or into a distant future.
THere the hammer fell.]
The question was taken 011 Mr. Ross's amend-
ment ; and there were—ayes 20, noes 46; no
quorum voting.
Mr. ROSS. What is the trouble on the other
side of the House? I understood they were
willing to give us protection.
Mr. HARDING-, of Illinois. I have every
reason to believe that the House misunder-
stood the question. I noticed that the protec-
tive gentleman voted against the proposition
of my colleague. [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
The Chair will order tellers.
Messrs. Ross and Dawes were appointed
tellers.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 27, noes 44; no quorum voting.
Mr. ROSS. I withdraw my amendment.
The question recurred upon the amendment
of Mr. Strocse.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the committee
now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. ScoriEU) re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
under consideration the bill of the House (No.
718) to provide increased rwenuefrom imports,
and for other purposes, and had come to no res-
olution thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. ROSS, (at ten
o'clock p. m.,) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c„ were presented undfer
the rule and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. FAltNSWORTH: The petition of E. B.
Gilbert, and others, of De Kalb, Illinois, in favor of
a uniform system of insurance.
By Mr.TIIAYEll: Several petitions for an increase
of the tariff.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, July 7, 1866.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of J.
R. Williams, and others, citizens of New Jer-
sey, praying for an equalization of the bounties
to soldiers in the late war; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer a petition from the
presidents of the fire insurance companies
of the city of Boston, and as it is very brief,
I will read it. They say, "In view of the
great destruction ofproperty so frequently occa-
sioned by the improper use of India crackers
and other imported fire-works, we respectfully
petition your honorable body that a law may
be enacted prohibiting the importation of the
same into any port or place in the United
States." I move the reference of this petition
to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to. #>
tiie tariff bill.
Mr. MORGAN. I present the remonstrance
of the Chamber of Commerce of the State of
New York against the passage of the bill now
before the House of Representatives entitled
"A bill to provide increased revenue from
imports, and for other purposes." Inasmuch
as this bill is soon to come before the Senate,
I shall take the opportunity to call attention
to the subject and to give the views entertained
in regard to it by the New York Chamber of
Commerce.
In tlie first place they represent that the title
of the bill is mistaken. The enhanced duties
it proposes being in many cases so high that
they must prove prohibitory; its adoption can-
not fail to diminish rather than increase the
revenue from imports. The proposed enhance-
ment of duties is chiefly, if not altogether^ on
imported articles which come directly into
competition with similar domestic products,
such for example as iron, woolens, worsted,
and linen. These are all leading articles in
our import trade, and no one familiar with that
trade can doubt that the exorbitant duties to
which this bill proposes to subject them would
greatly diminish their importation, and there-
fore lessen the revenues of the Government.
It appears to the remonstrants impolitic to
lessen the gold revenue of the Government at
a time when our gold liabilities are increasing,'
and it seems especially impolitic to do so coin-
cidently with the abandonment of many of the
existing sources of internal revenue. There is
reason to apprehend that the joint effect of the
two measures may so reduce the revenue of
the Government as to leave the aggregate in-
sufficient to meet its current expenses and
maturing interest and thus weaken the public
credit.
