1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
661
special application may be made to the President for
pardon, by any person belonging to the excepted
classes, and such leniency will be liberally extended
as may be consistent with the facts and the peaoeand
dignity of the United States."
I ought, perhaps, to call the attention of the
committee in this connection to the act of Con-
gress, approved July 17, 18U'2, entitled "An
act to suppress insurrection, to punish treason
and rebellion, to seize and confiscate the prop-
erty of rebels, and for other purposes."
The provision to which I call your attention
reads as follows:
" Seo. 13. And be it further enacted. That the Presi-
dent is heieby authorized, at any time hereafter, by
proclamation, to extend to persons who may have
participated m the existing rebellion in any State, or
part thereof, pardon and amnesty, with suchexcep-
tions, and at such time, and on such conditions,. as
he may deem expedient for the public welfare."
This law is now in full force.
Perhaps in the absence of this provision the
President possessed the power under the con-
stitutional provision to release forfeitures under
the confiscation law, as well as to grant pardon
and amnesty to rebels and other offenders, but
■whether the power is vested by the Constitu-
tion or not, the enactment of the law is a sanc-
tion by Congress of the e.\ercise of that power
on the part of the Executive.
It will be borne in mind that under Mr. Lin-
colii'splan and during his administration, mil-
itary governors were appointed for the States of
Tennessee, Louisiana, and Arkansas, civil gov-
ernments restored, free constitutions adopted,
and slavery was abolished.
On the 29th day of May, being the same day
Mr. J ohnson issued his amnesty proclamation,
he issued liis proclamation appointing William
"VV. Holden, provisional governor of the State
of North Carolina, and containing rules and
regulations for his direction and guidance in his
administration.
In like manner, immediately after, other pro-
visional governors were appointed for the other
so-called ''confederate States,"' with like rules
and regulations.
1 shall only invite the attention of the com-
mittee to the North Carolina proclamation.
The preamble recites the fourth section of the
Constitution, declaring that the United Slates
shall guaranty to every State in the Union a
republican form of government, and protect
each against invasion and domestic violence;
makes the further recital of the constitutional
provision, making the President Commander-
in-Chief of the Army and Navy, as well as the
chief executive officer of the nation, bound by
solemn oath to see that the laws be faithfully
executed; and making a further recital, that,
the rebellion which had been waged by a por-
tion of the people of the United States against
the properly constituted authorities of the Goi -
ernment thereof, in a most violent and revolt-
ing form, and which had deprived the people
of North Carolinia of civil government; and
then t'he preamble concludes as follows:
' "Whereas it beeomcsnecessary ami proper to carry
out and enforce the obligations of the United States
to the people of .North Carolina m seeming them in
the enjoyment of a republican form of government."
I will now by the indulgence of the commit-
tee read that part of the proclamation I deem
necessary to a proper understanding of its pro-
visions :
"I, Andrew Johnson, President of the United States
and Commandcr-m-Oniel of the Army and Navy of
the United States, do hereby appoint William W.
Holden provisional governor ot the State of Isorth
Carolina, v. Iio.-e duty it shall be, at the earliest prac-
ticable period, to prescribe such rules and regulations
as may be ncee-sary and proper tor convening a con-
vention composed of delegates to be chosen by that
poition ot the people of said State who are loyal to
the United States, and no others, lor tlic purpose of
altering or amending the constitution thereof, and
with authority to exercise within the limits of sa d
State all the powers neee«sai y and proper to enable
such loval people of the State of North Carolina to
restore said State to its constitutional i elationsto the
e;, i government, and to pre-ent suc-h a repub-
lican term ot St,, te government as will entitle the SI a. e
to the Guarantee of the United States therelor, an 1
its people to protection by tbc United States against
invasion, insurrection, and domestic violence; pro-
vided that iu any election that may be hereaiter held
for choosing delegates to any State convention as
aforesaid, no person shall be qualified as an elector,
or shall be eligible as a inemboi ot such convention,
unless be shallprevsously hsve tahen and subsciibed
the oath ot amnesty as set torth in the Pi cedent's
proclamation, j£ay L'9,1881, and is a voter qualified as
prescribed by the constitution and laws ot the Slate
of North Carolina in force immediately before tbc
20th day of May, A. D. 3853, the date of the sa-cai'>cd
ordinance ot secession, and the said convention when
convened, or tbc Legislature that may bo tnerealter
assembled, will prescribe the qualification of electors
and the eligibility of persons to hold office under the
constitution and laws of the State—a power the peo-
ple of the several States composing the Federal Union
have rightfully exercised fiomthe origin of the Gov-
ernment to the present time."
In this proclamation the President required
the military commander of the depailment and
all other officers in the militui y and naval ser-
vice-to cooperate with Governor Holden in the
organization of a State government. The Sec-
retary of the Treasury, the Postmaster General,
and the heads of the various Departments were
required to appoint revenue officers, make pro-
vision for the collection of the revenues, ap-
point postmasters, mail agents, and establish a
postal system throughout the State, and do all
other things needful to a prompt and immediate
execution of t lie laws of the United States in
said State of North Carolina.
It will be seen by an examination of this plan
of President Johnson's, that in till its essential
features it is precisely the same as that inau-
gurated by Mr. Lincoln, and to which he adhered
to the day of his death.
The provisional governor, William TV". Hol-
den, was required to call a convention to alter
or amend the constitution and make immediate
provision for the reestablishment of civil gov-
ernment in that State. lie was furl her required
to prescribe such rules and regulations as might
be necessary forconvening (heconvention, com-
posed of delegates to be chosen by that portion
of the people of (hat State who were loyal to
the Government of the United States. And
none were to be permitted to vole orbe eligible
to a seat in the com ention, only those \\ ho had
taken the oath prescribed in the amnesty proc-
lamation of that date, and possessed the quali-
fications of a voter by the constitution and laws
in force in that Stare on the /!0th day of May
18(11, the date of the so-called ordinance of
secession.
Of course, Mr. Chairman, there are irregu-
larities in this plan (hat a technical lawyer who
has devoted himself for a lifetime to the quib-
bles of his profession would be likely to criti-
cise and censure. The practical statesman, how-
ever. in a great emergency is required to rise
above the narrow views of the profession. There
is a law of necessity, anterior to all wiHteu con-
stitutions and written taws, that in the convul-
sions of society nuts Land often does i cgulale and
govern the conduct oftbosein autho' it}'. Upon
the suppresMon of the rebellion, so far as civil
government was concerned, chaotic confusion
icigued in the so-called eonfcderatcStates. The
pretended ordinances of seee-'sion and all au-
thorily and acts under them being a usurpa-
tion, were null and void. The constitution and
laws in force at the time of their adoption, in-
capable of annihilation by force or violence, had
lost their vitality in the absefice of the proper
machinery of Government to execute and ad-
minister them.
A restoration of order and civil government
out of the chaos and confusion that prevailed
in those Stales, would necessarily encounter
technical irregularity, vhel her conducted 1 iy the
legislative or the executive department of the
Government.
Let us now look for a moment at the condi-
tion of affairs at the time Mr. Johnson entered
upon the discharge of his official duties. The
war was substantially ended. Lee had surren-
dered his army to General Grant, and the re-
maining military force of the southern confed-
eracy was lapidly melting away. The consti-
tutional amendment abolishing slavery had been
proposed by Congress, but whether its ratifica-
tion by the necessary number of States to -eoure
its adoption could be obtained was a question,
to say the least, that excited the fears as well
as the hopes of the loyal men of the country.
The emar.cipat.ion proclamation was a military
measure. "What its effect -would be in sections
in the rebel States, in abolishing slavery, where
the relation of master and slave had not been
severed by military force, when the war was
over, and the local and municipal law sustain-
ing that relation restored, was a question that
even President Lincoln seemed to have his
doubts. Secretary Seward, in his Auburn
speech before the presidential election, in allu-
sion to this question, said it would be one. for
the decision of the legislative councils and the
judicial tribunals of the country.
This monster crime "against humanity had
shocked the moral sense of tlio world and del-
uged a nation in blood. In view of the desola-
tion and sacrifices it had caused, all good men
felt that the only safe and sure guarantee for
our future safety and peace was to make irrev-
ocable the destruction of this "sum of all vil-
lainies." With this cause of the war removed,
the great mass of Union men believed the two
sections of the country, "like kindred drops of
water, would mingle into one." The President
at once took a firm and a manly position. He
said to the South, in the most emphatic and
authoritative manner, inthe work ofreconstruc-
tion you must acknowledge and recognize the
fact that a stat e of war has freed your slaves.
In this bold, humane, and patriotic position lie
never faltered, and to-day we are a nation of
freemen. No slave breathes our air; "the
moment his feet press our soil his limbs swell
beyond the measure of his chains, and he stands
redeemed, regenerated, and disenthralled by
tile genius of universal emancipation." This,
Mr. Chairman, is one of the fruits of that ir-
regularity. The rebel States during the- war
had contracted untold millions of indebtedness,
which the President required them, by an
amendment, to their constitutions, to repudiate.
Another technical irregularity. A repeal of the
ordinances of secession was another.
These are the fruits of that irregularity. It
would have been just as easy for the President
to have said to those States, " Take your consti-
tutions and laws iu force af the time of lite adop-
tion of the so-called ordinances of secession, and
reconstruct civil governments upon their prin-
ciples and in accoidunce with their provisions.'1
It would have been certainly technically more
regular, but by such a proceeding unamnestied
rebels would have been restored to the posses-
sion of the local governments. The policy of
the President seemed to be to interfere as little
as possible with their, former system of govern-
ment, and at the same time secure the neces-
sary guarantees for future peace. The pro-
ceeding of the barons of England at Unnny-
mede in the thirteenth century, in extorting from
King John the Great Charter, the foundation
of Knglish liberty, in a technical point of view
was certainly one of great irregularity. Their
defense was, a great occasion forced upon them
the necessity for such a proceeding for their
safety, and that event forms the greatest epoch
in English history, and its influence upon the
happiness of mankind will be felt down to the
last syllable of recorded time.
In considering the policy of the President it
must be remembered that in all the rebel States
civil governments lnne been established and
the prowsional go\eniments have been with-
drawn, except, in die State of Texas. A largo
military establishment and the Freedmen's Bu-
reau are still retained to enforce obedience to
the law as well as protection to the freedmen.
How long it maybe necessary to continue mil-
itary garrisons and the iueedmen's fiurean in
those States time, an essential element in all
reformations, can alone determine. As soon
as the Government can be relieved of their ex-
pense. in safety to the country. I am in favor
of their withdrawal; but in this matter my
policy is ''to make haste slowly." And for
the time being, at least, I am opposed to their
withdrawal.
I have now done with thi- branch of my sub-
ject. It will be remembered PiesideutLincoln,
in his speech at the Executive Mansion, after
