THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
for, and in that case the purchaser, after Tie
has taken them away, often finds that the front
or face side of the picture is somewhat marred
by the stamps attached to the reverse side of
the picture laid against it or the mark of the
ink with which it is canceled or defaced. But
in other cases, where the pictures are put up
beforehand, the injury falls upon the photog-
rapher, who loses all the pictures thus defaced.
Mr. Chairman, there is among those engaged
in this business a very general demand for the
adoption of such a provision as I now propose;
and I had understood that the committee would
favor it. There are, probably, twenty thousand
photographers in the United States. They^ are
men generally well known to the communities
in which they do business, and honorable, and
their returns of sales will be as reliable as those
of any other citizens.
I understand that the chief objection made
to this proposition is based on the fact that
there is a small number of traveling photog-
raphers from whom the tax might not be col-
lected if we should do away with the provision
requiring stamps to be placed upon the pictures.
But, sir, these traveling photographers are by
the very provisions of this bill almost exempted
from taxation. Frequently the photographs
made by men of this class are of so small a size
that stamps cannot be affixed to them, or they
are furnished at so low a price as to be exempt
under a subsequent provision of this bill. Be-
sides that, sir, the number of this class is
extremely small as compared with the number
of those who do a regular business in some
fixed place, and if they attempt to defraud—
which they are no more likely to do than
others—detection is tolerably sure to follow.
'The amendment which I propose contemplates
nothing more than simple justice to the photog-
raphers, while it would also be of great advan-
tage to the public.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, probably
no tax provided for in this bill is more just than
that which the gentleman from Pennsylvania
proposes to remove; and there is no ease in
which there is greater reason for requiring the
affixing of a stamp, if we mean to realize any
revenue.
The gentleman speaks of the small number
of the traveling photographers. Let me say to
him that these are as fifty to one compared
with those who have fixed places of business.
And from these traveling photographers we
should derive no revenue without such a pro-
vision as that which he proposes to strike out.
It is true that we do propose, in another part
of this bill, to exempt from taxation "photo-
graphs or any other sun picture, being copies
of engravings or works of art, when the same
are sold by the producer at wholesale at a price
not exceeding ten to fifteen cents each, or are
used for the illustration of books, and on pho-
tographs so small in size that stamps cannot be
affixed."
This provision is intended to refer to small
photographs, some of which are not larger than
the ordinary quarter of a dollar, and some even
smaller. These we propose to exempt entirely.
But as to those of larger size, which are taken
upon paper—such photographs as the gentle-
man buys for himself and for liis beautiful chil-
dren—the gentleman of course is not unwilling
to pay for them. There is a very large sale of
these little souvenirs, and of course they yield
a large revenue.
As to the suggestion that these works are
injured by the cancellation of the stamp*, I
must say that that docs not necessarily follow.
When ordinary care is taken there is no diffi-
culty in drying the ink without injuring the pic-
tures. It is only when the stamps are can-
celed in a rough and hurried manner—as, for
instance, by throwing sand upon the ink—that
any injury can result. If time is allowed for
the ink to dry or the usual soft paper is placed
between the cards, no difficulty can arise.
Mr. MYERS. For the purpose of saying a
few words in reply to the gentleman from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Morrill,] I move to amend my
amendment by striking out the last word.
Mr. Chairman, there is one part of the gen-
tleman's remarks which I can heartily accept.
I will not deny the beauty of my children. But
I must say that I do not like to have their pho-
tographs defaced by ink marks which have
been transferred to the face of the picture, as
is the case with a photograph which I have
now before me. I object to having the pic-
tures of my children—beautiful as the gentle-
man concedes they are—thus disfigured.
How, sir, on page 133 of this bill, just pre-
ceding the paragraph which my friend has
quoted, is another paragraph exempting from
taxation "paintings and statues and groups of
of statuary produced by artists as works of art."
These photographs are essentially wdrks of art,
too ; and were it not that the photographers are
willing to pay a proper tax to the Government,
I would ask that they should be exempted
altogether. But they have no such request to
make. They only ask a modification of the
law, by which they shall be relieved from that
which is an inconvenience, vexation, and loss
to themselves and the public who patronize
them.
Let me give another reason why the amend-
ment should pass and the taxation on this class
of artists should be reduced somewhat, as is
proposed. Within the last four or five years
alcohol, sulphuric ether, acetic acid, and the
other chemical materials used in the manufac-
ture of photographs have advanced in price
more than two hundred and fifty per cent. But
the principal question is, shall we collect tax
from these men in the objectionable shape of
stamps, or impose an ad valorem duty upon the
amount of their sales, trusting them to make
proper returns, as we trust other classes of
manufacturers?
By imposing the ad valorem duty and dis-
pensing with the provision requiring stamps to
be affixed to these photographs we greatly ac-
commodate the public at .large, while we save
the photographers from a large annual loss;
for in a package of pictures the face of one is
placed against the back of the other, and thus
the ink on the stamp as well as the stamp itself,
as I have said, often defaces the picture. By an
ad valorem tax the Government would realize
its proper amount of revenue; and eertainly
five per cent, ad valorem is a sufficient tax upon
these pictures.
Mr. MORRILL. I have merely to say that
these photographs are articles of luxury, and
those who purchase them can afford to pay the
tax.
Mr. MYERS. I withdraw :-the amendment
to the amendment.
On agreeing to the amendment, there were—
ayes twenty, noes not counted.
Mr. MYERS. I withdraw the amendment
for the present.
Mr. THAYER. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the committee to the fact that in the
amendment which was adopted in regard to
gun-cotton the object which the committee
contemplated was not accomplished, and it is
necessary to make an addition. I trust that by
unanimous consent the committee will revert
to that paragraph, in order that the necessary
amendment may be made.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there any objection?
There was 110 objection; and
Mr. THAYER moved to amend by insert-
ing, before line nineteen hundred and sixty-
four, the following words : "on gun-cotton a
tax of five per cent, ad valorem.''
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. THAYrER. A slight additional amend-
ment is necessary, and I move to amend by
inserting after the word "purposes,'' in line
nineteen hundred and sixty-five, the words
"not otherwise provided for."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by strik-
ing out in line nineteen hundred and seventy-
five the words "to be."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On screws, commonly called wood screws, a tax of
ton per cont. ad valorem.
On clocks and time-pieces, and on clock move-
ments, when sold without being eased, a tax of five
per cent, ad valorem.
On all soaps valued at above three cents per pound,
not perfumed, and on salt-water soap, made of cocoa-
nut oil, a tax of five mills per pound.
On all other perfumed soaps a tax of three cents
per pound.
On all uncompounded chemical productions, not
otherwise provided for, a tax of five per cent. <id
valorem.
On essential oils of all descriptions a tax of five
per cent, ad valorem.
On all furniture, or other articles made of wood,
sold in the rough or unfinished, not otherwise pro-
vided for, a tax of five per cent, ad valorem: Pro-
vided, That all furniture, or other articles made of
wood, previously assessed, and a tax paid thereon,
shall be assessed a tax of five per cent, ad valorem
upon the increased value only thereof when sold in
a finished condition.
On salt, a tax of three cents per one hundred
pounds.
Mr. PLANTS. I move to amend by striking
out the following: "011 salt a tax of three cents
per one hundred pounds."
Mr. Chairman, I make this motion because,
as I believe, such a tax as this ought not to be
imposed upon the article of salt. It is an arti-
cle of prime necessity. I represent a district
of Ohio in which pretty much all the salt made
in that State is manufactured. I am familiar
with the condition of that branch of industry
there. I know that during the last year a fur-
nace costing some thirty thousand dollars, and
manufacturing twenty thousand bushels of salt
per month, paid an internal revenue tax of
§700 per month—about eight thousand dollars
a year; while at the same time the manufac-
ture of the salt, conducted in the most econom-
ical manner, cost more than the market value
of the article. The consequence was that a
furnace of that kind, running through the year,
paid to the Government about eight thousand
dollars internal revenue tax, and found itself
at the end of the year so much in debt that it
was obliged to suspend: so that the Govern-
ment gets nothing for the present.
Mr. Chairman, I think that an article of such
prime necessity ought to be relieved from tax
so far as possible. As matters have stood
heretofore, the manufacture of salt could not
be carried on with any profit, and it has in
many cases been productive of loss to the
manufacturer.
Mr. HENDERSON. I moxa, pro forma, to
strike out the words "three cents."
I am glad that the views of the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Plants] and my own meet
on this subj-ecf. T intended to make the same
motion thathe did. I have 110 doubt this amend-
ment would reduce the revenue to a consider-
able extent, but I think that might be very
easily made up by imposing an additional tax
on luxuries, such as liquors and tobacco.
I withdraw the amendment to the amend-
ment.
Mr. MORRILL. Imove to amend byinsert-
ing "one half." after the words " three cents,"
merely for the purpose of saying that the pres-
ent tax on salt is seven cents and two mills per
hundred pounds, and the Committee of Ways
and Means thought it was an interest that ought
to be relieved, and therefore they proposed to
reduce it to three cents. And 1 presume, with
the contemplated action on the tariff bill, they
will also be able to give some further relief to
this interest. I think it should not be" entirely
exempt from tax. and that it is advi.--able for
tlie friends of the salt interest to retain the rate
proposed.
I withdraw my amendment to the amendment.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Plants to strike out the paragraph.
Mr. PLANTS. I will modify my motion by
moving to insert "one" instead of "three."
If it is not thought advisable to strike out the
whole section 1 think this reduction would be
a very material relief to the manufacturers of
salt. - It looks like a small item to be sure-
three cents 011 a hundred pounds—but when
you come to manufacture large quantities ex-
perience proves that the more salt is made the
more unfortunate the owners of the work are.
I admit that there is some relief proposed in
the exemption of some articles that go into
