2686
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
the manufacture of salt. Under the old law
we paid taxes on coal, on barrels, and on
almost every item that went into the manufac-
ture, and then seven cents and a fraction on
every hundred pounds of salt manufactured,
and then—-no, we were fortunately relieved
from paying any income tax, because we had
none to be taxed upon after all that.
Mr. MORRILL. We have relieved this
interest as far as we thought it prudent to do.
The enumeration of what we have done ought
to satisfy the gentleman that we have done all
that can reasonably be required. We have
taken off more than one half the tax and
exempted coal and casks and barrels entirely.
Mr. IIARDING, of, Illinois. I move to in-
sert " two" in place of " one." I am in favor
of striking out this tax. The income I am
informed is very small; I do not know exactly
how much.
Mr. ALLISON. Three hundred and fifty
thousand dollars,
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. For last year
I suppose. The principle upon which I op-
pose this tax is this, that it operates unequally.
The largest portion of salt is consumed in the
packing of beef and pork, and some sections,
of course, consume much more than others.
In the manufacturing districts at the East com-
paratively little is consumed. The burden of
the tax will fall upon the agricultural interest
of the country almost entirely.
I withdraw the amendment.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Plants to strike out ''three" and in-
sert "one," it was not agreed to.
The. Clerk read as follows:
On reapers, mowers, threshing-machines, scales,
brooms, and w£>oden-ware, a tax of three per ccnt.
ad valorem.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I move to amend by
adding the following:
Provided, Thatwhen any parts of reapers, mowers,
threshing-machines, or scales shall be once assessed
and a tax previously paid thereon, the amount so
paid shall be deducted from the tax on the finished
urticlo.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I ask the gentle-
man to withdraw that for the present and let
me offer an amendment to strike out " reapers,
mowers, and threshing-machines." If that is
carried he can then add his proviso so far as
relates to scales.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I withdraw it.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I now move to
strike out "reapers, mowers, and threshing-
machines."
I see that the object which I aimed at is par-
tially accomplished by the provision on page
13o, where the committee place in the free list
"plows, cultivators, harrows, straw and hay cut-
ters, planters, seed-drills, horse-rakes, and win-
nowing* mills." Now, I can see no greater pro-
priety in exempting these articles from the tax
imposed by the bill than those which I propose
to strike out in the paragraph under considers
ation. It is simply a relief to the great food-
producing portion of our population, the agri-
culturists, and that is the sole object I have
in offering the amendment. There is no class
of our people so poorly remunerated for the
amount of capital and labor invested in their
pursuit as the agriculturists ; and it is for the
purpose of granting them the partial relief that
may be derived from the removal of this tax
that I offer this amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, the list of
articles used by agriculturists is very extensive ;
and it is conceded that there are many of those
articles that might with some propriety be ex-
empted from taxation. But the Committee of
Ways and Means were compelled to select from
that list. We found that the wants of the Treas-
ury would cot permit us to exempt all. If we
were to exempt all agricultural machines and
tools, hoes, shovels, scythes, axes, sickles—I
might go on with a never-ending list—we should
relieve the Treasury from an inconceivable
amount of revenue. The tax we now propose
upon these articles is only three per cent, ad
valorem, and they are articles made by men
who own patents, and can get whatever price
they please for them. The consumer will gain
very little by any reduction we may make. The
tax that we shall get will hardly make any
change in prices; for they are articles which
afford large profits and command great prices,
and these prices are already 'fixed. I trust,
therefore, that this committee will coincide with
the Committee of Waysand Means, and refuse
to strike out the tax on these articles.
Mr. PAINE. I rise to move an amendment;
but before doing so I desire to ask the chair-
man ofthe Committee of Ways and Means what
will be the tax upon reapers, mowers, &e., if
we strike out this paragraph.
Mr. MORRILL. Five per cent.
Mr. PAINE. I move, then, so to amend
the bill as to transfer these three articles, reap-
ers, mowers, and threshing-machines, to the
free list, among plows, cultivators, &c.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will state that
my intention is to move to insert these arti-
cles in the free list when we reach it; but we
must strike them out here.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order to
take up the free list at this time; the commit-
tee has not yet reached that paragraph.
Mr. PAINE. I am very anxious to vote
for the amendment of the gentleman from
Iowa, provided these three articles can be ex-
empted from taxation; but I am very unwill-
ing to vote for it if it will impose upon them a
tax of five per cent. I move, therefore, to add
at the end of line two thousand and three the
words "reapers, mowers, and threshing-ma-
chines shall be*exempt from taxation." The
clause will then read:
On scales, brooms, and wooden-ware a tax of three
percent, ad valorem; reapers, mowers, and thresh-
ing-machines shall be exempt from taxation.
Mr. HART. I hope the amendment offered
by the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wilson]
will be adopted by the committee. I see no
propriety in taxing these three items of man-
ufacture while otlieVs are exempted. The gen-
tleman from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] stated
that the Committee of Ways and Means had
selected a few articles from the large list of
agricultural implements, but that they found it
impossible to include a large number of items
on that list, such as shovels, axes, itc., and
that they have selected only a few. It will be
observed that in that selection they have taken
"machines" not "tools."
Mr. MORRILL. I beg the gentleman's par-
don. If he will look at page 135 he will find
that they exempt "plows," "cultivators,"
"harrows," &£.
Mr. HART. A plowisnotafarming"tool."
Now, in reply to a remark made by the gen-
tleman from Vermont, .[Mr. Morrill,] I hap-
pen to know that so far as threshing-machines
are concerned the patents are about exhausted,
and that there is not a threshing-machine pat-
ent in the country that is worth anything. As
to the immense profits which are alleged to
have been derived from these manufactures, in
my district these machines were manufactured
very extensively, and I know that during the
past four or five years these interests have
rather suffered than otherwise. I certainly
think that these thiee items should be stricken
out in justice to the manufacturers of these
peculiar machines. They are about the only
machines used for agricultural purposes which
are not included in the free list.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I move to amend this
paragraph further by inserting the words '' plan-
tation hoes." I do that because a plantation
hoe is a peculiar instrument. The manufacturer
ofthe ordinary hoe, as I understand, requires
bat little or no protection in this country. But
the plantation hoe is a peculiar instrument
manufactured for the South. It is very heavy,
and in consequence of there being no machine
labor upon it, it is impossible for the manufac-
turer in this country to compete with the man-
ufacturer of England in this respect, if he is
required to pay a tax upon it.
Mr. MORRILL. I must oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Griswold.] I find that there are various gentle-
men charged with amendments for exemptions
which they will offer if this amendment carries,
and there will be no end to them. The Commit-
tee of Ways and Means have recommended to
wholly exempt from tax plows, cultivators,
drills, &c., and the reduction of the tax on
these patented articles from six per cent, to
three per cent., or one half.
Now, I ask gentlemen if they cannot afford
to wait another year before they appeal to
us for any further exemptions. My friend
behind me [Mr. Stevens] is ready to ask that
brooms and wooden-ware be exempted from
taxation. Another member will ask for the
exemption of shovels, and another for the ex-
emption of edge tools. I trust the Committee
of the Whole will think that we have gone as
far in the exemption of articles from taxation
as it is advisable to go at this time.
The amendment of Mr. Griswold was not
agreed to.
The question recurred upon the amendment
of Mr. Paine.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I move to
amend the amendment of the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] by inserting the words
"horse-powers, corn-shellers, andwinnowing-
machines."
Mr. ECKLEY. That is already provided
for.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Then I with-
draw my amendment.
The amendment of Mr. Paine was not
agreed to.
The question recurred upon the amendment
of Mr. Wilson, of Iowa, to strike out the
words "reapers, mowers, threshing-machines."
Mr. STEVENS. I think that we better strike
out "brooms and wooden-ware," and I move
to amend the amendment in that way. They
are so small articles that I hardly think a tax
should be imposed upon them.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens]
is not germane to the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Iowa, [Mr. Wilson.]
Mr. STEVENS. Then I move to amend the
amendmentby striking out all but the letter " s."
[Laughter.] And I will confine myself to my
amendment by saying that while all but the
letter "s" should be left in, I think that
" brooms and wooden-ware" should be stricken
out. Now, if the gentlemen of the Committee
of Ways and Means had come to the help of
the woman who scrubs with her broom and the
woman who cooks in her wooden-ware, it seems
to me there would be some propriety in their
action.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Our women out
West do not do that.
Mr. STEVENS. What! do you not scrub
any out West? [Laughter.] You ought to.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. We do not cook in
w.ooden-ware. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENS. - They cook in wooden-
ware with us; they bake and stew, especially
stew. [Renewed laughter.]
Now, I do not know anything that can bear
taxation better than reapers and mowers and
threshing-machines. The farmer is pretty well
relieved from taxation, as he ought to bo. And
there is no class of people who get off so well
as the farmer. I believe the farmers in my
county are taxed as high as any in the United
States. The most of them have machines of
this kind, that can do the work of eight or ten
men each, and thus they can afford to pay the
tax imposed here.
Now, I should be glad if we could get along
.without any tax at all. And when onr wise
Secretary of the Treasury shall have consoli-
dated his bonds so as to have them five per
cent, all around, and pay three per cent, in
negotiating them, and make them payable in
gold instead of currency—make them about
ten per cent, instead of what they are now ;
when he does all that, we may be able to do
without taxes ; but we cannot now. I with-
draw my amendment to the amendment, and
let the letter " e" come out with the rest.
[Laughter.]
