1726
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
seeks this aid from the public lands which
should be appropriated for the payment of the
national debt?
Mr. ECKLEY. This is not an additional
appropriation of two huudredthousand acres of
land.
Mr. DRIGGS. With the leave of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, I would say, in answerto the
gentleman from New Jersey, that at the last
Congress the Senate passed abill appropriating
one hundred thousand acres of land lor this
canal, which is about a mile and a half in length,
but the bill failed in the House. Some of the
Wisconsin members were absent and there was
not a very full explanation given of it. Upon
a complete survey it was ascertained that ap-
propriation would be entirely inadequate, and
therefore the amount now asked is two hun-
dred thousand acres. Nothing has been granted
heretofore. The Senate by a nearly unanimous
vote, I believe, has passed the bill, and the Com-
mittee on Public Lands after a thorough investi-
gation have reported the bill back with a unani-
mous recommendation that it pass.
Mr. SLOAN. Will the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Eckley] yield to me to say a word?
Mr. ECKLEY. Certainly.
Mr. SLOAN. I desire to add to the expla-
nation alreadygiven by the gentleman from Mich-
igan [Mr. Dkiggs] that although this canal is
but a mile and a half in length, yet a largo part
of the proceeds of this land is to be devoted to
constructing a harbor at the entrance of the
canal. There i3 now, from Milwaukee north-
ward, a distance of nearly two hundred and
fifty miles \vith no safe harbor for vessels in a
storm. The construction of this canal is but
a small portion of the work proposed. The
bill provides for the construction of a harbor
which will benefit the entire commerce of Lake
Michigan.
Mr. RADFORD. Will the gentleman an-
swer mo one question, for the purpose of deter-
mining my vote on this bill? Would it not bo
cheaper for the Government to construct the
canal and save the land?
Mr. SLOAN. No, sir. I think not.
Mr. RADFORD. It seems to me the pro-
ceeds of the land ought to be enough to con-
struct twice or three times this work.
Mr. SLOAN. The gentleman should be
aware that under the homestead act the Gen-
eral Government has ceased almost entirely to
derive any revenue from our public lands.
They are taken up largely by settlers, under the
homestead act, who pay nothing for them. And
in regard to the disposition of the public lands
in the West, it is a matter of far more interest
to the States themselves in which the lands arc
located, how they are disposed of, than to the
General Government, under the operation of
the homestead act.
Now this improvement will tend to increase
very largely the commerce of the lakes. Green
bay is quite a large body of water extending
far into the Slate. Already the lumber and
manufacturing interest has become very great,
and by constructing this canal a distance of
one hundred and fifty miles can be saved for
all the vessels engaged in that carrying trade,
which in the one article of lumber amounts
now to two hundred and fifty million feet pro-
duced on the shores of that lake.
The entrance to that body of water is through
a dangerous channel which was named on that
account'' Death's Door." That is the name
it bears on the map. 'Phis bill appropriates
two hundred thousand acres of public land,
from which the General Government could
hope to derive no benefit, for this improve-
ment, which will save a distance of one hun-
dred and fifty miles, seventy-fire each way, to
the navigation, and it will also provide an ex-
cellent harbor. There is now a distance of two
hundred and fifty miles in which there is no
safe harbor, and this improvement will benefit
the entire navigation of Lake Michigan.
I venture to assert that no proposition has
come before the House where so large a ben-
efit was to be derived, not only to the States
more immediately interested, but to the gen-
eral commerce of the lakes, from so small a
grant as is proposed in this bill, and that this
bill has more merit in it than almost any other
that has been presented to Congress.
Mr. RADFORD. Will the gentleman tell
us what is the estimated entire cost of this
canal?
Mr. SLOAN. The cost of the canal and
harbor is estimated at $800,000. It is not
expected that this grant of land will do^ the
work. The men who are interested in it in
that section of the State are willing to contrib-
ute money to the result; but no larger grant is
asked of Congress. When this subject was
under discussion in the Senate at the last Con-
gress, several Senators, who had fully investi-
gated the facts, expressed the opinion that it
was an obj ect which was worthy of an appropria-
tion of money from the General Government.
Mr. WRIGHT. I desire to speak on this
hill.
Mr. ECKLEY. I will give the gentleman
an opportunity before the vote is taken.
Mr. Speaker, I am not one who is particu-
larly favorable to the donation of public, lands.
I have looked upon these large grants of land
with a considerable degree of jealousy, being my-
self from aStatethat has no lands to be granted,
and no improvements that are expected to be
benefited by any such donations from the Gen-
eral Government.
But I have investigated this among the nu-
merous propositions of the kind that have come
before the present Congress, and I have become
satisfied that there is none that has been or can
be presented which has more claim upon the
public interest than this.
It has been very well said that this improve-
ment will benefit the navigation of a distance
of two hundred and fifty or three hundred
miles. It will avoid a difficulty with which all
of us are acquainted who live on the northern
frontier—the great danger of loss of vessels at
the place called "Death's Door."
This bill is recommended by the Chambers of
Commerce of Milwaukee, Chicago, and Green
Bay. It comes recommended by the Legisla-
tures of Michigan and Wisconsin. And I think
any gentleman who will look at tbc report of
the engineer on this subject cannot hesitate to
approve of either this or some other aid forthe
purpose of completing the work.
1 desire to call attention to a few facts con-
nected with the commerce of that portion of
our lakes. From the report of the engineer
it appears that the distance around the penin-
sula saved on each voyage to and from Green
bay to Chicago is two hundred miles, or a
saving of one fifth of the entire voyage, and
will avoid the dangerous navigation of the
" Death's Door" channel at the present entrance
into Green bay.
It will open to the shipping of the lakes a
harbor of refuge at Sturgeon bay, the finest
and most commodious on the western lakes.
The great lumber region of Green bay shipped
from there in 1805 two hundred million feet
of sawed lumber, two hundred and forty-
nine million shingles; also square timber, cord-
wood, tan bark, cedar posts, railroad tics, tel-
egraph poles, shingle bolts, staves, and furni-
ture timber in large quantities, all the above
being products of the forest", and valued in the
aggregate at $3,200,000.
The Green bay fisheries in 1865yielded twenty-
four thousand packages, valued at $180,000.
The quantity of wheat, flour, and other cereals
shipped from Green bay isabont four hundred
tons per week. The quantity of merchandise,
salt, iron, coal, pork, and beef shipped into
the lumber region at Green bay is about one
thousand tons per week.
I think this statement of facts is sufficient to
satisfy the minds of those who look with the
greatest jealousy upon donations of this kind,
that this donation should bo made. And for
that reason the committee felt constrained to
report unanimously in favor of this bill.
Unless some gentleman wants to ask some
farther questions in regard to this bill, I will
call the previous question.
Mr. WRIGHT. What is the area in acres
of the State of Wisconsin?
Mr. ECKLEY. About fifty-eight thousand
square miles.
Mr. WRIGHT. I should like to say a few
words upon this subject.
Mr. ECKLEY. For how long a time?
Mr. WRIGHT. Five minutes will be enough
for me.
Mr. ECKLEY. I will withdraw the call for
the previous question, and yield to the gentle-
man from New Jersey [Mr. Weight] for five
minutes.
Mr. WRIGHT. I am opposed to this mod-
ern system of legislation by which the Repre-
sentatives of the people in Congress attempt to
donate lands to some particular State because
there are public lands of the United States"
that happen to be within the borders of that
State.
We have appropriated lands for agricultu-
ral colleges, but that appropriation was made
generally to all the States which complied with
the conditions of the grant. And again, when
the revenues of the country derived from the
sales of the public land were distributed, all
the States had the benefit of them. But now
propositions are made to grant the public lands
to States that are able to get along without
them, Wisconsin is as able as New York to
build her own canals and make her own public
improvements, and yet gentlemen come here
and ask for two hundred thousand acres of
land to aid in the construction of a canal a
mile and a half long. I know it is asserted here
that the grant is not merely for the canal, but
also to make Sturgeon bay a safe harbor. Per-
haps it will be made a safe harbor for sturgeons.
Sir, the State of Wisconsin ought to be able
to build her own canals and works of improve-
ment. You might as well donate public lands
in Wisconsin to the Air-Line Railroad Com-
pany between Washington and New York, to
aid it in the purchase of lands along its route.
If the one is right in principle so is the other;
if one is wrong in principle so are both of
them.
This is a violation of our pledges to our con-
stituents. I speak for the people and the State
of New Jersey which I have the honor in part
to represent. It has been a maxim with us
that the Constitution was the supreme law of
the land with us; and that our powers are
clearly defined in that instrument, and any
step beyond is exceeding our powers. That is
all I have to say.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Eckley] vield to me for five minutes?
Mr. ECKLEY. I will.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish simply to explain one
point in this bill. One of the largest items of
expenditure attending the construction of this
canal will be the construction of a breakwater.
The canal itself being but about a mile and a
half long, of course the cost of its excavation
will not reach the price of two hundred thou-
sand acres of land. But when you come to
construct • a breakwater, for the purpose of
affording protection for vessels entering the
harbor, you will find the expense to be largely
enhanced.
I wish further to say that from the harbor of
Milwaukee to the harbor of Chicago there is
no safe harbor on the lakes. The harbor of
Milwaukee is not a very safe harbor, and the
harbor of Chicago is sometimes very difficult
of approach when the wind is blowing in a
certain direction. The commerce of the lakes
requires for its safety and protection the crea-
tion of a harbor at some point north of Mil-
waukee. This point to which this bill relates
is about two hundred and fifty miles north of
Milwaukee, and from there, after you pass
Green bay, there is no harbor until you come
to the Manitou Islands, near the straits of
Mackinaw.
It is well known that the whole coast of
Michigan, especially the western coast, is one
of sand. The waters running into Lake Michi-
gan from the west have their head within fif-
teen miles of the lake, and consequently there
