8646
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7,
But the remonstrants object to this measure
on other and broader grounds.. They believe
its adoption would prove injurious-to every
interest affected by it. It would be especially-
injurious to commerce, by driving-it.from es-
tablished channels, by lessening our foreign
trade, and. by leaving our- large mercantile1
marine without adequate or profitable, employ
ment. It would mar the prosperity of.agricult-
urc by increasing the cost of' its supplies -with-
out enhancingthe prices of-itstproducts, which
are:governed, as:are.those- of all exportable,
commodities, by the foreign market value. It
would injure mechanics by-increasing the cost
of living withput enhancing, wages. And finally,
by its exorbitant protection, it would injure the
permanent prosperity of the manufacturing in-
terest itself, which it is specially intended to
protect and foster. It proposes to increase
the protection of that interest by adding from
ten to fifty per cent, to' the present high rates
of duty at the moment when the' amended in-
ternal revenue laws relieve that interest from
a heavy excise tax. The joint effect of the two
measures will be to confer upon that interest a
rate of protection ranging from fifty to one
hundred per cent.; and this protection will be
absolute, with the excise taxes annulled and
the premium on exchange and on gold to pay
duties compensating to the manufacturers for
the adverse effect of a depreciated currency.
This degree of protection being at least twice
as large as that which this interest has hitherto
enjoyed under the revenue laws most favorable
to it, we'may expect to see engendered a home
competition which will ultimately prove fatal
to its prosperity. We may also expect to sec
the people soon become so restive under this
unwarrantable bqon conferred on a favored
interest, as to demand its repeal and the sub-
stitution of a tariff strictly grounded on the
principle of revenue. . This, combined with
the effect of home competition, would be lia-
ble to involve the manufacturing interests of
our country in general bankruptcy. For these
reasons the remonstrants respectfully ask that
the bill may not become a law. I move that
this remonstrance be referred to the Commit-
tee on finance.
The motioiywas agreed to.
MINORITY REPORT ON RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, being com-
pelled, by business affecting my State and city,
lor a period to leave my place in the Senate
some three weeks since, and having prepared,
in conjunction with two other members of the
committee of fifteen, what is denominated a
minority report, and it not being copied at the
time so as to be in a presentable form, I re-
quested the honorable member from Indiana
[Mr. Hendricks] to present it in my name;
and that was done a few days after I left here.
The reception of it was objected to, as I see,- by
my .friend from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] upon,
as I understand, three grounds. The first was
that it was not presented by myself or by any
member of the committee; the second was that
reports of that, sort are not received at all; and
the third was that it was not presented at the
time the report of the majority was presented.
In relation to the first, what I have stated
I suppose may be considered as a sufficient
explanation'; but if it is not, the objection is
avoided by my asking to present it now. In
relation to the second, I find, on looking at
the Journals, which I have had examined only
so far back as the 10th of April, 18-10, coming
down to a recent period, that the minority or
a committee have been permitted to present
what I suppose were their reports, although
they arc called in the Journal the " views of
the minority." That was done on the 10th of
April, 1840. It is unnecessary to trouble the
Senate with the detail of each of those cases.
On the 12th of March, 1856—
."Mr. Douolas, from the Committee on Territo-
ries, to whom were l-eferied several messages of the
President in relation to affairs in Kansas, submitted
a report; which was ordered to be printed.
>, Mr. CoLLAXiBB submitted theviews of the minor-
ity ot the committee; which were ordered to bo
printed with the report of the committee."
On the 5 th of May, 1858, I find this entry:
"Mr. Bayard, from the Committeo on the Judi-
ciary, to whom the subject of a national bankrupt
law had been referred, stated that the committeehad
been tanable t.0 agree upon the details of a bill. :
" Mr.-TooMBS, in behalf of the minority of the com-
mittee, submitted a paper purporting to be a bill to
establish a uniform system of bankruptcy, and moved
that it be printed.
"A question of order was raised by Mr. 6ref.h, to
wit, that the minority of- a committee had no power
to .originate or bring in a hill."
He did not object to the minority presenting
their report or their views, but only their right
to do it in the form of a bill.'
"The Vice President stated that it had been
usual to receive the views of a minority of a com-
mittee."
On the 7th of February, 1862,
"Mr. Harris, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom were referred the credentials^ Hon.
Benjamin Stork, submitted a report.
"Mr. Trumbull asked, and obtained,leave to sub-
mit the views of the minority of the committee.
"Ordered, That the report of the committee, with
the views of the minority, and accompanying papors,
be printed."
- I suppose, therefore, that it may now be con-
sidered as the established usage of the Senate
to permit the minority of a committee to state
the grounds upon which, if they differ from the
majority, that difference is founded.
But in addition to that I will state to the
Senate, and I have he're an extract" from the
journal of the committee, that on the 28th of
April, 1866, when the committee determined
upon reporting the measures which are now
before the country, there is in that journal this
entry:
"Mr. Stevens moved that the joint resolution and
bills adopted by the committee to-day be reported
on Monday next to the two Houses of Congress, and
that leave bo asked to submit at some future time
reports to accompany the same.
"Tlio motion was agreed to." :: * *
" On potion of Mr. Rogers, it was
• "Ordered, That theminority of the committeo have
leave to submit minority reports."
The matter Remained in that situation from
the28th of April until, I think, the 8th of June;
and as I knew that the majority desired that
the report which was to accompany the bills
and resolutions, and which was directed to be
made by the entry which I have just read,
should be prepared by my friend, the chair-
man of the committee, the honorable Senator
from Maine, [Mr. Pessend.en,] and knowing
how his time was occupied in other duties, I
doubted very much whether he would be able
to prepare a report at all; and if lie had not
prepared a report, I certainly should have pre-
sented none, and as far as I know the minority
of the committee would not have presented
any. But on the 8th of June, nearly two
months after the report was authorized to be
made, the honorable member from Maine, as
I get from the proceedings of the day reported
in the Globe, just at the msmentwhenthe vote
was about to be taken on the measures them-
selves, rose and said to the Senate:
"I ask leaVo to-mako a report. I have here an
extended roport from the committee of fifteen, so
called, the committeo on reconstruction, giving their
views and reasons with reference to the joint resolu-
tion which they submitted to theSenato and thecon-
clusions to which they arrived. It was my hope that
some timo in tbo-courso of this debate, before the
voto was taken, X might have the opportunity to lay
the whole report before the Senate and have it read,
butit is now so late an hour, and as gentlemen are
desirous of taking the vote, and it has been agreed
to tako it to-day, that I do not feel that it would bo
right to attpmptto have it road iD detail. X therefore
move that it be laid upon the table and printed.
"The motion was agreed to."
I then rose and said:
"It was understood in committee-that if there
should be any momber who did not agree with the
majority of the committee ho would he at liberty to
make a counter or minority roport, and I merely rise
for the purpose of saying that as such is the condi-
tion in which I stand, and in which two or three
other members of the'committee stand, I shall avail
myself of that privilege at as early a day as pos-
sible."
To that there was no objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. When was that?
Mr. JOHNSON. The same day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What day ?
Mr. JOHNSON. The 8th of June, the same
day on which the majority report was pre-
sented' and not read, for the very satisfactory
reason given by my friend from Maine.
I was quite unwell at the time the report was
presented; but as soon as I could prepare the
minority report I did prepare it. I did not
know and' had not the slightest reason to sus-
pect there- would be any objection until some
eight or ten days afterward, I think, when my
honorable friend from Maine said fo me that
according to the custom of the Senate it was
not the right of the minority to present a report-
except at the. time when the report of the
majority was presented. Although there was
nothing in his manner that should causc fne to
think he intended it more as a matter of jest
than in earnest, I really did, in my simplicity,,
suppose it was a matter of jest, he and 1 being
in the habit of jesting with each other occasion-
ally ; and I went on and finished the minority
report.
. I can understand why it is propei that as a
general rule the report of the minority of a com-
mittee should be made simultaneously or as
nearly simultaneously as possible with that of
the majority; that is to say, it would not be
right to put it in the hands of a minority to
criticise or to answer in detail the argument of
"the majority. Bat that was not my purpose in
any way, nor have I attempted to do it. As
far as I recollect, there is no reference made
in the minority report to the report of the ma-
jority except in two particulars. It is not an
attempt to answer at all in detail the report of
the majority.
Now, I submit, Mr. President, that under the
circumstances it would be right to allow this
paper to be received—not right to the minority,
for'that is a matter of little or no moment; it
is certainly of little or no momentto me.- Ido
not ask it as a matter of courtesy, for I would
not ask the Senate as a matter of courtesy to
give me a privilege that was inconsistent with
the established usage of the Senate ; but upon
a subject so important as this, when a report
drawn up with the ability which distinguishes
the report of the majority is received by the
Senate and §oes to the country giving the rea-
sons why the measures adopted by the majol-ity
should receive the sanction of the country, it
is but right that the people of the country should
have the views of the minority. It is barely
possible that the views of the minority may re-
ceive the sanction of the people instead of those
of the majority.
The report of the minority, too, was presented
in the House of-Representatives a day or two,
I believe, before my friend from Indiana pre- -
sented it in the Senate; it was received with-
out any objection by that body, and was ordered
to be printed with the report of the majority.
I think they ordered some fifty or one hundred
thousand copies. I have no personal interest
in the matter; but I submit that under all the
eiregipstanees it is but right that thc.vicws of
the minority should go to the country together
with those of the majority, be printed either
with or separately from the report of the ma-
jority* Even if there was any well-established
usage to show that such a course would not be
proper, I submit that under the circumstances
this should be an exception to the general usage,
first, because the committee of fifteen author-
ized the minority to make a report; second,
because the purpose of the minority to make
a report was made known to the Senate and
received without any objection by anybody;
third, because the report was being prepared
under the belief that it would, when prepared,
be received by the Senate without any objec-
tion ; and fourth and lastly, because I had not
the most remote suspicion that my friend from
Maine was preparing the majority report at
all. If he had told me, or had thought it ne-
cessary to tell me-—li#was under no obligation
to tell me—that he was preparing the report
and would have it ready on a certain day, and
that if the minority desired to make a minor-
ity report it should be ready on the same day,
the views of the minority would have been pre-
sented then ; but until he held the paper in his
hand, a moment or two before he offered it to
