662
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
the surrender of Lee, from which I have already
made, quotations, said expressly with reference
to the plan of leconstruction he proposed, "if
adopted by any State would be acceptable and
be sustained by the Executive Government of
the nation." In the same speech, and almost
in the same breath, he made the following
emphatic declaration:
"X distinctly stated that it was a plan which might
possibly be acceptable, and also distinctly protested
that the Executive claimed no right to say when or
whether members should be admitted to scats in
Congress from such States."
It will be observed from the careful and cau-
tious language of President Lincoln, there was
another branch of the Government to which
those States, when their civil governments were
restored, would have to look for recognition.
Ho said "it was a plan which might possibly
be acceptable." Acceptable to whom? My
answer is, acceptable to Congress, in whom is
vested by the Constitution the supreme legisla-
tive power of the nation, subject only to its own
limitations and restrictions. In the message
we are now considering, President Jolmson uses
the following language, which may be consid-
ered the counterpart to the speech of-President
Lincoln which I have just quoted:
"Ilerelt is for you, fellow-citizens of the Senate,
and lor you. fePow-citizens of the House of Repre-
sentatives, to judge, each of you for yourselves, of the
elections, returns, and qualifications of your own
members."
'J he brief hour allotted will not permit me to
discuss at this time the question of the political
status of the so-called -'confederate States."
Upon the suppression of the rebellion they
could not be considered States in political par-
lance, either in or out of the Union. The term
''States" implies a political commonwealth,
with executive, legislative, and judiciary de-
partments. In those States, these, with all the
machinery of civil government, were destroyed
by the war. In the absence of civil govern-
ments and from the necessity of the. case, the
President established military governments,
which have been superseded by civil govern-
ments, established under the military orders of
the President in the manner I have already nar-
rated. These civil governments, thus organized,
are in the nature of military governments, being
the agencies of the Commander-in-Chief, for
those States whose rightful civil governments
had been destioved by the rebellion.
I therefore, Mr. Chairman, not only claim
the right and power of Congress to review what
has been done in the restoration of civil gov-
ernments in the rebel States, but maintain that
it is the duty of Congress, by appropriate legis-
lation, to legalize their validity and restore
those Slates to their proper relation to the Gen-
eral Government. Before this is done, Mr.
Chairman, and members from those States are
admitted to their seats in this House, I desire
to see an amendment made to the Constitution
changing (he ba^is of representation from pop
illation to voters, or its equhaleut, so as to con-
form to the new order of things created by the
war. Ample and complete protection to the
freedtnen in all their rights of persons and of
property to the full extent enjoyed by all non-
voting classes is demanded alike by every con-
sideration of humanity, as well as by the un
mistakable voice of their grateful countrymen.
In the darkest hour of our eouniiy's peril, by
their fidelity to the cause of the Union they not
only earned their freedom but that protection
from the Government which the great and the
good of all conditions of soeicy demand for
them.
As soon as these objects can be attained, and
they elect loyal men who can take the oath, I
am in favor of a restoration of all the States to
their proper relation to the General Govern-
ment.
T heartily approve of what has been done by
the President. He has acted wisely, in good
faith, and in obedience to the will "of the na-
tion. With malice toward none, with charity
for ail. h;s policy has been wise, magnanimous,
and conciliatory.
In our deliberations it seems to me our aim
should be to heal and not to irritate, to bind j
up the nation's wouncls, and so conduct our
legislation as to restore to all parts of our here-
tofore unhappy and distracted country con-
corf and harmony.
ADMISSION OP THE SOUTHERN STATES, ETC.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Chairman, the subject now agitating the public
mind is the reconstruction of the late rebel
States governments. In considering it, we are
met at the threshold with the question, have
these States, by reason of the conduct and acts
of a portion of their citizens, been thereby
placed without the Union? And are they now
in a territorial condition, and in consequence
under the control of Congress, as in the case
of Territories not formed into States? It is
proper, in examining this matter, that we lay
aside all bitterness of spirit, and seek to do that
which is best for the good of the country. There
is no occasion to dwell upon or reproduce the
sorrows of the past.
If, as is contended, these States are out of
the Union, then they have become a nonde-
script community, without law or order. I
affiim that these States have never been out of
the Union. To say they have is to admit the
doctrine of the right of secession, and assert
that we now hold them by force of arms. We
have been fighting for nothing except to deny
and prevent the exercise of the right of seces-
sion. This right could only be allowed by the
consent of the States in the Union ; and if not
agreed to, then if must lie obtained by force,
which, until successful, is rebellion, being while
in doubt by one side held to be rebellion, and
by the other revolution; but failing in success,
the rights ancl positions remain as before the
war commenced. The fact that a majority of
the people was in a state of insurrection does
not carry with it a forfeiture of the State priv-
ileges and immunities, which are the right of
those who remain loyal.
President Johnson, has stated this doctrine
in the most simple and conclusive manner,
when ho asserted in his message that a State
cannot commit treason, but that individuals can
commit treason and subject themselves to pun-
ishment, but cannot entail punishment upon
those who have remained loyal and innocent. No
one ever heard of an indictmcntagainst a State,
city, or even a corporation for treason, murder,
felony, or any other similar offense.
"Shay's insurrection" in Massachusetts oc-
curred under the Articles of Confederation, and
before the adoption of the Federal Constitution.
And we have in our history but one analogous
case, to wit, "the western insurrection" in the
year 17'.)4. which was organized by citizens ofthe
western counties of Pennsylvania, the western
part of Virginia. (now a part of West, Virginia,)
and the Xorthweslern Territory (now the State of
Ohio.) They weie in rebellion. General Wash-
ington proceeded against them, and when they
submitted, the soil was again placed under their
control, and their people were restored to all
their civil rights. The late rebellion and the
western insurrection do not differ one jot ex-
cept in the magnitude of the numbers engaged.
I do not rely alone upon this precedent. I
propose to show that the Republican party,
who now claim to have the entire coutrol of the
terms of the readjustment of these vexed ques-
tions between the several State authorities and
the Federal Government, have by their own
acts and the legislation they have adopted de-
liberately established that these States have
never been out of the Union, and they have
been permitted to exercise the highest powers
granted in the Constitution, on the assumption
that they were part of the Union.
Let us examine the record of Tennessee. A
majority of the people of that .State voted to
approve the act of secession. Notwithstanding,
Andrew Johnson remained in the Senate of the
United Slates as a Senator from that State for
a long period of time after the secession ordi-
nance was approved by the people, and yet no
one in or out of the Senate ever called in ques-
tion his right to a seat in that body, thereby
admitting that Tennessee was a State in the
Union and had a right of representation in
Congress.
Article two, section one, clause four, of the
Constitution declares that—
"No person except a natural-born citizen, or a cit-
izen ofthe United States at the time of the adoption
of this Constitution, shall be eligible to the office of
President."
Article twelve of the amendment^ adopted
September 25, 1804, provides that—
"No person constitutionally ineligible to the office
of President shall be eligible to that of Vice President
of the United States."
The Republican national convention con-
vened to nominate candidates for President
and Vice President was held in the city of Bal-
timore in June, 18G4. Every delegate in that
convention who voted to place Andrew John-
son in nomination as the Republican candidate
for Vice President recognized and solemnly
declared that Tennessee was a State in the
Union, that Andrew Johnson was a citizen of
that State, and by virtue of that political right
and that alone was eligible to the office of Vice
President ofthe United States. That conven-
tion, after argument and deliberation, deter-
mined by a decided vote taadmit delegatesfrom
the States of Tennessee, Louisiana, and Arkan-
sas, with all the privileges as equals in every
respect with other delegates, and the delegates
from those States voted and assisted in the nom-
ination of candidates and the settlement of the
platform of principles; and thus the convention
clearly acknowledged that those States were
then a portion of the Union. This was done
in full response to the requirement embraced
in the terms of the Constitution heretofore
quoted.
Every State convention which ratified that
nomination made the same declaration to the
world.
Every qualified voter throughout the United
States who voted the Lincoln and Johnson
electoral ticket in his respective State reaf-
firmed this fact.
On the 7th day of December, 1864, the day
on which the electors voted in the respective
States, Andrew Johnson was a citizen of 'Ten-
nessee and of no other State. It follows, then,
that if Tennessee was not a State in the Union
on that day, that Andrew Johnson was not a
citizen of the United States, and not eligible
to the office to which ho was subsequently
elected. This is one of the many absurdities
to which gentlemen are driven who maintain
that the rebel States are no portion of the
Union.
On the 18th day of February, 18G5, a joint
convention ofthe two Houses of Congress was
held "for the purpose of opening, determining,
and declaring the votes for the oflices of Presi-
dent and Vice President of the United States
for the term of four years, commencing on the
4th of March next ensuing." And after open-
ing and counting the votes, Vice President
Hamlin, in the most solemn discharge of his
duty, and without objection from any, said :
"Wherefore, I do declare that Abraham Lincoln,
ofthe State of Illinois, having iecei\ ed a majoiity of
the whole number of electoral votes is duty elected
President of the United States for four years, com-
mencing on the 4th of March, Mid. And that Andrew
Johnson, of the State of Tennessee, having received
a mnionfy of the whole number of electoral votes
for Vice President of the United States, is duly elected
Vice President of the United States for fouryuais,
commencing on the 4th day of March, 1S55."
Thus, declaringTennessee to be a State in the
Union.
Further, on the 4th day of March, 1865. An-
drew Johnson was inaugurated Vice President
of the United Slates, claiming to be and was
declared to be a citizen of the State ol Ten-
nessee.
The ratification of the ordinance of secession
of Tennessee by a majority of the voters of that
State was announced by Governor Harris on
the 24th of June, 1861. On the 2d day of De-
cember, 1861, Horace Maynard presented him-
I self at the bar of the Thirty-Seventh Congress
i as a member from the State of Tennessee, was
