1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
24?
39th Cong.... 1st
Protection of American Labor—Mr. Davis.
Ho. of Bkps.
The Democratic party demands to a man the
restoration of the Union. That grand old party
who always maintained the faith of compacts,
who always stood as faithful sentinels on the
ramparts of the Constitution, who never in
legislation knew any East or West or North or
South, who from the time the foundations of the
Constitution were laid warned the people against
sectional fanatics, and repeated the warning
until they were scoffed at as "Union savers
that old party by whose policy, under God, this
Republic marched steadily onward to a posi-
tion of power and resources that has placed
her in the van of nations, a party without whose
united aid in men and money during a rebel-
lion inaugurated by sectional parties the Union
would have been swept like chaff before the
whirlwind, that grand old party demands im-
mediate restoration, not reconstruction.
Mr. Speaker, there can be no evasion now
of the great issues to be tried before the tribune
of the people, union or disunion ? the consti-
tutional rights of the States or centralization
of power in the General Government ?
Sir, if the southern States are out of the
Union, then is our flag, intended as the emblem
of the union of the States and power of this
great Repu*blic, in truth what a radical once pro-
claimed it,, "a flaunting lie," and you should
tear eleven stars from its glorious constellation.
Mr. Speaker, let this agitation cease, now
and forever. Let us heal the wounds of our
bleeding country. Let us restore the Union
before we adjourn. It can be done in an hour.
Let us do it, and the patriotic shouts of the
people will greet our return to our constitu-
ents, and an impetus will be given to industry
and enterprise which in its results will aston-
ish the world.
Let us repudiate all hatred, all sectionalism,
in our speeches or legislative acts. Let us act
on the principle of " malice toward none, with
charity for all," and we will bind the Union in
bands of iron.
Let us lighten the burdens of the sons of
toil by lifting the taxes from the necessaries
of life ; but above all, let us inaugurate the sys-
tem of " eight hours a day" for the laborer and
mechanic in the employ of the Government.
It would pioneer the way to a general intro-
duction of the system into all the departments
of industry. Let us give the laborer and me-
chanic time to cultivate his intellect, to study
the Constitution of his country, to commune
with his family and teach his children, to wor-
ship God, to relax his nerves. Ah! who can
tell, as has been eloquently expressed in song
by the gifted and respected wife of a laborer
in the city of Trenton:
" Who can tell what harps arc hushed
By the roar of forge and wheel:
Or what mighty minds are crushed
'Neath oppression's iron heel?
" Masters I count the gain, the cost,
Labor pays from evei'y pore,
By the grand inventions lost,
Shrouded stars and buried ore.
Brothers, cast your bonds away.
Give the word, ' eight hours a day.'"
Let us remember that the stability of the
Republic under God depends on the working
men. They compose our armies ; they man
our navies; they pour out their blood in our
defense; they are never defiled with political
corruption. I solemnly believe that if the lib-
erties of this country are ever destroyed by for-
eign force or domestic treason that the last
hand that will uphold the last standard of free-
dom will be the hand of the working man, and
in his bosom liberty will find her last resting-
place. Let us do this, and we will bind the
heart of the working man to his country and
its institutions with ties that cannot be severed
by human influence or human power.
Let us double the pension of the soldier who
was maimed or disabled in the service of the
Republic ; give him at least enough to supply
his necessary wants through life. Do not let
us calculate his services by dollars and cents,
or the increase of the national debt. He was
the means of saving to the country the richest
territory on earth, which, without his service^,
would have been lost to the Republic. Do not
let him wander through the nation, whose life
he was the means of preserving, in a condition
but little above the condition of a pauper. And
let us show to the living that we appreciate his
services by doing our duty to the memory of
the dead. Alas! we cannot give our thanks
to the gallant dead. Three hundred thousand
torn by shot or shell or bayonet, or destroyed
by disease, "sleep the sleep that knows no
waking" at Arlington, Andersonville, Gettys-
burg, and on the soil of a hundred battle-fields.
"The muffled drum's sad roll has beat
The soldier's last tattoo;
No more on life's parade shall meet
The brave and fallen foe.
On Fame's eternal camping-ground
Their silent tents are spread,
And glory guards with solemn round
The bivouac of the dead."
They cannot receive our gratitude, but let
us do what wo can to honor their memory ; let
us double or treble the pension of his wife,
made a widow, and his children, made father-
less, by his devotion to the Union.
Lot us do this, and we shall never want for
soldiers who will spring to arms against foreign
invaders or domestic traitors. Let ns avoid
the exercise of all doubtful power. Let us
maintain the supremacy of the civil over the
military power. Let us maintain the independ-
ence of the judiciary; the freedom of speech;
the freedom of the press; the right of trial by
jury, as rights inestimable to the people "and
formidable to tyrants only." Let us foster and
promote public virtue. Let us establish a com-
mission before which the loyal and innocent
victim of the arbitrary power exercised during
the rebellion may prove his loyalty and inno-
cence, and thus save his name from the brand
of treason and his children from the humilia-
tion of being pointed out by the finger of scorn
as the offspring of a traitor. Let there be pro-
vided a redress for every wrong commiued
within the limits of the Republic; then our
laws will be reverenced, and the proudest title
that a man on earth can boast, will be, "I am
an American citizen."
Let us do this, and the Republic will be per-
petual ; then we can look with an eye of faith
through coming ages and see our people the
most prosperous on earth; united under one
God, one Constitution, one destiny, and our
beloved Republic, standing immutable in her
strength then as she now is, "the asylum of
the oppressed, the home of freemen."
Protection of American Labor.
SPEECH OF HON. T. T. DAVIS,
or NEV.'xorjc,
Ix the House op Representatives,
June 16, 1SG6.
The House, as in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, having under consideration the
President's annual message-
Mr. DAVIS said:
Mr. Speaker: As the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means has just notified the
House that this is the last day of the session
which can probably be assigned to general de-
bate on the President's message and the state
of the Union, I propose to diverge from the
discussion of the question of reconstruction, to
which so much time has been devoted, and to
consider a subject of greater and more urgent
importance to the country, name!}", the protec-
tion of the labor and industry of our citizens,
as connected with our finances. And I do this
because I believe that every wise Government
will be careful to preserve its credit by the
adoption of a system of finance which, while
furnishing the revenue requisite for the public
service, shall protect and foster, so far as pos-
sible, the production, trade, and manufactures
of its own people. The wealth of a nation con-
sists not only in the amount of gold and silver
which may be hoarded in its treasury, but m
the power of producing, by well-remunerated
and general industry, all that is essential to
the administration of its Government, the sup-
ply of its citizens with the comforts, the con-
veniences, and even the luxuries of life, and
in that surplus of production over consumption
which makes up the capital of individuals.
Almost a century ago Adam Smith asserted
a proposition which was true then and is true
now, that no nation could long survive a sys-
tem of taxation or finance which, absorbing the
entire profits of industry, left the cost of main-
taining population a charge upon capital. To
Dr. Smith, more than to any other individual,
perhaps more than to all other hulhiduals who
have addressed themselves to the study of
political economy, is due that theory of free
trade which is now the boast of English states-
men, and upon which the American Republic
is invited_by England to establish its financial
system, i believe that our national finances can
never prosper, and I assert that they have never
prospered, under any system of free trade, and
that every approach to it has proved injurious to
ourpeople. L am aware that on almost every hand
it is conceded now that to discharge our public
debt and its accruing interest wc must impose
burdens upon our citizens heavy and grievous
to be borne, and that those burdens musi rest
both upon what wc produce at home and upon
what we consume or use from abroad. Still it
is not to be denied that a certain class of men
of intelligence arid influence are wedded to the
theory of fiee trade, and would, so far as pos-
sible, conform our action to its precepts.
I desire to-day to advocate the cause of
American industry, and to show that its just
protection is one of the highest duties of an
American Congress. I desire to prove that
England, in its advocacy of free trade, has
over acted in view of its own existing system
of labor aud production ; and that so long as
her manufactures and productions required the
protection of legislation that legislation was
bestowed, and that she repealed protective
statutes only when they were useless.
From the time of Edward III to the year
1840 the statute-books of England will be
searched in vain to find a single act based
upon the theory of real freedom in the inter-
change of national productions. In 187!) Par-
liament enacted, for the benefit of British ship*
builders and to encourage employment in the
commercial marine of England, that no mer-
chandise should be imported or exported ex>
ceptin English ships ; aud additional statutes,
with rigorous penalties, for the same purpose,
were enacted down to the time of Cromwell,
when it was made unlawful for a British ship-
per to charter or employ any vessel which was
not built in England by British workmen, com-
manded by a British master, and manned by
a crew at least three fourth Britons. In vio-
lation of the rights of her American colonists
as British subjects, England denied to them,
under her navigation laws, the rights of Brit-
ish citizens. Bv her restrictive and protective
policy England" struck down the commercial
marine of her great rival. Holland, and cen-
tered within the British isles almost the entire
commerce of the world. As early as 13-3 7, Eng-
land inaugurated a system of legislation to pro-
tect her woolen manufactures, and this protec-
tion was extended and enforced until English
producers were enabled to sell then* cloths in
the markets of other nations cheaper than other
nations could produce them.
Edward III was a sagacious monarch, and
perecived the great advantage of inviting skilled
labor from abroad to manufacture in England
the raw material produced bv his own suejects ;
and when the frugal and industrious h lemings,
under his assurance and protection, established
their arts of dyeing, dressing, and weaving wools
