1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
663
qualified and took his seat. On the 23d of Jan-
uary, 1802, Mr. Clements was qualified; and on
th<3 23th of January, 1803, Mr. Bridges appeared
and was qualified. All these from the State of
Tennessee. These gentlemen remained as sit-
ting mem bers until the expiration of theThirty-
Seventh Congress March4, 1803. I would like
to know the difference in the condition and the
status of Tennessee at the dates I have named
(all after the date of the secession ordinance,)
and Tennesse, as we find her to-day. There is
none, and none can be stated.
As if to make the position of the Republican
party more glaring and bare in its inconsistency,
the same gentleman, (Mr. Maynard,) who was
qualified in December, 1861, and held his seat
until March, 1803, now presents himself with
similar credentials from the same district and
people, and is at this time refused admission by
this House.
It is impossible to escape from these free-
will expressions and constitutional acts. If ever
there was a question upon which the Republi-
can party was collectively and individually com-
mitted, it is this which they now seek to avoid.
The Thirty-Eighth Congress passed an act,
which was approved and signed by President
Lincoln, entitled ''An act to change the place
of holding the circuit and district courts of the
United States for the district of West Tennes-
see, and for other purposes." This law was to
keep alive the powers of the United States court
in the State of Tennessee, and for its removal
to Memphis. The existence of Tennessee as a
State was thereby fully acknowledged.
The most important and conclusive proof of
the soundness of the doctrine I have stated is
to be found in the recognition of West Virginia
as a newly erected State in the Union. Before
I proceed to examine the provisions of the Fed-
eral Constitution upon the subject of the admis-
sion of new States and the admission of West
Virginia as an independent State in the Union,
I will recapitulate some of the antecedents of
that act. A convention, professing to represent
the whole Slate of old Virginia, in Api.il. 1SG1,
determined to secede from the Union, and sub-
mitted their decision to a vote of the people of
that State. The State authorities decided that
a majority of the people had affirmed the act
of secession. I do not enter into the accuracy
of that vote, although I believe a majority of
the people of Virginia was at that time opposed
to secession.
The peopleof i lie western counties of Virginia
were with great unanimity loyal and opposed to
secession. A portion of what may be called
East Virginia agreed in sentiment with the peo-
ple of West Virginia. These people very prop-
erly determined to treat this act of secession
as a nullity, elected a Governor and a Legisla-
ture. They organized and constituted what is
called the ''Pierpointgovernment" of Virginia.
It has been held that the " Pierpoint govern-
ment" was legally constituted, and I believe
does not depend upon whether they had the
allegiance of a majority of the people or not.
They were the only loyal people in the State,
and if the lest chose to disfranchise themselves,
they could not expatriate that portion of the
people who were true in their fidelity to the
Constitution of the Federal Government. This
principle is illustrated every day; the legality
of an election never can depend upon the num-
ber of votes cast, and if a majority refuse to
vote it does not impugn the validity of an elec-
tion.
The people of West Virginia, in June, 1861, pe-
titioned the Pierpoint Legislature to be formed
and erected into a new and independent State.
That Legislature, in August, 1861, granted the
petition, and the Congress of the United States,
and Abraham Lincoln,President of the United,
States, approved of and ratified these proceed-
ings, and erected the western part of Virginia
into a new State called West Virginia, which
was thus organized. All the Federal officers
were duly appointed by the President and con-
firmed by the Senate. She sent her three 1\ ep-
resentatives to this House, and they or their
successors now occupy seats without cavil or
! doubt. The Senators duly elected by the Legis-
lature of West Virginia were admitted into the
: Senate of the United States, and they or their
successors also occupy seats.
! Before I proceed to take the constitutional
view of the subject I beg leave to state a fact
antecedent in date but important to the ques-
tion I h%ve under consideration.
The State of Virginia, before the erection of
the new State of West Virginia, and after the so-
called secession of Virginia, sent Representa-
tives tq this House, Messrs. Segar, Upton. Car-
lile, Brown, and Whalcy, who were admitted
to seats on this floor. The two former came
from the eastern part of Virginia. The Pier-
point Legislature elected two Senators, Messrs.
Willey and Carlile, in place of Messrs. Mason
and Hunter. They appeared, were qualified,
and occupied their seats to the end of their re-
spective terms of office. The same action was
had during 1861, 1862, and 1803 in reference to
Representatives from the States of Tennessee
and Louisiana.
The Constitution of the United States pro-
vides in the fourth article, section three, as
follows:
"New States may be admitted by the Congress into
this Un ion ; bu I,no now State shallbeiormed or Greeted
within the jurisdiction of any other State, nor any
State be lormed by the junction oi two or more States
or parts ot States without the consent of the Legi^la-
tuies of the States concerned, as well as of the Con-
gress.''
This is the most potential power vested in
Congress which relates to the internal concerns
of Llie Union.
The erection of Vermont into a new State out
of New Hampshire, Kentucky out of Virginia,
Tennessee out of North Carolina, Mississippi
and Alabama out of South Carolina and Ocor- j
gia, and Maine out of Massachusetts, show that j
it is a power which lias always been exercised
with great carc and al'tcr the most mature delib-
eration. |
Apply these self-evident principles to the
formation of West Virginia, and it establishes
that Virginia after the vote of secession remained
what Virginia was before the act, a free and
independent State in the Union, competent to
cede a portion of her territory to be erected
into a new State; that Congress, when they
confirmed the erection of West Virginia, recog-
nized without limitation the power of Virginia
to cede and the power of West Virginia to
become a new State ; that West Virginia stands
at this day in the Union upon the same basis
that Vermont, Kentucky, Tennessee, Missis-
sippi. Alabama, and Maine occupy, and if you
deny the right of old Virginia to grant the ter-
| litory and of West Virginia to become a free
I and independent State, you must deny the right
' of all the others which lia\e been formed out
of the thirteen colonial Slates. The process of
formation has been literally the same in each
of the cases.
' The constitutional principles I have asserted
are fully sustained by a report of the Judiciary
Committee of this House, upon the transfer of
Jefferson and Berkeley counties from Virginia
to West Virginia.
The report is based upon the constitutional
declarations, that Virginia was a State in the
Union at the time of the act of secession, has
been so during the period of the late rebellion,
is so now, and that there is no power in the
Government to deprive it of its sovereignty as
a State in the Lnion.
On page 7 of that report the committee
state:
"It is perfectly clear to your committee that Con-
gress ha? rio power to institute any measures or pro-
ceedings to chango the boundaries of adjacent States,
or to transfer territory from one to another. The
States alone can make any changes m their bound-
aries or translcr territory from one to another, and
; Congress has no power over the subject except to
' ratify what they may do; and certainly, the power to
j ratify implies the power to lefuso to ratify."
I I ask the members of this House to be guided
by the report of the Judiciary Committee; be
consistent, and when Virginia or any other
former rebel State seeks representation in this
Congress by loyal men to grant such represent-
ation.
I know of no higher law in the country than
the exposition of the Constitution by the Su-
preme Court of the United States. A"reference
to the decisions of that court settles beyoud all
controversy the doctrine which I am now en-
deavoring to support. In volume second of the
decisions of thatcourt, reported by J. W. Wal-
lace, is to be found the case of the Circas-
sian. This case was an appeal from the decis-
ion of the district court of the southern district
of Florida. Its merits depended upon a proc-
lamation of Mr. Lincoln, issued April 19, 1861,
and all the facts of the ease occurred subse-
quent to the act of secession by the State of
Florida. The court entertained jurisdiction of
the case, and thus declared that Florida re-
mained a part of and was in fact within the
Union. This is the deliberate judgment of
Chief Justice Chase and his associate judges.
The same principle was again recognized as
to the State of Florida in the cases of the An-
dromeda, the Venice, and the Beagorry.
Again, this principle was held in the case of
Harvey vs. Tyler, which is an appeal from the
district court of the United States for the west-
ern district of Virginia. Justice Miller deliv-
ered the opinion of the court and fully recog-
nized the code of Virginia as inforc^, and thus
established that Virginia was in the Union and
had always been during the pendency of the
case, which embraces the entire period of the
rebellion. This is one of the most impor-
tant opinions ever delivered on the subject of
titles to lands by that court, the facts and merits
of which are well known to the members on
this floor from the State of West Virginia. The
judgment is not founded upon any fabulous
case, but where large interests were actually
at stake. The opinions of individuals are
brought here to overturn the solemn and delib-
erate decision of the supreme judicial author-
ity of this land. It is left to this House to
determine which shall have the most weight.
I ha\ e selected llie cases specified from the last
volume of the decisions of that court. Many
others could be cited upon the same point, but
time and labor prevent.
Mr. Lincoln before his death made all the
appropriate appointments of Federal and dis-
trict judges, marshals, assessors, and collect-
ors of revenue and other officers in the States
of "Tennessee, Virginia, Arkansas, Louisiana,
North Carolina" and other rebel States where
ever the authority of the Government of the
United States could be reestablished within
thein. Mr. Johnson since his accession to the
Presidency has done the same. And the Sen-
ate of tiic United States have confirmed these
appointments. The Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States have recognized all these appoint-
ments and acts whenever they have come under
their judicial notice.
The Government of the United States is
divided into three distinct departments, each
independent of the other—the executive, the
legislative, and the judicial. I have estab-
lished by the record that each branch have ill
various ways and at different times affirmed that
the rebel States have been without interruption
and still are an integral part of the Union.
Throughout the whole period of Mr. Lincoln's
administration, ho uniformly promulgated one
scltled plan, that whenever the South should
lay down their arms and surrender to the Gov-
ernment they would be received back; and
almost the last public act of his. prior to his
atrocious and fiend-like assassination, was to
offer terms of peace, which, if they had been
accepted, would now find these States fully
represented in this House.
The act of Congress of March 12. 1803, pro-
tects the property of loyal citizens in the rebel
States who have not given aid and comfort to
the rebellion, and allows them two years after
the suppression of the rebellion to recover their
property. It is impossible to suppose that Con-
gress would pass an act to proiectthe property
of loyal citizens, and at the same time deprive
them of their dearest political rights, one of
which is representation in this House.
Mi'. Lincoln, in his third annual message,
