1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3647
I
the Senate, and told melie was about to offer
it, I liad not the mo$t remote suspicion that he
had put pen to paper upon the question at all
—not that he concealed it from me, because
that he is incapable of; butknowing how con-
stantly his time was occupied as chairman of
the Finance Committee and with the running
business of the Senate to which he always gives
attention, and fearing that the state of his
health would not permit him to prepare a re-
ort of this description, I did not suppose that
e was engaged in any such work. Certainly,
if I had so supposed, the minority report, with
his consent, would have been offered on the day
he presented the majority report.
The Senate will dispose of it as they may
think is right under all the circumstances.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It places me in a very
unpleasant situation to object to the reception
of the report presented by the Senator from
Maryland, and I certainly should not think of
doing so if I did not fear that its reception,
under the circumstances, would be leading to
a very bad practice and establishing a new
precedent in the Senate.
The Senator has referred to the practice of
the Senate 011 this subject, and I presume has
stated it correctly, which has been not to re-
ceive minority reports as reports at all, it being
understood that by parliamentary law a com-
mittee can make but one report, and whenever
a minority of a committee or some of its mem-
bers have desii-ed to place their views before
the Senate it has been done in that form, as
"the views of the minority," as the Senator
has correctly stated. I thii^k he did not refer
to any case where a minority report, technic-
ally so called, had ever been presented to the
Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON. In all the instances of it
by the memorandum they are said to be "the
views of the minority." If that is the objec-
tion to the form in which this report is pre-
sented, I can alter it in that respect and simply
beg leave to present "the views of the mi-
nority."
Mr. TRUMBULL. That has always been
made a point in the Senate. I have before me
the Globe in which that objection was taken
to what was called a technical minority report
by Mr. Mason, then a member of this body
from Virginia. He said that no such thing
was known in this body as a minority report.
I think none oflhe Senator's precedents which"
he refers to upon his memorandum show that
a minority report was ever presented in this
body.
But, sir, the object is accomplished by pre-
senting the views of the minority and not call-
ing it a report, which the Senator desires to
accomplish. Although the Senate has thought
it of sufficient importance never to allow hith-
erto a minority report to be made, I do not
see myself any very great importance in what
it is called. But the objection to this seems
to me to be the time when it is made. How-
ever, I ought to say One word in regard to the
suggestion which I made the other day that it
was unusual for one Senator to represent an-
other. I did not make that as_a point, that
the paper should not be received on that
ground. I spoke of it as an unusual proceed-
ing. I certainly should not desire to make
that the ground of a refusal to receive the pa-
per which, is presented by the Senator from
Maryland.
The objection which it seems to me exists
against receiving it is one in point of time. The
Senator from Maryland tells us that he was taken
by surprise when the Senator from Maine pre-
sented his report. It seems that this is an
after-thought on the part of the minority of the
members of this committee. After the major-
ity have presented their report, and after the
measure in connection with which it was pre-
sented has passed both Houses of Congress and
gone to the country, and Congress lias done
with it, it is not to be considered here any
more—some weeks afterward, I believe, I do
not remember thedate, when the Senator from
Indiana asked leave, in behalf of the Senator
from Maryland, to present this minority report,
but I think it was some weeks after the major-
ity report had been presented, and after the
measure had passed from the consideration of
.Congress.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not know what the
"time was. I left here, I think, on the 16th of
June, and the majority report was presented
on the 8th. Iwrote the minority report in three
or four days.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Indi-
ana probably recollects when-be called atten-
tion to this; it was some days ago; I do not
recollect the precise day.
Mr7HENDRICKS. I think it was yester-
day week or yesterday two weeks; it was while
the Senator from Maryland was in Pennsyl-
vania.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was some weeks at
any rate; it is not material as to the precise
number of days.
Mr. HENDRICKS. My impression is that
it was about a week after the Senator from
Maine had made his report, but I will not un-
dertake to say within several days of the cxact
time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Globe will show.
It must have been more than a week, because
the Senator from Maryland did not leave till
the 16th and the majority report was presented
a week before that. This was sometime after-
ward ; it was weeks after the majority report
had been presented and after the subject-mat-
ter had passed entirely from the consideration
of the Senate. Now, for what purpose is this?
What is the object of presenting a report of a
committee? What is the object of presenting
the views of tie minority of this committee?
It is supposed that the object of a report, the
office of a report, is to bring to the considera-
tion of the body the reasons which have actu-
ated the committee in the action which they
have taken. Surely the Senator from Mary-
land does not expect to produce any effect
upon this body by presenting his views after the
measure had passed entirely away and gone for
weeks.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator will al-
io-# me, I will state that I find on examination
that I submitted that document on the 22d day
of June, yesterday two weeks.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And the majority report
I understand was presented on the 8th of June.
Two weeks after the majority report was pre-
sented the minority report was sought to be
presented in this irregular way, a minority re-
port which was prepared after the majority
report was presented to the Senate, a minority
report which the Senator presenting it says he
did not, think of writing until he saw the ma-
jority report. He supposed the chairman of
the committee was too unwell to prepare a re-
port, and therefore he did not think of writing
one.
Was ever such a practice as that heard of in
a legislative body before to-day V I apprehend
not; and if sucli a practice is sanctioned, the
result of it will be that the minority members
of a committee will wait until the majority
present their views, and will then "present a
review of the majority report. The Senator
from Maryland says lie has not done that in this
instance. It is not because I have any objec-
tion to this particular report that I raised this
question, although it was insinuated the other
day that there might be an objection to hav-
ing these views go before the country. _ Cer-
tafnly I have no such objection, and it is ex-
ceedingly unpleasant to make any objection to
receiving the report, even, under the circum-
stances, and I would not do so except from a
sense of duty and from a strong feeling of the
impropriety of allowing such a practice to
obtain in this body.
The Senator says that he had permission
from the committee to make a minority report.
Well, sir, that is a matter outside of the Senate.
The committee could not give that permission.
That is for the legislative body to determine.
Neither could the committee refuse it. The
refusal of the committee to allow the Senator
to submit his views could not take from him
the right to do so if he has that right at all. It
was not dependent upon any action of the com-
mittee ; nor could they grant that right if it did
not exist without their action.
Now, sir, I submit to the Senate whether it
will not be setting a bad example to allow a
minority report—a thing never presented in
this body before—to be received under the cir-
cumstances. I should be very glad myself t 
have the minority report received, out of re-
spect to the Senator from Maryland, if it is no
violation of parliamentary law and of proper
proceedings. I certainly have, personally, no
kind 6f otyection to it, and it is only as a mat-
ter of practice that I have presented the con-
siderations that I have. I_shall be quite satis-
fied if the Senate, consistently with its sense
of duty and its practice, shall feel at liberty to
receive the report, under the circumstances;
and, on the Senator's account, I should my-
self be very glad of it.
Mr. JOHNSON. Of course the honorable
member from Illinois does not suppose that I
consider his opposition to the reception of this
report as personally discourteous to me. I am
sure he is actuated by what he considers to be
his duty to the Senate. I rise only for the pur-
pose of replying to a remark or two that fell
from the honorable member. He says that I
stated to the Senate that I did not begin to
prepare the report until I saw the report of the
majority. That in one sense is correct, and in
another it is not. I had not seen the report of
the majority at all when I commenced prepar-
ing it. I saw it in the hands of the chairman,
and I heard it presented here, but it was not
published in a form in which I could use it
until I commenced writing the minority report.
Why I did not commence writing that report
before was, to repeat it, because I did not think
that my friend from Maine would be able to
make a report, nor did I suppose that it was
deemed necessary, after so long a lapse of time
as between the 28th of April and the 8th of
June, that a report should accompany the
measures themselves.
Now, the honorable member says, and says
with some truth, that the object of these re-
ports is to operate on the measure before the
Senate to which they relate. That is true. It
is supposed that the majority of a committee
who may think it proper to accompany any
measure that they recommend with a report,
do it for the purpose of enlightening the Sen-
ate or aiding the Senate in arriving at a proper
conclusion. But if it is improper to receive a
minority report because the. subject has passed
beyond the consideration of the Senate, I
should like to know from my friend from Illi-
nois why he agreed to receive the report of
the majority. It was presented on the 8th of
June. It was not read. The honorable Sen-
ator from Maine gave his reasons for not read-
ing it. We were about to vote upon the meas-
ures to which it related, and we did vote with-
out any member of the Senate knowing any-
thing that was contained in the report of the
majority, except the honorable member by
whom it was prepared and such members of
the Senate as constituted a part of the com-
mittee of fifteen. The rest of the Senate knew
nothing about it; so that that report was re-
ceived, not when the measure had passed be-
yond the control of the Senate, but just as it
was about to pass, and just as it did pass in
point of fact. And yet, several days after-
ward, as I see by the journals, some fifty thou-
sand copies of that report were ordered to be
printed. What for? Not to aid the Senate
injB'riving at a proper conclusion, because the
niluter had gone beyond the control of the
Senate. It was, as far as it might be consid-
| cred as tending to the instruction of the peo-
ple, for the benefit and instruction of the peo-
ple. The measures recommended in that report
were amendments of the Constitution. The
subject, therefore, was to go before the people,
