Tp£ CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Jijly T,
to. be acted upon by the peppja of- the several
States;: and the porpose of my friend.,from-
Mama—and a proper purpose—ana the pur--
pose of those who agreed with him in direct-,
fng him, if he could,, to, prepare, the reppr-t,
was to recommend the measures which the
committee had adopted fo the sanction of tire
people. The object of the minority report is
to lay before the people w}io are to act on. those,
measures the views o£ the njinqrity.
But my friend has not accounted for pne
fact which seems to me to be fairly before
the Senate. When the chairman offered hi§
report h'£did not ask thsit it be read, for a very
satisfactory reason; it was received and or-
dered to be printed; and I at ouCe announced
that the committee had authorized the minor-
ity, if there should be a minority, to propose a
counter report, and I gave notice to the Senate
that at some future "day, and at as early a day
as I could, such a report would be prepared
and presented, and there was not a word of
objection from anybody. If there had bpen
such an objection, I should uot have prepared,
the report at all; or, if I prepared any report,
it would not have been presented to' the gen-
ate ; that is very certain.
Now, the honorable member says that it was
not my purpose to prepare a report until I saw
the report of the majority. That is true. I
was perfectly willing that the measures recom-
mended by the committee should speak for
themselves; and not believing that my friend
from Maine would be able to discharge the
duty cast upon him, and not heing advised by
him that he was engaged in that duty at any
time, I acted under the full impression that
there would be no report; and certainly, if
there had been no report on the part of th^
majority, it was not my purpose to present a
report on the part of the minority. I should
have been met, if I had offered a report under
those circumstances from the minority, with
the objection that there was no report from the
majority, and of course one would not have
been received from the minority.
But I beg the Senate to understand that I
am not asking the reception of the report upon
any personal ground. Ifl were to ask it, and
the Senate were willing to grant it because
there was no impediment in the way which
they thought was one they could not get over,
I have every reasou to believe, from the pourt-
esy always shown to me by the Senate, that
the report would be received. I ask it simply
now as what I suppose to be the right of the
minority, and what I suppose also to be, per-
haps, the wish of a great many people in the
United States, to see published what the.minor-
jty of that committee may think of the meas-
ures recommended by the majority.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Mary-
land is certainly right when he declines to pre-
sent his case as a personal one. Of course, if it
was so presented, if we could regard it simply
as a .courtesy to the Senator from Maryland,
there would be every disposition, I take it, to
concede to him all that he could desire. There
would be, certainly, ,on my part. X therefore
eliminate that suggestion. There is another
one, also, that I will eliminate; it is that there
can be any disposition on the part of any Sen-
ator to interfere with the entire freedom with
which we express our opinions on this floor,
either individually or- as members of commit-
tees. I believe there is every disposition to
concede to every Senator and to every com-
mittee of this body all parliamentary privileges
possible, everything that is consistent with par-
liamentary law.
Puttingthosetwo considerations, then, aside,
the question that comes to us is whether, ac-
cording to the usage of the Senate, or according
to parliamentary law as recognized by thefstm-
ate, a report from a minority can be received at
so late a day as that on which this document has
been presented by the Senator from Maryland.
.On that question I am clearly of opinion with
the Senator from Illinois. I believe that the
reception of sucjj a minority doemaent—I will
i)Of .call it?a report, bgcapse the parliamentary-
law does not ."recognize it-as such—would not
be consistent with the'tisage of the. Senate, nor
would it-be.for the good of the Sepate in the
conduct,,.of public business, I api sure that
it is not according to the usage of the Senate, _
teg yesjrs ago it fell to me to draw up what at
tie time'I undertook to cftll a, njinority report
on a very important political question then
fore the body, connected sjith the administra-
tion of the fugitive slave !w- Thedoeument
that I had drawn ijp was signed by Mr- Seward
and by myself. It was presented to the Senate,
however, contemporaneously with the report of
the majority on the question. Our. document
was entitled a minority report. It? reception
was objected to, in the first place, by Mr.
Badger, of North Carolina, who the Senator
from Maryland will remember to have been
very acute and well versed in parliamentary
law. He at once took the ground that there
was no such thing known to parliamentary law
as a minority report, and he'Seemed disposed
at the beginning.even to insist that we had no,
right to present any minority statement what-
ever ; but finally he settled down upon the-con-
clusion that if we chose to present a statement
it should be called tb# views of the minority.
Accordingly the document thathad been drawn
up was jo entitled, " the views of the minority,"
and it was presented and received at the same
time with the majority report, and was printed
with it.
TIia,t occurred in 1854 or 1855. I refer to it
as a case which at the time occupied very seri-
ously the attention of the Senate. It related
to a subject with regard to which the country
and the Senate - were yery sensitive; and I
believe it may be considered an authoritative
precedent. It shows the care, the caution with
which the Senate at that tinio were disposed
to watch what was done by the minority of a
committee. To bo sure, that precedent does
not directly decide the question raised by the
Senator from Maryland. There was no ques-
tion there arising from a delay on the part of
the minority; but that precedent does show
that the Sep&te wa.s not disposed to concede
to the minority any considerable privileges;
that its disposition, on the other hand, was to
constrain it, and to compel it to act in a very
narrow field, and without according to what i<t
did even the character of a report. If the Sen-
ator chooses to refer to that precedent, he will
find that what was presented by the mipority
bears the title of "the views of the minority."
So it stands in the Journal of this body, and
so it was printed ainong its documents. -I be-
lieve, therefore, that the precedents of this body
will not sustain the Senator from Maryland.
Now, if you go further and look at the rea-
son of the thing, I believe that will be full as
strong against him as the precedents of the
body. Sir, the reason of the thing is abso-
lutely, if I may s'o say, Against what is now
proposed b); the Senator from Maryland. Con-
cede to a minority what he now asks, and all
minorities hereafter will hold -themselves in
ambush, tf y.ou please, to spring forward, if
they see fit, when the report of the majority
has been made, constituting themselves into
critics and reviewers.
Mr. JOHNSON. The honorable member
does not suppose that was done in this in-
stance?
Mr. SUMNER. I make no such suggestion
as that at all. I am merely trying to present
the danger which I think no one would see
easier than the Senator from Maryland. Now,
the question is whether at this moment we
are disposed, in the first place, to discard the
usages of the Senate, and, in the second place,
to establish a precedent which, if followed
hereafter, may be productive of so much mis-
chief. I think, therefore, whatever may be
its hearings on the present c^se, thof, the Sen-
ate ought to be .sure .and -fix a proper prece-
dent. It ought ito be^r in mind that >vha,t it
does in this very. ipip9rtant e$se will he a rule
of copduct hereafter, a,nd establishing a rule of
conduct is nothing more nor less than estab-
lishing something kindred to legislation itself.
Mr. JOHNSON. The honorahle member
f}\om Illinois—a,nd the same objection has been
made by my friend from Massachusetts—ob-
jects to the receipt of the .paper which I agk
leave to present bgpause. it professes to be a
report, I had supposed that when the views
of a minority are pyesentetf, it is done virtu-
ally as a report, althpugji it may not be called
a report in words. I propose, therefore, to
present it in this way: "I beg leave to present
the views of the iniiiority," striking aut the
word "report."
Mr. FESSENDEN. Perhaps I ought to say
a word in explanation on th'is subject. I have
not theslightest personal objection to the recep-
tion of this paper if the Senate think it proper
to receive it under the peculiar circumstances,
of the case. I suppose, as it has been already
presented in the House of Representatives and
largely printed there in connection with the
report made by the majority, there can be no
particular purpose in presenting it here except,
to have the same number printed whi.eh was
printed of the report itself; and if received by
the Senate, I suppose that permission could
not well be refused. To that I should have no
objection.
1 should have much preferred, however, and
that is one of the objections, that it had been
presented at the time the report itself was pre-
sented in order that they might have gone
together. Pcrhans my hoiiorable friend may
think there is a little vanity in my announcing
my willingness that the two should be com-
pared ; but I Beg leave to say to him, I have
such confidence in the fact that I was on the
right side and he was on the wrong one, that
I am sure, even with his acknowledged ability,
he could not make the worse appear the better
reason. In sucl} a case I should be willing to
have them compared together.
I made the proper explanation to-the Senate
at the time fliat 1 reported the resolution. It
was my intention to prepare a report to come
in with the resolution. Perceiving that the
labors of the committee were drawing to a
point, I had made up my mind at once to com-
mence the preparation of a report, which I
supposed I Should be ordered to make, as chair-
man of the committee; but on the very day that
I proposed to do it and had collected some
papers with a view to make a drawing of the
report, I was seized, as the Senate will remem-
ber, with disease which confined me to my
room and made me unfit entirely for work until
the very last day of the sessions of the commit-
tee on the subject of the resolution. I was .then
sent for; the members of the committee in-
sisted upon it that I should be present at that
meeting if possible; and the very first day that
I went out of my room I went to the commit-
tee-room and staid there for four hoiirs, the
Senator will remember, although very feeble at
that time, while the committee was coming to
its conclusion. It was then moved by some
member of the committee that a report be pre-
pared by the chairman. I stated that I had
been sick, and it had been impossible for me
to do it, arid I had no report ready, whereupon a
motion was made that the chairmant>e directed
to make it out at as early a day as possible.
Mr. JOHNSON. At a future time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. At a future day, but
directed to make the report, so far as the reso-
lution was concerned, immediately. I _gtated
that fact when I presented the resolution to
the Senate from the committee. I remember
well tha't at that time a member of the com-
mittee requested leave also, in the committee,
to present the views of the minority, and the
committee made no objection, but acceded to
it as usual. Owing to the feeble state of my
health and the great quantity of business that'
was accumulated upon me, I found it very dif-
ficult indeed to prepare the reportfttj-d such
as it .was, it waa written in my room at odd.
