664
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
December 8,1863, in discussing tlie reconstruc-
tion of the Union, expressed himself in the fol-
lowing words:
''In some States the elements for resumption seem
ready for action, but remain inactive apparently for
want of a rallying point, a plan of action. Why shall
A adopt the plan of B rather than B that of A? Andif
A and B should agree, how shall they know but the
General Government here will reject their plan? By
the proclamation a plan is presented which may be
accepted by them as a rallying point, and which they
are assured in advance will not be rejected here."
The proclamation alluded to accompanied
the message and is known as the "amnesty
proclamation/'' and bears even date with the
message quoted from. In this paper President
Lincoln made a clear distinction between the
States, as States, and the individuals within
those States who had committed treason against
the United States. These individuals he pro-
posed to pardon upon ceriaiu conditions, with
a limitation, however, as to certain other per-
sons therein described. I quote:
"Therefore I, Abraham Lincoln, President of the
United States, do proclaim, declare, and make known
to all persons who have directly, or by implication,
participated in the cxistingrebellion, except a3 here-
inafter excepted, that a full pardon is hei eby granted
to them and to each of them, with restoration of all
rights of property."
Then follow the conditions of such pardon,
when he sets further forth—
"And I do further proclaim, declare, and make
known, (hat whenever in any of tho States of Arkan-
sas, Texas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Tcnnes>ce, Ala-
bama, Oor^ia, Virginia, FJoiida, South Carolina,
and JNTorth Carolina, a number of pei>ons,not less
than one tenth in number of the vote1* cast m such
State at the presidential election, A. D. 1860, each
having taken thooaih aforesaid and not hiving since
violafed it, and beiug a qualified voter by the elec-
tion laws of the Si are existing immediately before the
so-called act of secession, and exuiudin^ allotheis,
shallrccstabJish a State government winch Mia.ll be
republican and in nowise conuaronm:; &anl oath,
such shall be recognised as the tiuc government of
the State, and the State sha.il receive thereunder the
benefits of the constitutional provision winch declares
that Hhp Cnited States shall guaranty to every State
in this Union a republican form of government, and
shall protect each ot them against invasion ; and, on
application of the Legislature, or the Executive,
(wh^n the Legislature cannot be convened) against
domestic violence.'"
Under the provisions of this proclamation the
State governments of Louisiana and Arkan-
sas were reestablished, and have continued over
• since. The difference now and then being,
that at the time specified Mr. Lincoln held
that one tenth was sullieietit, if lo'uil and oath
bound. And now the t-nliip population are in
like maimer loyal and leady to subscribe to
such oath.
Mr. Lincoln ever continued to treat two of
these States as in the Union, and so declared
in his proclamation oftho 8tli day of July, ]S(>4,
giving his reasons for failing to sign an act en-
titled "An ar-t, to guaranty to ccrtaiu States
whoso governments have been usurped or over-
thrown a republican form of ^overtime t,*'
passed July 11, ISO! ; with this further declara-
tion. that lie should recognize the others in
like manner as soon as they laid down their
arms and conformed with the terms of his proc-
lamation of that date.
J give the words of his proclamation of Julv
8, lte(U:
" Now, therefore, I, Abraham Lincoln, President
of the Uni'ed Spates, do proclaim, deelaie, and make
known, that, while X am (as I was m Dot-ember Inst,
when by proclamation I propounded a plan tor i res-
toration) unprepaied, by a iormal approval of this
bill, to be milexibly committed to any t-ingle plan of
restoration: and while I am aLo unprepared to de-
clare that the free State constitutions and govern-
ments already adopted and installed in Ai kan>a<> and
Louisiana shall be set a-idc and held tor nauyht,
thereby repelling and discouraging the loyal citizens
who hrtve set up the <ame as to further effoi't, or to
declare a constitutional competency m Congress to
abol'sh slavery in States, bat am at the same tune
sincerely hoping and expecting that a constitutional
amendmentaboiishingslavery throughout the nation
may bo adopt«d,neverthclefc?I am fully satisfied with
the system lor restoration contained in the bill as one
very proper plan for the loyal people of any State
ciioo-mg to adopt it, and that I am, and at all times
sh.iu be. prepared to give the executive aid and as-
sistance to any such people, so soon as the military
resistance to the united States shall have been iup-
preyed m anv ?ueh State, and the people thereof
shal have suthciently returned to their obedience to
tno Oon-ntuuon and laws of the United States, m
which c4"c-« military governors will bt appointed
with directions to proceed according to the bill."
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Spaldixg]
during the present session, in an elaborate
speech, said:
"Now, a State may be in the Union as a subject of
government, but may by misconduct forfeit its right
as a part of the governing power."
The gentleman differs from my colleague
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] who is
more consistent in his doctrine when he main-
tained that the southern States are a conquered
people, and without a status as States in the
Union. The doctrine of the learned gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Spalding] amounts to
this, that the eleven rebel States are in or out
of the Union just as we please, aud according
as it suits our whim and caprice. His doctrine
has not, as might appear, the merit of novelty.
It is a paraphrabe of the odious doctrine of nul-
lification as adopted by the convention of South
Carolina in 18o2, which declared that South
Carolina had the right to be in the Union or
out of the Union, just as she pleased, and that
she could declare that she was bound or not
by the laws of the United States as she might
determine.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Shellabar-
geii] has informed us "that he who speaks on
legal questions mast talk well or not talk at all."
This , sir, is a truism applicable to all questions
before the House; and notwithstanding the ad-
monition delivered, 1 shall proceed to examine
the cases which he has quoted, and show that
they are either totally irrelevant, or negative the
principle he was endeavoring to support.
The first case to which he has referred is that
of Penhallow et al. vs. Poane, 8 Dallas, page
64. It is a long and tedious ease, determined
upon facts and decisions prior to the adoption
oi'i lie Federal Constitution, and could not apply
to the question of I lie right of a State to secede.
The judge, Iredell, in delivering the opinion,
entered into a lengthy discussion of the rights of
the people collectively and individually under
an absolute monarchy, a limited monarchy,
aud a republic. The learned judge could not
have dreamed of orforcseenthe prcsentposition
of the South, and if he did it was as extra-judi-
cial as thoDred Scott decision is alleged to lie.
The gentleman, however, has selected a sin-
gle sentence from the opinion of Judge Iredell.
In ?> Dallas, !)3, that court says:
"A distinction i^ hikci, at bar between a State and
the people of a State. It is a distinction I am not
capable of comprehending. By a Slate loimmg a i c-
pubiie, (.-peaking ot it as a moral person.) I dn not
mean the Legislature of the Slate, the Executive of
tiie .State, or fhe iudieiaiy, but all the citizens which
compose the State, and arc, if t may so express my-
self, integral parts ol'-it, nil together forming a body-
politic.''
If any inference, however, could bo drawn
favorably to the argument, the succeeding sen-
tence of the opinion immediately dispels it,
when he says:
"iJut m a republic, all the citizens as such arc
equals, and no eiti'.cn can rightfully exercise any
authority oves another but in vn tueof apower con-
stiimionallvgiven bythe ivholecommimity, and such
authority, when exercised, is in effect an ait of the
whole community which foims such hody-poline.*'
This citation reminds me of (he couplet,
" Commentators have in Homer sought
More than liotner ever thought."
The next case is Luther us. Borden et al.,
7 Howard, page 1. This case arises out of
Dorr's rebellion in 1842, and decides that when
there are two opposing governments set up in
a Slate the Federal judiciary will recognize-the
decision of the State judiciary as to which is
the true representative of the people. It has
no reference to secession, and in my view no
opinion of the court in this ease can be made
to bear upon the secession of the southern
States. -
Another authority relied upon is what is called
the prize cases, reported in 2 Black, page tili'j.
These cases have been frequently referred to by
gentlemen in this House, but at the risk of repe-
tition I will look into them, so as to make my
argument plain and conclusive in this direction.
These cases arose out of captures by our Navy
of vessels attempting to violate the blockade of
the southern port.: and export cotton to Europe,
which trade gave aid and comfort to the so-called
confederate government. Justice Wrier deliv-
ered an elaborate opinion, entering into a dis-
cussion of maritime rights. He, however, re-
duces the ease to a single point, and says it is
immaterial whether the ship and cargo"belong
to a loyal citizen, a rebel traitor, or an ally.
The g onnd of seizure is the illegal traffic or
the breach of the blockade. But, lest it might
be inferred that these southern States so in
rebellion -were no part of the Union, he says in
another part of the opinion:
"By the Constitution,Congress alone has the power
to declare a national or foreign war. It cannot de-
clare war against a State or any numbor of States by
virtue of any clausc in the Constitution."—Page 668.
Thus -the decision of the present Supreme
Court of the United States asserts in an explicit
manner that neither Congress, the judiciary,
the President, nor any other authority in this
Government can declare war against one or more
States. The citizens of a State may rebel and
be punished, but the States remain intact within
the Union.
Another case cited, and the last T shall notice,
is that of Mrs. Alexander's cotton, reported
in 2 Wallace, page 417. She was the otfuer of
seventy-two bales of cotton, which were seized
bythe naval forces of the United States. She
was a rebel, had assisted in Greeting a rebel
fort, and in many ways aided the rebellion.
Cotton, as the court says, wasan element of the
war, and was relied upon bythe so-called con-
federate government. That government had
protected this very cotton from conflagration as
a reward, and also to enable her to export it.
The court decided that it was forfeited to
the United States.
But the court gave her the privileges if she
could prove her loyalty and show "no com-
plicity with the rebel government, that she
might come in and under the act of Congress
of 12th March, 1803, at any time within two
years, and receive the proceeds of her property
which hadbecn seized and sold by order oftho
court.
The decisions of the Supreme Court of the
United States, as far as I am able to hear or
read, fully acquiesce in the principle, that any
loyal citizen who had done no act to aid or
assist the rebellion, or who has not voluntarily
permitted his property to be used by the rebel
authorities, remains a citizen of the United
States with the same rights and privileges
which he had before the commencement of the
rebellion, that he is now a citizen of the Uni-
ted States, and is entitled to all the rights of life,
liberty, and property guarantied by the Federal
Constitution, of which representation on this
floor is one.
Since I had prepared the remarks heretofore
submitted the President of the United States
has communicated to the Senate a correspond-
ence between himself and Chief Justice Chase,
which requires my attention because the answer
of the Chief Justice is at variance with the
statements I have made.
On the 2d of October, 180">. the President
wrote to the Chief Justice that it might become
nccessarv that the Government should prose-
cute some for high crimes and misdemeanors
committed against the United States in the dis-
trict of Virginia, and inquires whether he or
either of his associates will hold a court there
during the autumn or winter.
On the 12th of October, 186-5, Mr. Chase an-
swers that he refuses to comply with the request;
suggests that a military court would answer the
purposes, and concludes by saying that he shall
ivait '' until Congress shall have had an oppor-
tunity to consider and act on the whole subject."
The meaning of the answer is that the Chief
Justice prefers a military court to the highest
civil tribunal oftho country, and that the trial by
jury is dependent upon the opinion of a major-
ity in Congress, and not upon the enforcement
of the Constitution and the laws through the
j judiciary of the country.
[ I should not, however, have noticed this cor-
[ respondence but for the following remark made
: by the Chief Justice :
I " The Supreme Court has hitherto declined to (,o!i-
1 sider eases brought befoie it by appeal or writ oi
! error from circuit or distiiet courts ill the rebel por-
' tiou of our country."
