3650
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7,
"claims;" in the last line of the resolution, to
strike out the word "said," and after the word
" claims " to strike out "as;" so as to read,
"pay the claims adjusted and allowed."
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendments were
concurred in. The resolution was ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, and was read
the third time and passed.
bills introduced.
Mr. WILLEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 412) authorizing aijd directing the
sale of the property of the United States at
Harper's Ferry, "West Virginia; which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. WILLEY. Some days since the Sec-
retary of War sent in a report, in compliance
with a previous resolution of the Senate, in
relation to the condition of the public works
at Harper's Perry. I move that that report,
with the bill, be referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WADE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 121) for the protection of citi-
zens of the United States in the matter of
public loans of the republic of Mexico ; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhbrson, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had con-
curred in the report of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the amendments to the bill (H. R.
No. 51:!) to reduce internal taxation and to
amend an act entitled "An act to provide
internal revenue to support the Government,
to pay interest on the public debt, and for
other purposes," approved June 30, 1804, and
acts amendatory thereof.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had concurred in the report
of the committee of conference on the disa-
greeing votes of the two Houses on the amend-
ments to the bill (S. No. 222) further to pre-
vent smuggling, and for other purposes.
military peace establishment.
Mr. WILSON. T move to postpone all prior
orders and take up for consideration Senate
bill No. 401.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 401) to increase and fix the military peace
establishment of the United States was taken
up for consideration as in Committee of the
Whole.
The Secretary read the bill at length.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand that the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts is not anxious to pro-
ceed with the further consideration of that bill
to-day, and I move, therefore, that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Several Senators. Oh, no.
Mr. GRIMES. Why sit here ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us go on with the
bill wo had up yesterday and finish that.
Mr. GRIMES. There is hardly a quorum
of the Senate here. I do not think there is a
quorum in the building. It is Saturday after-
noon and the weather is intensely hot.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I know it is; but we
might as well go on with the bill we had up
yesterday and finish it.
_ Mr. GRIMES. Several Senators are already
sick, and there are several more hardly able to
sit here, myself among the number.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We had commenced vot-
ing on that bill yesterday, and I think we can
soon finish it.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Harris
in the chair.) The question is not debatable;
the motion is to adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, July 7, 1868.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyntos.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
reorganization of the army.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I wish, with
the permission of the House, to state on be-
half of the Military Committee the present
condition of the bill to reorganize the Army ;
and also to make a proposition to the House
which perhaps will solve the difficulty in which
we are situated. I had an interview the other
day, upon invitation, with the Secretary of
War and Lieutenant General Grant; and I
learned from them, and particularly from the
Lieutenant General, what I also well under-
stand, the pressing necessity just now of hav-
ing some action in relation to the reorganiza-
tion or increase of the Army, with the view
of supplying a need for troops. The enlist-
ments have already gone up to the utmost
capacity of the present Army, and there are
not troops enough for the purposes of the
Government. All the white volunteer troops
have been mustered out, or have been ordered
to be mustered out, and will soon be altogether
gone from the service; and there are not now
many of the black troops remaining.
The condition of the legislative question on
the subject is this. The Senate passed a bill
and sent it to the House. A bill reported from
the Committee on Military Affairs of this House,
and pending in the House at the same time,
was rejected, recommitted, and again reported
back to the House, passed by the House, and
was sent to the Senate. So there is a bill of
the House now in the Senate, and a bill of the
Senate now in the House, In the mean time,
as we learn by our files, there have been several
successive bills brought forward in the Senate,
and I believe the other day, and since the bill
of the House was passed and sent to the Sen-
ate, the fifth bill was produced by the chair-
man of tlio Military Committee in that branch.
From this I infer an indisposition on the part
of the Military Committee of the Senate to take
up and pass any bill which is a House bill. It
seems to me to be preferred that whatever bill
is passed shall be a bill of the Senate. This
may bo because it is desired to have the credit
of the origination of the bill, or it may be some-
thing else. I know not what it is, and it is of
no consequence in one sense; for I am ready
to say, in behalf of the Military Committee of
the House, that wo do not care where the bill
originates, whether in the Senate or in the
House, so that it only contains, as its sub-
stance, that which has our approval, and which
is sanctioned by the action of the House.
There is a means of bringing this matter
speedily to some .sort of conclusion. I am
authorized by the Committee on Military Af-
fairs of the House to make a proposition to
the House; and that proposition is, to ask
permission to report back now the Senate bill,
to move as a substitute for it^the bill which has
been framed by the House, ?all the previous
question, and pass the bill and send it. to the
Senate. Then they will have two bills before
them, one a Senate bill amended by the House,
and the other a House bill, and each embody-
ing what the House has agreed to after a long
discussion. I now ask permission to report the
bill of the Senate back to the House, move the
House bill as a substitute for it, move the pre-
vious question upon it at once, pass it, and send
it back to the Senate. The effect would be
this, as a matter of course: each House acting
upon one or the other bill, no matter which so
it be the same bill in each branch, whatever
may be the disagreeing votes of the two Houses,
would be brought to a committee of conference,
and so the matter definitely disposed of.
The SPEAKER. It requires unanimous con-
sent for such a purpose.
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
reimbursement to nebraska territory.
Mr. KASSON reported from the Committee
on Appropriations a bill authorizing the reim-
bursement to the Territory of Nebraska of cer-
tain expenses incurred in repelling Indian hos-
tilities ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. KASSON moved that the bill be made
a special order for Wednesday of next week
after the morning hour.
The motion was agreed to.
bust of pulaski.
Mr. KASSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on A ppropriations to move that the com-
mittee be discharged from the further consider-
ation of the memorial of Henry K. Kalusowski,
asking that an appropriation be made for the
purchase of a bust of Pulaski, executed by the
late Henry D. Saunders, of Philadelphia, and
that the same be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
discovery of petroleum.
Mr. NIBLACK. I am directed to move that
the Committee on Appropriations be discharged
from the further consideration of the petition
of citizens of Venango county, Pennsylvania,
asking an appropriation for the discovery of
petroleum, &c., and that the same be referred
to the Committee on Patents.
The motion was agreed to.
prevention of smuggling.
Mr. ELIOT submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill of the Senate
(No. 222) entitled "An act further to prevent smug-
gling, and for other purposes," having met, after full
and free conference have agreed to recommend, and
do recommend, to their respective Houses as follows:
That the Senate agree to the first amendment of the
House of Representatives to the bill; that it agree to
the second amendment of the House of Representa-
tives to the bill; that it agree to the third amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the bill;
that it agree to^tho fourth amendment of tlie House
of Representatives to the bill; that the Senate agree
to the fifth amendment of the House of Representa-
tives tu the bill, with an amendment as follows : " in
all cases where the possession of such goods shall be
shown to be in the defendant, where the defendant
shall be shown to have had possession thereof, such
possession .shall be deemed evidence sufficient to au-
thorize conviction, unless the defendant shall explain
the possession to the satisfaction of the jury." That
the Senate agi ee to the sixth amendment of the House
of Representatives to the bill; and that the Senate
agree to the seventh amendment of the House of
Representatives to the bill.
Z. CHANDLER,
J0IXN CON NESS,
Manarters on thepart of the Senate.
THOMAS D. ELIOT,
JOHN L. THOMAS, Jr.,
Managers on the 'part of the House.
The report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
Mr. McRUER. I call for the regular order.
land titles in california.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is called
for, and the House resumes the consideration
of the first business of the morning hour, the
bill (S. No. 443) entitled " An act to quiet land
titles in California."
Mr. McRUER. I desire to consume as little
time as possible in the discussion of this bill,
and I therefore wish to make this proposition
to the chairman of the Committee on Public
Lands; that on our side of this question not
more than twenty minutes shall be occupied,
provided the gentleman will consent that the
vote shall be taken upon the amendment and
the bill before the morning hour expires.
Mr. JULIAN. It is impossible for me to
determine what I may deem it necessary to say
until I hear the arguments on the other side.
I am willing to give the pledge that I will make
my remarks as brief as I can consistently with
what I believe to be my duty. I am not will-
ing absolutely to say now that I will be restricted
to twenty minutes.
Mr. McRUER. We arewilling_ to confine
ourselves to twenty minutes and give the gen-
tleman the remaining forty minutes of the
morning hour, provided he will consent that
the question shall be disposed of to-day.
