1730
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
tion of the duties of their offices without tak-
ing the oath required by Congress, and the
report sets forth the various alterations made
in the oath, the modifications. I hold the
reports in my hand. The present inquiry is
addressed to the time subsequent to this for-
mer report.
Now, the question is whether anything has
occurred to suggest the present inquiry. I am
obliged to say that something has occurred
which has come to my own knowledge. In-
deed, I may state to the Senate that last Satur-
day I called on the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue and he put in my hand from twenty
to thirty different oaths of assistant assessors
which had been reported to the Department;
being so many modifications or alterations of
the oath required by Congress ; and I under-
stood from him that notwithstanding those
alterations or modifications these parties had
been recognized as incumbents of their offices
respectively. It was to bring that information
before the Senate that I felt it my duty to make
this second call, which it will bo perceived is
only supplementary to the first call.
Mr. HENDllICKS. I was aware of the in-
formation so far as it came from the Treasury
Department; I had not noticed the reply of the
War Department; and I think there is nothing
in the communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury that calls for any further investiga-
tion. As I now recollect the reply of the Sec-
retary of the Treasuiy, it amounted to about
this: tli.it there were some persons who had
been appointed to office in the southern States
who had modified their oaths, but in no very
important respect, as I now rccollect; and I
think he said that no salary had been paid in
any case where the party had not taken the oath
prescribed by law.
I suppose there is no Senator who doubts the
fidelity of the Secretary of the Treasury to the
Union, or his fidelity in the execution of the
laws. I think, as a public officer, he stands
very closely by the laws. 1 am justified in say-
ing that of him. Ho may in some instances
find it exceedingly difficult to execute the laws,
the duly of the execution of which devolves on
him in some localities ; and he may have to
use as officers for the time being some persons
who cannot tako the oath without some modi-
fication ; but he has not permanently, as I rec-
ollect his report, appointed men to office and
paid them the salaries who failed to take the
oath. If the Senator says that he wishes to
institute any proceedings against the Secretary,
or to call in question because of this investi-
gation his fidelity to the discharge of the duties
of his office, then there is a purpose in it ;
otherwise there is no purpose in this kind of
resolutions. They simply go to the country as
a sort of impeachment of the officer. I do not
like to see it done in regard to a man from the
State of Indiana who I think is faithful in the
discharge of his duties, as I think Secretary
McCulloch is. I think he is an able officer
and a very worthy one. Therefore, I am
opposed to all such resolutions.
Mr. SUMNER. _ There is a law on our
statute-book requiring that all officers before
entering on the discharge of their duties or
receiving any salary or emoluments thereof,
shall take a certain oath. Now, I presume no
Senator imagines that any functionary of this
Government is invested with what, in old times,
was called the dispensing power ; that even an
officer so important to us all as the Secretary
of (he Treasury can dispense with the law of
the land. For myself, I insist that the ljw of
the land, so long as it continues law, shall be
obeyed both by citizen and by magistrate. I
do not believe that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury can be exempted from any such obedience.
Now, sir, at this moment I make no crit-
icism ; on former occasions I felt it my duty
to criticise his conduct in this respect: I do
not know that I shall deem it my duty to crit-
icise it again ; but, I do think the Senate ought
to have before it all the facts in the ease. We
ought to know to what extent the law of the
land is set aside, if it, be set aside. The res-
olution on your table does not affirm that it
has been set aside ; it simply addresses an
inquiry to certain officers, asking them if in
their respective Departments it has been set
aside, and then it proceeds, if they report that
it has been set aside, to ask the circumstances
under which it has been set aside.
Sir, this resolution is entirely according to
the course of business in this body, and, at this
moment, I submit that it is of peculiar impor-
tance. The Senate ought to have this informa-
tion ; the country ought to have it. And I
submit still further that the character of the
Secretary of the Treasury himself is involved
in an accurate statement of these facts. We
ought to know to what extent the Secretary of
the Treasury is disposed to set aside the laws
of the land.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the resolution offered by
the Senator from Massachusetts.
The question being put; there were, on a di-
vision—ayes 1G, noes 7 ; less than a quorum
voting.
Mr. GRIMES and Mr. SUMNER called for
the yeas and nays, and they were ordered; and
being taken, resulted — yeas 25, nays 9; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Chandler, Clark,
Conncss, Cveswell, Foster, Grimes, Harris, Henderson,
Howard, Howe, Kirkwood, Nye, Pomeroy, Sherman,
Stewart, Sumner, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wade,
Willey, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cowan, Davis, Guthrie,
Hendricks, Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Nesmitli, and
Saulsburv—9.
ABSENT—Messrs. Onurm. Dixon, Doolittle, Fes-
senden, Lmio of Kansas, MoDougall, Morgan, Mor-
rill, Norton, Poland, Ramsey, Riddle, Sprague, and
Wright—14.
So the resolution was agreed to.
BEAM ANT) DIXON.
Mr. COWAN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to repprt a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 56) authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to adjust the claim of Bcals & Dixon
against the United States. I ask that it be put
upon its passage now.
The joint resolution was read a first time by
its title, and passed to a second reading.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania asks the unanimous
consent of the Senate to consider the resolu-
tion now. Is it objected to?
Mr. GRIMES. I ask for the reading of the
joint resolution at length for information.
The Secretary read it. It proposes to author-
ize the Secretary of the Treasury to cause the
accounts of Beals & Dixon, for deliveries of
material after May 1, 18G1, under their contract
with the United States, to be adjusted and
paid, allowing to them such additional prices
for material delivered after May 1, 1861, as, in
his opinion, they may be justly entitled to under
the provisions of their supplementary contract,
dated January 1, 1857, if, in the opinion of the
Attorney General, they have a legal claim upon
the United States for an increase of prices
under their contract.
Mr. CLARK. I think that had better lie
over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the joint resolution lies over.
MILITARY ROAD IN OREGON.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 02.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 62) to amend an act entitled "An act
granting land to the State of Oregon to aid in
the construction of a military road from Eugene
City to the eastern boundary of said State"
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to amend the act entitled "An
act granting lands to the State of Oregon to
aid in the construction of a military road from
Eugene City to the eastern boundary of said
State," so as to grant to the State, for that pur-
pose, such odd sections or parts of odd sections,
not reserved or otherwise legally appropriated,
within six miles on each side of the road, to
be selected vvthe surveyor general of the State,
as shall be sufficient to supply any deficiency
in the quantity of the grant as described occa-
sioned by any lands sold or reserved, or to
which the rights of preemption or homestead
have attached, or which for any reason were
not subject to the grant within the limits desig-
nated in the act.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
GUNBOAT FOR LIBERIA.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 229.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill (S.
No. *229) to authorize the President of the
UnitecLStates to transfer a gunboat to the Gov-
ernment of the republic of Liberia, was read
the second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It authorizes the Presi-
dent of the United States to transfer to the
Government of the republic of Liberia any one
of the gunboats now or hereafter included in
the Navy of the United States, her armament,
tackle, apparel, and furniture, which may be
acceptable to that Government, and can, in the
judgment of the Secretary of the Navy, be
conveniently spared for that purpose, and upon
a valuation to be fixed by him. It also directs
the Secretary of the Navy to enter into a con-
tract with any person duly empowered by the
Government of that republic, by which that
Government shall engage to repay to the Uni-
ted States the value of the gunboat to be trans-
ferred ; but the contract is to stipulate for the
full reimbursement to the United States of the
value of such gunboat in annual installments,
not exceeding ten in number, with interest on
each at six per cent, per annum from the date
of the contract.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Rep-
resentatives were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions :
A bill (H. R. No. 448) granting a pension to
Mrs. Elizabeth York, widow of Shubal York,
late a surgeon in the fifty-fourth regiment Illi-
nois infantry volunteers;
A bill (H. R. No. 444) granting a pension to
Lewis W. Dietrich ;
A bill (H. R. No. 445) for the relief of the
legal representatives of Betsey Nash ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 446) for the relief of
Nicholas Ilibner, late a private in the sixth
regiment Missouri State militia.
WASHINGTON CANAL.
On motion of Mr. WADE, the Senate re-
sumed, as in Committee of the Whole, the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 190) to incor-
porate the District of Columbia Canal and Sew-
erage Company, the pending question being on
the amendment reported by the Committee on
the District of Columbia to insert the following
as a new section :
Sec. 12. And be itfurther enacted, That in order to
aid the said " District of Columbia Canal and Sewer-
age Company" in fulfilling the objects and require-
ments of this act, that all the right, title, pioperty,
interests, and estate, in law or equity, of the United
States of, in, and to the Washington canal and tho
bridges crossing tho same, and the lands upon which
said canal, bridges, basins, loelis, reservoirs, docks,
and wharves are now located, occupied, used, and
constructed^ be, and the same are hereby, vested in
the said " District of Columbia Canal and Sewerage
Company/' to have and to hold the same for the use
and benefit of the said company.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to have the
Senator from Ohio; who has charge of this bill,
explain its provisions. As I understand it,
this section grants to this company all the rights
of the United States to the canal, and the
bridges, basins, locks, reservoirs, docks, and
wharves that are constructed, or that may be
constructed, upon the public lands in this city.
What I want an explanation about is this: the
second section declares that this company shall
do certain things: that they shall dig out the
