1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3651
Mr. JULIAN. 'I think that I can make all
the remarks I have to make in less than forty
minutes, so that we may take the vote before
the conclusion of the morning hour.
Mr. McRDHRR. I understand the gentle-
man, then, to pledge that so far as he is con-
cerned, the vote maybe taken to-day; and
although I would like to discuss this question
at length, still, in deference to the wishes of
the House, I propose to make my remarks very
brief, so that the question may be disposed of
this morning. I now yield to my colleague
.[Mr. Bidwell] for five minutes.
Mr. BIDWELL. The question to be decided
by#the House to-day is one of so much, I might
say of so momentous importance to the State
of California, that it will be impossible for me
more than barely to- make an outline of what
I ought to say in the time allowed me injustice
to the magnitude of the questions involved in
the issue. The State of California was entitled
under certain acts of Congress to grants of
land; no more, however, than other new States.
But the condition under which those grants
were made required that the lands should be
surveyed and brought into market before the
selections could be made by the States. But
up to the present time the lands never have
been surveyed by the United States and brought
into market in advance of the settlement, so
that it has been absolutely impossible for the
State of California to make those selections
unless she made them upon unsurveyed lands.
Anxious to create a school fund with which
to educate the youths of that State she went
on, relying on the justice of the Government,
and made selections of lands. We ask in this
bill nothing more and nothing less than that
the Government of the United States shall
recognize those selections of land so far only
as they do not conflict with any preemption
right, or any homestead or other just and valid
right.
That is all there is in the bill, and it would
be perfectly satisfactory, and we would be
ready now, without uttering another word, to
take a vote upon the bill were it not for the
proposition of the chairman of the Committee
on Public Lands to attach to it an amendment
which reopens the old Spanish claim which
has been settled and adjusted, and that, too, in
accordance with the principles of right and
justice, as I believe, as our delegation believe,
and as every honorable man in the State of
California knowing the circumstances and
merits of the case believes.
Now, Mr. Speaker, one word in reference
to what the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Ju-
lian] said the other day in regaid to settlers
upon that particular tract of land which he
desires to provide for in the proposed amend-
ment. The question will arise as to whether
those persons are settlers according to the
meaning of the preemption laws of the United
States. The register and receiver of the State
of California investigated the questions and
reported that they were not such settlers. That
did not satisfy the Land Office, and another
register and another receiver were ordered to
proceed and investigate the questions. After
eight months of patient and deliberate inves-
tigation, filling seventeen volumes of eight
hundred pages each of testimony taken upon
the question, the decision was that the persons
who settled upon that grant were not in any
sense of the word within the meaning of the
laws.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's five min-
utes have expired.
Mr. McRpUER. Mr. Speaker, in the very
limited time which I propose to occupy upon
this subject it is not possible for me to go into
the various questions touching upon this mat-
ter. This Vallejo grant was made in 1843. It
was occupied and cultivated from that time up
to 1802 without the title being questioned and
without any trespassers going upon it. It was .
a title that in California was unquestioned. In !
1852 or 1853 that claim was presented to the !
board of land commissioners and confirmed |
by them as a good and valid title. An appeal i
was taken by the Government to the United
States district court, and they confirmed the
decision of the commissioners. Whereupon
it was bought and sold, mortgaged and be-
queathed, and no man in California doubted
that it was as firm and as valid as any title by
Spanish grant within the limits of the State.
About the year 1855 it went outof the hands
of the original grantees. It was purchased by
an innumerable number of people. Most of
the city of Benicia was built upon the grant.
The United States purchased Mare Island of
this Vallejo grant.
Mr. BIDWELL. No.
Mr. McRUER. My colleague says I am
mistaken.
Mr. HIGBY. The Government purchased
from the Vallejo title the part on which the
arsenal and armory are situated.
Mr. BIDWELL. That is so.
Mr. McRUER. The Government bought
a portion of the land from that title. The
Pacific Mail Steamship Company, employing
the best counsel in the State, purchased a por-
tion of that grant upon which to build their
ships. The town of Vallejo was built upon
this grant. And but a few weeks since Con-
gress as an act of justice to the city of Benicia
gave it the United States title to the land upon
which that city is founded by virtue of the pur-
chase of the Vallejo title, paying therefor a
valuable consideration. The title was consid-
ered as valid as the title to any land within the
limits of that State. But nine years after the
decision of the district court, under an appeal
to the Supreme Court, to the surprise and to
the regret of the citizens of California, it was
rejected upon what I declare to be technical
grounds.
It has never been questioned that the Mexican
Government would have recognized this title ;
that they would never have attempted to take
possession of this property sold for a valuable
consideration. Immediately on the rejection
of the title by the Supreme Court, when this
land was all cultivated, inclosed, upon which
were towns, orchards planted; immediately
on the receipt of that news a class of men,
not legitimately agriculturists, not preemptors,
thinking this would be a favorable opportunity
to filch from their neighbors the fruits of their
labor and the rewards of their toil, went on the
land and located claims for one hundred and
sixty acres. I wish to call the attention of the
House to a short report made by the register and
receiver of public lands. I ask the Clerk to
read extracts from it.
The Clerk read as follows :
"The trial of these cases has occupied the register
and receiver constantly every working clay, as well
as evenings, for near eight months, during which
time between two and three thousand witnesses have
been sworn and examined, and their testimony re-
duced to writing; and between four and five thou-
sand deeds, documents, affidavits, and the like, intro-
duced and examined."
"A general report of the facts established by said
evidence is. briefly as follows: when the United States
Government took possession of Cahtornia, Don Ma-
riana Guadalupe Vallejo was in the occupancy of
the ranch of Soscol, claiming to own it by virtue of
the grant from the .Mexican nation, which has re-
cently (December term, 1S61,) been dccinred invalid
by the Supreme Court of the United States. His
occupancy was the usual one of the country, and in
accordance with the primitive habits ot the people.
He possessed the land by herding stock upon it. Gen-
eral Yallejo, as military commandante of liis district,
consisting of all Alta California lvmg north of the
bay of San Francisco, was necessarily the leading per-
sonage of the country. His influence among the rude
inhabitants of the territory was almost monarch-
ical, and his establishment was in accordance with
his influence. His residence at Sonoma was the cap-
ital of his commandency, and the people ot the coun-
try for hundreds of miles around looked to General
Vallejo for advice and assistance in business, and for
protection and defense in time of trouble. These
things are part of the history of California."
""We have, therefore, to report that the possession
that General Vallejo had of' Soscol,' in 1S46, was the
usual use and possession of the time and the coun-
try, and that it was the best and most perfect use and
occupation of which the land was capable.
41 The ranch was therefore reduced to possession by
General Vallejo before the Americans took possession
of the country.
" Soon after the American occupation or conquest,
General Vallejo began to sell oil portions ot the 'Sos-
col,' and continued this practice until about tho year
1855, at which time he sold the last of it, and does
not appear to have had or claimed any interest since.
"Thissale and consequent dividing the land into
smaller parcels produced its usual effect in the way
of improvements.
"Prom 1855 to 1860 the 'ranch of Soscol' was al-
most entirely reduced to absolute and actual posses-
sion and control by his vendees, being by them fenced
up into fields, surrounded by substantial inclosures,
and improved with expensive farm-houses, out-build-
ings, orchards, and the like, and was cultivated to
grain wherever suitable for that purpose.
" It had upon it two cities of considerable impor-
tance, namely, Benicia and Vallejo, each of which
had been at one time the capital of the State of Cal-
ifornia,
"No rural district,of California was more highly
improved than this, and but a very small portion
equal to it.
"The title to 'Soscol,' before its rejection by the
United States Supreme Court,was considered the very
best in California. All the really valuable agricult-
uralland in California was held under Mexican grants,
and as a consequence, all had to pass the ordeal of
the land commission." * * * * *
"Prom 1853 to about 1860 very few had been finally
passed upon by the courts, so that during that time
the question for the farmer to decide was not what
title is perfect, but what title is most likely to prove
so by tne final judgment of the Supreme Court.
" Among tho very best, in the opinion of the pub-
lic, stood 'Soscol/
" One conclusivc, unanswerable proof of that fact
is this: that there was not a single settleron the grant
at the time it was rejected. Xot one person on it ex-
cept insubordination to the Vallejo title. Every res-
ident on the whole tract held his land by purchase
from Vallejo, or his assigns, and held just precisely
the land so purchased and not one acre more or less.
This fact was not even disputed during the whole
eight months of investigation through which we have
just passed. It is a notorious fact that of the grants
in California which have stood the test of the Su-
preme Court, very many have been entirely in the
possession of squatters, and all with more or less of
such possessions, and the final patent has alone suc-
ceeded in recovering the long-lost possession to the
grant holder. There were no settlers on the ' Soscol.'
The people had tho most perfect confidence in the
title. It had been twice confirmed by tribunals of
high authority and great learning—first by the Uni-
ted States land commissioners, and then by the Dis-
trict Court of the United States." J< *
"The sales of lands upon the 'Soscol' were made
at prices which called for perfect title; they brought
tho full improved value of the land. Money was lont
on mortgage in the same way." " * * *
"Thusstood matters until early in the year 1862,
when the intelligence reached California that the
grant had been rejected by the Supreme Court. The
strugglesoon began. There was at the time employed
upon the United Statesnavy-yard at Mare Island, and
also upon the Pacific Mail Company's works at Beni-
cia, a large number of mechanics and laborers. There
was also in the towns of Benicia and Vallejo a large
floating population. Tempted by the great value of
these lands in their highly improved state, many of
these persons squatted upon the ranch.
"The land-holders m possession resisted.
"The houses of the great majority of the settlers
were erected in the nighttime, as it was necessary to
enter the inclosed fields by stealth. These houses were
built of rough red-wood boards setup edgewise, with
shed roof and without window, fire-place, or floor.
4' They were about eight feet square, sometimes eight
by ten feet, and never over six feet high.
" Wc have no hesitation in saying that they were
utterly unfit for the habitation of human beings, and
further, that they were never designedfor permanent
residences. The mode of erecting these shanties was
as follows: the planks were sawed the right length in
the town of Vallejo or Benicia in the afternoon of the
day, and at nightfall wereloadedupon a cart. About
eleven o'clock at night tho team would start for the
intended settlement, reaching thereabout one or two
o'clock in the morning. Between that hourand day-
light the house would be erected and finished. Some-
times the house would be put togetherwith nail.*, but
when too near the residence of the land-holder in
possession, screws would bcu^edto prevent the sound
ofthehammerattractingatteiuion. Ver> ft w of this
clat!? of settlers remained upon their claims above a
few day. but soon returned to their ordinary occu-
pations in the towns.
" Genci ally after they would leave the land-holders
would remove the shanty from the grouud. In K>me
cases they would pull (hem down wnh force imme-
diately upon discovering them, and in the presence
of the settlors.
"A few of them got settlements near enough to
their places of employment to enable them to work
in town or at the navy-yard, and to sleep in their
shanties—some regularly, others only occasionally.
These generally remained longer than the others, but
none of this class have remained up to the time of
tho trial.
" None of the settlers who went on since the grant
! was rejected have attempted regular improvements
| or cultivation. A few have harvested the gram
j planted by the land-holdcis: as it gicw on their
! quarter they would harvest it, and ofier this as
! evidence of good faith and cultivation..
i " "We have no hesitation in pronouncing, from tne
evidence, that these are not settlers within the spirit
i of the preemption laws, but are mere speculators,
j desirous of getting the improvements ot anotnci to
! sell and to make money. „ ,
: "There are on the Soscol a few persons who claim
i preemption rights, but who occupy a diflerent posi--
j tion from the above. They are persons who, octoio
I the rejection of the grant, purchased small paioelS
