1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
667
rebellion. That would be to take military juris-
diction of treason under another, name, unwar-
ranted by enlightened precedent, contrary to
the laAvs of nations, and revolting to the judicial
and legal mind of the world.
THE PRESIDENT'S POSITION ON TRAITORS.
For one I indorse what the President says in
his message on the subject of treason, that—
"Persons who are charged with its commission
should have fair and impartial trials in the highest
civil tribunals of the country."
And I am prepared to sanction all just legis-
lation to accomplish it. Whoever repudiates
this policy consents thai treason shall escape all
punishment. This will find a ready sanction
and response in the sentiments and sympathies
of rebels and of our enemies abroad j but of
such I am not.
I indorse instead the Attorney General, who
says:
" I think that it is the plain duty of the President
to cause criminal prosecutions to be instituted before
the proper [.civil] tribunals and at all proper times
agaiu&t some of those who were mainly instrumental
in inaugurating, and most conspicuous in conduct-
ing, the late hostilities. I should regard it as a dire-
ful calamity if many whom the sword has spared the
law should spare also.''—Letter to President, January 4.
The resolutions under consideration assign
these reasons-in favor of a civil trial:
"In order that the Constitution and the laws may
be fully vindicated, the truth clearly established and
affirmed that treason is a crime, that traitois should-
be punished, and the offense made infamous, and, at
the same time, that the question may be judicially
settled, finally and forever, that no State of its own
will has the right to renounce its placc in the Union."
These are the words of the President. They
are his reasons, not mine. Gentlemen who re-
pudiate them condemn him, and not me. Their
surpassing wisdom overshadows the President,
not me.
But certainly it is desirable to have a judicial
condemnation of secession and treason.
HAVE CONFIDENCE IX COURTS.
The profound learning and loyalty and purity
of the august judicial tribunals of the nation
command the admiration and respect, not only
of this but of every land, and'no lawyer can
doubt but that they will truly interpret the Con-
stitution and laws. A failure to invoke their
judgment will inspire with new life and vigor
the heresy of secession, not yet extinct, but liv-
ing among the disloyal of the South and their
sympathizers North. EvenPresident Buchanan,
in his last annual message, denied the power
of Congress "to make war against a State."
He is a bad citizen who contemns all judicial
opinion, for when rightly settled it becomes a
part of the Constitution and laws, and carries
conviction to the minds of the people when
force operating 011 fears alone may not. A
judicial condemnation ofsecession does sanctify
in history with additional weight, not only the
irreversible verdict of war, but the justice of
our struggle to achieve it.
He who asserts that an adverse judicial decis-
ion—a conceded impossibility—can change or
impair the verdict of the war, fails to comprehend
the magnitude of its results, and distrusts the
loyalty of the people. No, 110, the national life
does not, cannot depend 011 the fate of a traitor,
or the judgment of a court; but the national
justice will be shocked if all treason shall go
unpunished, or if the nation is imbecile, judi-
cially to declare it a crime.
Those who oppose civil trials lest failure may
result must oppose military trials for the same
reason ; they would shield traitors from all
punishment.
"The President deems it expedient that Davis
should lirst bo put upon trial betore a civil court."—
Letter Secretary of War, January 4.
He knows the evidence of treason is un-
doubted; he may know the proof for a military
offense, and tribunal is less ample.
I might prefer the military trial lirst, but wo
cannot control or dictate the order of proccecl-
">S-
The President demands a civil, not amiliiarv
trial. and thi* is better than none. The forty
rebellions in the last eight centuries of English
history furnish abundant examples of civil
trials, but not one of a military trial for treason
or conspiracy merely. Sir. Bishop declares
that a competent jury cannot be procured, but
I affirm it can.
Chief Justice Marshall, in Burr's trial, refer-
ring to a case where there might be an "obvi-
ous impossibility of obtaining a jury whose
minds were not already made up," as in a great
rebellion, and speaking of the ordinary rule as
to jurors, declared that in such case, "when
this necessity exists, the rule perhaps must
bend to it." And so jurors would be compe-
tent who eould impartially try cases notwith-
standing their opinions of general guilt against
conspirators. Jurors generally will have no
opinions as to the particular acts of treason
which may be charged in an indictment; and a
bill is now pending in the other end of this Cap-
itol making jurors competent who can "impar-
tially try the accused."
The marshal loyal, at least, under this Ad-
ministration, may, by act of Congress of Sep-
tember 24, 1789, select a jury " from such parts
of the district, [the whole State,] from time to
time, as the court shall direct." (1 Stat. 88.)
By the act of Congress of June 17, 1802, the
court may exclude all who have "adhered to
any rebellion,'' since justice demands that trea-
son should not be tried by traitors.
In the whole State of Virginia there are thou-
sands of competent jurors, men who fled from
rebellion and have since 1
ern citizens now there.
THE PRESIDENT WILL PUNISH TRAITORS.
Any citizen may volunteer advice to the
President in relation to the execution of a civil
sentence, and surely Congress may do as much.
Enlightened history gives the precedent for
this: (1 Howell's Stale Trials, 1190; 2Strype's
Annals, 1:34; 2 Ward's Law,of Nations, 345;
II State Trials, 807.)
But we tender no advice ; we merely indorse
the President's policy as declared by himself.
In the Senate, March 2, 1801, the now Presi-
dent, then Senator, said;
"Show me who has been engaged in these conspir-
acies, who has-iired upon our Hag, who lias given in-
structions to take our forts and custom-houses, and
arsenals and dock-yards, and I will show you a traitor.
Were I lhesident of the United States, 1 would do as
Tnomas Jcfieiaon did in 1806 with Aaron Burr. I
would have them arrested: and, if convicted within
the meaning and scope of the Constitution, by the
Eternal God I would execute them.5'—Ant/rem John-
son, in the United Maton >Senate, March 2. 1861; Con-
gressional Globe, vol. 4.4, part 2, pages 1351-1354.
And this is but a repetition of -what the great
Commoner, Henry Clay, in the Senate in 18o0,
in speaking of Mr. Khett, now infamously no-
torious, declared, when he said;
" If he pronounced a sentiment, attributed to him,
of raising the standard ol' disunion and resistance to
the commin Government, whatever he has been, if
he follows up the declaration by corresponding overt
acts, he will be a traitor, and 1 hope he will meet the
fate of a tiaitor."—1G Benton's Abridgment, 59-t.
Conventions and people in rebel States, and
rebel sympathizing England, by her press and
otherwise, have all been clamorous for pardon.
TEE AMNESTY PROCLAMATION WISE.
The amnesty proclamation, in duo time to be
still more enlarged, presents an example of
rare but wise magnanimity. But traitors alone
should not dictate a policy that might restore
Jefferson Davis to the Senate and to power.
Let England be reminded of her own traditional
policy, and be silent.
THE PRESIDENT INVITES THE ACTION OF CONGRESS
AS TO TREASON.
But why should Congress resolve upon these
questions? I answer, because the President
invites our action on '1 the whole subject.'' His
message tell us:
" That the circuit court of the United States would
not be held in Virginia until Congress snould have
an opportunity to consider and acton the whole sub-
ject. To your deliberations the restoration^ ol this
branch of the civil authority of tile United States is
therelore necessanly relerred."
And this he recommends, that civil trials may
be had. W hen we make laws we must enter-
tain if we do not express opinions on the pur-
pose for which they are made. The punishment
of treason is a great national question, not to
be measured by ordinary rules in time of peace.
The President and almost every loyal Gov-
ernor by message, and many of the courts in
charges to grand juries, have declared that
treason has been committed and should be pun-
ished, and these resolutions declare the same.
They express no opinion as to individual guilt
save only as to Jefferson Davis, and whoever
would affect scruples of his crime must ignore
all history, doubt the existence of the war, leap
over the sublime to the ridiculous, and become
himself a traitor, or lack the capacity to com-
prehend treason. We only affirm what Govern-
ors and courts and people and all history have
declared.
Mr. Bishop says:
" Jn a case like that of Mr. Davis, the Government
has, during four whole years, in every variety of form,
pronounced, not that there was a violent suspicion
against him, but that, absolutely, he was guilty; and,
on this declaration, the Government has pledged its
credit to lenders of money to an enormous extent,
and cemented the declaration in the blood of thou-
sands slain."—2 Criminal Law, sec. 1222.
We have a right to prescribe terms of recon-
struction, and make punishment one of them.
(3Howard,U. S., 589; 16Howard, 309; 1 Black,
436-474; 5 Elliot's Debates, 492, August 29,
1787.)
CONCILIATION.
Gentlemen may talk of conciliation. I, too,
am in favor of speedily inaugurating the era of
"peace on earth and good will to all men"—
an era of universal brotherhood and universal
justice.
IRREVERSIBLE GUARANTEES.
When by irreversible guarantees secession
shall be repudiated ; the supremacy of national
allegiance and national adjudications affirmed;
a just basis of representation in Congress and
the Electoral College secured; the rebel debt
repudiated, the impudent claim of compensa-
tion for slaves made free shall be rejected ; our
national debt and obligations to Union soldiers
placed beyond repudiation; with the personal
rights of every citizen secured; with every State
pledged to provide common schools for all its
youth, then, with unqualified loyalty restored,
the era of fraternity will be secured. I do not
say that all these are indispensable prerequi-
sites of reconstruction, but unconditional loy-
alty is. Each State must be judged on its own
merits, since some may be prepared for recon-
struction before others.
THE GREAT CRIME OF REBELLION.
And now let us contemplate the magnitude
of the crime which is to be dignified into respect-
ability by exemption from punishment.
It was against a Government which Alex-
ander IT. Stephens in January, 1861, declared
was—
"The best and freest Government, the most equal
in its rights, the most just in its decisions, the most
lenient m its measures, and the most aspiring in its
principles to elevate the race of man that the sun of
heaven ever shone upon."
And further;
"That no man could name one governmental aet
of wrong deliberately and purposely done by the Gov-
ernment of Washington of which the South has a
right to complain."
Nor was this rebellion the work only of the
misguided and unpretending masses, over whose
erring but repentant steps, the mantle of char-
ity is gently laid, with amnesty and pardon,
blessing alike the donor and recipients.
Bat it was the work of men, some of whom,
like Davis and Lee, had been educated at the
public expense in the nation's Military Acad-
i emy for the purpose of vindicatingthe Govern-
I ment against all its enemies, but who when
\ warmed into life in its bosom, sought to inflict
! the sting of death in its heart by employing the
■ military skill which was the nation's property
to accomplish its overthrow.
I It was the work of men. some of whom held
I scats in Buchanan's Cabinet, and there aided
1 in disarming, plundering, and reducing to the
I verge of bankruptcy the Government they were
i bound by honor and by oath to protect.
! tt was the work of men, some of whom were
intrusted with the power of legislation in both
