1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2691
Sir, the inquiry as to what governments now
exist iu these States, is a matter wholly for
Congress. It is not a ^usurpation, it is not
coveted by Congress, but it devolves upon this
branch of the Government. The exercise of
this prerogative is not to prevent the restora-
tion of these States, but to promote this object.
Congress is only an agent. From the mur-
piurings of some, one might well infer that
Congress were the offending party, and that
these traitors are innocent and persecuted
patriots.
4. The relations and the rights of these
States should be restored as speedily as the
interests of the parties concerned will permit.
Reconstruction is the natural fruit of the
rebellion. If this fruit is bitter, attribute it to
its wicked planting and more pernicious cul-
ture. The process of reconstruction involves
such weighty interests that no desire, be it ever
so worthy, for a speedy restoration of these
States will justify a sacrifice of these inter-
ests. The question, in my judgment, is not
may, but to what extent shall, Congress inter-
fere with the municipal affairs of these States?
My reply is, to any extent that the common
good may require. When these States were
threatening the life of the nation no one doubted
the right of the Government to defend itself.
To this end it raised armies, fought battles,
captured and disarmed their forces. Thiswas
not that they were alien enemies, but for the
reason they were rebellious subjects. Our
Government did this for the same reason and
by the same authority that the ministers of the
law arrest criminals or suppress a riot. The
right to do this exists at all times. Crime only
gives occasion for its exercise. But for the
rebellion the exercise of this right would have
remained inoperative. The exercise of this
power is incident to sovereignty. It was to
secure these and kindred rights that the Gen-
eral Government was established. Vattel
says:
"A nation or a State has a right to everything that
can help to ward off imminentdanger and to keep at
a distance whatever is capable of causing its ruin.
And tliis from the very same reason that, establishes
its right to the things necessary to its preservation."
More particularly, allow me to say, the Thirty-
Ninth Congress of the United States is not act-
ing for the present only, but also for coming
ages. The General Government, the govern-
ment of each State, no matter what its status,
the citizens of each and their successors are
interested in the business of reconstructing
these States. Four million human beings just
emerging into the sunlight of freedom ; the mil-
lions to whom the perpetuity of our _ Govern-
ment has ever been a cherished object; the
vast numbers enervated and corrupted by a
system that degraded and then sought to de-
stroy our Government, and especially the loyal
men of the rebellious States, are looking to tins
Congress in hope. Shall we disappoint or fail
to protect them ? Vattel asserts :
"The body of a nation cannot abandon a province,
a town, or even a single individual who is a part of
it, unless compelled to by necessity."
Sir, there is a sublimity, yet a simplicity in
truth. There is a conception so pure that all
men do it reverence. There is a stand-point so
elevated that no one fails to perceive the.truth
who occupies it. It is just where "justice and
mercy meet and embrace.'' The enforcement
of law is not inhuman ; the Government that
chastens its erring is not an enemy of its sub-
jects ; the parent who enforces obedience is not
unmerciful to his child; these are evidences
of the faithful discharge of Christian duty. Mr.
Speaker, there is, there never has been, any
opposition to, no hatred of, the South. The
opposition is to traitors, the hatred is of trea-
son ; the object, to reform the first and to pre-
vent a recurrence of the last. Is this exceed-
ingly wicked?
Ours is not a Government for the white, nor
is it a Government for the black,- but it is a
Government for man. To legislate for any
class, irrespective of another, is equally unjust
and ruinous to both. The attempt to do this
has drenched our land in blood and filled it
with sorrow.
Sir, it is claimed that the inhabitants of these
States recently in aimed rebellion are repent-
ant. Where is the evidence? Do they mani-
fest it by murdering Union men, by electing
traitors to offices of trust, or are we to believe
it from their arrogance of manner and the
assumptions of their press?
The prodigal made no attempt to destroy,
he only abandoned his father's house; and
after wasting his substance he proposed to re-
turn. What was his language? "Father, I
have sinned against heaven and before thee,
and am no more worthy to be called thy
son ; make me as one of thy hired servants."
There was evidence of contrition. Let these
more than prodigal States manifest this spirit,
and evidence their sincerity by appropriate
acts, and the " fatted calf" will be cheerfully
slain.
Suppose we were the conquered, and they
the conquerors. What would they exact?
Sir, should we receive these men, these con-
spirators, whose unwashed hands yet drip with
the bipod of our slain; they as well as their
descendants, our constituents, and our posterity
the universe of man would pronounce the
Thirty-Ninth Congress of the United States of
America as infamous as imbecile.
Look at it. Our soldiers sacrificed home and
all of its joys, turned their wives and their
children over to the charities of the nation, and
then they offered themselves upon the altar of
their country. By this patriotic devotion they
saved our Government from its enemies. In
memory ol this heroism, in reward of this love
of country, it is proposed to admit their unre-
pentant enemies into these sacred Halls to
enact laws, and to make provisions for the pro-
tection and the subsistence of their widows and
their orphans. In their agony, may not these
insulted ones exclaim:
" Had it pleas'd Heaven
To try me witli affliction ; liad lie rained
All kinds of sores, and slimnes, on my bare head;
Steeped me in poverty to the very lips;
Given to captivity me and my utmost hopes;
I should have iound in some part of my soul
A drop of patience: but (alas!; to make [my country]
A fixed figure, for the time of scorn
To point his slow unmovmg finger at,
Maddens my brain."
Sir, I can never, T will never consent to admit
any man as a peer upon this floor whose gar-
ments are crimsoned in patriot blood. I should
fear the avenging thunderbolts of an offended
God. What! Shall we voluntarily surrender
to traitors the citadel the defense of which has
cost so much? Has victory reduced our Gov-
ernment to the alarming condition that it must
be administered by its enemies? If it has, then
is victory disaster, patriotism a crime, and de-
votion to country calamitous indeed. These
traitors could not take our capital by force; we
therefore yield it to them, that they may yet
triumph.
I would compel the rebellious inhabitants of
these States to protect the loyal men within
their borders. I would require, them to send
loyal men to these Halls as representatives. I
would have them understand, now and forever,
that by reason of their criminal acts, no leader
in this rebellion, no man who has been edu-
cated at the expense of the Government or
who has ever held an office under it and then
sought its overthrow, can ever hope to fill any
position of trust, or exercise the elective fran-
chise. I would impress upon each of these
men the sentiments so well and so truthfully
expressed by President Johnson, ''That the
traitor has ceased to be a citizen ; and in join-
ing the rebellion has become a public enemy.
He forfeited his right to vote with loyal men
when he renounced his citizenship, and sought
to destroy our Government." I would enforce
these doetrins if it took an army of two million
men. This being done, in my judgment, these
traitors should still thank Almighty God and
an indulgent Republic that their conditions are
made so easy. What! When I have repulsed
and disarmed the assassin, must I take the
villain into my house and allow him to share
in its control?
There should be some discrimination between
innocence and guilt, between loyalty and dis-
loyalty. Is the punishment I suggest too se-
vere? Listen to the President of the United
States. On the 22d day of February, 1866, he
declared, "I came into power under the C<}n-
stitution of the country and by the approbation
of the people. And what did I find? I found
eight million people who were in fact con-
demned under the law, and the penalty was
death." I inquire, how can they escape? By
submitting to " the situation;" by simply recog-
nizing the rights of others.
Mr. Speaker, there are others than these
criminals who are entitled to a hearing. Ages
of privation, centuries of wrong and oppres-
sion have rendered them weak. They, as well
as the ei^ht million people now under the
penalty of death, are asking to be heard. Are
they entitled to a heari.-g? Let us examine
the position of each. The condition of one
is self-imposed; the sorrows of the other were
wantonly inflicted. The first are trespassers;
the last have been trespassed against. One is
the dispoiler; the other the dispoiled. One
class were made strong and powerful by a be-
neficent Government; they used this power for
its overthrow. The other class have been en-
feebled and impoverished by that same Gov-
ernment, and yet they sustained it in its hour
of trial. One has been guilty of inexcusable
ingratitude, the other has been a living exem-
plification of that more than human prayer,
'•Father, forgive them, for they know not what
they do." One has been and now is a bitter,
implacable enemy ; the other lias been friendly
under almost irresistible provocation to hate.
Which, then, has the highest claim? The first
committed treason against the Government of
! their own choice: a Government under which
I they had acquired wealth and power. The last
1 have been loyal to that same Government, yet
in its counsels they have never been heard, and
under it they have been degraded and beg-
gared. One has fared sumptuously and been
clothcd in purple and linen ; the other has lain
at his gate wounded and sick and fed upon
crumbs. I will not say one shall be "com-
forted" and the other "tormented." I only
refer to an ancient record supposed to be
authoritative.
But it is alleged the black man is ignorant,
unfit for eitzenship. Grant it. But who made
him so? Who robbed him of his earnings and
then barred the school-house? Unfitted for
citizenship! He is guilty of no crime. He is
not under the "penalty of death." His rights
have been uniustly withheld—the others were •
forfeited by law. He solicits the rights for
which he has patiently waited and prayed for
centuries. Yet. being denied them, he has
obeyed the law. served his oppressors, and
waited an 1 prayed, and prayed and waited.
The other imperiously demands the rights he
forfeited under a law in the enactment of which
he participated, and he now insists he is cruelly
wronged because these rights are not restored
to him contrary to law. And what is more
deplorable still,"thesecriminals, "thesepeople
under the penalty of death," claim superiority,
and with an impudence peculiar to unmixed
wickedness, wkh ail arrogance begotten of
slavery, not only claim the right to clay the
tyrant over these ignorant, enfeebled andhelp-
le«s black men, but with an effrontery unpar-
alleled in history, they ask that they may
participate in the duties and powers of admin-
istering the Government of the United States
of America with honest and loyal white men.
"I charge thee, tliui,- away ambition;
By that sin f"U amvU; how can man, then.
The uua?e of his Maker, hope to win by t.
Mr. Speaker, if I have succeeded in my
purpose I have shown—
1. That neither the acts of secession nor
the war have iu any way abridged the powers
or the jurisdiction of the General Government
over the insurrectionary States. _
2. That these States are still m the Union,,
