1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1731
canal so that it shall be ten feet below high-
water mark ; but I do not see that there is any
power of limitation reserved by Congress, or
any power left on the part-of anybody to en-
force this performance on the part of the com-
pany, and no power even to change, alter, ox-
amend the charter itself that we create by the
passage of this bill.
Mr. WILLEY. I propose to offer an amend-
ment at the end of the second section, which
will, perhaps, cover the difficulty to which the
Senator from Iowa refers.
Mr. GRIMES. Let us hear what it is.
ThePRESIDING OFFICER. (Mr.PoMERox
in the chair.) The question now is upon the
amendment of the committee.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to know what
the amendment that the Senator from West
Virginia proposes to offer is before we give
away all our interest in the canal.
Mr. WADE. I intended to make a brief
explanation of the bill. I proposed to do it
after these amendments had been made; but
if gentlemen are opposed to the bill they will
be opposed to the amendments. The amend-
ments really restrict the power of the company.
There have been before the Committee on the
District of Columbia various propositions for
abating this most terrible nuisance, which for
many years this canal has been in the warm,
dry weather. A portion of that committee the
other day traversed that canal from near the
arsenal grounds up to Georgetown, and no one
can look upon it without seeing that it is full
of all kinds of filth of the most disgusting,
abominable, and, in my judgment, dangerous
character to the health of this eUy. How that
could be abated has been a question of a very
great deal of difficulty before the committee,
and there have been a great many propositions
to do it. None of them, however, seemed to
be very satisfactory. None of them proposed
to do it with any great facility. Not one of
them proposed to do it so as to remedy the evil
at this season that I know of except the com-
pany that appeared and made the proposition
substantially contained in this bill. Here was
a great company that was organized for the
purpose of running a canal from Annapolis to
the Potomac river and up this canal, so as to
make a navigable canal between these two
points, running along this canal to Georgetown
and coming down here to the navy-yard. The
points are designated in the bill. But that was
the general scope of the bill.
This canal has been of no use to anybody that
I know of for a great many years, certainly not
since I have had any knowledge of the city, and
I do not know how much longer. I believe it
is used for no useful purpose whatever. This
company for the purpose of carrying out their
plans came before the committee and offered,
if they could have this canal, to make it ten
feet deep below low-water mark, and of a given
width—1 believe about seventy feet, and that
they would keep it so that the sewerage of the
city could be emptied into it. and a brisk cur-
rent of water from the upper Potomac passed
through it to clear it of all the dangerous de-
posit that is made there every year. It seemed
to us to be the best method that could be de-
vised ; for when that is done and the banks of
that canal are filled with a healthy, brisk cur-
rent of fresh water that will wash ail the sewer-
age out into the liver and carry it out with the
tide, it certainly will divest it of all its danger-
ous characteristics.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does it affect the pub-
lic grounds ?
Mr. WADE. There will be a connection
through the public grounds, but it will do no
injury to those grounds as we suppose.
Bj'this bill we agree to surrender to this
company whatever rights the public have in
that canal, provided they will eleu* it out in
this mariner, and we do surrender the canal to
them with all its bridges and appurtenances for
this purpose. They will have entire and full
control of it, under such restrictions as wo see
fit now to impose upon them. Their plan I
think is very feasible. At Georgetown the old
Baltimore and Ohio canal locked down to the
river, I believe at Rock ereek, and so entered
the Potomac. Coming down to that level at
tide-water, there was no current that could be
precipitated through the banks of this canal to
take out the sediment, and there it is deposited.
This company propose to commence at those
locks which lock down into that stream, and
build an aqueduct there and carry the canal
right across it to the high ground on this side
and up toward the Observatory, so that they
will have a fall, I believe, of some thirty-five
feet or more, and thus they can have any
amount of current in the canal that they deem
necessary. The great difficulty in the old canal
was, as 1 said before, locking down there into
the stream, and then they could have no cur-
rent whatever to carry this deposit away.
They do not ask the Government to pay any-
thing for this privilege. They want to have
the privilege of navigating this canal with large
boats as part and parcel of the canal that they
intend to bring down from Annapolis, and the
canal goes beyond that. Their intention is to
make this a great coal depot. The company
believe that that will be the great business of
the canal, although it will do a great deal of
other business undoubtedly. That we did not
consider of much importance to us; that is
their lookout.
The corporation of the city of Washington
claim that they have an interest in this canal.
I do not know that they have not such an
interest. The committee have thoroughly in-
vestigated that matter and traced up the title
so as to ascertain whether they really have any
such interest or not. 1 find that a good many
years ago there was a company that undertook
the construction of this canal, and they laid out
a good deal of money upon it; but they did not
lay out any money that I can find except what
the Government appropriated. The legal title
to this canal was conveyed over and vested in
this city corporation I believe at a certain time,
and they undertook to clear it out and keep it
in proper condition, but tliev never did any-
thing to it All the debt that they incurred the
Government paid off. At one time the Gov-
ernment paid $150,000 ; at another period—I
have not the paper before me and cannot ex-
actly state the dates—they paid $20,000 for
keeping it cleared out; and at another time
$20,000 more. I do not find upon the record
that the corporation of the city ever paid one
single dollar of their own for the construction
of this canal.
However, we do not pretend to divest the city
of any part of the title they can make to it. The
company themselves undertake to pay off the
claim the city may have to this canal, if they
have any. If they can make any title to it the
company, of course, will have to pay them what-
ever it is worth ; but we allow them to condemn
the property along the line of the woik in the
usual way in making railroads and canals. If
they cannot purchase and buy out the land from
the owners wherever they want to go with it,
they have to do as railroad builders and canal
projectors always do; they have to go before
the courts, have a commission appointed, the
lands appraised, &e. The provision of the bill
on that subject., I believe, is in the usual form
in which land is condemned in this country for
public purposes. If the city can establish a
claim to the canal it will have to be got in that
way, by commissioners appointed to appraise
the value of it, and the company will have to buy
it. I really suppose they have no substantial
claim, for 1 do not think from all I have seen
that they ever paid a dollar toward it. I have
heard the mayor himself say that they had a
claim to it, and they may assert that claim.
The committee understand that whatever claim
the corporation of this city or anybody else can
make to this property this corporation will have
to pay off. If they can agree upon the price,
well and good ; if they cannot agree upon the
price the bill provides in the usual way how the
value of it shall be ascertained and paid off by
the company. No objection, I believe, can arise
from any such titles that may be made to it.
I am not quite certain as to whether there
is a sufficient restriction in the bill with regard
to the passage of the canal over any portion
of the public grounds, though I feel very sure
that it is safe enough in that regard; but if
any gentleman supposes that the bill requires
any further restriction on that subject, inas-
much as a canal passes over a little corner of
the public grounds, so that it shall not inter-
fere with any public property of the United-
States, either now erected or hereafter in con-
templation of erection, or any such restriction,
I have no objection to it. The design is to
bring this canal into the Eastern branch of tho
Potomac when they get down where the water
is ten feet deep, which we are assured is very
much above the navy-yard.
Mr. GRIMES. Then they will follow it
down from the Eastern branch along the river.
Mr. WADE. That is so.
Mr. GRIMES. The second section reads:
Between tho waters of the Anacostia river, com-
monly known as the Eastern branch, where it enters
the District of Columbia, running along said riverto
its junction with the Potomac river—
Right through the navy-yard and through
the arsenal grounds—
and the Potomac river and the Chesapeake and Ohio
canal.
And then it follows up the Potomac.
Mr. WILLEY. The Senator from Ohio will
remember—I do not see it in the amended bill
as reported—that an amendment was agreed
upon in the committee so as to obviate the
difficulty suggested by the Senator from Iowa,
striking out all after the word '' branch'' in the
sixth line of that section down to and includ-
ing tho words "river and'' at the end of the
eighth lino; and I have also an amendment
which I think will meet the objection of the
Senator from Iowa entirely.
Mr. WADE. There is an amendment to
obviate that. T am only speaking now of the
general scope of the bill. There arc one or
two amendments that are proposed by the com-
mittee to be made to the bill which I think will
make it entirely safe. I know of no other plan
contemplated that will relieve us of the danger
of that nuisance at this season. This company
assure us that in three weeks from the time this
bill shall pass they will put this stream of water
through the banks of this canal entirely cover-
ing up the dangerous matter there. Of course
it will take another season to dig it all out, but
they will immediately do what will prevent its
being dangerous and such a nuisance as it is
now. No other plan contemplates any such
thing. There is another. Surveyors have been
sent out, but we cannot hear anything from
them, and do not know whether they are mak-
ing any progress in the surveys or not. There
has been a proposition to cover up the canal,
and give the land which would be thereby made
to a company for doing it, but nobody seems to
be responsible for it, and there is nothing doing
in that line, nothing that promises any immedi-
ate action on the subject. I think this is a vig-
orous company, ready to go to work now, and I
can see no real objection to granting them this
privilege, provided the proper restrictions are
applied to it, and of course nobody objects to
such as are necessary to make it entirely safe.
I think it ought to be done, and if it is done at
all, it should be done speedily. That is all I
wish to say about it just now.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is not my purpose to
oppose this bill, but I think it proper that I
should make a statement. At the last meeting
of the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds before the sickness of its chairman,
Senator Foot, the subject of the improvement
of the public grounds, particularly of the im-
provement of this canal, was discussed. What
was the exact conclusion of the committee I am
notable to say; but I had the impression that
it was decided that the committee ought to re-
port a resolution to the Senate providing for
the appointment of an engineer.
Mr. GRIMES. We have passed through Con-
gress a resolution ordering the Secretary of War
to detail three engineers to survey this canal
