2692
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
but by reason of their criminal acts, they have
forfeited the right of being represented in our
national councils.
3. That the legislative branch of our Gov-
ernment only-can restore this right and relieve
these States from their present disabilities.
4. That these disabilities should be removed
and these States should be restored as speedily
as the safety and the interelts of the several
parties concerned will permit.
In conclusion. I remark, men die, principles
never. The individual who orders his life and
shapes his course for no purpose other than to
secure the popular applause of to-day ; the party
that is actuated by no loftier impulses than
expediency ; the Government that ignores the
cardinal principles of justice and tiuth, must
expect an ignominious grave. Statesmen and
philosophers pass away and they are forgotten.
But principles live on. In the ages when
inscriptions which chronicle the fame of the
wisest, no matter Sow deeply engraven, shall
have been entirely effaced, these principles,
radiant as were they when the stars hymned
their first song of praise, shall speed on, shall
prosecute their work until the "will" of the
Sovereign of all shall "be done in earth as it is
in heaven."
Mr. PATTERSON. Mr. Speaker, the able
and protracted debate on this floor and in
the Senate upon the subject of reconstruction
has been of an extraordinary character. It
has involved largely first truths in political
philosophy, and reminded one rather of the
solemn and earnest discussions in the Conven-
tion of 1787 than of the forensic encounters of
an ordinary Congress.
Nor has the interest been confined to these
Halls. The peopl^of the whole country have
followed these debates from day to day with a
profound sense of the reach and magnitude
of the principles involved in the issue. No
graver or more difficult questions ever per-
plexed a legislative assembly.
The prudent hand of free labor has given
the products of three generations and pledged
the wealth of the children to maintain the in-
tegrity of the Government; the blood of half
a million victims, innocent of the crime of
oppression, has redeemed four millions of a
despised race from a debasing servitude, and
thrown them, poor, ignorant, and helpless,
upon our charity and justice.
These precious results of popular sacrifices
and sufferings must be made secure against the
subtile craft and embittered hate of an experi-
enced and powerful ioe by the statesmanship
of this Congress, upon whom Providence has
devolved the task of perpetuating the Republic
• and of insuring the liberty and welfare of its
entire population in this and the generations
to come.
Posterity will hold us accountable for the
improvement of this splendid opportunity of
civil liberty. It is the offspring of the ages,
and has been brought to the birth in our time,
amid the shock and agony of revolution, for
the realization of grand and beneficent pur-
poses in the divine economy. The Machiavel-
lian dogma, that it matters not whether we act
or how^ we act in these unsettled and pregnant
times, is dangerous teaching.
In this transition period, when a mistake
might be fatal to liberty, the people will not
be lulled into security by any Circcan form of
speech. Nor will they long submit in patience
to the narrow ambition and unthinking zeal
which attributes to a question of temporary
policy the importance of essential principles,
and stakes the permanent welfare of the coun-
try upon a personal triumph. They demand
wise but decisive action, and hold in healthy
contempt subtile dialectics and musty prece-
dents which there is no power to enforce, and
which each nation accepts or rejects as will
best subserve its interests. Justice and public
safety are to them the natural and supreme law,
and by them they will test our work. They
demand that these shall be realized in the set-
ting up and readjustment of the disorganized
States, They will never consent that we should
put liberty to sleep upon any Procrustean bed
made by the fathers, much less strangle it in
the cast-off garments of its own childhood.
American liberty is equality before the law,
and the protection of person and property.
No emancipation is complete which does not
secure these primary rights to the freedman.
Nothing less wilt satisfy public opinion or ac-
cord with the spirit of the amended Constitu-
tion. Political heresy must be excluded from
places of power, and never again permitted to
scatter its poison into the fountains of legisla-
tion. It is the simplest dictate of legal justice
and political prudence that the leaders of the
rebellion, who have been foiled in their at-
tempt to destroy the Government, but not
purged of their purpose or their hate, should
be banished forever from the halls of legisla-
tion, the courts of justice, and the seats of
administration. It is equally clear that timo
should be allowed to remove the prejudices
and soften the asperities of a hostile popula-
tion, ere they are permitted to exercise the
elective franchise and sway the forces of polit-
ical power. Can these grand results of the
revolution be fixed by permanent guarantees
in the present discordant state of public senti-
ment? I answer unhesitatingly, they can and
will be. The common sense and common
patriotism of the people, which have baffled
the force and the machinations of treason,
which have brought the latest and mightiest
conflict for civil liberty to the most splendid
triumph of history, will not in these first days
of restored peace be cheated of the fruits of
victory by the craft of politics or the passion
of parties. With such a past, our faith may
repose upon the people and the God of na-
tions for the future. Differences of opinion
and strong language are to be expected and
tolerated upon great and abiding questions of
national polity.. A party which can boast of
an undisturbed unity of sentiment in a forma-
tive epoch like this, has either become too
corrupt or too imbecile to be of service to the
State.
W c are reminded that leading Republicans
in Congress and out of Congress aie in conflict;
so were Hamilton and Madison in the Consti-
tutional'Convention, but they stood together
in the production of the Federalist, that immor-
tal argument for the adoption of our organic
law so largely the result of their combined wis-
dom and forbearance. ¥e should invoke
upon our deliberations the spirit that blended
firmnessand moderation, and harmonized with-
out the sacrifice of principle, conflicting views
and interests in the councils of our fathers.
Some among us would have universal suffrage,
while others would exclude inperpetuo all who
have participated in rebellion from the politi-
cal rights which attach to citizenship. These
things may be right. Are they possible? Can
abstract justice be realized in any form of
human institutions? Men are not made for
Governments, but Governments for men, and
must bo adapted to their circumstances and
wants.
Self-government is not possible for savages,
nor absolutism for an educated and virtuous
people. Between these extremes there must
be political gradations to meet the varying con-
ditions of society. So in the restoration of the
States to their Federal relations, we cannot
ignore the past or blink out of sight the num-
bers who have been in arms against us. Vat-
tel, in defining the conduct due to insurgents,
says it should be " such conduct as shall at the
same time be most consonant to justice and the
most salutary to the State. Subjects who rise
against their princes without cause deserve
severe punishment; yet even in this case, on
account of the number of delinquents, clemency
becomes a duty in the sovereign."
Neither can we shut our eyes to the general
ignorance, inexperience, and subserviency of
the emancipated. I do not counsel, and would
not allow any concessions which would jeop-
ardize the safety of the Government or the wel-
fare of the freedmen; but we cannot wholly
disregard,,in laying down our platform ofrecon-
Struction, the opinions, or the prejudices even,
of the thirty thousand men of Tennessee wlio
fought With us, and of the other thousands of
other States who, standing in the very path of
the terrible tempest, never wavered in their
loyalty as it swept away their all, and brought
to their hearth-stones unutterable forms of wos
and death.
But, sir, while I am anxious for harmony
among the friends of the Government, I spurn
with a righteous scorn the arrogant claims and
insulting advice of the State criminals who have
been put upon the stand to testify in respect to
the amiable deportment and loyal attitude of a
population which the Government has not yet
dared to let slip from its mailed hand, and to
signify upon what conditions these squelched
rebels will deign to resume their functions in
the Union. The impudent and unblushing
assurance with which these rebel leaders, after
their utter overthrow and humiliation, rehearse
their defunct-dogma of State sovereignty, and
plead their constitutional right to an exemp-
tion from all disabilities, and a resumption of
all privileges, is such a burlesque and mockery of
the stern realities of the time a's the genius of
Aristophanes never reached. Guilty of every
political crime, and deserving a thousand fold
the taints and forfeitures of treason, they assert
their innocence in the face of an insulted but
magnanimous people. Standing above the
graves of three hundred thousand victims of
their wrath, these men who have made the very
air hot as the shirt of Nessus with their poi-
soned words of malediction and denunciation
against the Government, insist upon being pro-
pitiated, and demand admission to the forum
of legislation, the halls of justice, and the seats
of administration. Are we not turning this
bloody tragedy of revolution into a comedy of
errors ? Why, sir, the culprit at the bar pleads
the magnitude of his crime as a ground of
acquittal! Nay, he even claims the right to
ascend the judgment seat and pass judgment
upon his accuser, and threatens ere long to
assume the place of the executioner.
" 0, judgment, thou art fled to brutish beasts,
And men have lost their reason."-
Yfith all deference to the opinion of others,
I think these men have no business here but to
plead for pardon. The court which takes tes-
timony from the criminal sits upon a rotten
throne. The Government which seeks coun-
sel and support from its enemies is both weak
and treacherous. Sir, it is the right of those
whose political tenets are universal liberty and
universal justice, and who have hallowed their
creed with their blood, to make conditions of
return and to rebuild the shattered fabrics of
State governments on principles which will
obviate future antagonisms and conflicts in the
sisterhood of States. I would pay to these
fallen chiefs the tribute due to men who were
brave in a cause, and would give them the
privilege to live and die in unmolested obscu-
rity. "All is not lost," even to them. They
invoked war upon the land, and in the bloody
carnival the slaves have done what their fathers
did, asserted their inalienable right and made
themselves free. The Nemesis of national
justice has swept away the opulenfce which
they had wrung from unrequited toil, has de-
prived them of the power to dispense an ele-
gant and magnificent hospitality in the sweat
of other men's brows; but Providence has
kindly left them the consolation of their hounds
and fighting cocks. As they sit amid the ruins
and desolations of their great plantations, their
chastened spirits may still find fit utterance in
the sweet lyric of Cowper:
"I am monarch of all I survey,
My right there is none to dispute;
i4roni the ccnter all round, to thy sea,
I am lord of the fowl and tho brute/'
When we look simply at the future peace and
safety of the Itepublic, the work of reconstruc-
tion seems simple and unpcrplexed.
That the governments of the insurgent States
should be reorganized by and maintained in the
hands of men sincerely loyal? is too nearly self-
evident to admit of argument. It is equally
