3652
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7,
of land under Vallcgo, of quantity less than one hun-
dred and sixty acres, say from ten up to seventy or
eighty acres, This class of persons, with some ex-
ceptions, desired to extend their boundaries so as to
include one hundred and sixty acres, the amount
allowed by the general preemption laws of the Uni-
ted States. This they could only do by taking m the
land of their conterminous neighbors, who had bought
and were holding under the same title with them-
solves. Those who would lose by this encroachment
strenuously objected, and contests and conflicts were
the spoedy result."
Mr. McRUER. I-will consume but a very
few moments further. I want to say to_ this
House that it is impossible each individual
member will acquaint himself with all the cir-
cumstances of this case so as to form a sol-
emn and just opinion. I say it is inevitable
that such full information should be confined
to the California delegation. Now, this class
of vandals, who call themselves settlers, can
find no friendly voice to speak in their behalf
in the California delegation ; and not only this
delegation, but the same was the case in the
last Congress and in the preceding Congress.
They could not "find a single voice coming
from California representing the people in the
various sections to speak in behalf of this class
of men. The united voice of the whole dele-
gation is against these men.
Mr. HALE. Allow me to ask a question.
As the gentleman has remarked very properly,
a large proportion of the members of this House
are unable to examine this matter personally.
As he has referred to the position of the Cali-
fornia delegation, I ask for my own benefit, as
well,as for that of other members of the House,
whether this involves any other than a construc-
tion of California law and California grants.
Mr. McRUER. It is nothing else. In re-
gard to this case, it is put into this bill which
we have prepared to quiet land titles as a rider.
It has nothing to do with this matter. I ask
the Clerk to read the paper I send up.
The Clerk read as follows:
The undersign ed, of tin: Co mm it too or) Public Lands,
ben leave to report that in their opinion the amend-
ment proposed touching the question of the rights
of settlers upon the Soscol ranch should not bo at-
tached to this bill to quiet land titles; but, as it in-
volves questions of a judicial character, should be
referred to the Judiciary Committeo.
D. C. McRUER,
A. J. GLORSBRENNER,
STEPHEN TABBR,
J. l!\ MtTGGS,
E. U. EOKLEY,
GEORGE \V. ANDERSON.
Mr. McRUER. That is a majority of the
committeo. They say this should not bo at-
tached to this bill. Though I feel I have pre-
sented the ease imperfectly I demand the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Julian] having reported the bill, is
entitled to one hour to close the debate.
Mr. JULIAN. Mr. Speaker, I have been,
I confess, a little astonished at the closing
statements of the gentleman from California
as to what he alleges to have occurred in the
Committee on Public Lands of this House. I
do not know by what authority he comes hero
and reveals what occurred in that committee
without the license of the committee.
Mr. McRUER. I have not alluded to any-
thing that occurred in the committee.
Mr. JULIAN. The gentleman denies that
he has alluded to anything that occurred in the
Committee on Public Lands. He knows that
the paper he has had read was presented in the
committee, and he has therefore made revela-
tions here unwarranted by parliamentary usage.
Now, let me state, since he has broached the
subject, some further facts. A majority of the
committee voted to adopt the amendment
which we have reported to this bill. The gen-
tleman from California [Mr. McRukr] moved
afterward to reconsider the vote for the pur-
pose of striking out that amendment. The
committee deliberately voted him down. A
second time, and at a subsequent meeting of
the committee, he renewed his motion to strike
out the amendment from the bill, and the
committee a second time refused to strike it
out; and a private paper which some gentle-
men on the committee have signed, under the
persistent importunities of the gentleman from
California, ought not to have been introduced
here, and does no credit to the gentleman who
exposes the facts, and could not have been
desired by my colleagues on the committee.
But what I state is, that the committee delib-
erately adopted this amendment and delib-
erately refused, on two occasions, to strike
out the amendment from the bill as reported.
Mr. BIDWELL. I desire to ask the gentle-
man whether what he calls the committee did
not consist of five members, three voting in
the affirmative and two in the negative, and
whether he did not refuse, at the request of
six members out of the nine, to entertain a
motion to reconsider and omit the amendment.
Mr. JULIAN. I will answer the gentleman.
When this amendment was first adopted in the
Committee on Public Lands I was not present,
being necessarily absent on business. How
many members were present I do not know.
And in answer to the second part of the gen-
tleman's question I will state that, as chair-
man of the committee, I never refused to en-
tertain a motion, when made in order by any
member, to reconsider the adoption of that
amendment, but I put the vote twice and the
committee refused to take that action.
Mr. McRUER. I would ask the chairman
of the committee if he did not refuse to enter-
tain a motion to reconsider the amendment
after I had shown him this paper signed by
six members of the committee.
Mr. JULIAN. I will answer that question.
I had entertained a motion to reconsider and
strike out this amendment twice, as already
stated, and the committee had twice voted
down the motion. I refused any longer to put
an unparliamentary motion, and the gentle-
man knows that when he made his motion it
was not in order. There must be some limit
to motions to reconsider, or no business can
ever bo completed. I hope the gentleman is
answered.
Mr. HIGBY. Do I understand the gentle-
man to say that what is stated upon that paper
signed by six members of the committee did
not transpire in the committee?
Mr. JULIAN. I have said nothing about
it further than already stated in reply to the
gentleman from California, [Mr. McRuer.]
Mr. HIGBY. Well, is it a fact? My col-
league [Mr. McRuer] asserted that he had
said nothing of what was done in the commit-
tee. The chairman of the committee, in reply,
told him that he knew it took place in the
committee.
Mr. JULIAN. I reiterate what I have al-
ready stated. He does know that the paper
in question was presented in committee.
Mr. HIGBY. That is what I wanted to
know.
Mr. JULIAN. The gentleman's colleague
will not deny it.
Mr. HIGBY. Then that was the action of
the committee.
Mr. JULIAN. The paper was presented
in the committee, and that statement of what
occurred there comes here in violation of par-
liamentary usage through the gentleman's col-
league. I give the gentleman the benefit of
the revelation in connection with what I have
said of the refusal of the committee to recon-
sider its action, as I have properly reported it
to this House.
Mr. HIGBY. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him another question ?
Mr. JULIAN". The gentleman desires a
vote on the amendment, but if he consumes
all my time by asking questions I shall have
to extend my time.
Mr. HIGBY. Does the gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Julian] say that what was done in
committee cannotbe broughtbeforethe House?
Mr. JULIAN. The gentleman understands
what I say, that the particular facts transpiring
in committee are not proper to be stated to the
House. But the gentleman is welcome to all
the information he has obtained through the
methods employed by his colleague.
The gentleman from California [Mr. Mc-
Ruer] says that this matter has been agreed
upon by the California delegation. And in
answer to the question of my friend from New
York, [Mr. Hale,] whether this measure con-
cerned anybody but the California delegation
and the people of California, he expressly re-
plied that it did not. Now, I have something
to say on that point, and it will be to reiterate
some facts which I presented here more at
length the other day.
In the year 1862, under the decision of the
Supreme Court of the United States, this Val-
lejo Spanish grant was pronounced void, and
from that time this ranch of ninety thousand
acres became public unappropriated lands of
the Government. After that decision scores
of preemptors, as they had a right to do, went
upon this public land, built their cabins, made
their fences, and asserted their rights under
the law.
Mr. DAVIS. I want to make an inquiry of
the gentleman for my own information.
Mr. JULIAN. Very well.
Mr. DAVIS. I want to inquire whether
these persons of whom he now speaks as pre-
emptors were not purchasers under the grantees
of the Mexican Government. ' ,
Mr. JULIAN. I will answer the gentleman.
The persons I speak of were not generally
grantees under the Vallejo title. Some of the
Vallejo claimants accepted the terms of the
preemption law and acquired rights under it.
But the preemptors generally, of whom I now
speak, claimed under the preemption laws of
the United States, irrespective of any title un-
der the Vallejo grant. They entered upon these
lands as preemptors, and upon the conflict
which arose between them and the Vallejo
claimants an appeal was made to Congress
to pass a law allowing the Vallejo claimants
to purchase the land at $1 25 an acre, to
the extent to which they had reduced their
lands to possession. That law was passed,
procured, as I proved the other day, by false
and fraudulent representations of the facts;
statements from California speculators who
came here and represented that these Vallejo
claimants were some three or four thousand
small land-holders who had built their fences,
erected their houses, and planted their or-
chards, and desired only to purchase their
little possessions at the rate of $1 25 an acre.
I proved here the other day that so far from
that being true, one of these " small land-hold-
ers" owned twenty-seven hundred acres, and
resided in South America, never having lived
upon the land. I proved here from the records
of the Land Office that another of these "small"
claimants owned five thousand acres. I showed
from the records of the department that seven
only of the claimants under the Vallejo title,
who were also non-residents of the soil, claimed
about fifteen thousand acres of land. Certainly
these men, who never resided upon the land,
and instead of being "small holders" were
large land-owners, had no rights as " settlers "
and preemptors under the law of 1868.
Mr. DAVIS. I would ask the gentleman
whether the persons who did not reside on this'
land were not the grantees under the Vallejo
title.
Mr. JULIAN. I have already stated that
they were all grantees under the Vallejo title.
And I also stated that the law of Congress
which they procured to be passed here was
passed upon the false and fraudulent repre-
sentation that they were all small holders and
occupants of the soil, claiming simply the right
to preempt and purchase their small posses-
sions to the extent to which they had reduced
them to actual possession.
Mr. BID WELL. I would ask tlie gentleman,
who made the representation that there were
three or four thousand small land-holders.
Mr. JULIAN. That statement was made to
the Senate and House Committee on Public
Lands. I believe the friend of the gentleman,
General Frisbie, was one of those who made it.
Mr. BIDWELL. There is no such thing in
the report.
