252
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 16,
Ho. op Reps.
Protection of American Labor—Mr. Davis.
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
increased if need be to ton or twenty millions.
Sugar, tobacco, rice, wheat, corn, rye, hemp,
flax, hops, are the growth of our varied climate
and soil.
The steam power which vitalizes every part
of England, performs in her mines, her mills,
her machine-shops, her founderies, upon her
railways, the daily labor of six hundred million
people, and gives support to the greatest mer-
cantile marine upon the seas.
With a population of thirty millions, her ex-
ports exceed seven hundred millions in value,
upon a gold basis, while ours were less than
two hundred and fifty millions, with a popula-
tion in excess of hers and on a depreciated
currency.
Why, with every element for the mainten-
ance of profitable labor, shall we submit to the
fallacy of British free trade, that she may sup-
ply us with her manufactures, and pay us, not
what we may demand, but what she may con-
sent to give, for our agricultural productions?
Give us protected labor; give to manufac-
tures and agriculture mutual protection by
encouraging in every agricultural community
where practicable the establishment of manu-
factures. Why not cncourage manufactures
by the side of producers?
The great city of Chicago, represented upon
this floor by my distinguished friend, [Mr.
Wextworth,] already alive to her own inter-
ests, has reared within her limits manufactur-
ing establishments which would do honor to
New England. I have no apprehension, sir,
if every people of the West would imitate her
example, and thus make a profitable division
of labor between agriculture and manufac-
tures at their own doors.
The interior of Iowa and of Illinois, before
the days of railways, have seen the time when
corn in the field was not worth the labor of the
harvest, because no home market existed, and
the cost of transportation to a distant market
was prohibitory. I have heard the pioneers
of Illinois state the fact that until the construc-
tion of the Galena, Chicago, and Union rail-
road from Chicago toward Elgin, wheat could
not be taken to Chicago from a distance of
fifty miles for its market value on arrival. I
have watched the gradual extension of her
railways across her plains to the Missouri, and
her corn and wheat, her pork and her beef
■ now find a market which is available ; in other
words, internal improvements have brought her
nearer market. Suppose Dubuque should be-
come another Providence, Dea Moines a sec-
ond Lowell, and Keokuk another Cincinnati,
what would be the local effect upon the agri-
culture of the State ? Does any man doubt it ?
There is no man of enterprise and wealth the
resident of any town in this country who has
not advocated the introduction of manufactures
and machinery into his own town to enhance
its value and importance, and every argument
has been based upon the employment of labor
which would furnish a market for neighbor-
ing production. This principle thus applied
locally by all is just as true of the nation as
of ^community, especially of a nation whose
facilities lor intercourse are as great as those
with which nature and art have favored our
own people.
The manufactures of Pittsburg pass by un-
broken water communication to St. Paul, St.
Louis, to the Yellowstone, up the Arkansas,
to New Orleans, to Nashville, to Chattanooga,
to New York, and Quebec, while thirty-five
thousand miles of railway, with crossing and
interlacing lines, render every part of the coun-
try accessible to internal commerce. The Hud-
son, the Erie, and Champlain canals, and the
great lake navigation, connect the valley of the
Mississippi, and the great Northwest with the
A tlantic. The railway lines which are even now
surmounting the Sierra Nevadaand the Rocky
mountains will soon open a new outlet to the
cereals of the West and vastly extend mining
and manufacturing enterprise on the Pacific
coast. Protection to labor is the watchword
to American advancement. Its pathway hith-
erto has ever been bordered by the flowers of
prosperity. Its abandonment has ever been
the blight of our industry.
Pennsylvania has hitherto been the great
iron State. In 1842 we enacted a tariff to pro-
tect the iron manufacture. At that time there
were two hundred and thirteen furnaces of all
kinds, which had been the growth of sixty
years. In the four years to 1840 one hundred
and three new furnaces started into life, in-
volving an investment of more than $6,000,000,
and the increased annual production of iron for
the four years averaged 216,171 tons, or nearly
one quarter of the whole production of pig
iron in the United States in 1800.
Under the act of 1842 the taxes upon iron were
specific, with the ad valorem sometimes in ad-
dition. They were on the following articles:
Per ton.
Bars and bolts not rolled $17
Bars and bolts rolled  25
1'ig iron  9
Old serap iron  10
By the tariff of 1846 the specific duties were
changed on almost the entire iron list to thirty
per cent, ad valorem• at the port of foreign ship-
ment, and the result was the almost universal
prostration and bankruptcy of the iron manu-
factures of the country.
The fatal principle of ad valorem duties thus
introduced gave the "inside track" to every
foreign manufacturer having a partner or an
agent in this country, and led as well to the
perpetration of enormous frauds in the invoices
of the exporters.
Nor were other efforts wanting to break down
the American manufacturer. The complaint
made to Parliament in 1854 of the low wages
paid to British laborers was met by the report
of a commission of inquiry with the declara-
tion that—
" Tho laboring classcs generally in the manufactur-
ing districts, and especially in Ihe iron and coal dis-
tricts, are very little aware of the extent to which
they arc often indebted for their being employed at
all to the immense losses which their employers vol-
untarily incur in bad times in order to destroy for-
eign competition, and to gain and keep possession
of foreign markets."
Sir, from 1840 to 1801 our domestic industry
did not receive tho protection which was due
to its importance or its necessities; and even if
it was, the protection received was due to the
depreciation of our currency from a gold basis,
and to the enormous Government demand for
our productions rather than to legislative in-
terposition.
The return of peace and the suspension of
increasing loans by the Government tend to
bring the gold and the currency near to the
same value, and our manufacturers are now
struggling against the evils of inadequate pro-
tection. With a country whose resources for
agricultural and mineral productions are un-
equaled on the globe ; in whose coal-fields, yet
scarcely explored, slumbers the motive power
necessary to propel the machinery which apopu-
lation as dense over the whole realm as that
which now crowds every square mile of the Brit-
ish isles may require ; with the energy, the in-
ventive genius, and the industry essential to the
erection, the extension, and the preservation
of empire, we need but wisdom in the adminis-
tration of our finances, in the development of
nature's bounties, and in the measures designed
to restore harmony and union, to render tho
American Republic the proudest boast of civil-
ization. The internal revenues on which we so
largely rely to meet the current expenses of
the Government, and from which the last year
we received $211,129,529 17, and from which
it was anticipated that the receipts for 18G0
would be $272,000,000, cannot be maintained
unless our manufactures on which they are
largely dependent shall be j^reserved in their
ellieiency. Three fourths of all this internal
revenue are derived directly or indirectly from
manufactures. To-day your rolling-mills, your
founderies, your machine-shops, your factories,
are either closed or working at a loss to the
proprietors. Your collieries are suspended,
and thousands of unemployed laborers await
the action of Congress, which is lamentab^ de-
layed till the very close of your session. Where
is your revenue ifyour manufactures arc stricken
down ? Moreover, we must bear in mind how
largely the amount of incomes will be reduced
by our return toward a specie basis, while the
public debt must be paid at its face, the cred-
itor, and not the Government, deriving the ben-
efit of its enhanced value.
And here I desire to submit, a table showing
the total internal revenue, and internal revenue
from manufactures in the years 1863,1804, and
1805, and the percentage as compared with the
revenue from September 1,1802, when the act
took effect, to June 30, 1863, b-ing the end of
the fiscal year, is, for ten months, only—
Total revenue. Manufactures. Per cent.
186 3 $41,003,191 93 $24,403,091 59.71
186 4  116,850,672 44 75,403,386 64.53
I860  211,129,529 17 '104,156,911 49.33
Showing that even in the last year tho direct
income from manufactures was 49.33 percent,
of total receipts, irrespective of the income
tax or the profits of manufactures or of the in-
come from freight, travel, insurance, and other
sources growing out of the business of manu-
facturing.
Sir, the internal revenue on cotton fabrics in
1860 was $7,331,148; woolen fabrics yielded
$7,947,094; iron manufactures $8,494,089;
railroad freights $5,917,293. But it is certain
thatin theabsence of protection, and increased
protection, these manufactures and the income
directly and indirectly dependent upon them
cannot be maintained, and we shall find our-
selves in America sujiporting by our policy the
free-trade theory of England, which means
subserviency to her interests, and forgctfulness
of our own.
Mr. Speaker, I desire to see the labor of
America supported on no system which de-
frauds the laborer of the means of providing for
the education of his children, that they may
take their places of responsibility in the care
of the Republic. I am unwilling to witness
its degradation to the level of those European
systems which support life only to make it a
term of endurance. I speak in no spirit of
hostility to England. I will admire whatever
in her is good and noble. I will sympathize
with her in every effort to elevate the standard
of her people. Not even the envy of her no-
bility, nor the ignorant hatred of her lower
classes toward us in our struggle to throw off
the cursed system of human servitude which
her cupidity fastened upon our soil, nor her
masterly inactivity in tho enforcement of her
laws of neutrality shall make me forgetful of
her Burke and Chatham ; of Wilberforce ; of
Bright, and of Cobden; nor will I be unmind-
ful of the noble spirit of forbearance which
her workers in cotton manifested under the
serious embarrassments arising from the em-
bargo upon our great southern staple. I seek
not, as did old England, prohibition upon ex-
ports ; I seek not prohibition upon imports ;
but I would, wore it in my power, establish,
as a matter of duty, such a system as should
maintain our own credit, protect our own in-
dustry, and invite to a country where land is
cheap and where labor is remunerative the
surplus population which England can spare,
and for which we can provide.
I would build in all the wasted South, upon
tho streams where power now sports with soli-
tude, the factories in which free labor shall
work out the fortunes of freemen. 1 would
enslave, not man but nature; not human bones
and muscle, but the water-fall and the giant
power of the steam-engine to redeem southern
fields from tho desolations of war and restore
to a misguided people the freedom that they
spurned and the prosperity which they de-
stroyed. I would fill up the prairies with a
