1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
pinned their faith on the solemn declaration of
Congress, werenot to be disappointed.
The South immediately showed signs of
national life. Industry, apparently dead, began
to revive; confidence, which had been lost, re-
turned with a bold step; and hope, which was
about to expire, was again lighted up in the
hearts of the people. The North felt that their
labors had not been in vain; that they were
again to have a whole country, a united coun-
try, and that the blood which had been shed on
many battle-fields would but cement and pre-
serve our Union.
Congress had laid down the rule. President
Lincoln had interpreted it, and President, John-
son accepted the interpretation and followed it.
How earnestly he has labored to carryforward
this great work; how many great difficulties
have been interposed both North and South, to
its final accomplishment; how party strife has
at last come in unbidden, even in the hour of
the nation's greatest peril, to thwart the holy
purposes of union and fraternity, 1 need not
stop to say. That the matured plans of Pres-
ident Lincoln, faithfully carried out by President
Johnson, will finally be accepted by the Amer-
ican people, is my firm belief and earnest hope.
'CONGRESS.
Since the opening of the session of Congress
many new theories of reconstruction have been
put forward. For the past four years the in-
genuity of the legal profession has employed
itself in demonstrating that the Union of the
States is indissoluble; that the Constitution has
conferred no power either on the Supreme
Court, on Congress, on the several States, or
on the people of the States to break the bonds
of its autlioiity and release the people from
their allegiance. We had supposed this to be
a political axiom. After four years of bitter
strife wc had hoped that the bond of our Union,
after it had been bathed in the blood of a half
million of patriots, would never again be called
in question. But, Mr. Chairman, inthisweare
mistaken.
The argument of the gifted and eloquent gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. SiiErxunuiGFR,] deliv-
ered in this Hall on the 8tli of January, goes to
prove that there is a power within the Govern-
ment which can destroy it, and that that power
has been successfully exerted. He has labored
to prove that a noble Union of thirty-six States
ha1; been shattered in pieces, and that eleven
of those States, broken and dismembered, are
now drifting on the billows of revolution like
the hulks of a fleet disabled and scattered by
the storm. And, sir, by what train of argu-
ment has he reached a conclusion so opposed
to the national instinct and the convictions of
the public judgment.
lie lias searched the law of nations to find
the definition of u State, as it lives in the family
of nations—an independent sovereignty, co-
equal, existing under certain conditions, and
possessing certain attributes, and then, sir, lias
applied thatdelinitiontothe States of our Union
—the Slates of a constitutional Government,
in which each derives its characteristics and its
attributes not from the law of nations, but from
a written Constitution defining and limiting the
powers of each and all. and marking with accu-
racy their joint and several duties and their
mutual relations. His whole argument, based
on his definition of a State, therefore falls to the
ground, for the argument can apply only to what
is covcred by the definition, and hence is entirely
inapplicable to States as they exist under our
form of government.
ADMISSION" OF STATES AND TREASON.
The gentleman from Ohio has bestowed much
learning and labor on the question of admitting
States into the Union, and has pointed out very
clearly the antecedent conditions of such admis-
sion. But, sir, does all this show that the rights
which are conferred by admission can be for- !
felted afterward? Does it show that a State can {j
go on, of the Union as well as into it? j
" T;-■>:! :hr i ihe Tnitod States i oonsift. in !
levyiuy war :; :i t tbpjn, or in to their cno- |
mic-, -1 v;thorn. aid and comiort."'—Coaetitvtion, ;|
art. 3, see. 3. "
Does this apply to individuals or to States?
The next paragraph answers the question :
"No person shall be convicted of treason unless on
the testimony of two witnesses to the same overt act,
or on confession in open court."
Now, sir, the Constitution gives no definition
of treason as applied to a State. It is the trea-
son of the individual which the Constitution de-
fines and for'which it prescribes a punishment.
This, sir, is both the letter and the spirit of the
instrument. In neither a paragraph or a line
of that instrument is there any allusion to the
expulsion or punishment of a State. The per-
son or individual is alone referred to, and the
State, as such, is in nowise held responsible.
The Government has retained, in its own hands,
the power and right to punish treason. Having
done this, would it be just to hold. a State re-
sponsible when its citizens commit treason. Can
Congress impose such responsibility?
WHAT TIIE CONSTITUTION GUARANTIES.
"The United States shall guaranty to every Stato
in this Union a republican form of government, and
shall protect each ot them against invasion, and on
application of the Legislature, or of the Executive,
(when the Legislature cannot be convened,) against
domestic violence."—-Constitution, art. 4, sec. 4.
Now, sir, what does this article of the Con-
stitution guaranty ? A republican form of gov-
ernment. To whom does it guaranty it? To
every State in this Union. Does it guaranty it
to States out of the Union? Certainly not. This
power, therefore, can only be exercised by Con-
gress over States in the Union, and not over
States out of it. In fact, sir, the Constitution
never contemplated the case of a Stategoing out,
or being out, of the Union. Gentlemen on this
floor have labored, with much astuteness and
learning, to show how a State may go out of
the. Union; and that, under their way, eleven
of the States have actually gone out.
I beg leave to remind those gentlemen, with
great respcct, that although the mode is some-
what novel, the principle itself is not new. It is
the same principle which first appeared in the
celebrated resolutions of 17H8, which was re-
vived under the name of nullification by John C.
Calhoun in 1830, and culminated in secession in
1801. It is the same vicious principle which
has seduced the hearts of a portion of our peo-
ple from their allegiance to government, which
lias trampled on our Hag, which has bathed our
land in blood and filled our homes with mourn-
ing'. 1 had hoped, sir, that four years of war,
and such a war, had wiped out forever from
the public mind every thought of nullification,
secession, and disunion, and that we had
emerged from the bloody contest with but one
national pulsation, that, the States i;are one
and inseparable, now and forever/'
The gentleman from Ohio has been at great
pains to show that the Government has a right
to treat every individual of a State that has been
in rebellion as a public enemy ; that is, adjudge
liiin guilty of treason and deprive him of cit-
izenship, while the Constitution expressly pro-
vides that "no person shall bo convicted of
treason unless on the testimony of two wit-
nesses to the same overt act, or on confession
in open court."
What, Mr. Chairman, would be the practical
operation of this new doctrine of constiactive
treason; of declaring that whenever by fiaud
or violence a State government should be inter-
rupted or overthrown the whole people within
its borders, as a body, should be treated as pub-
lie enemies and beyond the protection of the
General Government. Would it not at once
transfer the allegiance of every citizen from the
national to the State government, and effect-
ually destroy our entire system? When the
storms of tumult and civil discord should rage,
would the affrighted citizen fly to the flag of his
country only to be told that his State had re-
belled and that he himself was a traitor? What
nerved the arms and inspired the hearts of so
many true patriots in the South during the
recent struggle? Jt was the conviction that
citizenship could only be lost by individual acts
and noi fo>-'eited bj the aeis of others, it was
the conviction that the air they breathed was
the atmosphere of the whole nation, and that
when tihe_ storm had passed it would again be
pure, invigorating, and peaceful.
1 know of no people, in. any age or country,
wfio adhered to their allegiance with greater
| fidelity, met danger with more determined bra-
' very, who offered up their lives more cheer-
fully, and bore the flag of their country through
fiercer storms than the Union men of the South. -
Andrew Johnson, in a speech to the people of
Knoxville, thus describes their condition:
"My countrymen! my heart yearns toward you,
and 1 am one of you. I have climbed yonder moun-
tains, rock-ribbed and glowing in sunshine, in whose
gorges, m who&ecavcmsyour sons, hunted like beasts,
nave iallen to rise no more. I do not speak of these
things to draw your tears. It is not the time for tears,
but tor blows. I speak of them that I may tit your
arms for unconquerable fight. And X speak of them
becausc the mountain seeuis to talk, to me. My house
is anion? the mountains, and, though it is not far
away, I cannot go to it. -It is the place where I-met
and loved her who is the mother ot my children. Do
I not love the mountains? And if liberty is to expire,
if freedom is to be destroyed, if my country in all its
length and breadth is to tremble beneath the oppres-
sor's tread, let the Hag, the dearold flag, the last flag,
be planted on yon rocky heights, and upon it lei
there be this inscription: 4Here is the end of all
that is dear to tho*heart and sacred to the memory of
man I
The doctrine of the gentleman from Ohio
treats these men as public enemies, and deems
them to have forfeited their political rights.
And indeed; sir, his doctrine lias received some
sanction from the action of the House itself.
The time, however, must come, and that soon,
when we shall be brought face to face on all these
great questions. Wemustdecidewhetherthose
who were members of Congress during the most
critical period of the rebellion, (including the
President himself,) who went hom^nd encount-
ered all its furies, and have come back with
certificates of election, are to be admitted, or
are to be shot down, as rebels, at the door of
the Capitol, not by I he bullets of the enemy,
but by the votes of Congress.
WIIKN" REPRESENTATIVES SHOULD V,V ADMITTED.
Immediately after the military surrender of
the rebel armies, the President had to accept the
civil surrender of the people. The session of
Congress had just terminated, and they would
not reassemble until December. The Cabinet
the legal advisers of Mr. Lincoln, were at their
pjsts, and the President solicited their coun-
sel and aid. All that Congress had asked, as
conditions precedent to reconstruction, was the
adoption of the constitutional amendments which
they had passed. 1 think it must be admitted
that after these had been accepted, in good
faith, 110 subsequent conditions could justly be
imposed. The President, however, acting in
the true spirit that had governed his predeces- *
sors, went even beyond what he or Congress
had asked, and suggested to the southern peo-
ple that they would best promote the common
interests of all by adding to the conditions which
Congress had prescribed the utter repudiation
of the confederate debt in all its forms, and a
full guarantee to the African race of entire
equality with the whites in all matters affect-
ing personal liberty and civil rights.
My sentiments on these matters are fully
stated in the following resolution which 1 had
the honor of presenting to this House on the
I 19th day of December:
"Jle^ofvnl, That when the people whohnveheenin
rebellion against the Government have submitted to
the laws ot the United States adopted a republican
form of government, repealed the ordinance of.' eces-
i sion, parsed the constitutional amendment forever •
abolishing slavery, repudiated the rebel war debt, and
! passed laws protecting the Jieedman m his hbcity;
• the representatives of those people eh-cied to (Con-
gress. and having received their certificates of election
; Irom their respective Governors, should be received
: as members of the Thirty-Ninth Congress when they
shall take the oath prescribed bv the last Congress,
known as the test oath, without delay."
Under such conditions, when they are com-
plied with in good faith, Mr. Chairman, T am
ready to vote for the admission immediately of
al 1 lo3"al men who come here and take the pre-
1 scribed oath that "th^y hnve never voluntarily
assisted in the rebellion."What power, sir.
ha.- aright to exclude such representatives? If
the rights of one man cannot betaken away by
; the misconduct of another, the lojal citizens of
