1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
178B
for any such purpose; but if they should not
take public property, why should they take
private property? If you will guard your own
property so securely that they should not touch
it, why should they take the private property
of an individual?
Mr. WADE. We always take private prop-
erty and condemn it for public uses. We have
a right to do that, on paying for it, under the
Constitution; but we can hardly take public
property that is necessary for the Government.
We might do it constitutionally, because the
Government can do what they please with their
own. But what this bill grants to this com-
pany is what every company that ever built a
canal or a railroad is compelled to do. Let
them agree with the private owners if they can
as to tlie transfer and sale of the property that
they require; but if they cannot agree, there
must be some equitable way of ascertaining
the value of the damages, and those that seek
the privilege must pay for it. I know of no
other way. If you cannot do that, of course
you must abandon the matter at once; the
thing cannot be done.
Mr. CLARK. That may be, but we should
always consider the thing to be attained and
the damage we are going to do in securing it.
We propose here, without a survey, without
marking out the route, without ascertaining
what the damage to individuals will be, or
where this canal is to go, except in a very gen-
eral way, to give these people the right to do
this and to take private property. I wish to
call the Senator's attention to the provision in
the bill in regard to that matter :
And in case the owners of such property cannot
agree upon the terms of the sale thereof or ylia.ll be
a femmc covert, ininnt, )ion compos mentis, imprisoned,
or resident beyond the District of Columbia, then
application may be made by the president of said
company to the ohicfjusticeof theUnited States dis-
trict court for the District of Columbia, for the ap-
pointment, of throe persons, who shall be freeholders
in said Distiict, as a. commission of inquest of dam-
ages, and who shall so uponvand inspect any property
proposed to be taken bv said company for tiie pur-
poses contemplated by this act; and before any per-
son so appointed as sucli commissioner shall procccd
to act, he shall take oath or affirmation that he
will fairly and truly value the damages sustained by
the owner or owners of any property by the use and
occupation of any such real estate, water rights, or
other propeity, by said company; and said commis-
sion shall reduce their inquisition or finding to writ-
ing, and siiin and seal ille same, and it shall then be
returned to said chief justice, who shall file the same
in the office of the iceistcrof deeds of the city of
Washington: and said report shall bo confirmed by
the supreme court of the Distuct of Columbia at its
next term after the return ot said report, unless for
cause shown to the contrary.
Now, is there any provision here that the
party who is in any way interested shall be
notified by this inquisition?
Mr. WADE. 1 do not think there is. I
think that the bill is deficient in that respect.
Mr. CLARK. It does not provide for a
hearing. It provides that these three men
shall go on, assess the damages without any
hearing, as they think best, and make a report
to the court, and if the court say it is all right,
very well, and then the owner is concluded
forever. I understand the Senator to say that
he thinks that defective.
Mr. WADE. I think notice ought to be
given.
Mr. CLARK. I have no doubt that will
commend itself to his sense of justice. But
I want to go a little further with this provision:
And in ease there be good cause shown, said in-
quest may be set aside, and said chief justice shall
direct, another inquisition to be taken in the manner
above described.
Suppose they take another inquest, and the
land-holder is no better satisfied, what then?
Mr. WADE. There is the end of it, I sup-
pose.
Mr. CLARK. There is to be no notice in
either case, and there is the end of it. I do
not think the Senator himself would say that
that was fair to the man whose property is to
be taken against his consent for a purpose of
this kind.
Mr. WADE. I agree that those interested
in this adjudication should have notice. There
is no doubt about that; but I see nothing else
in the way. I think that is usual, and it ought
to have been in here.
Mr. CLARK. It is usual in a ease of this
kind, and 1 should very much prefer, instead
of the court appointing these three men, to let
the second trial be by a jury.
Mr. WADE. The committee talked over
that subject of a jury trial. We in Ohio, I
believe, generally condemn property by a jury,
but I believe in most of the States they do not.
The committee thought that the condemnation
by these commissioners would be just as good
'and as valid as by a jury ; but I am not partic-
ular about that. If it is thought better to have
it determined by a jury rather than by this
commission of three men, I have no objection
to such an amendment.
Mr. CLARK, I have no preference for any
particular mode, whether by a jury or by a
commission ; but what I do want in a case of
this kind is, that whore you take a man's prop-
erty, and where he has properly a right to find
fault, he shall have a full and fair hearing, and
shall have fair and equitable damages assessed
to him by some competent tribunal. I suppose
the Senator wants that.
Mr. WADE. Yes, sir.
Mr. CLARK. I do not think this provision
goes quite as far as it should in that particular.
I should hardly be willing to give a corpora-
tion who want to build up an immense coal
depot along the banks of the canal the power
to take a man's property in that way.
Mr. WADE. It has to be done very often.
Mr. CLARK. In some cases it has to be
done, and in all cases where the public service
and intercuts warrant it. I am only calling the
attention of the Senator and the Senate to some
features of the bill. There is another feature
to which I wish to call his attention, and that
is in the twelfth line of the second section :
That said canal or sewer shall form a duct or
depositoiy for the sewers of Washington.
I suppose that is an object to be secured by
the United States in granting these privileges
to this company. Will the Senator tell me
whether that is to be without the consent of
this great company or without pay to them, or
whether it is to be under their control or not,
because the public have a very large interest
in this matter. As I understand, this canal
must be the depository of the sewerage. Then
if should be abundantly guarded, so that the
city should have the right, cither with or with-
out pay, as might be found just and proper,
and as it might be the intention of Congress in
making this grant.
Mr. WADE. That subject was under con-
sideration in the committee, and we thought
this provision sufficient:
That said canal or sewer shall form a duct or
depository for the sewers of Washington.
We supposed that in this general manner
the grant in favor of the city was larger than
it would be by any words we could put upon
it. This company could not restrain the city
under this provision, as we believe, from mak-
ing such sewerage into the canal, and in such
manner and form as they thought best for the
purposes of sewerage. We thought that it
would be an advantage to the city to give them
the general power to empty their sewers into the
canal, without prescribing exactly the means,
because the means not being prescribed, they
can take such means and in such way as they
think best. That was the opinion of the com-
mittee, and we thought it would be better to
leave it in that way than to have it more spe-
cific on that subject. I will slate here in regard
to the sewerage that one great advantage lobe
gained by this navigable canal will be that
sewers maybe let into it and they will empty-
ing) the river. The engineers in this city have
heretofore been unable to find a way in which
sewerage can bo effective into the river, be-
cause it has been found on survey that between
the canal and the river there is a rise of ground
which renders it extremely difficult to make
the drainage and sewerage.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator does not come
quite to the question which I wish to present
to his mind, and that is, whether this city will
ha,ve the right, without anj expense paid to
this company, to drain into the canal.
Mr. CONNBSS. That can be very easily
given. ,
Mr. CLARK. The Senator from California
says it can be easily given ;• but if we do not call
attention to it now and the bill.passes without
any provision on the.subject, we shall have all
these questions hereafter. It is very true it can
be easily given, and that is one of the things I
want to provide for. I want to know the Sen-
ator' s idea about it, and what is intended by the
bill, so that we may amend it in that particular,
if it shall be found necessary."
Mr. WADE. I think myself the bill is better
for the corporation of the city as it stands than
in any other way. It is to be without any ex-
pense, and the canal company is compelled to
allow the sewerage in there, and it will be in
their own interest, too.
Mr. CLARK. Will the Senator allow me to
inquire whether the committee intended that it
should be without expense?
Mr. WxVDE. Certainly.
Mr. CLAllK. Then it should be clearly
expressed in the bill.
Mr. WAD 111. It is.
Mr. CLARK. I think not. It reads :
That said canal or sewer shall form a duct or de-
pository for the sewers of the city of Washington.
Mr. CONNESS. If the Senator will permit
me, by adding there the words, "and the cor-
porate authorities of the city of Washington
shall always have the right," his purpose will
be accomplished.
Mr. CLARK. This would give the right,
but the question of expense is not settled, and
you might have that coming into the court.
Mr. WADE. Rather than debate that mat-
ter, I will add the words "without expense to
the city."
Mr. CLARK. I have not the least doubt
that, the Senator dasires to do everything in
regard to the bill that can be done, and 1 do
not wish to defeat it. I desire to call his atten-
tion to it, and show how it is necessary to per-
fect the bill, in my judgment, and show him
the objections that I have, and the defects in
the biil.
Mr. WADE. I certainly have no desire to
have any insecurity in the bill, but my idea of
the construction of the bill in reference to that
was that it did not require an amendment in
that particular; but perhaps it does, and if it
does I am willing to insert the words "without
expense to the city."
Mi. CLARK. Here we are granting to this
corporation very large corporate powers, and
beside that we are granting them I do not know
how much property in the way of the canal and
bridges ; the Senator himself does not seem to
know ; and for what are we doing it? For the
purpose of clearing out this canal and securing
sewerage and a depository for the filth of the
city. Then it ought to be made entirely clear
when we pay for this advance by granting this
property that we have not got to pay over
again, and that we shall always have this privi-
lege. I only desire to secure what the Govern-
ment and the public should have for these large
privileges, in thus criticising the bill.
That brings me again to what has been sug-
gested by some other Senator, that if we grant
these large corporate powers, and this corpora-
tion does not go along and perfect this canal
and thus render a fair equivalent to the public,
and put it in such a situation as that it shall
secure the benefits intended by it. these privi-
leges and this property should revert to the
public or to the United States. They might
form their corporation; they might take up the
grant and the property under this bill, and then
stop ; what then? There is no provision here
that they shall forfeit anything. They may
say, "We intend to go on by and by:" but
when are you to make them do it? What is
the limit hero? I am not aware of any.
Mr, JOHNSON. Is there no limitation on
the completion of the work?
Mr. CLARK. I do not "know but there may
