1866.
_SL
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3653
Mr. JULIAN. Well, I will read from the
report:
"The Soscol ranch is settled upon and occupied
by an entorprising body of agriculturists, men who
have spent their means liberally in making improve-
ments, claiming their lands under the Soscol grant
of M. G. Vallejo. In 1847 the town of Benicia was
laid oat, its projectors and settlers relying on the
Vallejo title. It has grown to be a town of several
thousand inhabitants, and is among the more im-
portant of the interior villages of California. The
town of Vallejo is upon the same ranch, was laid out
in 1850, and is also of considerable importance, the
lands therein being held under the same title. The
entire ranch has passed out of the hands of the origi-
nal grantee into the possession of a multitude of
small holders and is covered by numerous small
farms and orchards, each inclosed by substantial
fences, highly cultivated, and dotted all over with
comfortable farm-houses and other buildings."
In the latter part of the report, as the gen-
tleman will see, it is stated that there are three
thousand of these "settlers," besides several
thousand more. Yet the evidence was pro-
duced here by me the other day showing that
one hundred and fifty-seven persons, all told,
proved up tlieir claims under the act of 1863,
seven of them owning fifteen thousand acres
and being non-residents of the soil, and ten
others owning some thirteen thousand and some
hundred acres in large tracts, and which they
never reduced to possession as settlers. Mr.
Speaker, I submit to the gentleman that if he
had read the report, he would not have ques-
tioned the statement which I made.
Mr. BID WELL. Will the gentleman yield
to me a moment?
Mr. JULIAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. BIDWELL. I desire to say that on this
grant there were two cities, the corporate limits
of one of them embracing thirty-five hundred
acres. Within those limits were small land-
holders owning from five to twenty and some
fifty acres. But the city limits were entirely
excluded from the act of 1863; so that the set-
tlers, the cultivators of the soil mentioned as
numbering one hundred and fifty-seven, were
entirely outside of the city limits. When the
report was made, it embraced all the popula-
tion, amounting to perhaps six or seven thou-
sand persons, the families and employ6s of the
land-holders swelling the number very consid-
erably. There was a numerous body engaged
in the cultivation of the soil under those who
held under the Vallejo title.
Mr. JULIAN. I can only say that the gen-
tleman is again mistaken. The report shows
that the committee making it believed the story
told them that there were three thousand set-
tlers, beside several thousand more outside of
any town and on the ranch proper. They
refer to these small holders as the reason for
passing the act, which excludes the towns. He
kuows, and I need nottell him andthis House
again, that that law was procured by false rep-
resentations, well calculated to mislead the
committee and Congress, as it did, into its
enactment, which Congress would not for a
moment have thought of doing if it had been
known that so large a portion of the tract was
claiinedby fifteen or twenty speculators, a con-
siderable portion of whom did not reside upon
the soil, and some of them residents of a for-
eign country.
Mr. BIDWELL. How can the gentleman
reduce one hundred and fifty-seven landhold-
ers to fifteen or twenty?
Mr. JULIAN. I spoke of the fact that, a
large portion of this land was held by some
seventeen land-holders; and instead of three
or four thousand persons proving up under the
act of 1863, there were only one hundred and
fifty-seven.
Mr. BIDWELL. The records show that
t-wenty of the largest land-holders owned some
twenty-seven thousand acres.
Mr. JULIAN. Does the gentleman argue
that those twenty-seven thousand acres, more
than half of it belonging to non-residents 
Mr. BIDWELL. No, sir.
Mr. JULIAN. Does the gentleman argue
that that was the land properly understood by
the committee as occupied by "a multitude of
small holders," who had built their houses,
planted their orchards, and reduced their claims
to possession?
Mr. BIDWELL. I cannot see how the com-
mittee so understood it if it read the memorial
and papers. Here is the paper presented to
that committee; and from that they could have
come to no such conclusion. In justice they
could not have passed any law different from
what they did.
Mr. JULIAN. That is the opinion of the
gentleman from California.
Mr. BIDWELL. I have known this land
intimately for twenty-four years.
Mr. JULIAN. He says he has known this
land intimately and well. The Land Office hav-
ing heard the testimony, filling some seventeen
large volumes, and decided this case, decided
that these Vallejo claimants had no such rights
as they set up, and affirmed the rights of the
preemptors which are now sought to be over-
turned here.
Mr. BIDWELL. The Secretary has over-
ruled that decision.
Mr. JULIAN. I beg the gentleman's par-
don. The Secretary of the Interior has never
overruled that decision. I know to the con-
trary. He did, however, grant an appeal to the
Attorney General, and the Attorney General,
in his argument, confesses, as I have shown,
what the gentleman denies. He admits by his
opinion, which is a sort of plea in confession
and avoidance, that these men were bona fide
preemptors. But he affirms as law that pre-
einptors have no rights under the preemption
laws until the completion of their payments.
Mr. UPSON. Was not the opinion of the
Attorney General drawn out by reference of the
legal questions to him by the Secretary of the
Interior?
Mr. JULIAN. I have said the Sccrctary of
the Interior granted an appeal, giving no opin-
ion of his own. The opinion of the Attorney
General, no lawyer on this floor or elsewhere
who is not the stipendiary of speculators will
say is the law. It is a burlesque upon the legal
profession and I say this without the fear of con-
tradiction.
Mr. HIGBY. The gentleman will allow me
to ask him a question.
Mr. JULIAN. Certainly.
Mr. HIGBY. If that be a mere burlesque
of the law, does the gentleman think the courts
would pay any attention to it at all in the decis-
ion of these cases?
Mr. JULIAN. I will answer the gentleman
with great pleasure, and am glad he has called
my attention to that point. I think no respect-
able court would decide as the Attorney Gen-
eral has decided; but the Secretary of the
Interior, as head of the laud department of
the Government, has declared that he will ac-
cept the decision of the Attorney General as
the rule of his action in regard to the public
lands of the country, thus reversing the cases
already decidcd in the Land Officc in favor
of the preemptors and virtually ousting the
remainder. Hence it is that we have reported
this amendment to this bill, quieting titles in
California, declaring in effect that the aet of
1863 shall not be construed in consonance
with the opinion of the Attorney General, and
thus saving these people from litigation and
strife by leaving them peaceably in their pos-
sessions.
Mr. HIGBY. Allow me another question.
Mr. JULIAN. Certainly.
Mr. HIGBY. If the Secretary of the In-
terior says he is to be controlled by the opin-
ion of the Attorney General, are the parties
interested bound by it? Is it conclusive on
them one way or the other? Cannot these
parties go into the courts just as well ?
Mr. JULIAN. Undoubtedly these poor
preemptors, who have no money to spend in
tedious litigation, can litigate the question in
the courts of California, whicft have decided
against the laws of the United States in more
cases than one, as the gentleman knows. It
is to save the preemptors this litigation and
hazard that the proposed amendment. to the
bill has been reported and is now so earn-
estly urged. We desire to guard their rights
by resisting this attempt to unsettle them
through a policy which would assail the rights
of preemptors everywhere.
Mr. HIGBY. The gentleman alludes to the
report of the committee of 1863. I ask what
part he alludes to.
Mr. JULIAN. I allude to what has been
read here to-day from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
The Attorney General admits, I repeat, that
these were preemptors under the laws of the
United States. The question of fact is no
longer in dispute ; the question is solely one of
law, and the Attorney General having decided
against the preemptors and against the uniform
decisions of the courts, I submit that in a bill
quieting land titles we should not reject an
amendment that shall reassert the settled pol-
icy of the country against this revolutionary
interference with vested rights now peaceably
enjoyed.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I ask the gentle-
man from Indiana whether the Commissioner
of the General Land Office, in whom I have
as much confidence as in the Attorney General,
has sent to the committee any communication
touching this matter.
Mr. JULIAN. We have the rules under
which ho decided the case of these preemptors,
which I had read the other day. I have also
in my drawer a legal opinion of his in favor of
the rights of preemptors which I would be
glad to have read to the House if my time
would permit.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I
desire to know whether the preemptors who
arc to be protected by the amendment of the
committee still remain on the lands and in the
occupation of their preemption claims.
Mr. JULIAN. That is so. A large num-
ber at least are in the actual occupancy of this
land, claiming it to-day as preemptors.
Mr. BICE, of Maine. I would inquire
whether, if this bill passes without the amend-
ment, under the decision of the Attorney Gen-
eral these men claiming preemption rights will
be ousted.
Mr. JULIAN. Undoubtedly; they antici-
pate being ousted and will be under the ruling
of the department; and it is to guard against
that danger that they are so earnestly seeking
the adoption of this amendment, which will
protect the rights which the land department
decides belong to them, and in accordance with
the uniform ruling of our courts as to the rights
of preemption claimants.
Mr. BIDWELL. The proposed amendment
says, "shall not be so construed as to interfere
with the claims of bona fide settlers on the said
land." I ask the gentleman if it will not be
necessary to institute proceedings in order to
determine who'are and who are not bona fide
settlers, and whether the register and receiver
for eight long months have not been taking
testimony, and have not made a report deciding
that all these persons are not bond fide settlers
within the meaning of the preemption laws of
the United States.
Mr. JULIAN. What register and receiver
do you refer to?
Mr. BIDWELL. The present register and
receiver of the land office in California.
Mr. JULIAN. Doesthegcntleman pretend
that the decision of the register and receiver
of the land office in California is paramount to
the ruling of the land department ia Wash-
ington.
Mr. BIDWELL. Not paramount; but they
have investigated this case fairly for eight long
months, and have made a report that they are
not settlers within the meaning of the preemp-
tion and homestead laws of the United States,
and in addition that they are a very lawless
and bad class of men.
Mr. JULIAN. The gentleman asks me, if
this amendment is rejected whether these set-
tlers will not still have the right to 
Mr. BIDWELL. I did not ask that. My
