670
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
every State of this Union have an equal right '
to be represented here. And when, sir, the j
subject has beeij fully considered, I feel that ;
that right will be cheerfully and speedily ac-
corded.
OUR FOREtOX RELATIONS.
Are there not, Mr. Chairman, strong motives
arising out of our foreign relations, that should
urge us to harmony, fraternity, and union ?
Without these we can never be great, we can
never be strong. No sooner had the echo of
the first gun fired at Sumter reached the Brit-
ish isle, than the old lion shook the dew-drops
from his mane and began to growl. Daring the
entire struggle, a rumbling sound ran through
the entire British empire, indicating a wish to
strike vis if the happy moment should arrive.
Privateers were fitted out under the very eye of
the Government to prey upon our commerce;
insulting paragraphs appeared in all their pub-
lic journals; protection and sympathy were
extended to rebels by public meetings and on
all public occasions, and we were indebted for
the preservation of peace to our great strength
and the bravery of our troops in the field.
France, our ancient ally, and who went with
us, side by side, through the Resolution, also
sought to profit by our misfortunes, and sent
an army to Mexico to overturn a sister repub-
lic and establish there a monarchy, in direct
hostility to the policy of our Government, pro-
claimed to the world forty years ago and fol-
lowed implicitly by every Administration to the
present time. Now, sir, with a knowledge of
these facts, indicating a settled purpose abroad
to profit by our divisions at home, is it wise to
foment civil discord and divide in interest and
sentiment this great nation, which should be
bound together by all the ties which can unite
a people ?
OUR MXAXCES^
The finances of a nation are alike the evidences
of its greatness and the foundations of its power.
No subject engages so earnestly the attention
of a statesman as how to make labor most use-
ful and productive. The southern States are
capable of producing at the present moment,
by a rightly adjusted system of labor, four mil-
lion bales of cotton per annum, which at pres-
ent prices would be worth $800,000,000; add
to this $100,000,000 for rice and tobacco, and
we have an annual amount, at present prices,
for three articles alone, of one third of our
entire national debt. Now, Mr. Chairman, in-
stead of blinking these people back into the
Union, encouraging and developing their in-
dustry, making them again a part of the Gov-
ernment and obliging them to contribute their
full share in the payment of the national debt,
there are gentlemen on this floor who would
expend $">0,000,000 annually for the poor grat-
ification of keeping them out of the Union for
four years longer. IVe have been fighting for
four years to bring them back into the Union.
And how. sir, is this $.*0,000,000 to be fur-
nished? It Mo be collected by the tax-gath-
erer from the honest, laborer of the North. Is
it worth while to sacrifice so much fur passion
and resentment? Is it, not better to calm sec-
tional strife, to heal the wounds of the nation,
to absorb in the current of a healthy public
sentiment the disloyalty which yet bursts from
a few hearts as the mighty river carries the little
rills which issue from the mountain side?
ELECTIVE FRAXCJIIKH.
In regard to the subject of the elective fran-
chise. 1 agree with the President in his message,
which says:
"When, at the first movement toward independ-
ence. theL\m<*ress oi theUnited States instiueted the
*''verat States to institute governments of tlieir own,
t 'lev left eaeli State to decide for itself the conditions
for uie enjoyment of the elective franchise."
1 heartily concur in the above, and believe
tliat^thc* regulation of the elective franchise in
all tne States, and the qualifications of electors
belong to the States each for itself, and are sub-
jects in which Congress, under the Constitution,
has no right to interfere; the policy of the Presi-
dent on fchis, as well as on many other subjects,
was to preserve the Government as he found it,
and not t,o make a new one, the Constitution of
the TJnited States having referred the matter of
suffrage to the States, and invested them with
the exclusive power over it, and it was not com-
petent for the President to interfere with a pre-
rogative so expressly conferred upon them, and
so long exercised by them.
I will not, Mr. Chairman, pursue this subject
further. I rejoice in the great good which the
recent contest has produced. I hope we may
reap all its legitimate fruits. I hope it will make
us a great and united people, with one language,
one heart, one destiny. I rejoice, sir, that the
African race has risen to the condition of fiee-
dom. In the dispensations of Providence the
nation laid its hands on the bowed captives
and they sprang to the dignity of freedom. It
touched their sightless eyes and they opened to
the morning light of perpetual liberty. At the
beginning of the contest they appeared to be
the orphans of Providence ; at its close they are
the wards of the Republic. Under Providence,
the guiding legislation of Congress, and the wis-
dom and justice of those whom they live among,
they are now to go forward to their final destiny.
Starting as men, with perfect equality before the
law, they will soon become an important part
of th'e body politic. Time will wear away pre-
judice and soon reconcile all parties to the new
condition of things.
Mr. Chairman.,1amhopeful ofthefuture. The
Constitution, as it stands, is the bond of perfect
union and the guarantee of innumerable bless-
ings to this people. Under it we have grown to
bo a great and powerful nation. It seems to me
to embrace within its ample folds every State
and every individual of each State, whether lie
be rebel or loyal; and that it has full power to
punish the one and protect the other. I hope,
sir, that in settling the giave question before us
we shall keep ourselves within the bounds of
this great charter of our liberties, and that no
considerations of party advantage or political
power will swerve us from the line of duty at a
moment so critical. If this be so the future
presents no difficulties. The eleven eclipsed
stars will pass from under the shadows \vhich now
obscure them, and return to the pure light of a
restored and happy Union.
And then, on motion of Mr. YOORHEES,
(at ten o'clock p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 0, I860.
Prayer by the Chaplain. Rev. E. II. Gray.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.  
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a communication from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, transmitting, in compli-
ance with a lesolution of the Seual o of Decem-
ber 12, 18ti'">, information in regard to the seiz-
nie of property, for a violation of the revenue
laws of the United States, belonging to A.
Rhomberg & Co., of Dubuque, Iowa: which,
on motion of Mr. Gitruns, wus ordered to lie
on the table, and be printed.
PETITIONS AXD MEMORIALS.
Mr. POMEROY presented a petition of citi-
zens of New England, praying that in the pas-
sage of all bills establishing a new basis of rep-
resentation there be no distinction on account
of race, color, or sex; which was referred to
the joint committee on reconstruction.
lie also presented resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of Kansas in favor of an appropriation
for the extension of the surveys of the public
lands to the one hundredth meridian of longi-
tude ; which were referied to the Committee
on Public Lauds, and ordered to be printed.
He also piesented resolutions of the Legis-
latuie of Kansas in favor of an appropriation
for the erection at the capital of that State of
a building for the aeeonnnod.i ion of the Uni-
ted States courts and post office; which were
referred to the Committee on Finance, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. STEWART presented the memorial of
Wellington & Dorsey, of the State of Nevada,
praying for the passage of a law by Congress to
authorize the Postmaster General to pay them
additional compensation for the performance
of extra mail service rendered in that State ;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. ANTHONY presented the petition of
Beals & Dixon, of New York, praying for legis-
lation deemed necessary by the Secretary of the
Treasury for the adjustment and payment of
their accounts under a contract for supplying
the granite for the construction of the exten-
sion of the Treasury Department; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WILSON presented two petitions of cit-
izens of New England, praying that in the pas-
sage of all bills establishing a new basis of rep-
resentation there beno distinction on account of
race, color, or sex; which were referred to the
joint committee on reconstruction.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of man-
ufacturers of agricultural implements, praying
for a reduction of the tax on sales of agricul-
tural implements and for a removal of the tax
which is now assessed upon castings made by
themselves for their own machines ; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the memorial
of James Bawden, praying for the enactment
of a law authorizing the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to issue a patent to him for certain lands
at Eagle Harbor, Lake Superior, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration, and
that it be referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, who were
instructed by a resolution of the Senate to in-
quire into the expediency of appropriating
$100,000 for the erection of a court-house and
post office at Topeka, in the State of Kansas,
asked to bo discharged from the farther consid-
eration of the subject; which was agreed to.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
'was referred a petition of citizens of Pike
county, Missouri, praying for the passage of an
act for the appointment of properly qualified
local engineers for each county or district,
whose duties it shall be to examine and decide
upon the qualifications of each and every per-
son in their district desiring to act as engineers
and to have charge and control of the steam
works in any mill or manufacturing establish-
ment, asked' to be discharged from its further
consideration, the committee believing it to be
a local State, matter with which Congress has
nothing to do.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. CHAND LER. The Committ ee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred a resolution in-
structing them to inquire into the manner in
which American vessels, transferred during the
rebellion to British owners, are now being
refurnished with American registers, have di-
rected me to report it back and ask to be dis-
charged from its further consideration, inas-
much as the House of Representatives have
passed a bill which covers the ground.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move to take up
the bill (II. R. No. 201) to regulate the regis-
tering of American vessels, which is ihe bill to
j which I have just alluded.
i The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Reports
i fiom committees arc still in order,
j Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
84) to amend an act entitled ''An act to incor-
porate the Freedmcn's Raving and TrustCom-
pany,'' approved March 3, 18(S5, reported ad-
versely thereon, and moved that the further
: consideration of the bill be postponed iudefi-
' nitely.
i The motion was agreed to.
\ Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
I eign Relations, to whom was referred the mes-
! sage of the President of the United States,
