1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3655
Mr. JULIAN. I was alluding to California
officials ; among them to a California' surveyor
in the pay of the Government to-day, who has
been here besieging our lobbies for weeks past
in the interest of California land-holders; and
another California surveyor has been doing the
same thing. I know another fact, that Gen-
eral Frisbie, one of these large land-holders,
has been upon the floor of the House, exten-
sively operating with members with uncom-
mon ardor of purpose. I know that the most
marvelous assiduity has been employed here
in endeavoring to carry through this House
this California measure, without the proposed
amendment, which can only be done by con-
niving at the overthrow of th<3 whole land
policy of the Government, Now, I protest
against this intolerable lobbying in this House
at the great peril of honest legislation, and in-
tended, at least, to sway the views of members
from a decision of public questions upon their
merits. But this House, I know, is eager for
other work, and I now demand a vote upon the
amendment. In view of the principles involved,
I ask the House to give me the yeas and nays
upon the question.
Mr. DRIGGS. I ask unanimous consent
of the House to make a personal explanation.
No objection was made.
Mr. DRIGGS. As a member of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and as one of the par-
ties who signed the paper that has been read to
the House, I desire simply to state that when
this question came up, I considered that it was
my privilege to investigate the facts and to
decide accordingly, just as much as it was the
right and privilege of the chairman or any other
member of the committee. When the question
assumed the character of great interest which
it came to assume in the committee, I felt it
my duty when the vote had been taken, and it
was decided to report the bill with the amend-
ment, to give it a still further and more thor-
ough investigation. After doing so, I found
that the occupants of those lands had acquired
a title from Vallejo; that they had gone on and
cultivated and improved the Soscol ranch, and
that they had been sustained in that title by
the decisions of the courts; but that after
various labors and workings on the part of men
interested, the title was set aside by the Su-
preme Court. Immediately, like so many
crows around a carcass, these men who claim
to be bona fide preemptors entered upon
this land, cut down the wheat fields, removed
the buildings, took possession of the land, and
erected their shanties. On this they base their
claim as preemptors. Now, having myself been
a register of the United States Land Office,
I believe that the law regulating preemption
was designed for the benefit of those who enter
upon the land of the United States and culti-
\ate and reduce it to actual settlement, not
those who go in and avail themselves of other
people's improvements. I think that, consid-
ering all the questions of law involved, it wonld
be right that the matter embraced in the amend-
ment should at some future day be referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, that they may
reportupon the legal questions involved. I think
that the proposition should not be attached to
this bill. For this reason, I with five other
members of the committee signed the paper
which was read.
Now, it, was said by the gentleman from In-
diana, [Mr. Julias,] though I do not say that
he intended to impugn my motives, that we had
been driven or coaxed into signing that paper
by the gentleman from California. Sir, I deny
this. I affirm that on the questions coming
before me as a member of this House I think
as independently and act as conscientiously as
the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. JULIAN. I do not think I made that
statement.
Mr. DRIGGS. I understood the gentleman
to say that the members of the committee who
signed the paper had been coaxed or persuaded
into doing so by the importunities of the gen-
tleman frofti California.
Mr. JULIAN. I said that the gentlemen
had been importuned very persistently, but I
did not say that the importunity had made any
impression.
Mr. DRIGGS. One word more, and I shall
conclude, for I do not wish to trespass upon
the patience of the House. I will state that,
after the chairman of the committee had de-
cided that it was unparliamentary to reconsider
the vote which had been taken—after I had
made an unsuccessful effort to procure a recon-
sideration, which the chairman stated could
not be done, I with five other members of the
committee signed the paper which has been
read. When the gentleman says that that
paper is not creditable to the members sign-
ing it, he is a little like that man on a jury
who complained that the other eleven jurors
were so stubborn that he could do nothing with
them. That is all I desire to say.
The SPEAKER. Debate is exhausted, as
the previous question is now operating.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I ask unanimous
consent of the House to make an inquiiy in
relation to this bill.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection?
There was no objection.
Mr. WILSON,, of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I
desire as far as possible to do what is right in
reference to this case, and hence I wish to
understand what are the facts in regard to
several points on which my vote may depend.
In the first place, if I correctly understand,
this land is now subject to the disposal of the
United States; that is, the title has not yet
been perfected in either of the parties claiming
it. I understand further that, the opinion of
the Attorney General is to the effect that the
preiimptor has 110 right which the Government
is bound to respect, until after he has completed
his purchase. I also understand that these
other parties need this legislation in order to
perfect their title. I desire to know whether
the passage of this bill under this state of facts
would not confirm the title in the first claim-
ants and prevent any legislation hereafter for
the benefit of the second claimants. I have
not heard this question discussed, and I should
like to have an answer on the point from some
member who has given his attention to the
subject.
Mr. JULIAN. I will say in answer to the
gentleman's inquiry that there are two classes
of settlers in this case—the settlers under the
void grant and the preemptors. The act of
1863 defines and determines all the rights of
the Vallejo claimants under the void grant.
The preemptors' claim has reference to land
which is not occupied and settled upon at all
by the Vallejo claimants. It is their preemp-
tion rights, sought to be overturned by the
opinion of the Attorney General, that wo
desire to save by the amendment of the com-
mittee as reported.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to know
what effect the passage of this bill will have
upon the rights of parties claiming under the
Vallejo title.
Mr. BID WELL. Without this amendment
the passage of the bill will have no effect upon
them whatever.
Mr. JULIAN. Without the amendment it
will expose every one of these preemptors
to the usurpation and rapacity of the Vallejo
claimants.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. My object in ask-
ing this question is to know whether the pas-
sage of this bill will so far dispose of the title
to the land embraced in the Vallejo grant as
to prevent any action on the part of Congress
hereafter for the protection of all persons who
are claiming as preemptors". That was my
object.
Mr. BIDWELL. It carefully guards the
rights of preemptors.
The question recurred' on the following
amendment:
Provider.i, however, That the act of Congress^ enti-
tled "An act to grant the right, of preemption to
certain purchasers on the Soscol ranch in Califor-
nia,'' approved March 3, JS03, shall not be so con-
strued as to interfere with the claims of bonaji/ir
settlers on the said lands, who had settled thereon
and wereclaiming preemptions, in accordance with
the laws of the United States, prior to the time of
the passage of the said act.
Mr. BID WELL demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BINGHAM. I appeal to the chairman
to consent to a postponement of this question.
The SPEAKER. That can only be done by
reconsidering the vote by which the main ques-
tion was ordered.
Mr. BIDWELL. WTe do not objeot to post-
poning the amendment.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 80, nays 91, not voting
61; as follows :
YEAS — Messrs. Allison, Bingham, Cook, Eckley,
Finck, AbnerC. Harding, Holmes, Julian, William
Lawrence, Le Blond, Mercur, Miller, Morris, Orth,
Paine, Price, John I£. Rice Ross, Shellabargcr, Spald-
ing, Stilwell, Thayer, Thornton, Trimble, Van Aer-
nam, Elihu B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn,
Will iain B. Washburn, James F. Wilson, and Stephen
1?. Wilson—30.
KAYS—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Ancona, Anderson,
Delos It. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Banks, Barker,
Benjamin, Bidwell, Boyer, Bromwell, Huefcland,
Bundy, Header W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb,
Coffroth, Davis, Dawes, Dawson, Delano, Dixon,
Dodge, Driggs, Eggleston, Eldridge, Eliot. Farquhar,
Ferry, Garfield, Glossbrenner, Gridcr, Hale, Hart,
Hayes. Henderson, Higby, Ilotchkiss, Demas Hub-
bard, John H. Hubbard, James R. Hubbell, Hum-
phrey, Ingersoll, Kelley, Kerr, Kercham, JKuyken-
dall,.Laftin, George V. Lawrence, Longyear, Mar-
shall, Marston, Marvin, MeClurg, MeCullousrh. Mc-
jttuer, Moorhcad, Morrill, Myers, Newell, Niblack,
Noell, O'Neill, Patterson, Perham, Pike, Samuel J.
Randall, William II. Randall, Alexander H. Rice,
Ritter, Rogers, Rollins, Sawyer, Schenclc, Scofield,
Shanklin, Strouse, Taber, Taylor, John L. Thomas,
Trowbridge, Upson, Burt Van Horn, Robeit T. Van
Horn, Word, Wclker, Wentworth, Williams, Win-
dom. and Wooclbridge—91.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Baker. Baldwin, Baxter,
Bcaman, Bergen. Blaine, Blow, Boutwell, Brandc-
gce. Broomall, Chanler, Conkling, Cullom, Culver,
Darling. Defrees, Deming, Deni=on, Donnelly, Du-
mont, Farnsworth, Goodyear, Grinnell, Griswold,
AaronHarding. Harris, Hiil.Hogan, Hooper, AsahcX
W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, Edwin N. Hub-
bell, tin lb u I'd, Jenckes, Johnson, Jones, Kasson,
Kelso, Latham, Loan, Lynch, Mclndoc, MeKee,
Moulton, Nicholson, Phelps, Plants, Pomeroy, Rad-
ford, Raymond, Itousscau, Sitgreaves, Sloan, Smith,
Starr, Stevens. Francis Thomas, Warner, Whaley,
Winficld, and Wright—61.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. McRUER demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. McRUER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
close of debate.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that all debate in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the pending paragraph of the tariff
bill be terminated in one minute afterthecom-
mittee shall resume the consideration of the
same.
The motion was agreed to.
tariff bill.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Scofield in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the special order, being bill of the
House No. 718, to provide increased revenue
from imports, and for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN stated the pending ques-
tion to be on the amendment offered by Mr.
Strouse, on page 39, line nine, to strike out
"thirty" and'insert "fifty;" so the paragraph
will read, "on animals, living, ail sorts, fifty
per cent, ad valorem."
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
On apples, garden fruit, and vegetable?, ten per
cent, all valorem.
