2696
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
May 19,
conciliatory measures and wise counsels would
preserve the Union and avert the calamities of
a civil war. To this end I favored the peace
offerings tendered in Congress by Mr. Critten-
den and Mr. Douglas. Some of the measures
of the Administration, which I regarded as in-
fringing upon the Constitution, the reserved
rights of the States, and th.e liberties of the cit-
izen, I strenuously opposed. This difference
of opinion with and opposition, to the Admin-
istration has sometimes called forth from its
friends the unjustifiable charge of disloyalty to
the Government and sympathy with treason.
The inference is unfair, and no hypothesis
could be more foreign to the truth. At the
last presidential election eighteen hundred
thousand votes were cast outside of the States
in rebellion against the policy of the Adminis-
tration. These men were not disunionists;
they were true friends of the Constitution and
the perpetuity of civil liberty. They would
have preserved the Union peaceably if possi-
ble, but forcibly if necessary. The Union pre-
served in its pristine purity is worth all the sac-
rifices, vast as they have been, of blood and
treasure. Whether they were right or wrong,
whether the one or the other policy would have
been best, is no longer a practical question ;
what is done cannot be recalled.
Let us turn from the dead past to the living,
practical issues before us. First and greatest
in magnitude and importance is the restoration
of the Union with amicable, fraternal relations
between its different sections. It rises infi-
nitely above all others, and merits the pro-
found and dispassionate consideration of Con-
gress and the country. Haifa million of our
brave men and untold millions of treasure have
been lavishly bestowed to suppress rebellion,
enforce the laws, and maintain the Union.
The objects for which the war was prosecuted
were authoritatively enunciated by resolutions
introduced in both branches of Congress by
Messrs. Johnson and Crittenden, and obtained
wilh great unanimity its concurrent sanction.
On this congressional platform, acquiesced in
by every department of the Government with-
out change or modification, the war was pros-
ecuted, therebellionsuppressed, peace restored,
and the Union maintained. Such, at least, was
the judgment of the country up to the time of
the meeting of the present Congress. Every-
where, on land and sea, our arms had been
triumphantly victorious; the insurgents were
routed and vanquished, laid down their arms
and sued for pcace. Animosity began to give
way, sectional bickering was hushed, business
and confidence began to revive,' the country
was tired of strife and war, the national heart
yearned for peace, quiet, unity, and fraternity.
The Executive had inaugurated and was suc-
cessfully carrying out a policy for the restora-
tion of civil authority, which for its wisdom
and justice commended itself to the country
and the civilized world. Such was the condition
of national affairs when Congress convened.
These bright visions and cherished hopes
received their first rude shock when the hon-
orable Speaker. in his serenade speech, sounded
the key-note of opposition to restoration—that
we should ''make haste slowly." The senti-
ments enunciated in that carefully prepared
speech, by one of the ablest and most distin-
guished of his party, foreshadowed unmistak-
ably the purpose to thwart the Executive in his
policy for the restoration of the Union. A
caucus was called, Mr. Stevexs's anti-restora-
tion resolution adopted, the Clerk refused to
place on the roll or call the name of any mem-
ber from cither of the eleven southern States.
As soon as the House was thus organized the
caucus resolution was adopted, creating the
celebrated joint committee of fifteen on recon-
struction, to which were tobereferred without
debate all credentials and other matters apper-
taining to members from the eleven southern
States, thereby ignoring the standing Commit-
tee of Elections in each House and depriving
them of their right to "judge of the elections,
returns, and qualifications of its own mem 
berg,*'
This committee was created for the purpose
of preventing restoration; to destroy, not to
restore, and thus far it has successfully carried
out the objects and purposes for which it was
ushered into existence. They are opposed to
the restoration of the Union, and it will never
be restored as long as they have the power to
prevent it. The resolution creating this com-
mittee and defining its duties is in palpable
conflict with the plain provisions of the Con-
stitution. Permit me to call your attention to
it. Article one, section five, provides that
"each House shall be the judge of the elec-
tions, returns, and qualifications of its own
members." Now, while this resolution stands
as valid and is executed it virtually annuls this
constitutional provision that " each House shall
be the judge," &c., " of the qualifications of its
own members." By the terms of this resolu-
tion both Houses must judge of the qualifica-
tions, &c., of each, instead of each House judg-
ing of its own members. By referring all cre-
dentials to this committee you deprive this
House of being "the judge," or of even ex-
pressing an opinion on the subject; neither
House can act separately as the "judge;" but
it requires both Houses, acting jointly, to be
the "judges."
By the Constitution each House is to act
separately in judging of the qualifications of
its own members, while by the resolution this
right is denied, as it requires the concurrent
action of both Houses before the members can
be admitted to either. If three fourths of the
members of this House desire to admit a mem-
ber from Tennessee it cannot be done without
the consent of the Senate, wherefore I hold
that the resolution is in violation of the Con-
stitution as it prohibits each House from the
exorcise of the constitutional right to judge of
the qualifications, &c., of its own members, as
this House cannotact upon the subject without
the concurrent action of the Senate. By this
new rule all propositions for the admission of
members from the southern States must be re-
ferred, without debate or vote, to the joint
committee on reconstruction. How, then, can
this House judge of the qualifications and ad-
mit a member when it desires to do so ? Itmay
be said by rescinding the resolution. But can
one House repeal a joint resolution? Thus the
Constitution is held in abej'ance by joint reso-
lution of Congress.
Again, article one, section two, of the Con-
stitution provides that " each State shall have
at least one Representative;" and by article
one, section three, the Senate of the United
States shall be composed of two Senators from
each State, chosen by the Legislature thereof,
for six years ; and each Senator shall have one
vole. Yet Congress has been in session for
over five months, and in palpable violation of
this plain constitutional provision has persist-
ently refused any representation either in the
Senate or House from eleven States of the
Union, although from some of them, at least,
loyal Senators and Representatives, duly elected
and qualified, with legal credentials, have been
knocking at our doors asking admission, un-
less they would consent to abandon the great
fundamental principle which lies at the basis
of our form of government, that each State
has the exclusive right to determine who shall
exercise the elective franchise, and to manage
and control her own domestic institutions and
civil polity in her own way, subject only to
the Constitution of the United States and the
laws made in pursuance thereof- Congress
can only lawfully exercise the delegated pow-
ers, all others "are reserved to the States
respectively, or to the people." Many of the
States now represented in Congress do not
conform to the invidious discriminations of
the disunion committee. Why not exclude
their members for the same reason?
Sir, I have not been disappointed in the action
of the committee charged with the specific duty
of reconstruction. Accordingto all parliament-
ary rules and usages, it should have been con-
structed with a majority favorable to the objeot
with which it was specially- intrusted. I fear
this orphan child of reconstruction will never
receive much nourishment from the breast of
its unnatural, unfriendly mother. Like mili-
tary courts-martial, the committee was organ-
ized to convict. Their object has been to dis-
sever and destroy, not to restore or build -up.
This "central directory" has held its star-cham -
ber meetings in secret conclave. Still the coun-
try could readily divine what such a committee
would naturally be doing. After two months'
session with the credentials of members from
eleven States before them, the first bantling
ushered into the presence of the House, nur-
tured on the fructifying pap of the "committee
of public safety," was a constitutional amend-
ment to deprive these unrepresented Slates of
some twenty or thirty Representatives in Con-
gress, to which they are entitled under the Con-
stitution, and without permitting them to be
heard by Representatives or otherwise. It is
sought to enforce an odious constitutional pro-
vision upon eight million people, against their
will, and without their assent.
Then a very modest appropriation of $10,000
is asked for to enable them to manufacture tes-
timony in favor of disunion and against the
restoration policy of the Administration. Such
a request was promptly granted by such a Con-
gress. Next, twenty-five thousand extra copies
of voluminous ex parte testimony, prepared by
the secret junta, are ordered to be printed, ex-
pressly as a campaign document, to be used
for the purpose of engendering sectional strife
and exciting personal animosities and bitter-
ness between the people. Thus increased taxes
are imposed upon the people to further party
schemes, dissever the Union, and misrepresent
and malign the President.
After three months of the most excruciating
labor the " directory" introduce another prop-
osition to admit the State of Tennessee into
the Union. The State of Tennessee out of the
Union! If so, then the rebellion was a suc-
cess, the Union severed, and-the Government
destroyed. Sir, is this theory of a dissevered
Union and dead States true? If so, when,
where, and by what means was it accomplished?
The insurgents passed ordinances of secession.
Did we acknowledge their binding force or
validity? Surely not; we held them as abso-
lutely null and void. They claimed the right
to take certain States out of the Union, and,
to enforce it, appealed to the arbitrament of
arms. We denied the right and accepted the
tendered wager of battle. They waged war
against the Government for the purpose of tak-
ing the States out of the Union; we prosecuted
it on our part to keep them in the Union ; and
inasmuch as it is admitted that the contest was
decided in our favor, it is difficult to understand
how the committee come to the sage conclu-
sion that the insurgent Stales are out of the
Union. If this theory be true, the present in-
cumbent of the executive chair is ineligible to
the office of President, not having been prior
to his election "fourteen years a resident of
the United States."
Sir, the sophistical theory of a dissevered
Union is false and fallacious, and cannot stand
the scrutinizing test of investigation. Accord-
ing to the reasoning of the committee, the sin-
gular anomaly is "presented that the Slates, in
some mysterious manner, without any person
knowing when, where, "or how, actually got
out of the Union, though the rebellion col-
lapsed and the Government triumphed, it U
urged that'the States were guilty of treason,
and, therefore, dead States, out of the Union.
Every lawyer knows that a State cannot com-
mit treason. Tennessee, never having been
out, requires no enabling act at our hands for
readmission. Though temporarily overrun by
rebellion, she is not obliterated or torn by ruth-
less hands from her orbit. She still stands a*
one of the States in the national constellation,
without any constitutional right or lawful uu
thority on her part to secede or on ouis to
force her out.
ihe Union of these States can only be de
Btroyed or dissevered hy consent or force. Con-
sent baa not been given,- and force lias been
