1786
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
■will be recommitted. The amendments which
the Senator has on his desk, and which he pro-
poses to offer, I have no doubt are properly
•matured now, but we can better consider them
if they are presented to us in the bill as re-
ported by the committee, than when they are
simplyread from, manuscript at the Secretary's
desk.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator make a motion ?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir, I make the motion
that the hill be recommitted to the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
Mr. WILLEY. I have no objection to that
'motion, but I will say while I am up, in answer
to the Senator, that by the act of Congress of
'1882, all the right, title, and interest of the
United States in and to this canal were trans-
ferred to the mayor and the corporate author-
ities of the city of "Washington, but upon the
express condition that they should make the
canal so many feet deep, eight or ten, I forget
which, and that they should constantly keep it
in repair and clear of all sediment, &c., and
in operation. Whether they have complied
witli that condition or not, I suppose the Sen-
ator from Iowa can very well judge.
Mr. GRIMES, But there was no forfeiture.
■ Mr. WILLEY. No forfeiture has been de-
clared by any judicial tribunal. That is ex-
actly the way it stands at this time. What
right the United States by that act of Con-
gress did really transfer to the corporate au-
thorities of Washington city is not very clear
from previous legislation on the subject.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not object to the re-
committal of this bill. I have not paid much
attention to the details of the bill at any time,
but I know something of the history of this
canal. That this enterprise would accomplish
what is so much desired by the city, I am quite
persuaded. This canal is indispensable to the
proper sewerage of the city; but instead of its
answering that purpose now and in the past, it
has been, as the Senator from West Virginia
has well said, a nuisance ; it has answered no
purpose. I am satisfied that if you connect
with the general object of sewerage the enter-
prise of commerce, you will always have con-
nected with that of sewerage an active princi-
ple which will keep the sewerage in a condition
to make it effective. Therefore I am in favor
of combining the two things, and I believe it is
practicable; I believe it is the best measure,
all things considered, that I have yet seen.
Now. as to this question of who owns the
canal, judging from the use that has been made
of it, I should think nobody owned it. Nobody
has seemed to claim ownership over it, and
nobody seems to have exercised much owner-
ship over it. I have no doubt the equitable
interests of the Government in it are vastly
superior to the interests of any other party. I
do not understand that the city undertakes to
exercise jurisdiction over it as against the Gov-
ernment, and, in fact,, in repeated andnumerous
instances, they have declined to exercise any
jurisdiction over it, saying that it was within the
power of the General Government. There is
a bill now on our tables, introduced in the other
House, contemplating ail improvement of this
canal,-upon the principle that it is chiefly the
interest of the Government to make this im-
provement, and 1 believe it proposes to appro-
priate four or live hundred thousand dollars on
the part of the Government for the improve-
ment of this canal. I therefore desire to say,
before the bill is recommitted, that I am in favor
of the general objects of the bill, and believe
that it can be best accomplished in connection
with some active enterprise, such as is contem-
plated by the corporators in this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Iowa to
recommit the bill to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
CLERK OF DISTRICT SUPREME COURT.
_ On motion of Mr. MORRIL% the Senate, as
m Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 43) to prescribe the mode
of settling the accounts of the clerk of the
supreme court of the District of Columbia, It
provides that the clerk of the supreme court of
the District of Columbia shall pay into the
Treasury of the United States all the earnings
of his office, over and above the necessary
expenses and his own compensation. His ac-
counts of the earnings and expenses are to be
adjusted by the regular auditor of the court, or
by a special auditor to be appointed by the_
court for the purpose, within thirty days after
the 1st day of January and July, every year;
and the auditor is immediately to report his
adjustment to-the court, with such exceptions
thereto as the clerk shall, within four days after
the adjustment reported, take and file with the
auditor. The courtis to pronounce such decree
upon the report and exceptions as may seem to
it equitable and just; and the decree is to be
final, and be binding upon the United States
and the clerk. If, upon such account, a balance
be found due from .the clerk to the United
States, the court is to order payment by the
clerk into the Treasury, and enforce its order
by execution, process of contempt, or other-
wise ; and, if the clerk refuse to pay the money,
remove him from office. If a balance be found
due from the United States to the clerk, it is to
be paid upon presentingto the Treasurer a copy
of the decree, duly certified. The clerk as in
other cases of judgments to which the United
States is a party is to furnish the Solicitor of the
Treasury a copy of the decree immediately after
it is pronounced.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
SETTLEMENT OF TREASURY BALANCES.
Mr. GUTHRIE. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 158.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not like to interpose,
and if the bill of the honorable Senator will
take no time I will not object, but this day was
assigned for the consideration of District busi-
ness.
Mr. GUTHRIE. I think it will not take
any time.
Mr. MORRILL. I will not object, with the
understanding that it will take no time.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 158) to facilitate the settlement of the ac-
counts of the Treasurer of the United States, and
to secure certain moneys to the people of the
United States, or to the persons to whom they
are due, and who are entitled to receive the
same, was read the second time as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
It provides that all amounts of moneys that
are represented by certificates, drafts, or
cheeks, issued by the Treasurer of the United
States, or by any disbursing officer of an)'
Department of the Government of the United
States, upon the Treasurer or any Assistant
Treasurer, or designated depositary of the Uni-
ted States, or upon any national bank desig-
nated as a depository of the United States,
and which shall be represented on the books
of either such offices as standing to the credit
of any disbursing officer, and bearing date
prior to July 1, 18G3, and which were issued
to facilitate the payment of warrants, or for
any other purpose in liquidation of a debt due
from the United States, which may remain
outstanding on the 1st of July, 18G6, shall be
deposited by the Treasurer of the United
States, to be covered into the Treasury by
warrant, and to be carried to the credit of the
parties in whose favor such certificates, drafts,
or checks were respectively issued, or to the
persons who are entitled to receive pay there-
for, and into an appropriation account, to be
denominated "outstanding liabilities."
The certificate of the Register ofthe Treasury,
stating that the amount of any draft issued by
the Treasurer of the United States to facilitate
the payment of a warrant directed to him for
payment, and which may have so remained
outstanding and unpaid for three years or more,
and which shall have been thus deposited and
covered into the Treasury, is authorized to be,
when attached to any such warrant, a sufficient
voucher in satisfaction of any such warrant or
part of any warrant, the same as if the drafts
correctly indorsed and fully satisfied were at-
tached to such warrant or part of warrant. And
all such moneys arc to remain as a permanent
appropriation for the redemption and payment
of all such outstanding and unpaid certificates,
drafts, and checks.
The payee, or the bona fide holder of any
such draft or check, the amount of which has
been so deposited and covered into the Treas-
ury, on presenting it to the proper officer of
the Treasury, is to be entitled to have it paid
by the settlement of an account and the issuing
of a warrant in his favor, according to the prac-
tice in other cases of authorized and liquidated
claims against the United States.
At the termination of every fiscal year, after
this act begins to operate, its provisions are to
apply to all similar certificates, drafts, and
checks which shall then have for three years
or more remained outstanding, unsatisfied, and
unpaid, and to all disbursing officers' accounts
that shall have so remained unchanged.
The amounts, except such as are provided
for in the first section of this bill, of the ac-
counts of every kind of disbursing officer of the
Government of the United States which have
remained unchanged or which shall not have
been increased by any new deposit thereto, nor
decreased by drafts drawn thereon, for the space
of three years, are in like manner to be covered *
into the Treasury, to the proper appropriation
to which they may belong, and the amounts,
on the certificate of the Treasurer of the United
States that such amount has been deposited in
the Treasury, are to be credited by the proper
accounting officer of the Treasury on the books
of the Treasury Department, to the officer in
whose name it had stood on the books of any
agency of the Treasury, if it shall be made to
appear that he is entitlcAto such credit.
For the purpose of giving force and effect to
the full intent and meaning of this act, it is to
be the duty of the Treasurer, and of all Assistant
Treasurers, and of all designated depositaries
of the United States, and of the cashiers of all
national banks designated as such depositories,
to report to the Secretary of the Treasury, at the
close of business on the 30th of June next, and
in like manner at the close of business on every
30th day of June thereafter, the condition of
every such account so standing on the books of
their respective offices, stating the name of each
depositor, respectively, with .his official desig-
nation, the total amount so remaining on de-
jiosit to his credit, and the dates, respectively,
of the last credi t and the last debit made to each
of such accounts, respectively. And it is to be
the duty of every and each disbursing officer in
any and every department of the Government
of the United,States to make a like return of
all checks issued by such officer, and which
may then have been outstanding arid unpaid
for three years and more, stating fully in such
report the name of the payee, for what purpose
given, the office on which drawn, the number
of the voucher received therefor, and the date,
number, and amount for which it was drawn,
and, when known, the residence of the payee.
Mr. GUTHRIE. This is a very necessary
and proper bill. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance requested me to take it up
and see General Spinner about it. I took it
up and had it examined by the experts in the
office, and they believe it is exactly right. I
found a difficulty of the same kind about bal-
ances while I was in the Treasury. The last
act passed by Congress authorizing the settle-
ment of balances was in 1837, and it was so
construed as not to be continuing, looking for-
ward to future balances, but only to those that
had already accrued. This bill keeps this
money under the control of the Government
to settle the claims for which it was issued, but
it brings it into a separate account, so that the
particular accounts of the officers can be closed.
These balances arise from accident and mis-
fortune, and sometimes it takes a long time to
