256
APPENDIX, TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 9,
Ho. oi"1 Reps.
Reconstruction Amendment, <&c.—Mr. Baker.
39tii Cono. ... 1 st Sis?
though civilization in all lands is still blunder-
ing in its alphabet, yet the realized fact of
to-day is higher than the most famous ideal em-
bodiments of the past; for we have here in our
own country an actual subsisting polity incom-
parably superior as a whole to anything we
read of in the Republic of Plato, the New At-
lantis of Bacon, the Oceana of Harrington, or
the Utopia of More. In view of this great law,
which slowly evolves, step by step, the prog-
ress of human society, as of universal physical
nature, we may learn to chasten our impa-
tience without abating our zeal, and to accept
thankfully for the time the best measure of
good we are able to attain. If liberty will
not grow in advance of culture, if in politics
as in hydraulics the stream will not flow above
the fountain head, it is no fault of ours, nor
of God's either. Deep down at the bottom
of the being of things, further down than finite
intelligence may ever be able to penetrate,
I make no question there is a complete moral
justification of that wonderful arrangement,
by which the individual, the social, the moral,
the political, and religious life of mankind
must pass by. gradual advances, and through
suffering, labor, and patient endurance, into
the higher goods of liberty and virtue. If it
seem that the wine-press of affliction we have
trod during these late bloody years should yield
more perfect immediate results, we may doubt
whether our national culture has been equal to
our national affliction, and we may know that
the blood of the martyrs of humanity, like all
other seed, does not instantly spring from the
ground and flower forth into the full fruition
of human uses. Now, and in the future, the
utmost return will be made for the late pro-
digious heroism and suffering of the nation.
-Most encouraging is that profound change
for the better which has already taken place in
our public life and public thought. The popu-
lar mind now perceives, if not perfectly, yet in
shadowy outline, that tly;re is a higher law than
any of human devise, older than cities and em-
pires, and to the requirements of which every
nation ought to conform its institutions and its
laws, just as the mason builds his wall by the
plumet line, or as the husbandman observes
the course of the seasons in his tillage. Here
is the foundation of that party of Progress to
which belongs the future of our country. When
I attentively contemplate our fair and stalwart
young Republic, her foot upon the broken lash
and manacle, her garments red with the pre-
cious blood of her slain children, I detect upon
her beautiful countenance a greater depth of
thought, a more humane love, a higher pur-
pose and wiser look than was ever seen there
before. Like Magdalene, she has flung from
her the gross filthiness of her pollutions, and
lifted her heart in strong resolve to the things
of a purer and greater life. If yet she has not
entered completely into that higher life, if yet
the new habit has not fully conquered the old,
still, the great thoughts that quicken her intel-
lect, the noble aspirations that inspire her
heart, are prophetic of the peerless beauty and
glory and righteousness which shall crown her
coming life.
Meantime, content with the possibilities of
the present, nothing doubting the better reali-
zations of the future, let us briefly analyze this
Reconstruction Amendment which we have
tendered to the States as a practical basis for
the restored political order of the Union.
Indeed, comment upon the several sections
which compose this amendment may well be
brief; for there are some propositions, the
justice and propriety of which are so obvious
in their simple statement, that they cannot be
much helped by any amount of argument or
illustration.
The first section of the amendment is as
follows:
"Si:c.l. All persons born or naturalized in theUni-
ted States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are
citizens oftheUnited States and of the State wherein
they reside. Xo State shall make or enforce any law
which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of
citizens of the United States; nor shall any State
deprive any person of life, liberty, or propeity, witll-
ontdue process oflaw, nordeny to any person withiu
its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws."
This section I regard as more valuable for
clearing away bad interpretations and bad uses
of the Constitution as it is than for any posi-
tive grant of new power which it contains.
How admirable, how plainly just, are the sev-
eral provisions of it!
"All persons born or naturalized in the United
States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are
citizens of the United States and of the State wherein
they reside.''
Who can object to this ? Persons born or
naturalized in the United States, and subject
to its jurisdiction, subject to taxation, to mili-
tary service, to all the burdens of society, both
State and national, ought, upon every principle
of manly justice, to receive in turn from society
that protection which is involved in the status
of citizenship. To compel a man to submit to
your jurisdiction in all things, to pay your taxes,
and fight your battles, and then withhold from
him this reasonable measure of reciprocal pro-
tection is, to say the least, and to call it by no
harder name, a political villainy which every
citizen of a democratic country ought to be
ashamed of. Again:
" No State shall make or enforce any law which
shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens
of the United States."
What business is it of any State to do the
things here forbidden ? to rob the American
citizen of rights thrown around him by the
supreme law of the land? When we remem-
ber to what an extent, this has been done in the
past, we can appreciate the need of putting a
stop to it-in the future. Again :
"Nor shall any Stnte deprive any person of life,
liberty, or property without due process of law, nor
deny to any person within its jurisdiction tile equal
protection of the laws."
How clearly right and necessary to liberty is
this! The Constitution already declares gen-
erally that no person shall "be deprived of life,
liberty, or property without due process of
law." This declares particularly that no State
shall do it—a wholesome and needed check
upon the great abuse of liberty which several
of the States have practiced, and which they
manifest too much purpose to continue. The
final clause of the section, providing that no
State shall deny to any person within its juris-
diction the equal protection of the laws, is so
obviously right, that one would imagine nobody
could be found so hard-hearted and cruel as
not to recognize its simple justice. Is it not a
disgrace to a free country that the poor and
the weak members of society should be denied
equal justice and equal protection at the hands
of the law? Who can look straight at the fact
till he realizes its full meaning and its full
meanness without dropping his eyes and hang-
ing his head in shame? This whole section is
sound in all its parts and in every particular.
It appeals irresistibly to the democratic in-
stinct of the people, and it will be a jewel of
beauty when placed in the Constitution of the
country.
The second section is in these words:
"Sec. 2. Representatives shall be apportioned among
the several States according to their respectivenum-
bers, counting the whole number of persons in each
State, excluding Indians not taxed. But when the
right to vote at any clcction for the choice of elect-
ors for President and Vice President of the United
States, Representatives in Congress, the executive
and judicial officers of a State, or the members of the
Legislature thereof, is denied to any of the male
inhabitants of such State, being twenty-one years
of age, and citizens ot the United States, or in any
way abridged, except for participation in rebellion
or other crime, the basis of representation therein
shall beredneed in the proportion which the number
of such male citizens shall bear to the whole num-
ber of male citizens twenty-one years of age in such
State."
The substantial, practical meaning of which
is, that those States which disfranchise their
colored population shall have them struck out of
their basis of representation in Congress, lessen-
ing thereby their number of Representatives,
and, by consequence, lessening to the same ex-
tent their quotas of'electors for President mid
Vice President. Taking for a basis the cens',-. of
18G0, and the present law regulating the num-
ber of Representatives, the exact state of the
case is as follows: the number of slaves was
three million nine hundred and fifty thousand;
the legal quota for a Representative in Con-
gress is one hundred and twenty-seven thou-
sand ; from which it results that the unvoting,
manumitted slave population, as matters now
stand, would yield thirty-one members of Con-
gress and thirty-one electors of President and
Vice President. In addition to this, the curi-
ously absurd feature of the case is to be ob-
served, that in consequence of the abolition of
slavery, the two fifths of the slaves who were
excluded, would now be included in the basis
of representation—thus actually adding not less
than eleven Representatives and presidential
electors to the strength of the late slaveholding
States: that is, before the rebellion there were
twenty, now there would be thirty-one Repre-
sentatives and electors, resting upon no better
foundation than the disfranchised colored peo-
ple of the South. That a power so great as
this—great enough in all doubtful cases t,o de-
termine the destiny of the Republic by electing
its President and controlling the popular branch
of its Legislature—that such an odious, aristo-
cratic power, based on not one solitary vote
among the people, and controlled too, by those
States which have deluged the country in blood
in order to overthrow the Republic ; that such
a power, I say, so grossly unjust, so disgrace-
ful to free institutions, and so dangerous to the
country, should be permitted to continue in the
system as a means of strengthening the hands
of the late enemies of the Republic, is a thing
too absurd, too out of joint with all the logic,
justice, and patriotism of the case, to he con-
ceived of as possible on any other hypothesis
than that the loyal people of the country shall
become stricken with judicial blindness.
It is idle to say the defeated insuigents arc
impoverished and weak. They have an ally
in the North whose name is legion. The ex-
rebel of the South and the copperhead Demo-
crat of the North will rally under one banner,
gather inspiration from one impulse, and strain
every nerve to get control of the Government.
In view of all that is past, the sentiment is
higher than mere party, which prompts me to
saythat the ascendency of this coalition would
be dangerous to the Republic. Upon all ac-
counts and by every just means such a public
calamity ought to be prevented. Now, the emi-
nent merit of this second section is, that while
it will serve the practical purpose of greatly
narrowing the power of the disloyal and dan-
gerous element of the country, it is palpably
just in itself, and at the same time plainly
tends to a still higher justice. Who will be
impudent enough to say, that if a State with-
holds suffrage from a large portion of her peo-
ple, they ought nevertheless, in point of very
right, to be numbered in her basis of repre-
sentation? No just-minded man can say it.
And who does not perceive that when such
disfranchised persons are stricken from the
count, the State is placed under an induce-
ment of interest, to enlarge her political power
by elevating her political justice ? This section
of the amendment, iu view of all the circum-
stances of the country, is, in my judgment, a
most wise, righteous, and necessary measure.
The following is the third section of the
amendment:
"Sec.3. No person shall be a Senator or Represent-
ative in Congress, or elector of Pvesident and Vice
President, or hold any office, c-ivil or military, under
the United States or under any State, who having
previously taken an oath as a member of Congress,
or as an officer of the United States, or as a member
of any State Legislature, or as an executive or judi-
cial officer of any State, to support the Constitution
of the United States, shall have engaged in insurrec-
tion or rebellion against the same, or given aid or
comfort to the enemies thereof But Congress may,
by a rote of two thirds of each House, remove such
disability."
