1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
now and tell us that they were loyal, and are
the people of this country to be taxed to pay
those men for the destruction occasioned or
inflicted by our armies ? Where is the law for
it ? The Senator says we are bound to do it by
law. WheSre ? Who made such a law and when
was such a law made? No, sir, they want us
to make a law of that character. I shall not
vote for it. Thousands of men in this country
have lost their all by the war. Are we to pay
the merchants of New York, of Philadelphia,
and of Boston for the losses occasioned by the
war? Are we to pay them for their ships lost
on the seas ? Where are we to begin and where
are we to stop ?
I said in regard to the proposition made by
the Senator from West Virginia that I was will-
ing to pay loyal people who had furnished sup-
plies for our Army, whether they lived in the
loyal or the disloyal States. I am willing to treat
one just as I will treat the other. Where we
have given certificates that we have taken prop-
erty there, I hold those certificates to boa con-
tract; and if in some cases it can be clearly
shown that the officers of our Army took prop-
erty for the support of the Army, and that cir-
cumstances prevented their giving the proper
vouchers for it, lam willing, on a most thorough
and exact investigation, to pay for that property.
But are we to pay for the thousands of dwell-
ings burnt, for the miles of fence burnt up, for
the vast amount of property destroyed by the
march of our armies? Sir, all this was occa-
sioned by the war ; it was a part of the neces-
sary loss brought upon the people by the move-
ments of our armies, and 1 am not in favor of
paying for the wood VI have cut down or the
fences we have burnt, or the wheat fields tram-
pled under the march of our armies, whether
it be in the loyal or disloyal States. We have
had burdens enough imposed on the people of
this country for generations to come, without
having thousands and hundreds of thousands
of traitors professing to be loyal, coming up
to Congress every year and asking us to pay
for every little damage occasioned by the move-
m'ents of our armies. I do not believe in the
justice of it. I believe it to be a wrong, ut-
terly indefensible, to put upon the men who
have saved this country, to put upon the sol-
diers of our armies who have by the orders of
their commanders, or by the movements of the
armies, destroyed property in their marches, the
burden of paying for the property destroyed.
Sir, we have had a touch of this. A bill was
fassed at the last session, which, by an act that
regard as almostprovidential, didnotbecome
a law. Had it become a law, and had that bill
been taken as a precedent here, it was a vote
of more than $500,000,000 out of the Treasury,
and you had nowhere to stop without denying
your own action. It is before us, and I trust
in God it never is to pass, and that no such
legislation is to receive the sanction of this na-
tion that is to provide for the property destroyed
by the movements of our armies.
Mr. CLARK. Sir. President, the Senator
from Massachusetts is kind enough to say that
he is not surprised at the course that I take.
Let me tell that Senator that I am surprised at
the course he takes. I was surprised to hear
him say in the Senate yesterday, that he would
not give a vote even if it were right. Now, sir,
I never shall do that. Whatever may be the con-
sequences, if I come to the conclusion that a
thing is right to be done, I shall give my vote
to do it; and so will the Senator from Massa-
chusetts when he reflects. N o man will do right
more readily than he. It is only in his warmth
and earnestness and zeal to save the country
that he would be unjust to the citizens of the
country by not discriminating between what
ought to be done and what ought not to be
done. _ •
I am not afraid, Mr. President, to look these
claims against the Government in the face. I
have no idea that any large mass of them is to
be paid. I have no idea that one in ten de-
serves to be paid among all the disloyal country;
but if in those ten there is one to be paid, I will
look after that one and rejoice that the one
39th Coxg. 1st Sea?.—No. 43.
which was lost is saved and has not gone with
the other nine. I do not believe, I will not be-
lieve, that the men who fought and matched
from the loyal States to save your country will
be nnjust to the men who fought and marched
from the disloyal States. ' I do not believe that
the men in Massachusetts would sanction the
principle that the men in West Virginia true to
your nag should be turned away by the cold
shoulder of the Government. Sir, the men
living in New England not only have brave
hearts but they have warm hearts, and they will
extend the hand of fellowship to the true sol-
dier, be he wherever he may be_, or be he white
or be he black. The question is not where he
lives, as I said before; the question is what he
has done and what is the heart that he bears
within his bosom. The question is not whether
he has got a receipt in his pocket; the question
is whether the Government is under obligation
to him and ought to discharge it.
The Senator refers to the act that we passed
at the last session that was defeated by a mis-
take of the clerk. Can the Senator tell the
principle on which that act went? Can he tell
whether that principle would embrace one hun-
dred or five hundred or only ten eases ? I can
tell him that the man who made that claim was
as loyal as any man in all the country, and that
you took his property as much as you ever took
the property of any person in the necessities of
war.
Mr. President, this Senate is too just, it has
committed to it too vast interests ever to turn
its back upon its citizens; it will draw no line
along by the Potomac and thence between Ken-
tucky and Tennessee away to the West; but this
is the whole country, and the loyal citizens of
the whole country are the citizens of your Gov-
ernment demanding your protection, and they
must and ought to have it. They will have it,
and by and by the broad mantle of your justice
and your love will cover all this country, and
we shall be in the end, I hope, not rebels and
loyalists, but all true to the flag, aud ever here-
after maintaining it.
The resolution was agreed to.
APPORTIONMENT OF REPRESENTATION.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion (PI. R. No. 51) proposing to amend the
Constitution of the United States.
Mr. D00LITTLE. Before my friend from
Massachusetts proceeds, [ desire to submit an
amendment which I shall offer to the pending
resolution before the Senate by way of substi-
tute, and I ask to have it printed and laid on
our tables.
Mr. FESSENDEN and others. Let it be
read.
The Secretary read the amendment of Mr.
Doolittle, which was to substitute for the ar-
ticle of amendment proposed by the House of
Representatives the following:
After the census to be taken in the year 1870 and
each succeeding census. Representatives shall bo ap-
portioned amon;? the several States which may be
in eluded within this Union according to the number in
each State of male electors over twenty-one ycaia of
age Qualified by the laws thereof to choose members
of the most numerous branch of its Legislature. And
direct taxes shall be apportioned among the several
States according to the value of the real andpersonal
taxable property situated in each State not belong-
ing to the State or to the United States.
The proposed amendment was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. Sumner concluded the speech which he
began yesterday. To preserve the continuity
of his argument, the speech is now published
complete, as follows:
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I begin by
expressing my acknowledgments to the Senator
from Maine, who yields the floor to me to-day,
and also my sincere regret that anything should
interfere with the opening of this debate by him.
It is his right, and I enter upon it now only by
his indulgence.
I am not insensible to the responsibility
which I assume in setting myself against a
proposition already adopted in the other House,
and having.the recommendation of a commit-
tee to which the country looks with such, just
expectation, and to which, let me say, I look
with so much trust. But after careful^reflec-
tion, I do not feel that I can do otherwise...
Knowing, as I do, the eminent character of
the committee, its intelligence, its patriotism,
and the moral instincts by which it is moved, I
am at a loss to understand the origin of a prop-
osition which seems to me nothing else than.,
another Compromise of Human Rights, as if the
country had not already paid enough in costly
treasure and more costly blood for such com-
promises iu the_ past. I had hoped that the
day of compromise with wrong had passed for-
ever. Ample experience shows that it is the
least practical mode of settling questions in-
volving moral principles. A moral principle
cannot be compromised.
Here are the words of the amendment:
Provided, That whenever the elective franchise
shall be denied or abridged on account of race or
color, all persons therein of such race or color shall
bo excluded from the basis of representation.
I may be mistaken, sir, but I think it diffi-
cult to read this proposition without being pain-
fully impressed by the discord and defilement
which it will introduce into the Constitution,
having among its specific objects the guarantee
of a republican form of government. The dis-
cord is apparent on the face. The defilement
is none the less apparent. Go back, if.you
please, to the adoption of the Constitution, and
you will gratefully acknowledge that the finest
saying of the times was when Madison, evi-
dently inspired by the Declaration of Independ-
ence, and determined to keep the Constitution
in harmony with it,insisted in well-known words,
that "it was wrong to admit in the Constitu-
tion the idea of property in man." Of all that
has come to us from that historic Convention,
where Washington sat as President, and Frank-
lin and Hamilton sat as members, there is noth-
ing having so much of imperishable charm. It
was wrong to admit in the Constitution the
idea that man could hold property in man.
Accordingly, in this spirit the Constitution was
framed. This offensive idea was not admitted.
The text at leastwaskeptblameless. And now,
after generations have passed, surrounded by
the light of Christian truth and in the very blaze
of Human Freedom, it is proposed to admit in
the Constitution the twin idea of Inequality in
Rights, and thus openly set at naught the first
principles of the Declaration of Independence
and the guarantee of a republican government
itself, while you blot out a whole race politi-
cally. For some time we have been carefully
expunging from the statute-book the word
"white," and now it is proposed to insert in
the Constitution itself a distinction of color.
An amendment, according to the dictionaries,
is "an improvement"—"a change for the
better." Surely the present proposition is an
amendment which like the crab goes backward.
Such is its appearance when you regard it
merely in its form, without penetrating its sub-
stance ; but here it is none the less offensive.
The case is plain. There are among us four
million citizens, now robbed of all share in the
government of their country, while at the same
time they are taxed according to their means,
directly and indirectly, for the support of the
Government. Nobocly can question this state-
ment. And this bare-faced tyranny of taxa-
tion without representation it is now proposed
to recognize as not inconsistent with funda-
mental right and the guarantee of a republican
government. Instead of blasting it you go for-
ward to embrace it as an element of political
power.
If, by this, you expect to induce the recent
slave-master to confer the right of suffrage
without distinction of color, you will find the
proposition a delusion and a snare. He will
do no such thing. Even the bribe you offer will
not tempt him. If, on the other hand, you
expect to accomplish a reduction of his politi-
cal power, it is more than doubtful if you-will
succeed, while the means you employ are un-
worthy of our country. There are tricks and
evasions possible, .and the cunning slave-master
