1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2697
overcome by force. Thank God, the terrible
fratricidal conflict is terminated. The Union
has survived the shock and still lives. The
nation's blood and treasure have not been .sac-
rificed I'or naught. If these eleven States are
actually out of the Union, why were some
of their Representatives retained in Congress,
without objection, after the passage of their
ordinances of secession and during the prose-
cution of the war? In August, 1801, Congress
imposed a direct tax on tiiese eleven States of
between five and six million dollars, which
recognized them as being in the Union. In
March, 1802, in apportioning representation
among the States, fifty-seven members were
assigned to the eleven States whose Repre-
sentatives are now excluded from this Hall.
Why apportion them Representatives in Con-
gress if they were out of the Union?
Article four, section three, of the Constitu-
tion provides that ''no new State shall be
formed or erected within the jurisdiction of any
other State, nor any Slate be formed by the
junction of two or more States, or parts of
States, without the consent of the States con-
cerned as well as of the Congress." Under
and by virtue of this provision the State of
Virginia was divided, the State of West Virginia
admitted by the consent of the Legislature of
Virginia, thereby recognizing her as a State in
the Union, and the action of her Legislature as
valid iu giving their tvru-entto her dismember-
ment.
It is well known that President Lincoln al-
ways recognized and regarded the States within
the Union, and urged in public and private
upon his party the admission of Representatives
from the State of Louisiana into Congress. In
the adoption of the constitutional amendment
abolishing slavery the States lately in rebel-
lion were distinctly recognized as being in the
Union, for that purpose, by the Administra-
tion. The Supremo Court of the United States
recently, with but one dissenting voice, decided
to take up and dispose of the business in said
States, thus adjudicating that they are States
in the Union, and not Territories or conquered
provinces.
Sir, I have now shown that for the last four
years every department of the Government,
executive, legislative, and judicial, has uni-
formly recognized them as States in the Union,
and repudiated the suicidal dogma of a de-
stroyed Union and dead States. The chair-
man of thecoramittee on reconstruction mooted
his favorite theory of conquered territory and
dead States in the Thirty-Eighth Congress, but
with all his popularity as a party leader and
acknowledged ability he was unable to control
twenty votes of his own party in favor of the
proposition : and when introduced by him in
the Baltimore convention was voted down by
an overwhelming majority m the house ot his
own friends. Now, since the meeting of this
Congress, new light seems suddenly to have'
dawned upon the darkness. Heretofore an
intimation that the Union was disrupted or
severed was regarded as' disloyal, but now it
constitutes the very quintessence of patriot-
ism. Now, the President and his Cabinet, as
well as the brave officers and soldiers who
periled their lives that the Union might live,
are to be ostracized and repudiated because
they refuse to keep step to the revolutionary
stiides of these radical destructionists.
Mr. Speaker, can it be possible that honor-
able members are serious when they propose to
hold as conquered provinces, and govern by mil-
itary force eleven States, with eight or ten mil-
lions of people, for an indefinite period of time
without representation? Will they obliterate
these States, and strike eleven stars from the
national galaxy? Would they create a Hun-
gary, a Poland, or an Ireland?. Shall we turn
upon our fathers, abjure our past history, and
'take to our embrace theories of government
drawn from the despotisms of the Old World?
1 implore gentlemen to pause and consider
before they peril all we hold most dear by tak-
ing a step so pregnant with danger; to let
reason and justice, and not passion or party
considerations, control their action. A great
responsibility from which we cannot, if we
would, divest ourselves devolves upon this Con-
gress. Why should we longer delay the full
and complete restoration of the Union? Is
there anything to be gained by procrastination V
If, as is alleged, there still exists in some parts
of the South unkind and even bitter feelings
toward the North, it is not likely that oppres-
sion and tyranny on our part or the enforce-
ment of the anti-American doctrine of " tax-
ation without representation " will tend to
diminish it or increase their respect and love for
us. The southern people committed a grave
error, and were guilty of a great wrong in
waging war against a beneficent Government;
and they have been greatly humiliated and se-
verely punished. In their penury and penitence
they ask to comeback. Like the prodigal son,
they have wandered far from their father's
house, wasted their substance in riotous living,
have been feeding upon husks, have come to
themselves and turned their faces homeward.
Now, what shall we do? Shall we imitate the
elder brother by getting angry, or the kind-
hearted father who saw the returning prodigal
when afar off, and went forth to meet him?
Sir, for myself I am frank to say I have no
heart to turn my back upon the-returning pen-
itent. If there are still roots of bitterness
springing up iu the hearts of this people, the
surest and most expeditious way to eradicate
them is by justice tempered with mercy. Two
antagonistic plans, radically different, are pend-
ing before Congress and the country :
1. The plan of the committee of fifteen, of
a severed Un;on, dead States, conquered prov-
inces, and public enemies, to be taxed without
representation and governed by arbitrary force.
2. The plan of the President: that the ordi-
nances of secession were void ; that the States
still live and are in the Union: that taxation
without representation is against the genius of
our Government; that legally elected loyal
Representatives should be admitted to their
seats in Congress.
On these issues I cannot doubt as to myduty,
and shall cordially support the restoration pol-
icy of the Administration in preference to the
destructive policy of Congress. One will build
up, the other destroy; one is life, the other
death, to the nation. It is ray deliberate con-
viction, founded upon the best information at
my command, that the controlling minds on
that committee neither desire nor intend that
the Union shall ever be restored. They fan
the dying embers of sectional prejudice and
passion ; they pretend that there is danger of
another outbreak in the South, and that the
freedmen will be reenslaved, and thereby hope
to conceal their covert designs upon the liber-
ties of the people, and more effectually break
down the reserved rights of the States, under-
mine the foundations of constitutional liberty,
and erect upon its ruins a consolidated despot-
ism. I say it in sorrow, not in malice, and
■sincerely hope I may be mistaken.
Mr. Speaker, paradoxical as it may appear,
there are persons in this country, nurtured in
our midst, basking beneath the protectingsegis
of our flag, mimical to our free institutions,
hostile to our form of government, ready to
overturn it whenever a favorable opportunity
is presented ; nor, sir, are they confined to the
south side of Mason and Dixon's line. The
••hammering'' has been going on at both ends;
at the South it has now ceased. If like obstruc-
tions impede our progress at the other end of
the line, they must get out of the way, or a like
remedy must be applied. The great mass of
our people are devotedly attached to our insti-
tutions and form of government, and will not
tolerate treason or disunion in any section.
History is replete with instances in which
friendship and devotion have been assumed for
the purpose of stealthily disarming appre-
hended danger and destroying the victim. We
may find, when too late, that we have nurtured
in our bosoms venomous reptiles ready to strike
with poisoned fangs at the heart _of the cher-
ished and revered institutions of our fathers,
Forewarned we are forearmed, while those who
betray with a kiss are most to be dreaded and
shunned.
Sir, why are the threescore and ten consti-
tutional amendments thrust upon the consid-
eration of the present Congress ? More in
number than in all previous Congresses com-
bined. It is a circumstance pregnant with
meaning, ominous of the deep-seated hatred
and utter contempt with which that instrument
is regarded by a majority of the members of
this Congress. Indeed, it is thought unfash-
ionable and in bad taste to speak a word in
praise of the old Constitution. If all these
amendments were adopted there would scarcely
be anything left of it. To us, truly, has igno-
ranfce been bliss ; for over three fourths of a
century we have been plodding along with
our old Constitution. Washington, Madison,
Franklin. Hamilton, and their compeers, made
it. The benighted and sluggish intellects of
such men as Jackson, Clay, Webster, and
Benton, were impervious to this latter day
light, and died in blissful ignorance that a
Constitution they had lived under and cher-
ished was so radically defective in protecting
the rights and liberties of the people. How
weak and frail is human judgment! How
strange and iuscrutable are the ways of Prov-
idence, that the nation should have been suf-
fered to grope its way in darkness so long!
But now, suddenly and miraculously as the
conversion of the Apostle of the Gentiles, pre-
tended statesmen in the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress rise up, men assuming to have more
purity than Washington, more intellect than
Madison and Jefferson, and discover that our
form of government is a failure; that our admi-
rable Constitution, with all its symmetrical
checks and balances, is an abhorrent thing,
to be detested and spurned, and wholly unfit
for this moral and enlightened age !
Mr. Speaker, I am sometimes oppressed
with serious misgivings, whether gentlemen
who find so many radical defects in our Con-
stitution are really in favor of the form of gov-
ernment under which we live. I prefer to let
well enough alone, to—
" Bear those ills we have.
Than fly to others that wo know not of."
And I trust it will not be esteemed discourte-
ous to the House when I announce that I have
as much confidence in the capacity and integ-
rity of the men who made our Constitution as
I have in the l:central directory,'' which, if
not checked in their revolutionary schemes,
will destroy it. I concur in and commend to
the House the views of the President so feli-
citously expressed in relation to amending the
Constitution.
Now. I submit. Mr. Speaker, for the can-
did and dispassionate consideration of the
House, whether the paramount interest of the
country does not demand at our hands that we
should stop this tinkering with the Constitu-
tion and apply ourselves to the necessary and
legitimate business before us. The people ex-
pect and will demand this at our hands. They
are grievously oppressed wish onerous taxes :
let us try and ameliorate their condition and
lighten those heavy burdens. Retrenchment
of expenses should commence at once in every
branch and department of the public service.
The tariff should be repealed or reduced to a
revenue standard ; the lords of the loom are
amassing princely fortunes at the expense of
the consumer. 'The Army and Navy should
be at once reduced to a peace establishment.
The internal.revenue is oppressive and bears
very unequally, especially on mechanics and
artisans; the S<>00 exemption .should be in-
creased to tr 1 .f)0(>, and large incomes ofS2(),000
and upward should pay a higher tsx. say
twenty to tweniy-tive per cent. The laws in
relation to fishing bounties is cli-s leu'.-latiou
for the l.eneiir of the few at the expense vf the
consumer, and should be repeah d. IT - na
tion's gia'itude. as wcil as the claim- of j
tice to our country's brave defenders, demand
the passage of a law for the eqsaiu ttion ef
bounties. These important meat- .•;* aiv
