1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3657
son for retaining a duty on tea. We do not
and cannot manufacture tea. I understand
there are no tea manufacturers in this country.
I believe there have been one or two attempts
to grow tea in this country, but I understand
they have not been very successful. So that
it is a mere question of revenue, and the ques-
tion is whether we shall derive our revenue
from articles of necessity, such as tea, or from
articles of luxury, and from the wealth of the
country. It does seem to me very proper, at
the earliest possible moment, to relieve the
masses of the country from taxation. And it
is in pursuance of that idea that the gentleman
from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] has taken this op-
portune moment, when our receipts from reve-
nue are very largely in excess of our expend-
itures, to remove or to decrease the duty on
this favorite beverage. And I hope that, pur-
suant to the same line of policy, my motion will
prevail to put upon tea the merely nominal
duty of five cents per pound.
Mr. SPALDING. I rise to oppose the
amendment. As I understand these proposi-
tions to cut down the duty on coffee and tea,
the one from five cents per pound, the other
from twenty-five cents per pound, they are
merely attempts to' render this bill so obnox-
ious that it will be defeated. The objeet is to
obstruct the ordinary channels for obtaining
our revenue, and to throw the whole burden
upon particular quarters where it is known it
will be obnoxious. The design, it seems to
me, is to vote down this tariff in toto. If that
be the object intended, let us meet, the question
at once and save the time of the House. If we
are to have a tariff bill, I prefer that we should
retain the duties upon the articles of coffeeand
tea, for I believe that the duty on these is paid
as easily as any duty levied in our country. I
know that the poor as well as the rich partake
of tea and coffee ; but they do not consider this
tax onerous. The high prices of coffee and tea
do not arise from the duty assessed by our Gov-
ernment; they result from the premium on
gold. So long as gold ranges at 150 and up-
ward coffee and tea will be high in our market.
The duty, whether five cents or two and a half
cents, makes very little difference in the price
of these articles to the consumer.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. Pike's amendment to the amendment
was not agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment
of Mr. Wilson, of Iowa.
Mr. ALLISON. For the purpose of saying
a word or two on this subject, I move to amend
the amendment by making the duty ten cents
per pound. Sir, I believe that our Govern-
ment can afford to reduce the duty upon these
articles of necessity imported into this coun-
try. The total revenue derived from tea dur-
ing the last fiscal year was only about nine
million dollars. The proposition of my col-
league will reduce this amount one half. Now,
if the effect of this bill will be to increase the
revenue derived from imports, then we can
well afford to reduce the duty upon these ar-
ticles of necessity which enter so largely into
the consumption of the poorer classes. I trust,
therefore, that the amendment of my colleague
will be adopted.
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment to the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I be-
lieve that two years henee this country will be
in a very different condition from what is now
anticipated by many gentlemen who look at
things as they are now and have been for the
last year. My opinion is that two years hence
the internal taxation, instead of amounting
annually to three or four hundred million dol-
lars, will not exceed $200,000,000and our
reveuue from foreign importations, instead of
being $100,000,000 per annum, will not exceed
$80,000,000. Ibelieve that the whole business
of this country, now inflated in every sense of
the word, must come into a narrower compass,
and must necessarily pay largely less upon all
the articles of taxation.
While I believe that Our revenue from inter-
nal taxation and from duties on imports will
be reduced at least one third, I do not perceive
—I wish I could—-that we have reached the
maximum of our debt. I believe that nearly
a billion dollars is yet to be brought into the
account which this Government will be obliged
to settle. I have no doubt that by the time
five years shall have rolled around this Gov-
ernment will be paying an interest upon
§4,0005000,000. Yet this must be done with
a diminished revenue. Now, how is that to
be done? We all know the claims that are
coming up to Congress—honest claims, too;
claims which this Government must finally
meet, as the consequence of the great war
which was forced upon us; claims of loyal
men from all sections of the country. Those
who have looked into this question cannot fail
to see that the justice of the country must
finally allow many of these claims. Hence
they are to be taken into consideration in esti-
mating the obligations which the Government
will hereafter be called upon to meet. Gen-
tlemen do not regard this question with alarm.
They say this country is able to pay all its ob-
ligations. But how will you pay them when
you reduce the sources of revenue? How will
you be able to pay the public debt if you cut
down the very articles on which the money is
raised to pay it?
My friend thinks a reduction of four or five
millions on a single item is hardly of any ac-
count. You have cut down the revenue five
millions on coffee, and it is now proposed to
cut it down five millions on tea, making ten
millions in all. I am told it is a reduction of
something like ten or twelve millions on both
articles. Now, where will you go to make up
this deficit? What item will bear it in addition
to the tax already imposed? Besides, sir, I
think the great advantage derived from the
operation of this tariff is to preclude excessive
importation now ruining this country. These
importations have inflated the price of every-
thing in the country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ALLISON. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. PRICE. I renew it; and.I do it for
the purpose of correcting a vital error made by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
veks] who has just taken his seat. I say a
vital error because it goes to the country with
the indorsement of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, and thus having a weight and influ-
ence attached to it which but very few declara-
tions made on this floor can have. Hence the
necessity of correcting it, and having the sub-
ject presented in proper shape to the country.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania tells the
country, for when he says it upon this floor he
tells it to the country, that we will be unable
at a not distant year in the future to pay the
expenses of the Government.
Mr. STEVENS. I have not said any such
thing. I said I felt no difficulty about paying
our public debt in doing as we do now; but I
did seriously object to the reduction of these
duties as leading to future embarrassment and
difficulty.
Mr. PRICE. If the gentleman will not in-
terrupt me I will quote him correctly. He said
we must expect a reduction of the internal rev-
enue, and if the receipts of the Government
from this source were reduced to two hundred
millions per annum and to one hundred millions
on imports, thus making three hundred mil-
lions of revenue, we would be unable to meet
our expenses, or words to that effect. In this
calculation the gentleman does not allow any-
thing for increase in the wealth and popula-
tion of the country. If I had time I would
like to show that the ratio of increase of wealth
and population in the United States far ex-
ceeds that of any other country on the face of
the earth. But I have not time and therefore
cannot do that now. But, sir, taking the gen-
tleman's own figures for the standard^ and it
will be seen that we have revenue sufficient to
meet all the expenses of the Government and
to provide a sinking fund of $50,000,000 every
year. Any good financier who has the interest
of the country at heart will tell you that a sink-
ing fund of fifty millions a year, which we can
have with a reduction of taxation, is a very
healthy state of affairs, and by no means a
discouraging view of our public debt.
Mr. STEVENS. Let me interrupt the gen-
tleman.
Mr. PRICE. I would with pleasure if I
had the time, but the gentleman very well
knows that I have only five minutes under the
rules, and that is not long enough for me fully
to state my own position. This is a matter
which ought to be understood by the country.
The gentleman has stated our indebtedness at
four billions, or more properly speaking, four
thousand millions. I will say, as I had occa-
sion to say more than a year since on this
floor, that it was never that amount. It was
never four thousand millions since the war
commenced, as can be proven by a reference
to the books of the Treasury of the United
States. It is less to-day than it was three
months ago—the statement of the Secretary
of the Treasury establishes that fact beyond
successful contradiction—and much less than
it was six months ago. The power and ability
of the nation to discharge its indebtedness
have been increasing every day, to the sur-
prise as well as satisfaction of the people.
With these facts, then, existing, I do not want
the statement of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania to go out to the country uncontradicted.
The truth is that we are paying our indebted-
ness to-day more rapidly than any one cal-
culated we would be able to do ; and in place,
then, of holding up a dark picture for the peo-
ple to gaze at, and be thereby discouraged, it
is a duty incumbent upon us to make the view
as bright and cheering as the facts will justify.
The conclusion is irresistible that we can re-
duce the burden of taxation to some extent
and at the same time reduce the national debt
in a safe and healthy manner. It is a fact
beyond controversy, and one of which every
true-hearted American is justly proud, that
the sun sets every night upon a smaller amount
of national indebtedness than it arose upon
the morning before.
[Here the hammer fell. ]
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Chairman, I desire
to call the attention of the committee to two
or three points which have a bearing on this
subject, and to give the reason why I hope we
will not reduce the duty either on tea or coffee.
In the first place, it is the genius of our whole
revenue system, and the experience of the Gov-
ernmenthas approved it, that the best mode of
raising revenue is to impose duty upon the few-
est possible articles. Twenty-five years ago
in England there wore more than twelve hun-
dred different articles on which duty was im-
posed, and now they have been so reduced that
upon five articles more than one half the rev-
enues of that country are collected. In Eng-
land, in 1865, $354,000,000 of revenue were
raised, and of that sum §189,000,000 were
derived from five articles, namely, fermented
malt and spirituous liquors, tea, coffee, and
tobacco and sugar in their various fomis.
I say that those five articles afforded the
Government of Great Britain $180,000,000 of
its revenue, the total of which was $354,000,000.
Thus almost two thirds of the revenue were
raised on five articles and two of the five were
coffee and tea. Twenty-two million five hun-
dred thousand dollars were raised in Great
Britain in the year 18G5 on tea alone, and the
consumption of that article is steadily increas-
ing in that country. It is now two and_seven
tenths pounds per capita of the population of
Great Britain, whereas in this country the con-
sumption, though increasing, has reached only
one pound per capita. I say, then, that we
have 110 article which the experience of all
financial nations shows can better bear the duty
without reducing the consumption than tea.
Furthermore, this is one of the few articles on
which we can levy a duty without duplication
of taxation and without directly involving other
interests. It is a simple and plain question of
revenue. There is no other article into which
it enters as an element, I shall be sorry if we
