1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL OLOBE.
39tii Cong, ... 1st Suss.
Reconstruction Amendment, dc.—Mr. Baker.
Ho. op Reps.
Small room for comment here. It would be
unfit, unjust, and indecent in the last degree,
to allow these classes of ringleaders in treason
to exercise any official control over the coun-
try. Members of Congress, graduates of West
Point, gratuitously educated and nurtured by
the nation, officers of the United States gener-
ally, Governors, State judges, and State legis-
lators, who having sworn to support the Con-
stitution, did then break their plighted faith and
urge on the recent infernal rebellion against the
life of the Republic, are excluded from office,
unless Congress shall by a vote of two thirds
of each House remove the disability. Here is
mild rigor and humane leniency; rigor enough
to malie treason odious—that once favorite idea
of the President; rigorcnougli to teach the value
of an oath, and the necessity of official patri-
otism in all our borders ; leniency enough to
relax the rule, if by future repentance and
good conduct, particular persons or classes
may appear to merit such indulgence. The
moral sense of the country surely demands that
some punishment should be visited upon so
great a public crime as the late rebellion ; the
safety of the country surely demands that
its offices should not be filled by the prime
movers of the rebellion ; and thus public jus-
tice and public safety lend their united sanction
to the measure under review.
I proceed to the fourth section of the amend-
ment:
"Sr.c. 4. The validity of the public debt of theUnited
States, authorized by law, including debts incurred
for payment: pf pensions and bounties for services in
suppressing insurrection or rebellion, shall not be
questioned. But neither the United States nor any
State shall assume or pay any debt or obligation
incurred inlaid of insurrection or rebellion against
the United States, or any claim for the loss or eman-
cipation of any sla.ve; but all such debts, obligations.
Mid claims shall be licld illegal and void."
Beyond all question this is a vitally neces-
sary measure; the happiness and safety of the
people demand that the great material inter-
ests it provides for should be made perfectly
secure. That these interests are perfectly se-
cure without it, it is idle to pretend. That with-
out such a check, many if not all the late rebel
States will fasten their respective rebel debts
on theirpeople, is morally certain ; thatthe pol-
icy of these same States will be to obtain some
compensation for slaves manumitted by force
and against their will, is equally certain; that
another part of their policy will be to deny the
justice of being taxed to pay the war debt of
the nation and the pensions of Union soldiers,
while their own war debt is repudiated and their
own soldiers pensionless, is likewise certain;
that, failing to get recognition of their own debt
and pensions for their own soldiers, and pay for
their manumitted slaves, they will do all they
can to unsettle the national debt, and to rob
the Union soldier of his pension, is none the
less certain. The nature of man and the in-
terests and passions by which he is actuated
make these conclusions exceedingly probable.
When we add to this the powerful alliance the
late rebel States will have in the North, and
think of the corrupting power of an enormous
monetary interest struggling for recognition,
these considerations, when summed up and
taken as a whole, make it perfectly apparent
that the safety and well-being of the country
loudly demand the adoption of this security.
The following is the fifth and last clause of
the amendment:
"Sec. 5. The Congress shall have power to enforce,
by appropriate legislation, the provisions of this
article."
This section was of course necessary in order
to carry the proposed article into practical
effect.
Now, when we look at this amendment in
the aggregate, and reflect how just and reason-
able are its several provisions ; when we con-
sider the great liberties which are better se-
cured by the first section—liberties to which
the honor of the nation is pledged, and which
no rational man can gainsay; when we con-
39tii Cong. 1st Sess.—No, 17,
sider the plain, undeniable political justice of
that more equal basis of representation which
is provided for in the second section; when
we look at the third section, by which, in
conformity to national justice and national
safety, the forsworn ringleaders of the late re-
bellion are most righteously excluded from the
honors of official station in a country which
they have striven through havoc and blood
to destroy; when we examine the fourth sec-
tiou, and see what an ample shield of protec-
tion it throws over the otherwise imperiled
material interests of the country; when we
consider how humane and moderate is the
whole arrangement—punishing lightly the
prime actors in the rebellion, and punishing
not at all the misled rebel masses; and finally,
when we reflect how fatally necessary are the
great features of the plan to the safety and
well-being of the nation, I feel the utmost
assurance that it will be triumphantly ratified
by the voice of the people. So strong is it, so
just is it, so necessary is it, that whoever
stands before it and tries to defeat its adop-
tion will be swept like a dry leaf before a west-
ern hurricane! After all that has happened
by this iniquitous rebellion—after the tears
and the blood that have flowed, the wreck of
property and the grinding debt piled high on
the shoulders of the nation—under God I de-
clare it does not now rest with traitors, apos-
tates, demagogues, and trimmers, to so shape
affairs at this critical juncture, thatthe Republic
shall be left insecure, and the people be robbed
at last of the price of their blood! The amend-
ment will and must be carried through. Lib-
erty, patriotism, public safety, justice to the
martyred dead and justice to the whole coun-
try, demand its adoption in a voice of thunder!
When ratified and conformed to in good faith
by the revolted States respectively, they will
be in a condition to resume their cast-off gov-
erning power in the Union, on terms at once
safe to the country and humane and just
to themselves. That the loyal nation, after
crushing a rebellion which shook the Republic
to its center, has now a constitutional right
to require of its late eaemies such conditions-
precedcnt, as a basis for its own future quiet
and security, is a proposition too utterly plain
to admit of serious argument. The power to
put down the rebellion carried with it as a
necessary sequence the power to prescribe a
safe order for the future. After all this terri-
ble hubbnb of war, after marshaling two mil-
lions of men to the field, and fighting hundreds
of bloody battles, to be told that we have now
no constitutional right to insist upon proper
conditions of safety for the future, before ad-
mitting the defeated rebellion to power again,
is an assumption so basely absurd, and so
absurdly base, that I fling it from me with the
contempt it merits. Most true, representa-
tion is a sacred right in a free Government.
But, when States combine together in a Gov-
ernment like this, and drench the land with
blood in their mad effort to overthrow the
Republic, it is not true, that the very moment
their flag of treason goes down in the field,
they have a right to march their representa-
tive men into the councils of the nation! Some
little breathing time, some decent interval for
looking over the field and arranging the terms
of a safe future, is certainly the most natural
and the most reasonable thing in the world
under the extraordinary circumstances of the
ease. That such temporary delay, for such
just and necessary purposes, is an infringe-
ment of the real right of representation, can
be seen only by the most inveterate of dema-
gogues.
The difference between the plan of Congress,
as presented in this Reconstruction Amend-
ment, and the plan of the President, as present-
ed in whatis termed his "policy," maybestated
in one brief sentence: all that is contained in the
first is missing in the second. That great se-
curity for civil liberty provided for in the first
section of the amendment, to which the honor
of the nation is committed, and which has been
so richly earned by the suffering and the blood
of its poor people, finds no place in the. Presi-
dent's plan. That plainly just and democratic
basis of representation, provided for in the sec-
ond section, by which the late southern traitor
will not be allowed in future to wield nearly
twice the political power of the northern loyal-
ist, finds no place in the Presidents plan.
That most just provision of the third section,
by which the perjured leaders of the rebellion
will be effectually debarred from holding office
and making Taws for the loyal people of the
country, finds no place in the President's plan.
That wise and necessary provision of the fourth
section, making inviolable the national debt,
and securely protecting the people from rebel
debts and immense impending claims for man-
umitted slaves, finds no place in the Presi-
dent's plan. All these great matters are fully
provided for and permanently adjusted in the
scheme of Congress—none of them in that of
the President. Surely here is a difference,
wide enough to arrest the attention of the way-
faring man, though a fool and funning as he
reads. All is made secure on the one hand,
all is left insecure on the other.
Here, sir, I might rest; but I am loath to
close without adverting, though in the briefest
possible manner, to the great ideas and princi-
ples which should enter into the public life, and
mold the future Civil Policy of our country.
1. The first grand political idea is, that the
Republic should be contemplated as an indis-
soluble whole ; all its powers should be cheer-
fully respected and obeyed; and the citizen of
every State should feel a yet larger distinction
in being a citizen of the United States.
2. The States ought to be regarded as inde-
structible members of the Republic, and all
their rights should be sacredly respected.
These two ideas, taken in just combination,
will guard against undue States rights on the
one hand, and undue centralization on the
other. Nature supplies us with a sublime and
beautiful analogy to our political system. As
the sun presides over the great movements
of the solar field, holding each planet in its
proper orbit, so each planet in turn presides
over the things which belong peculiarly to
itself. The destruction of the sun would send
the planets madly from their spheres. The
destruction of the planets would rifle the sys-
tem of all its beauty and variety. We should
adhere with equal tenacity to the indissolu-
bility of the Republic and the indestructibility
of the States; and all the rights and powers
appropriate to each, should be regarded as
indispensable to the health and well-being of
the entire system.
3. The Administration of the Government of
the Republic should be lifted high above all sec-
tional or local partiality; and the official men
who administer it, though elected or appointed
from local districts, should stand for the equal
rights and well-being of the whole country.
4. The people of every part should cultivate
kind and respectful feelings toward the peo-
ple of every other part of the Republic ; and
their representative men should ensourage the
growth of these sentiments.
5. The true Democratic Idea should be so
cultivated, that all the liberties and humanities
of our institutions and laws should find a vital
expression in the sphere of our social life. _
True democracy, liketruereligion, recognizes
the inherent and immeasurable value of man,
and of all men. I fear that this great^ senti-
ment finds, as yet, a better expression in our
declarations, bills of rights, and brave public
utterances, than in the core and habit ot our
private, practical life. We still look rather at the
accidents of the man—his wealth, his station,
his factitious advantage—than at the man him-
self. The divine genius of democracy will grad-
ually remedy this, and bring our social life more
completely under the influence of that broad
