674
THE CONGRESSION AL GLOBE.
February 6,
will drive his coach and six through your amend-
ment staffed with all his representatives. Should ;
he cheat you in this matter, it will only be a j
proper return for the endeavor on your part ,
to circumvent him at the expense of fellow-
citizens to whom* yon are bound by every
obligation of public faith.
f know not if others will see this uncertainty
a". I seclt; but there are two practical conse-
quences having a direct influence on the times,
which all must see as following at once from
the adoption of the so-called amendment. In
the first place, it will be a present renunciation
of all power under the Constitution to apply the
remedy for a grievous wrong, when the remedy,
even according to your own recent example, is
actually in your hands. You have already in
this Chamber, only last Friday, decreed civil
rights without distinction of color. Who can
doubt, that by the same title you may decree
political rights also, without distinction ofcolor?
But, having the power, it is your duty to exer-
cise it. You cannot evade this duty without
becoming partakers in the wrong. And this
brings me to the second practical consequence
which must ensue from the adoption of this
proposition. You will hand over wards and
allies, through whom the Itepublic has been
saved, and therefore our saviors, to the control
of vindictive enemies, to be taxed and governed
without their consent; and this you will do for
a consideration 11 nominated in the bond," by
virtue of which men may do a great wrong,
provided tliev will submit as a quid pro quo to
a proportionate abridgment of political power.
"Who does not admire the English patriot who
once said that he would give Ins lif1 to serve
his country, but he would not do a mean thing
to sore it. I hope we may act in this spirit.
Above all do not cony the example of Pontius
Pilau*, who surrendered the Saviour of the
World, in whom he found no fault, at all. to be
scourged and crucified, while he set at large
Barabbas, of whom the go.spel says in simple
wor'.K, ';Now Barabbas was a robber.''
1 speak with a sincere deference for those val-
ued friends from whom I differ ; but 1 submit
that the time has come at last when we should
deal directly and not indirectly with the great
question before u^, and when all compromise
of fFuman Ui.u'its should ecase, and especially
there should be no thought of a three-headed
compromise, which, after degrading the Con-
stitution, renounces a beneficent power essen-
tial to the safety of the Republic, and. lastly,
borrowing an example from Pontius Pilate,
turns over a whole race to sacrifice. These
objections I now present briefly on the thresh-
old, without, argument, and I advance to the
main question which must dominate this whole
debate. By way of introduction i send to the
Chair a counter-proposition, which I desire to
have read.
The Secretary read the following joint reso-
lution :
A joint j evolution eairvins: nut the guarantee of a.
l epiiblicaii loi ill of jcovernment in UieC'onstitution
of ill'.1 Unit-'d States, and enforem;? tho constitu-
tional amendment for the prohibition of slavery.
Whereas it is provided in the Constitution that tho
United St.ues shall guaranty to every State in the
I'nion a rei hi hi lean form of ?nvonimont; and whei eas
J y reason of ilie lailure of certain States to maintain
governments whieh Congress ms^ht recognize, it has
become t 1m duty of the I'nited States, standing in the
place of fruarnntor, where tho piineipal has made a
lapse, to serine tosueiiStatesaccordingto the require-
ment ot the guarantee, governments republiean 111
iorul; and wheieas further, it K provided in a reeent
eoiisiiteaional amendment that Congress may "en-
loiee" t!ie prohibition of slavery bv " appropriate
le^idation," and it is important to this end, that all
l-ehc-, oi sfiyoiv -houM be removed, includin^all dis-
tinction of lights on aceount of color: Xmv, t iicref ire,
toearryout tile iruarantee of a republican lorm of
government ami ro enforce the prohibition of > la very,
/'' : 1; ' hli the flii'l /I"UV>:nJ
flfl r/s hj lb,- ( ,\V'<>>■(A in ( 'npinjis '(.1-
svmhj'.d, f fatthei eshall be no Oligarchy, Ari^-toeraoy,
Caste, or Mo mooly invented with peculiar privileges
and powers, and there shall he no denial of ri'-'hts,
eiyu m poiitic.n, on account ot color or taee any-
y. tie; o wit.an ; to; !\tei: - of the United States or the
jtm-Jidiou thcuot; bujill persons therein shall be
toual beiM'e £>io law. ivhcfbes in the court-room or
at too Ami this sc'aiutv, i^-ade in pui-
suance of the Constitution, shall be the sum etn e law
of the land, anything in iU? Constitution or law; :.:l
any State to the eeutrary - "
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, in opening
this groat question, I begin by expressing a
heart-felt aspiration that the day may soon
come, when the Stales lately in rebellion may
be received again into the copartnership of
political power and the fall fellowship of the
Union. But I see too well that.it is vain to
expect this day. which is so much longed for,
until wc have obtained that security* for the
future, which is found only in tho Equal Rights
of AH, whether in the court-room or at tho
ballot-box. This is tho Great Guarantee, with-
out which all other guarantees will fail. This
is the sole solution of our present troubles and
anxieties. This is the only sufficient assurance
of peace and reconciliation. To the establish-
ment of this Great Guarantee, as a measure of
safety and of justice, I now ask your best at-
tention.
The powers of Congress over this subject are
as ample as they are beneficent. From four
,specific fountains they flow—each one sufficient
for the purpose—all four swelling into an irre-
sistible current, and tending to one conclusion :
first, the nn-essifi/ of the case, by whieh, accord-
ing totlie analogies of the "Territories," disloyal
States, having no local government, lapse under
the authority of Congress; secondly, the Eights
of War, which do not expire or lose their grasp,
except with the establishment of all needful
guarantees; thirdly, the constitutional injunc-
tion to guaranty a Republican Form of Govern-
ment; and, fourthly, the constitutional amend-
ment by which Congress, in words of peculiar
enemy. is empowered 1-to enforce"' the aboli-
lion of slavery ' be appropriate legislation."
According to the proverb of Catholic Europe,
all roads lead to Home, and so tlo all these powers
lead to the .jurisdiction of Congress over this
whole subject. No matter which road you take,
you arrive at the same point. Two of these
powers have already been discussed exhaust-
ively. The hitter have been less considered,
and it is on these that 1 shall speak especially
to-day. 1 propose, willi the permission of the
Senate, to show the necessity and duty of ex-
ercising the jurisdiction of Congress so as to
secure that essential condition of a Republican
Government, the Equal Rights of All. And I
put aside, at the outset, the metaphysical ques-
tion, worthy of the schoolmen in the dark ages,
whether certain States are in the Union or out
of the Union. This is a question of form and
not of substance, of words only and not of facts ;
fir the substance is clear and the facts are un-
answerable. All arc agreed, according to the
authority of President Lincoln, in his latest
utterance before his lamented death, thatthese
States have ceased to be " in practical relations
with the Union;'' and this is enough to sustain
the jurisdiction of Congress, even without the
plain words of the Constitution in two separate
texts.
Necessity and duty commingle. Tf what is
necessary it, not always according to duty, surely
duty is always a necessity. On the present
occasion they unite in one voice for the Great
Guarantee, it is at once a necessity and aduty.
Glancing at the promises of the fathers, X shall
exhibit: first, the overruling necessity of the
times; and secondly, the positive mandate of
the Constitution, compelling us to guaranty
"'a republican form of government,'' and thus
to determine what is meant b}' this require-
ment ; all of' whieh has been fortified by the
constitutional amendment authorizing Congress
to enforce the abolition of shivery.
PROMISES OF THE FATHERS.
In the life of a nation, as in that of an indi-
vidual. there are special moments when out-
standing promises must be performed under
peril of ruin and dishonor. Such is the present
moment m the life of our Republic. There are
sacred promises beginning with our history yet
unperformed, and now the hour has sounded
when continued failure on our part will open
the door to a long train of woes. And there
are yet other promises recently made for the
national defense against a wicked rebellion,
wliicli, like thus* of au earlier dale, are unper-
formed also. But the latter are allincludcd in
the former, so that our whole duty now centers
in the performance^ of those sacred promises
which are coeval with the national life.
Our fathers solemnly announced the Equal
Rights of all men, and that Government had no
just foundation except in the consent of the
governed ; and to the support of the Declara-
tion, heralding these self-evident truths, they
pledged their lives, their fortunes, and their
sacred honor. Looking at this Declaration now,
it is chiefly memorable for the promises'it then
made. Mighty words ! Fit utterance for the
giant infant then born. Fit device for the great
Republic taking its place in the family of kings.
Fit lesson for mankind. And now the moment
has come w'.ien these vows must be fulfilled to
the letter. In securingthe Equal Rights of the
freedman, and his participation in the Govern-
ment, which he is taxed to support, we shall
perform those caJv promises of the Fathers, and
at the same time the supplementary promises
only recently made tc. the freedman as the con-
dition of alliance and aid against the Rebellion.
A failure to perform thivae promises is moral
and political bankruptcy. It is repudiation of
moral and political duties, eiding in the repu-
diation of the financial obligations of the coun-
try. So are your duties to thr national freed-
man linked with your obligations to the national
creditor, that you cannot repudia+e the former
without impairing the value of the latter. Who-
ever disowns any of the promises of *he Repub-
lic leads the way in repudiation.
| But you cannot be thus guilty. ^?ven, if
indifferent to the vows of the Fathers neces-
sity, in harmony with the plain injunction of
the Constitution, will constrain you. On this
there can he no doubt. You must perfonr-
; these promises, and this brings me to the over-
ruling necessity of the times.
OVEMttn.IXG XECESSITY OF THE TIMES.
I. Necessity is a peremptory instructor. It
gives the law whieh no mail can disregard. It
will not hearken to apology or postponement.
With a voice of command it insists that its be-
hests shall be obeyed. And now this very
necessity speaks to us with familiar tones.
Twice already, since rebel Slavery rose against
the Republic, it has spoken to us, insisting;
first, that the slaves should be declared free;
and secondly, that muskets should be put into
their hands for the common defense. Yield-
ing to necessity, these two things were done.
Reason, humanity, justice were powerless in
this behalf; but necessity was irresistible. And
the result testifies how wisely the Republic
aetcd. Without emancipation, followed by the
arming of the slaves, rebel Slavery would not
have been overcome. With these the victory
was easy.
At lasl the same necessity, which insisted first
upon emancipation and then upon the arming
of the slav es, insists with the same tiuanswer-
j able force upon the admission of the fieedman
to complete Equality before the law. so that
there shall be no ban of color in court-room,
or at the ballot-box, and government shall bo
fixed on its only rightful foundation—the con-
sent of the governed. Reason, humanity, and
justice, all of which are clear for this admission
of the freedman, may fail to move you ; but you
must yield to necessity, which now requires
that those promises shall be performed.
'fhe demand which I now make stands on
necessity. Y'ou must grant it. or you will peril
the peace of this Republic, and postpone indef-
initely the great day of security and reconcilia-
tion. Therefore, in the name of that national
safety, which is the supreme law, I begin my
appeal. Whatever is required for the national
safety is constitutional. Not only it mat/ he
done, but it must be done. Not to do it is to
fail in duty. This Republic must be saved.
When I speak of necessity, I mean that over-
ruling compulsion which cannot be disobeyed.
In the present case it is compounded of moral
duty and the instinct of self-preservation. '1 he
moral duty to perform these promises is as plain
as the decalogue. The instinct of self-preser-
