2698
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
back and neglected in the prevailing mania of
this Congress to get rid of the old Constitution.
If we will take up the necessary business,
sink the partisan in the patriot, and leave Presi-
dent making to the people, to whom it prop-
erly belongs, we still have time and opportunity
to render invaluable services to the country.
I am not unmindful that you have sacrifices to
make and prejudices to overcome in rising
above party to the higher plans of statesman-
ship. I will not claim exemption from its
influence; perhaps we have all been more or
less subject to its bonds. From boyhood I have
been identified with the Democratic party ; it
may have committed some errors—no finite
organization is perfect—still I have an abiding
faith in the correctness of its principles'fcid
the purity of its motives, and would sooner
confide the safety and destiny of our country
to its keeping than any party that ever existed
in the tide of time; ana yet I have ever held
in contempt a mere partisan for the sake of
party. Our paramount, duties and obligations
to the country rise infinitely above all such
paltry ties and considerations.
Against the judgment and clear convictions
of those with whom it has been my pride to
act, the people by decisive majorities have sus-
tained the party in power; that expression of
opinion, though not according with our judg-
ment, is at least entitled to our respect; con-
sequently, upon entering upon the duties of
this Congress I accepted the situation, without
any disposition to interpose factious opposition
to such measures as the people had indorsed;
with an anxious desire to cooperate in the
adoption of such measures as would secure
enduring peace, prosperity, and unity to the
whole country. It, however, soon became
apparent that a breach between the President
and the radical portion of the party was inev-
itable, tha'j new political affiliations were form-
ing, old issues becoming obsolete, new ones
coming up, and in these mutations strange
bed-fellows and old antagonism thrown to-
gether.
Viewing the situation merely from a party
stand point, the Opposition would have affili-
ated with the disaffected faction and opposed
the Administration. Such was not our course.
Being in favor of the Union and a restora-
tion of fraternal relations between the different
States, we gave these measures our support,
although inaugurated by an Administration
which we had opposed. I am neither an op-
poser or follower of President Johnson, but
will sustain him when right and oppose him
when wrong. He has said and done many
things, and probably will again, in which I
cannot concur. _ Nevertheless, Mr. Speaker,
candor and justice require me to say I am
deeply impressed with the conviction that Pres-
ident Johnson, considering the new and embar-
rassing circumstances by which he is sur-
rounded, is doing the best he can for the
restoration of the Union and the interest of
the whole country, and thus believing, I would
be unworthy the high trust confided to me, and
of the constituency I have the honor to repre-
sent, if I failed to sustain him. I see no rea-
son to impugn his motives, doubt his honesty,
or question his capacity. He has served the
country long and faithfully in important official
positions. His early political training and
antecedents are such as to give hope to the
friends of the Union and constitutional liberty.
This is no time for captious or factious legis-
lation. The Union of the States and the lib-
erties of the people are imperiled; their true
friends must stand unitedly together battling
sisfainst secession and disunion wherever, North
or South, they may show their hydra head or
cloven foot. On these issues the President is
right, and we must sustain him and hold up
his hands. Now, I submit to all candid and
fair-minded men whether the ribaldry and
vituperation daily heaped upon the President
bv this radical faction is just and fair. Is he a
dog to bo muzzled, or a slave that dare not
speak? Is an American President to crouch
like a whipped spaniel at the feet of revolu-
tionary disunionists or treasonable malplot-
ters? When he communicates his views to
the Senate, founded upon information derived
from the Lieutenant General and others, in rela-
tion to the condition of affairs in the southern
States, as he was bound to do by his duty and
oath of office, he is charged by a leading radi-
cal Senator with making a " white-washing
report," intending to convey the impression
that he had perjured himself by furnishing a
false report. When he intimates to a Senator
his opinion in regard to amending the Consti-
tution, the chairman of the committee of fif-
teen [Mr. Stevens] tells the House that kings
have lost their heads for slighter offense, and
brands him as a "usurper."
These are grave charges to be made against
the President of their own choosing. Of what
heinous crime has Andrew Johnson been guilty,
that he should be thus abused by these Robe-
spierres and Dantons? Is it because he is the
friend of the people and the people's Govern-
ment, and opposed to traitors and treason North
and South? Has he not breasted the storm,
stood firm and unmoved as an admantine rock,
while the surging waves of disunion and trea-
son dashed wildly and madly around him ? Has
he not always been the fearless and incorrupti-
ble champion of the rights and liberties of the
people? Ah, there is the rub; they know he if
too firm to be forced and too pure to be bought,
Southern traitors unsuccessfully tried both.
He denounced and fought them until they ac-
knowledged themselves whipped, laid down
their arms, and sued for pardon. Then his gen-
erous nature revolted atthe meanness of wreak-
ing vengeance upon a subdued and fallen foe.
Criticisms have been indulged in, that in 1861
treason was not nipped in the bud, but then,
as now, he scented the danger in the tainted
air, and was among the first to raise his warn-
ing voice and denounce the treasonable con-
spiracies against the integrity of the Union.
If these maligners are for the Union, the
President is not in their way, but if against it,
they will find they have a hard road to travel;
but when they show penitence, and retract their
disunion sentiments, executive clemency will
wipe out all their guilty stains. He is generous
and humane, but when they attempt to diive
him they will find him firm and unmoved, ex-
cept by the right.
Mr. Speaker, the country has cause of grati-
tude that in this national crisis, in this day of
extreme peril, the right man is in the right
place. All is not lost that is in danger. The
President stands as a wall of fire between the
people and the' revolutionary disunionists who
would jindermine the foundations of the Gov-
ernmentthatthey might perpetuate their power,
revel in peculation and public plunder.
Southern treason is among the things of the
past. Northern disunionists must also be put
down. The friends of the Union must stand
firm and united, encouraging the heart and
strengthening the hands of their great cham-
pion. As Aaron and Hur stayed up the hands
of Moses that Israel might prevail against
Amalek, so may our Aarons and Hurs stay
up the hands of our Moses, that they may be
steady, and before the going down of the sun
on the November election our Joshuas will
discomfit and utterly overthrow and put out
of remembrance these disunion Amaleks. Mr.
Speaker, I have an abiding faith that an over-
ruling Providence shapes and directs the des-
tinies of men and nations ; that the same pro-
tecting hand that lead forth the children of
Israel and gave them victory over their ene-
mies ; that watched over our feeble colonies in
their infancy ; gave us Washington to organize
and lead our raw recruits and undisciplined
militia against the mercenary hirelings and
trained veterans of despotism ; that gave us
such men as Madison, Jefferson, Hamilton,
and their compeers to found and establish the
best Government the woild ever saw; that
gave us Jackson to nip treason in the bud, and
by the wise and fearless exercise of the veto
power throttled the United States Bank, has
I in these latter days vouchsafed to the nation
the incorruptible Johnson to protect atid de-
fend the Constitution and preserve and main-
tain the rights and liberties of the people.
His marked character renders him peculiarly
adapted to the present crisis.
Springing from the people in the humble
walks of life, his sympathies and associations
have been with the laboring masses. He refers
with pride and pleasure to the log cabin and
the reminiscences of western frontier life where
he spent his boyhood days. Starting out in
life in the humble avocation of a tailor, with-
out the advantages of an early education or
rich and influential friends, he has by strength
of intellect, application to business, untiring
energy, and laudable ambition made his mark
in the world, occupying alternately nearly
every honorable position from justice of the
peace to President. What a proud commen-
tary is here presented for the contemplation ol
the friends of our free institutions. It is quite
natural that Mr. Johnson should cherish a
warm attachment and profound reverence for
such a Government. He was devoted to and
confided in the people, and they never forsook
him. It is said he is a "usurper;" a grave
charge; but the public mind will feel at rest
when advised that it emanates from the commit-
tee of fifteen, which was organized to convict.
His "usurpation" consisted in the exercise of
a constitutional prerogative of expressing his
opinions on public affairs.
Again he is charged with being a " usurper"
for vetoing the Freedmen's Bureau. Sir, that
act is the crowning virtue in his life, and the
b'ightest chaplet in his crown. A "usurper"
would have accepted the proffered power and
patronage, greater and more unlimited than
was ever conferred on any President. If a
usurper or tyrant, why did he decline it ? Would
the "directory" have rejected such immense
patronage? Never. A measure which, if con-
trolled by a " usurper," would have converted
the Government into a military despotism. It
provides for dividing the country into districts,
with sub-districts of counties, parishes, &c.,
with hordes of officers, not elected by or amen-
able to the people on whom they are quartered,
with summary power to try, convict, and pun-
ish without judicial process, trial by jury, writ
of error, or appeal. These officers and agents
may be white or black, and a negro may be
sent from some other State to Illinois to sit in
judgment on our civil officers and others and
punish them "by fine not exceeding $1,000,
or imprisonment not exceeding one year, or
both," and they need notwaitthe slowprocess
of execution, but ample provision is made for
enforcing the judgment by the military, which
may also consist of negroes.
It further provides for furnishing at Go'v-
ernment expense, in each district, "the freed-
men, their wives, and children, with provis-
ions, clothing, fuel, and other supplies, med-
"ical stores, medical aid, transportation," &c.
Nor is this all. The freedmen were to be edu-
cated and have school houses erected at the
public expense. Why should this odious dis-
tinction be made in this law against the whites
on account of color? A person so fortunate as
to have a black skin (a circumstance not under
their control) can have "provisions," " cloth-
ing," "fuel," "and other supplies," "medi-
cal stores," "medical aid," "transportation"
with school-houses and education at the Gov-
ernment expense, while the proscribed whites
on account of prejudice against their color by
this Congress may be hungry and naked and
cold, without medical aid or medical supplies,
or school-houses, or education, or free passes,
and not a dollar can they get from the national
coffers. The widows and orphans of our brave
white soldiers,_ who gave their lives that the
Union might live, are deprived by reason of
their unfortunate color, though many of them
are quite needy, from participating in this gov-
ernmental charity bestowed upon colored per-
sons with such munificence by this Congiess.
A short time sincc a bill was forced through
this House_ by a party vote, and under the
pressure of the gag law, appropriating some
