25.8
APPENDIX TG THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 10,
Ho. of Reps.
The, Tariff—Mr, Delano.
39th Cong.. ..1st Sess.
humanity which we profess as a public theory.
The leper must be cleansed and healed and
made equal to a king in American society.
Lazarus, scorned by the passer-by, and licked
by the dogs, must be washed and renovated
and advanced to a full peership with the rich-
est denizen of Gotham. 0 Democracy! excel-
lent benefactor of mankind, this is thy work!
Though in thy name bad men and misled men
have done the work of devils, placing their feet
upon their brother's neck, laying the lash and
the gyve upon thy altar as the symbols of thy
genius, and striving might and main and through
seas of blood to rend in twain thy temple of
liberty, yet, blessed handmaiden of humanity,
art thou holy and from God! These false ones
have known thee no more than those knew
Christ who burned their brother man to ashes
with green wood for very love of the Lord!
6. Order combined with Progress is a polit-
ical formula which ought to be appropriated by
every American citizen; order for the perma-
nent preservation of all that is good ; progress
for the remedy of all that is evil or imperfect
in the Republic. Thus the stability of the sys-
tem will be assured on the one hand, and its
growth and perfection on the other.
7. As a people, we ought to cultivate just,
generous, and magnanimous feelings toward
all the other peoples of the earth; entering
into appreciative sympathy with their peculiar
genius; aiding them all we properly can in
their struggles for liberty; and recognizing at
its fullest value the contribution of each to the
common civilization of the race. By occupy-
ing this high moral position before the nations,
we shall draw to us the well-wishes and the
affection of mankind, and aid, in the highest
possible degree, the growth of that larger lib-
erty, and that cosmopolitan civilization which
are dawning upon the world.
8. As a means of counteracting the influence
of climate upon character, and preventing the
development of Provincial Centers in a coun-
try so great in area, a very important part of
policy is to encourage the most intimate and
the cheapest possible Intercom muni cation—ex-
tending in every direction, and from center to
circumference of the Republic. Not less than
throe such centers have manifested themselves
already, though in different degrees—in the
South, in New England, and in the West. These
results have been produced in part by causes in-
dependent of slavery, and having nothing to do
with Puritan and Cavalier. The assemblage
of physical causes in the South, on the Missis-
sippi plain, and in New England, have certainly
a tendency to produce modified types of char-
acter f and these in turn conduce to modified
social, and political opinions. The general dif-
fusion of right Ideas, combined with a system of
Intercommunication which shall multiply com-
mercial relations, and translate the people fre-
quently anil numerously from part to part of
the Republic, will hold these natural tenden-
cies within such limits, that they will contribute
to the richness and variety of the national
gen ius, without endangering the integrity of the
Union.
0. Finally, and most important of all, Edu-
cation should be made universal in the Repub-
lic; and in one important respect it should
correspond to our political system. As we have
a central Government for the whole Republic,
and State governments for the subordinate
parts, so the education of the national mind,
which supports this complex system, should be
unitary as to certain great general elements of
culture, and diverse as to the rest. The unity
of such a system of education would consti-
tute us one nation in thought, while its diver-
sity would break up our culture into as many
varieties as there are States. Thus the popu-
lar rnnsd of the whole country would become
harmoniously adapted to our institutions, State
and National, and stay them up with all the force
of early habit and instinctive affection. I am
persuaded tiiata profound improvement, in the
direction here indicated, is needed in our sys-
tem, or rather no system, of National Education.
Such are the cardinal elements of a perma-
nent future Civil Policy for the country. If but
tolerably observed, they will conduct our Re-
public to an inconceivable measure of greatness
and power; and, what is of infinitely more
worth, the}' will make it an unequaled bless-
ing to the countless millions who shall dwell
beneath its protecting wing, and to the more
numerous millions upon whom it shall shed
its ameliorating influence.
Sir, as there is a time for all things, so there
are things which are appropriate to each period
of time. Late the martial drum-beat was heard
through all our borders, and the deep-throated
cannon was dragged to fields of carnage and
death. War, furious, relentless, consuming
war, was then the duty of the hour—made its
duty in order that the Republic might not be
blotted from the map of nations. After the
most tremendous conflict of the age if not of
history, the flag of treason and slavery went
down before the banner of the Republic. The
smoke has cleared away from the battle-field;
the moldering dead, sown thick as the leaves
of the forest, sleep quietly in the long battle-
trenches where they fell; the green grass of
summer is made greener by the blood that
enriched the soil. O, God! how revolting is
the thought, that the coming harvest of such a
sowing should be prematurely blighted by the
same lnmd that cast the seed! that the people
which gave its children to the slaughter, and
made itself immortal by its heroic endurance
and its deeds of valor, should now prove itself
incompetent to make secure and fruitful the
pcace it has conquered at so great a cost! It
is impossible ! It is impossible ! There is too
much intelligence, and patriotism, and noble-
ness of mind and heart in this great people, to
allow such an ignoble and detestable fact to
have a place in their history! The imperative
public duty that now lies next our hand will
be performed! The amendment proposed by
this Congress as a basis of safe and permanent
pacification—so just to the Nation, so just to
the South, and so just in itself—will be sus-
tained and placed in the Constitution of the
Republic. Then—the country made secure
from the perils which still threaten it—every
star restored to more than its former luster in
the azure field of the national escutcheon—we
shall move upon the future with firm and as-
sured footstep, meeting, as I trust in God suc-
cessfully, the ever new and momentous duties
which that future shall bring.
The Tariff.
SPEECH OF HON. C. DELANO,
of ohio,
Is the House op Representatives,
My 10, 18C6.
The House having under consideration the bill to
provide increased revenue from imports, and for
other purposes—
Mr. DELANO said:
Mr. Speaker: I do not rise for the purpose
of discussing the details of the bill before the
House nor with a view of entering into a gen-
eral discussion of the questions of revenue and
finance that are connected with it. But, as I
desire the passage of this bill, whatever may
be its perfections or imperfections, ali'd as I
am of opinion that all those whose interests are
identified with interests like my own ought to
support this bill, I have felt at liberty to offer
to the House a few observations. I know, very
well, that I may say of this tariff bill, truthfully,
that it is not all it should be; that it is not all
that the committee who brought it forward desire
to have it; that it is not acceptable to every in-
terest which it affects. And 1 presume that this
much might be truthfully said of every revenue
bill of the same kind that has ever been intro-
duced or thatis ever likely to be introduced into
this or any other legislative body. And while I
say this, 1 must add that I have no doubt, with
all respect for the committee who have ma-
tured this bill and brought it forward, that it
might be materially improved. I have no doubt
the laborious, vigilant, and diligent committee
themselves entertain a similar opinion. I know
how difficult it is to enter upon the question of
taxation in any of the forms of legislation so
as to meet justly and equitably all the inter-
ests that are affected by the measure. One
of the most difficult subjects of legislation is
this question of taxation in all its forms.
While, therefore, I admit the imperfections
of this bill, while I feel that it is subject to
easy amendment and improvement, yet I feel
that with all these imperfections and with all
the opportunities for improvement, the bill,
as it comes before us, ought to pass rather
than be rejected.
I oughtto say here, formyself, upon this ques-
tion, at least that my constituents may know my
views, that I am not for a prohibitory tariff
nor for a tariff for protection merely and never
have been; neither do I favor a tariff simply for
revenue, and never have, although I have been
for protection by means of a tariff whenever our
finances have demanded revenue from import
duties ever since I have participated in public
affairs.- As I said a few days since, when the
question of imposing a duty on salt was under
consideration, the finances of our country de-
mand of us the collection of taxes by means of
import duties at the present time, and were I
called upon myself to prepare a revenue bill my
first effort would be to ascertain how much duty
ought to be collected; how much the finances
of the Government required us to collect by
means of imposts, and having settled that
question, I would look over the interests of
the country and see how this amount of rev-
enue could bo distributed with the nearest ap-
proach to justice, and with the greatest equal-
ity to all the great interests of the nation ; and
then, thirdly, I would inquire how this can be
done and afford the most judicious protection
to the industry, labor, and skill of the United
States. I mean not simply the industry of the
mechanic; I mean the industry of the agricult-
urist. And I mean not alone the industry of
the mechanic and the agriculturist, but of the
miner—all the interests of labor in the land; I
make no discrimination at all.
The past history of our country admonishes
us that the days of American prosperity have
been during periods of protection to American
industry, and that our days of adversity, of
bankruptcy and financial distress, have been
during periods of non-protection, when low
tariffs, or horizontal tariffs, and other free-
trade experiments, were being made. Free
trade, sir, will answer, perhaps, if it is free.
But there is no nation on earth with whom
we have important commercial intercourse that
adopts this principle. How has England ob-
tained so strong a position for her manufac-
turing interests? Why, sir, by protection, pro-
tection which she did not relax until this in-
terest had become so strong, so experienced,
so self-sustaining and powerfulas not to require
it. Free trade, in my opinion, if adopted now,
will bring this nation to early bankruptcy and
financial ruin. It will impose upon our people
such burdens, from direct taxation, as cannot
be endured. Meantime it will flood our coun-
try with the products of other nations; and to
pay for these products we must ultimately ex-
port gold. We cannot always pay in bonds,
and tfith all branches of industry paralyzed we
sh ill soon have nothing left to export save our
precious metals. Sir, the gold mountains of
•,lie West will prove inadequate to the task of
paying our foreign debt if wo are guilty of the
suicidal policy of destroying all domestic in-
dustry by this delusive cry of free trade. I
often think, sir, that the money of the foreign
manufacturer, added to the prejudice and ani-
mosity engendered by party strife, constitute
