1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
675
vation, impelling us to save the Republic, is in
harmony with the requirements of moral duty.
In denying justice now, you will not only be
guihy of grievous wrong, but you will expose
your country to incalculable calamity. The
case is too clear for debate.
The irresistible argument for Emancipation
■was always twofold: first, its intrinsic justice,
and secondly, its necessity for the safety of the
Republic; all of which was expressed by Pres-
ident Lincoln in the closing words of his great
Proclamation, when lie said:
" And upon this act, sincerely believed to bo an act
of justice warranted by the Constitution itpon military
necessity, I invoke the considerate judgment of man-
kind and the graeiousjavor of Almighty God."
But the argument for Enfranchisement, which
is nothing but the complement of Emancipa-
tion, is the same. Enfranchisement is not only
intrinsically just, but itis necessary to the safety
of the Republic. There is no reason, point,
or suggestion once urged for Emancipation
which may not be urged now for Enfranchise-
ment. I shall not err if I say that Emancipa-
tion itself will fail without Enfranchisement.
By Enfranchisement 1 mean the establish-
ment of the Equal Rights of All, so that there
shall be no exclusion of any kind, civil or po-
litical, founded on color, and the promises of
the Fathers shall be fulfilled. Such an act will
be, in the words of President Lincoln, " an act
of justice warranted by the Constitution upon
military necessity."
As an act of justice, Enfranchisement has a
necessity of its own. No individual and no
people can afford to be unjust. Such an offense
will carry with it a curse, which, sooner or later,
must drag its perpetrator to the earth. But here
the necessity from considerations of justice is
completed and intensified by the positive re-
quirements of the national safety, plainly in-
volved in the performance of these promises.
Look at the unhaopy frccdman blasted by the
ban of exclusion, tie has always been loyal, and
now it is he and not the rebel master who pays
the penalty. From the nature of the ease, he
must be discontented, restless, anxious, smart-
ing with a sense of wrong and a consciousness
of rights denied. He will not work as if taken
by the hand and made to feel the grasp of friend-
ship. He will be idle, thriftless, unproductive.
Industry will suffer. Cotton will not grow.
- Commerce will not thrive. Credit will fail:
nay. it will die before it is born. Oil the other
hand, his rebel master, with hands still red with
the blood of his fcllow-countrymen, will be en-
couraged in that assumption of superiority which
is a part of the Barbarism of Slavery; lie will
predominate as in times past; he will be exact-
ing as of old; he will be harsh, cruel, and vin-
dictive ; he will make the unprotected and trem-
bling freedman suffer for the losses and disap-
pointments of the Rebellion ; he will continue
to insult and prostitute the wife and children
who, in ceasing to be chattels, have not ceased
to be dependents; he will follow the freedman
to by-ways and to obscure places, where he
will once again play the master and assert his
ancient title as lord of the lash. Scenes of sav-
age brutality and blood must ensue. . All this^
which reason foretells, the short experience of
a few months already confirms. And all this
you sanction, when you leave the freedman
despoiled of his rights.
But the freedman, though forbearing and
slow to anger, will not submit to outrage always.
He will resist. Resistance will be organized.
And here will begin the terrible war of races
foreseen by Jefferson, where God, in all His
attributes, has none which can take part with
the oppressor. The tragedy of St. Domingo
will be renewed on a wider theater, witlibloodier
incidents. Be warned, I entreat you, by this
historic example. It was the denial of rights
to colored people, after successive promises,
which caused that fearful insurrection. _ Alter
various vicissitudes, during which the rights of
citizenship were conferred on free people of
color and then resumed, the slaves at last rose,
and here the soul sickens at the recital. Ihen
came Toussaiut L'Ouverture, a black of un-
mixed blood, who placed himself at the head
of his race, showing the genius of war, and the
genius of statesmanship also. Under his mag-
nanimous rule the beautiful island began to
smile once more; agriculture revived; com-
merce took a new start; the whites were pro-
tected in person and property; and a constitu-
tion was adopted acknowledgingthe authority of
France, but making no distinction on account
of color or race. In an evil hour this policy
was reversed by a decree of Napoleon Bona-
parte. War revived, and the French army was
compelled to succumb. The connection of St.
Domingo with Franco was broken, and this
island became a black republic. All this dreary
catalogue of murder, battle, sorrow, and woe
began in the denial of justice to the colored
race. And only recently we have listened to
a similar tragedy from Jamaica, thus swelling
the terrible testimony. Like causes produce
like effects; therefore, all this will be ours if
we madly persist in the same denial of justice.
The freedmen among us are not unlike the
freedmen of St. Domingo or Jamaica; they
have the same "organs, dimensions, senses,
affections, passions," and above all, the same
sense of wrong, and the same revenge.
To avoid insurrection and servile war, big
with measureless calamity, and even to obtain
that security which is essential to industry, ag-
riculture, commerce, and the national credit,
you must perform the promises of the Repub-
lic, originally made by our fathers, and recently
renewed by ourselves. But duty done will not
only save you from calamity, and give you se-
curity ; it will also prepare the way for all the
triumphs of the future, when through assured
peace there shall be tranquillity, prosperity, and
reconciliation, all of which it is vain to expect
without justice.
The freedman must be protected. To this
you are specially pledged by the Proclamation
of President Lincoln, which, after declaring
him "free," promises to maintain this free-
dom, not for any limited period, but for all
time. But this cannot be done so long as yon
deny him the shield of impar iial laws. Let him
be heard in court and let him vote. Let these
rights be guarded sacredly. Beyond even the
shield of impartial laws, he will then have that
protection which comes from the conscious-
ness of manhood. Clad in the full panoply
of citizenship ho will feel at last that he is a
man. At present he is only a recent, chattel,
awaiting your justice to be transmuted into
manhood. If you would have him respected
in hisrighls. you must begin by respecting him
in your laws. If you would maintain him_ in
his" freedom, you must begin by maintaining
him in the equal rights of citizenship.
And now the national safety is staked on this
act of justice. You cannot sacrifice the freed-
man without endangering the peace of the coun-
try, and the stability of our institutions. Every-
thing will be kept in jeopardy. The national
credit will suffer. Business of all kinds will
feel the insecurity. The whole land will gape
with volcanic fire, ready to burst forth in a tatal
flood. The irrepiessible conflict will be pro-
longed. The house will continue divided
against itself. From all these things, Good
Lord, deliver us! But, under God, there is
butone deliverance, and this is thorough justice.
I have said that the national credit will
suffer; but this does not disclose the whole
financial calamity. Itis idle to suppose _ that
recent rebels, restored to the privileges of citi-
zenship, will give their votes cordially lor that
national debt which has been incurred in the
suppression of their rebellion, or that, they will
willingly tax themselves for the interest on those
enormous outlays by which thei r darling Slavery
has been overthrown. The evidence shows that
they are already set against any such contribu-
tion. As time advances, and their power is
assured, in conjunction with northern sym-
pathizers, they will openly oppose itor if they
consent to recognize it. they will impose the
condition that the rebel debt shall be recog-
nized also. All this is inevitable, if you give
them the power ; it is madness to tempt them.
But they will not have the power if the prom-'
ises to the freedmen are performed. Here again
justice to the freedman becomes a necessity.
It is sometimes said that we must not require
justice to the freedman in the rebel States, "be-
cause justice is still denied to the colored citi-
zen in Connecticut and New York. Idle words
of inconceivable utterance; as if the two cases
bore any imaginably resemblance. There are
rivers in the Nor.th and rivers in the South, but
who says that on this account the two regions
are alike? The denial of justice to the colored
citizens in Connecticut and New York, is wrong
and mean; but it is on so small a scale that it
is not perilous to the Republic, nor is it vital
to the protection of the colored citizen, and the
protection of the national creditor. You are
moved to Enfranchisement in Connecticut and
New York, simply in order to do justice to a few
individuals : but you are moved to it in the rebel
States, in order to do justice to multitudes, also
to save the Republic, which is imperiled by in-
justice on such a gigantic scale, and to supply
needful protection to the national freedman and
the national creditor. From failure on our part
there is in one case little more than shame,
while in the other case there is positive danger
to the Republic, involving the fate of the na-
tional freedman and the national creditor, to
whom we are bound by the most solemn ties.
To a good man injustice, even on a small scale,
cannot be tolerable. He will feel the neces-
sity of resisting it; but where the victims are
counted by millions, this necessity becomes a
transcendent duty, quickened and invigorated
by all the instincts of self-preservation. There-
fore, I again say, for the national safety, do not
fail to keep these promises.
It is sometimes said that the Constitution of
the United States expressly reserves to the
States, the power of determining who shall
vote, because it, declares, that "the electors
in each State shall have the qualifications re-
quisite foi electors of the most numerous branch
of the State Legislature." But this assump-
tion proceeds on the fatal error, that, at, any-
time under the Constitution, which makes no
distinction of color, there can be any such
oligarchical distinction as a "qualification/'
founded on color. But even assuming that this
might be done in a period of peace, yet, beyond
all doubt, at the present moment, from the ne-
cessity of the case—from the Rights of War—
from the Constitutional clause of guarantee—
and from the Constitutional Amendment, Con-
gress, by its quadruple powers, is completely
authorized to do all that it thinks best for the
national security and the national faith in the
rebel States. As well question Farragnt in the
maintop of his steamer—Sherman in his march
across Georgia—or Grant in the field before
Richmond, as* question the authority of Con-
gress on this occasion. But if the authority
exists it must be exercised.
GUARANTEE OF A BErUBLICAX FORM OF GOVERN-
MENT.
II. And this brings me to the next form of
this necessity and duty, as they appear in the
guarantee clause of the Constitution. It'is
expressly declared that "the United States
shall guaranty to every State in this Union a Re-
publican form of government.'' These words,
when properly understood, leave no alternative.
They speak to us with no uncertain voice.
The magnitude of the question now before us
may be seen in the postulate with which I begin.
Assuming that, there has been a lapse of govern-
ment in any State, so as to impose upon the
United States the duty of executing this guar-
antee, then do 1 insist that it is the bounden duty
of the United States to see that such State has
a "Republican government," and, in the dis-
charge of this bounden duty, they must declare
that, a State, which in the foundation of its gov-
ernment, seta aside '' the consent of the gov-
erned"—which imposes taxation without rep-
resentation—which discards the principle of
Equal Rights, and which lodges power exclu-
sively with an Oligarchy. Aristocracy, Caste, oi
Monopoly, cannot be recognized as a " Repub-
