1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3659
Mr. ROSS. I move to strike out "fifteen"
and insert "twenty-five."
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On tallow, two cents per pound.
Mr. ROSS. I move to strike out "two"
and insert "four."
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I move to
si rike out the whole of the twelfth section as
amended.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that that motion is not in order. This bill is
being read by paragraphs, and not by sections,
for amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That, in lieu of
the duties heretofore imposed by law, there shall be
levied, collected, and-paid on the importation of the
articles hereinafter mentioned, the following duties
and rates of duty, that is to say:
On lumber, hemlock, cedar, and spruce, round,
split, or sided, one half cent per cubic foot; when
hewn square, three fourths of one cent per cubic
foot; when sawed and valued at six dollars or less
per thousand feet, one dollar per thousand feet;
when valued at over six dollars per thousand, two
dollars per thousand feet.
On lumber, pine, ash, butternut, bass-wood, birch,
elm, maple, and white-wood, round, split, or sided,
three fourths of one cent per cubic foot; when hewn
square, one and one fourth cent per cubic foot;
when sawed and valued at six dollars or less per
thousand feet, one dollar per thousand feet; when
valued at over six dollars and not over ten dollars
per thousand, two dollars per thousand feet; when
valued atoverten dollars pertliousand,threodollars
per thousand feet: Provided, That when lumber of
any sort is planed or finished, in addition to therates
herein provided, there shall be levied and paid, for
each side so planed or finished, one dollar per thou-
sand feet; and if planed on one side and tongued
anrl grooved, two dollars per thousand feet; and if
planed on two sides and tongued and grooved, two
dollars and fifty cents per thousand feet.
Mr. FERRY. I move to amend the last
paragraph just read by striking out the words
"six dollars or less per "thousand feet, one
dollar per thousand feet; when valued at over
six dollars and;" so that the paragraph will
read as follows:
On lumber, pine, ash, butternut, bass-wood, birch,
elm, maple, and white-wood, round, split, or sided,
three fourths of one cent per cubic foot; when hewn
square, one and one fourth cent per cubic foot;
when sawed and valued at not over ten dollars per
thousand, two dollars per thousand feet; when valued
at over ten dollars per thousand, three dollars per
thousand feet.
Mr. Chairman, were I to consult my own
judgment I should resist the ad valorem method
of duty, and insist, upon a specific duty of three
dollars per thousand upon all lumber imported.
But in deference to the judgment of others who
take an interest in this question, I have as-
sented to a modification and compromise with
the Committee of Ways and Means, and pro-
pose to strike out the six dollar classification,
leaving the remainder of the paragraph to
stand as reported by the committee. It comes
as near a specific duty as seems to be obtain-
able, and will make the duty on all lumber
valued at not over ten dollars a thousand two
dollars, and on all over ten dollars a duty of
three dollars per thousand.
Those who are opposed to this proposition
claim, I suppose, that they wish the cheaper
lumber to be favored, while we on the other
hand contend that the lower grades of lum-
ber are in small part furnished by Canada and
are supplied mostly by the States. The ques-
tion, therefore, resolves itself practically into
one of revenue. Concurring, by this amend-
ment, with the remark of the distinguished
chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means that "the bill is framed to protect our
internal revenue and for no 'other purpose,"
I cannot believe that the committee will op-
pose us, and therefore invite them to support
the proposition that is now made. I wish to
call the attention of the committee to the fact
that the price of lumber in the States has not
been regulated by importations. Let me here
quote a remark made by the chairman of the
committee in March last, when we had under
consideration the bill to regulate trade with
the British Provinces. He said on that occa-
sion:
" When wo abandoned all duties on lumber under
the treaty,the effect was not to reduce tbepriccin the
American market, but the value of lumber increased
in the Provinces."
When the treaty went into operation, it will
be thus seen, the price of lumber did not de-
crease, showing that the importation had no
effect upon the prices in the States. I will
now refer to the Chicago lumber market, quot-
ing from the Chicago Tribune of June 80,
showing that since the abrogation of the reei-
Erocity treaty the importations from Canada
ave had no effect upon the markets in the
States:
"The receipts of lumber during the week closing
to-day have been unusually heavy, and the market
for several days past has had a downward tendency;
but the decline is notieer.ble more particularly on
common grades, which have fallen in price $1 50 to
$1 75 per thousand feet. Prime cargoes, however,
are still in fair demand, and but little if any conces-
sion has been made; but low grade cargoes are diffi-
cult to sell, and prices tend downward."
The same journal states under date of July
3, three days later, that " the market for com-
mon and coarse cargoes continues dull and
depressed." From these facts it will be seen
that this question is substantially one of the
States, and resolves itself simply into one of
revenue. Now, Mr. Chairman, we can some-
times draw information and instruction from
competitors and rivals; and with this view I
wish to call the attention of the committee to
the report of the minister of finance for the
Provinces.
It has not been forgotten that pending the
discussion of the bill regulating trade with
British America that was before the House
last March, a large and very influential dele-
gation of Canadians was present, representing
the interests of the Canadas in the measure that
was proposed to take the place of the recipro-
city treaty which was then so soon to termi-
nate. That delegation so shrewdly managed
their interests as to impress the Committee of
Ways and Means with the belief that it was
much more important for the States than for
the Canadas that the measure proposing to
regulate trade between the two should become
a law. The distinguished chairman had his
fears so far invoked as to lead him to warn the
House against opposition, and zealously dep-
recated defeat of so wise and equitable a pro-
ject. What was that project? It was fixing
the duty of one dollar on all lumber valued at
seven dollars and under; on all over seven dol-
lars and under twelve dollars a duty of two
dollars; and all over twelve dollars a duly of
three dollars. And we were told that the
Provinces cared but little whether it was car-
ried or not; they were not to realize by its
passage, but that the benefits would accrue
mostly if not entirely to the States; and the
apparent indifference of the delegation to which
I have referred was pointed to as a moving
reason why we should grasj} at so generous a
proposition for the States. The British Prov-
inces were represented to have been the losers
in the main by the reciprocity treaty, and their
assent to the new basis referred to was deemed
a great concession on their part.
Now, sir, what does their financial minister
admit in his recent budget? He says, "In
consequence of the abrogation of the reci-
procity treaty it became imperative to rearrange
the customs. The estimated falling off in reve-
nue is $1,000,000." Here then is an official
admission by the minister of finance that the
termination of this reciprocity treaty, so won-
derfully beneficial, as stated, to the States, is
to work a loss of revenue to the Provinces of
$1,000,000 the current fiscal year. In other
words, we have the grave and startling conces-
sion that the reciprocity treaty instead of being
detrimental has been beneficial to the Prov-
inces to the amount of $1,000,000 per annum.
We have then out of our generosity, during the
existence of that treaty, poured into the British
exchequer at least $12,000,000. A most sin-
gular reciprocity, and a most significant key to
the studied indifference of the Canadian dele-
gation. Is it now again proposed to reproduce
this damaging commercial relationship to the
States ?
Hear this financial minister further and learn
wisdom from the mouth of our competitors.
After stating that the estimated falling off' of
their revenue during the coming year will be
$1,000,000, he proposes, in order to supply the
deficiency, to raise a duty upon importations,
duty of from thirty to sixty cents upon spirits; *
and upon Indian corn and coarse grains, ten
cents per bushel—striking here at the great
agricultural interests of the XVrest, especially Illi-
nois, the State that is now clamorous through
its delegation for easier terms of interchange
with this voracious power.
[Here the hammer fell. ]
Mr. MORRILL. I still adhere to what I
said on a former occasion, that a moderate duty
will not increase the price of lumber. But it
is important that in reference to this matter
we should not exceed a strictly revenue duty.
It must be borne in mind that Canada is at
the present time pressed for money. The gov-
ernment has been compelled to issue a legal
tender currency, as I understand, to the extent
of $5,000,000, and has also been obliged to levy
an export duty upon lumber in the leg. The
article now under discussion is one that we
have favored in all our tax bills, exempting it
from duty to a great extent, on the ground that
building material and fencing stuffs ought to be
as cheap as possible throughout the whole coun-
try. It is important to the interests of the United
States that we should not cut down our forests
too rapidly. I am not disposed to consent to the
amendment of the gentleman from Michigan.
It would levy upon ordinary fencing stuff double
the amount of duty fixed in the bill. I think
that this cheaper sort of lumber ought to come
in at a lower rate than that of a better quality,
which is sold at much higher prices. 1 trust
that the amendment will not be adopted.
Mr. COOK. With the view of moving here-
after to place lumber in the free list, I move,
as an amendment to the amendment, to strike
out the pending section. I should like to be
advised upon what principle the manufacture
of lumber in this country should be protected.
I have listened to the arguments which have
been advanced to show the necessity of pro-
tecting various branches of manufacture in this
country; and those arguments resolve them-
selves info two. One is the necessity of de-
veloping and establishing manufactures of our
own. This principle certainly does not apply
to the manufacture of lumber. Our forests
are limited in extent.
Mr. DRIGGS. Does the gentleman wish to
know the reason why the lumber business
should be protected?
Mr. COOK. Yes, sir.
Mr. DRIGGS. I will state one very good
reason. Canada, stretching along our north-
ern border, is filled with pine forests; and by
reason of the cheap labor there and the high
price of labor in this country, resulting from
the war and consequent taxation, there is a
necessity that the American interest should be
protected unless we want to ruin it.
Mr. COOK. I was coming to that proposi-
tion in a moment. We are not asked to pro-
tect the manufacture of lumber for the purpose
of developing that manufacture. It has gone
on increasing rapidly, and I hope in the future
it will continue to increase. The other is a
question of protection to American industry.
It is to protect American labor against the
pauper labor of Europe. But the labor of
Europe does not come into competition with
the manufacture of lumber. The only compe-
tition is that from Canada ; and Canadian labor
is not much cheaper, if any, than American
labor. The result, then, is to make the west-
ern country pay this increase of duty. Every
dollar paid for the protection of the lumber
interest will be paid by every man who wants
to put up a new house or to surround his field
with a new fence or to make any other neces-
sary improvement. In fine, the lumber men
of the country are to be protected at the
expense of the agriculturists.
Mr. GARFIELD. The gentleman does not
recognize the difference between our system
