260
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 10,
Ho. oe Reps.
The Tariff—Mr. Delano.
39th Cong.... 1st Sbss.
free-trade hounds set loose upon the country,
and all of them backed by this senatoi'ial dec-
laration, I began to wonder who was setting the
dogs upon us. I do not say who it is. I ask
you now to show that you who represent New
England are not responsible for it. I do not
believe you are. I trust that in our action upon
this bill it will be seen that New England is
true to her ancient traditions, true to her inter-
ests, true to her faith, and that she will stand
up to this bill to the end. If she does not I
■will make her a prophecy.
There is a West this side of where the sun
sets; and there are people in it. It has a soil
from twelve inches to eight feet in depth, yield-
ing corn and oats and rye and flaxseed and
hemp and wheat. And that is not all. There
are men and women there; and they populate
the earth as the Lord commanded when He
directed them to go forth and subdue it. There
is youthful vigor and power there. We are
your children. We came from you. We sym-
pathize with yon and we love you. All we
want is that you shall treat us as parents should
treat their children; that you shall live up to
the declarations you have made here in the
House to-day. Then we shall bo repaid for
what we have done for you these many years;
and we will strike hands with you. Together
we will sustain this Government against all
enemies to its integrity, against all enemies to
its finances, and we will make ours the greatest
Government and the greatest people that God's
suji has ever shone upon. But if yon will not
help us, then when we get strong enough, as
we soon shall be, we will help ourselves and
you may help yourselves. Is not such a course
the instinct of nature and of humanity ?
Have 1 not some reason for these remarks?
Sir, I have alluded to what has transpired. T
want to say now to my friends of the West, be
not deluded with this cry of free trade. You
have now for the first time in your lives an
opportunity to put the agricultural interest upon
the protective list. Ay, sir, and the people
and your constituencies are watching. Let me
give you a fact. There are in this country this
day thirty-six million sheep; and I would not
go a rod to kick any one of them.
Mr. WENT WORTH. And all of them have
two lambs!
Mr. DELANO. That may be in the neigh-
borhood where the gentleman from Chicago
obtains ; but sheep are not so prolific in other
parts of the country. These thirty-six million
sh#ep are represented by two hundied thou-
sand voters. The sheep represent the voters,
or the voters the sheep, or both ways, as you
choose. [Laughter.] The men who own this
property are voters. For the first time in their
lives it is proposed that this property should be
protected by the tariff law. I know that this
bill will protect this property and its annual
product and also many other important agri-
cultural interests. I say to gentlemen that
those two hundred thousand voters have been
watching wiih intense interest the action of
this House during the past week on this sub-
ject. Do you ask me why? Let me present to
you a few facts. I_want to call the attention of
this House to the importations of wool for the
last few years. Members are aware that I am
not much a man of detail, and do not generally
elaborate largely upon tables and statistics;
but here are a few facts which exhibit an idea,
and I want to lay them before the House.
In 1859 we imported two hundred and thirty-
one thousand pounds of wool. Now, mark
you, in 1860 we imported a million and a half
pounds. That was before the war—before the
embarrassments following the war stared the
manufacturers in the face. Now, in 1861, when
the war came upon us, when the manufacturers
did not know what was about to happen, when
the farmers of the West could not sell their
wool at all, there was imported into this coun-
try only five hundred and fifty-six thousand
(half a million) pounds of wool; one third of
the amount imported in 1860. Next year, sir, it
was given in evidence that the war had brought
out a demand for woolen goods. In 1862 you
imported thirty-one million three hundred
thousand pounds of wool; in 1863 seventy-
three million nine hundred thousand pounds :
and in 1864 eighty-seven million one hundred
and ninety-three thousand pounds; and all
this time when you were running up from an
importation of half a million to eighty-seven
million the importation of woolen goods was
being diminished. Yes, sir, the importation
of goods manufactured abroad was being dimin-
ished. The manufacturer had the monopoly
of the markets of America for the sale of his
goods, and the markets of the world, so far
as we were concerned, in which to buy the
raw material. What fact is more apparent
than that the price of wool has not risen com-
mensurately with that of other articles in any
degree whatever during the war? It is a
known fact that it has not, and the reason of
of it is here: you had a tariff that furnished
no protection to the wool-grower whatever.
Why, sir, to show you how this was accom-
plished, let me call the attention of the House
to the importations of wool at the port of
New York for the year ending the 31st of
December last. You remember, sir, that that
tariff puts a duty on wool, valued at the last
port of exportation at twelve cents or less,
of three cents a pound; when over twelve and
not over twenty-four, six cents per pound;
when over twenty-four and not over tliirty-two,
ten, and ten per cent, ad valorem : and when
over thirty-two, twelve cents per pound and
ten cents ad valorem. Now, sir, this was so
framed by the ingenuity of the manufacturers
that wools competing with American wools could
be brought in here at a price less than twenty-
four cents per pound. The average price is
fourteen cents per pound. The South Ameri-
can wools, competing with our half, three
fourths, and seven eighths Spanish merino
wools, are imported under the existing tariff
so as not to pay above three to six cents per
pound dut}'. This is done by sending them
here unwashed, and by handling them in the
dirt, so as to reduce their value at the last port
of export to such a sum as to cheat us of rev-
enue, and thus deprive our own wool-growers
of a market. In point of fiber and excellence
these South American wools are as valuable to
the manufacturer as the American fine wools.
By looking at the imports at New York you
will see what was the result. We imported there
for six months, ending December 81,18(35, five
and a half million pounds of wool that cost
twelve cents or less ; eight million eight hun-
dred and sixty-one thousand pounds of wool
costing over twelve and under twenty-four cents
per pound that paid a duty of only ^ix cents ;
and when you go beyond twenty-four cents per
pound, only fifty pounds were imported. A
greater legislative wrong was never practiced
upon a people than has been practiced upon
the wool-growers of this land. We have borne
it through the days of trial, in the days of tax-
ation, in the days of heavy internal revenues,
high taxes upon incomes, and high prices for
all our manufactured goods. We have borne it
as long as we can, and, God helping us, we will
bear it no longer. And this I tell you, gentle-
men, is the voice and sentiment of the western
people to-day.
Now. sir, it is to put ourselves in a condition
where wo can prevent these impositions; where
we can have a voice in adjusting this tariff, when
it is to be adjusted, that I am here to-day to ap-
peal to western men as well as eastern men
to give us this tariff. Postpone it now, until
next December, and the same interest, the samo
influence that causes the postponement will
cause its defeat. Gentlemen, now is your time,
and if you fail to avail yourselves of this hour
you will stand where the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] places you. New Eng-
land will say £o you, "We loved you and your
productions, but, you did not want this tariff
yourselves; you did not want it, and we were
not so blind that we would force it upon you."
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. Will the
gentleman yield for one word?
Mr. DELANO. Yes, sir.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. I desire
to say to my friend that I believe there is one
State in New England that does want this tar-
iff, and that is the State of Connecticut. I
believe that all of her interests, agricultural,
commercial, and manufacturing, will be pro-
moted by it, and I intend to vote for it.
Mr. DELANO. Thank you, sir. Good for
Connecticut. She is a glorious State and has
kept up the banner of the Union lately, and I
trust she intends to do it in the future.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. Yes, sir,
she sent fifty-four thousand men into the field
to fight for the flag, with only half a million of
population.
Mr. DELANO. Nobody will suppose that
I have any feeling against New England, or
that I have come here to-day to asperse her. I
want to present this question to New England
and the West in its true light, and I have feebly
attempted to do it in some of its phases and
asnects.
There is one other fact that I desire to call
the attention of this House to. I spoke of
the importation of eighty-seven million pounds
of wool in 1864. That, sir, did not include
eight million pounds of—what do you call it?
Shoddy? Eight million pounds of shoddy. I
do not know but I have got some of it on.
May be some of the rest of you have. In the
last four years twenty-seven million pounds of
shoddy have been imported into the United
States competing with our wools. The people
of the United States in four years have bought
and paid for twenty-seven million pounds of the
old clothing of what the gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Grinkell] calls the lazzaroni of the East.
Gentlemen of the West, do you want to con-
tinue this disgraceful state of things?
Mr. KELLEY. I want to say to the gen-
tleman that he makes a mistake when he says
only twenty-seven million pounds have been
imported in four years. _ There has been twice
that amount brought in in the shape of manu-
factured goods—our own old clothes coming
back to us as new cloth.
Mr. DELANO. I cannot say as to that.
My friend is very familiar with details of that
sort, and probably keeps the run of old clothes
closer than I do. [Laughter.]
Mr. Speaker, you may think that this wool
interest is a little nearer my heart than it
ought to be. It is not for that only that I
speak. That is not the only interest to be pro-
tected. There is the oil interest, the flaxseed,
the hempseed, and the oil that is made and the
lint that is produced and to be produced in
that great half-explored and undeveloped area
of country capable of producing these articles.
While we sustain the spindle and the shuttle,
the loom and the rolling-mill of our country,
shall we neglect to-protect the hardy tiller of
the soil also ? Why, sir, I venture to predict
that with five years of judicious protection of
the wool interest there will bo produced from
the States of Missouri and Iowa the eighty-seven
millions of wool, with all the shoddy thrown in,
that you have imported from abroad and derived
no benefit from in the last four years.
Understand me, gentlemen, and my policy I
I am for protecting labor and industry in all
its branches. Sir, I do not want to strike down
those blazing forges of Pennsylvania, whose
light, when 1 travel on the railroads by night,
is among the most joyful sights that greet my
visipn. Nor do I wish to silence the ringing
anvils made jubilant with the hammer of indus-
trious men. God forbid! I would multiply all
these elements of industry, wealth, and power.
But while I would do that I would build up these
other great interests along-side of them. I join
hands with you gentlemen who have iron and
