3660
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE-.
July 7,
of revenue and the taxation of Canada. There
ought certainly to be enough to cover the dif-
ference which is against us. Our taxation is
five times what it is in Canada.
Mr. COOK. Let me say, in answer to the
objection of my friend from Ohio, that he must
take into consideration also the difference of
premium on gold. My friend from Michigan
said the American labor was to be protected.
Mr. DRIGGS. You asked why we needed
this, and I said because of the cheap labor of
Canada, and because of the high prices and
the high rates of taxation in the United States.
Mr. COOK. I think it is a bad policy and
wrong in itself to raise revenue by preventing
the development of the country.
Mr. GARFIELD. I say that Canadian la-
bor does not have to bear as heavy taxation
under their sytem as the American labor.
Now, does not the gentleman think it is neces-
sary to put on the difference?
Mr. COOK. I do not understand that the
difference is against the American labor look-
ing to the difference between our currency and
gold.
Mr. GARFIELD. I think the gentleman is
mistaken.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the committee
rise for the purpose of terminating debate upon
this subject.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Scofield re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, had had under con-
sideration the Union generally, and particu-
larly the special order, being bill of the House
No. 718, to provide increased revenue from
imports, and for other purposes, and had come
to no resolution thereon.
close of debate.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that all debate be
terminated on the pending paragraph in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union in five minutes after its consideration
shall be resumed.
The motion was agreed to.
TARIFF BILL AGAIN.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the rules be
suspended and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Scowkld in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the special order, being the bill
(II. It. No. 718) to provide increased revenue
from imports, and for other purposes.
Mr. MORRILL. I think^the scalc placed
in the bill, after consultatioifwith vai-ious par-
ties, is about fair. I am quite satisfied that it
should not be increased.
Mr.^ FERRY. Mr. Chairman, I was re-
marking when the hammer cut me short that
the Provinces were protecting their commer-
cial relations with the States by heavy duties
on importations and invited the committee to
profit by their example. What more have
they done? They have levied an exportation
duty upon saw logs of $1 25 per one thousand
feet. Knowing full well that their cheap stump-
age, or value of the timber standing, and cheaper
labor and other expenses entering into the pro-
duction of logs, would drive Americans to their
pineries for stock to compete successfully with
them in the lumber markets of the States under
even the present twenty per cent, ad valorem
duty, which is more favorable to Americans
than what is proposed by the pending bill and
my amendment, they resort to self-defenge,
like wise legislators, and impose an exporta-
tion duty. They practically say to the gen-
erous Americans, with all your generosity we
must take care of our own interests first, and
if you come to our soil to operate we propose
to make you pay for it.
If I were satisfied we should have a correct
valuation of lumber when imported I do not
know that I would object to the proposition of
the Committee of Ways and Means, but the
chairman of that committee knows that such
will not be the case. The gentleman from
Massachusetts, the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Elections, [Mr. Dawes,] well said the
other day that " the experience of everybody
proved an tid valorem duty is the very best
possible method in which the tariff can be de-
frauded. '' In proof of this let me state a case.
A gentleman interested in lumber, an ex-Con-
gressman, has written a letter,in which he states
that at Chicago a cargo from Canada was re-
cently sold at twenty-four dollars per thousand
feet which had been valued only at eight dol-
lars per thousand. This is but one instance in
which our revenue is being defrauded. The
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Cook] lays great
stress upon the wants of his State for cheap
fencing. In regard to fencing I will say that
very little comes from Canada. Fencing is cut
into one and three eighths inches in thickness.
Canadians are too smart to cut their lumber
into that thickness and sell it for inch stuff.
They are too shrewd to lose in stock not only
but the same in transportation. The lower
grades of lumber come from Michigan. The
proposition of the Committee of Ways and
Means does not accomplish their purpose by
the low valuation and their low grade of
duty.
I have, I trust, sufficiently shown that Cana-
dian lumber does not materially affect the rates
of lumber in tho markets of the States. When
the treaty went into operation the prices did
not decrease, and when it terminated prices
declined, as quotations prove. The question,
therefore, so clearly and undeniably resolves
itself into one of revenue and not burden upon
American industry and interests, the commit-
tee cannot refuse to sustain my amendment.
By its adoption the opportunities for fraud are
lessened and the system simplified. Instead
of two divisions there will be butono; alllum-
bcr valued at ten dollars and under to pay a
duty of two dollars, and all over ten dollars a
duty of three dollars. Your revenue will be
increased, the interests of the States protected,
and the United States Government saved from
being coerced into practical commercial fraud.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COOK. Mr. Chairman 
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the amendment, and no further amendments
are in order. The gentleman can withdraw his
amendment.
Mr. COOK. I made it in good faith, and I
want to vote for it. But I will withdraw it for
the purpose of saying a word or two and renew
it when I have done. I want to state that it is
bad policy to raise a revenue by crippling the
resources of the country. Now, there is no one
thing that affects every man in my section of
the country like this lax on lumber. We have
to depend entirely upon the lumber which we
get from the North. I suppose it is not neces-
sary to argue that the supply of lumber will
regulate the price. I do not know what cir-
cumstances may have occurred in particular
instances to depress the price at Chicago in the
ease cited by the gentleman from Michigan,
[Mr. Ferry,] but assuming that it will be a
rule that commends itself to every man that
the supply of lumber will regulate the price, it
is vital to us that the supply shall be free. And
if the committee shall see fit to raise a revenue
from lumber to the extent that is proposed, it
will have the effect so to cripple the develop-
ment of the country as to prevent the building
up of the towns and fences of the agricultural
lands, so that the actual revenue which will be
derived will be less in consequence of the duty
imposed on lumber.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COOK. I renew my amendment.
The question being taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. Fjskby, it was agreed to—ayes
61, noes 37.
The question recurred on the amendment
of Mr. Cook to strike out the whole paragraph,
and it was not agreed to—-ayes 29, noes 70.
The Clerk read as follows:
On lumber, black walnut, rth erry, chestnut, and oak,
not sawed, and less advanced than boards and planks,
not otherwise provided for, ten percent, ad valorem;
when sawed, four dollars per thousand foet.
On ship timber, fifty cents per ton.
Mr. ROSS. I move to strike out £i fifty
cents" and insert "three dollars."
The amendment was not agreed to—ayes
twenty-five, noes not counted.
Mr. PIKE. I move to strike out the words
'' on ship timber fifty cents per ton,'' and insert
in lieu thereof the following:
On ship timber one half cent per cubic foot; on
ship knees, one cent per inch; and on hard-wood
ship plank, fifty cents per thousand feet.
I think I have the concurrence of the chair-
man of the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I would like to
have the gentleman explain the difference be-
tween 
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is out of order.
The question being taken on the amendment,
there were—ayes 38, noes 59.
Mr. PIKE. I demand tellers.
Tellers were refused.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On railroad ties, rough hewn or sawed, three cents
each.
Mr. ROSS. I move to strike out 11 three"
and insert "five."
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On shingle bolts, hubs for wheels, last blocks, posts
and'lumber, not otherwise provided for, hewn or sawed
only, ten per cent, ad valorem.
On pickets, palings, and lath, twenty per cent, ad
valorem.
On rift pine and codar shingles, seventy-five cents
per thousand,
On sawed pine and cedar shingles, fifty cents per
thousand.
On spruce shingles, forty cents per thousand.
On pine clapboards, four dollars per thousand.
On spruce clapboards, $2 50 per thousand.
Sec. 14. And be it further cnaeted, That from and
aftor the day and year aforesaid the importation of
tho articles hereinafter mentioned and embraced in
this section shall be exempt from duty, that is to say;
Archilia, archil, or orchilia weed.
Books, maps, and charts for tho use of the United
States or the Congressional Library, imported by au-
thority: Provided, The price paid the importer does
not include the duty.
Mr. MYERS. I move to insert after the
word "authority" "and also all books and
publications in any of the Sclavonic languages.''
Mr. Chairman, I have a petition from mem-
bers of the Sclavonic Fraternity of the United
States, asking that books and publications in
their several languages maybe exempted from
duty, and I now present it to the House, hop-
ing that their prayer may be granted. There
are about twenty thousand of these people in
our country, speaking from fifteen to eighteen
different idioms, the alphabets differing also.
I have now before me newspapers in the Rus-
sian, Polish, and Bohemian dialects, which
on account of the great heat I will not trouble
the Clerk by sending to his desk to be read,
[laughter;] but it is sufficient to state that wc
do not print publications in any of these various
languages in this country. Poor immigrants
speaking them, who naturally desire to bring
a few religious and other books with them, as
it takes some time for them to learn our tongue,
find the duty amounting, almost to a prohibi-
tion. I know of an instance where a resident
of Washington importing such books, valued at
ten dollars, had to pay twenty-one dollars for
duties, exchange, and expenses upon them.
As we do not print any such publications we
need no protection calling for a duty, and the
revenue derived from this source is too trifling
to speak of. There is no other class of foreign
publications in which an exemption from duty
is so appropriate, and I hope the House will
act favorably in the matter.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the commit-
tee rise for the purpose of terminating debate
on this section.
Mr. LE BLOND. I hope the gentleman
