1740
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
and vast legal learning. We expect to have
able men upon the bench of these courts of
appeal, as they are called here; and I think
that under the circumstances, considering the
fact that the Supreme Court is so much bur-
dened with business, the utter impossibility of
getting speedy justice at the hands of the Su-
preme Court—cases put off in which States and
people are interested, and deeply interested,
from year to year, as was well suggested by the
able Senator from Indiana—and in considera-
tion of the fact that this bill gives a court that
will be equal in its ability and in its legal learn-
ing, to the Supreme Court when it was first
established, equal in numbers, even, in a great
many of the circuits, and in fact in a majority of
them, I suppose, equal in every respect to the
Supreme Court as it formerly stood, (I do not
speak of it now,) and equal in many circuits
perhaps to the Supreme Court as itnow stands,
having one of the judges of the supreme bench
who will go out with a full understanding of
the various questions that have been discussed
before this court and decided by this court—
with the advantages of such a court as that I
think it would be well to retain this provision,
at least for a time. I do not say that I would
jetain it for all time.
Senators have presented strong reasons, I
admit, why the amount should be reduced to
.$5,000; but in 1789 it was provided by the ju-
diciary act that a case must involve $2,000 in
order to get to the Supreme Court, and now I
ask if $10,000 at the present day is a larger
amount of money or affects private interests to
a greater degree than $2,000 did in 1789. A
man in 1789 owning $2,000 was as rich as he
is now worth $10,000. If at that time it was
thought well-—and it has certainly operated well
from 1 hat time to this—to restrict appeals fiom
the circuit court to the Supreme Court to eases
involving at least $2,000, would it not be well
at this time, under all the circumstances I have
enumerated, to retain the $10,000 clause so as
to restrict appeals from these oourts to cases
involving that amount? The plaintiff can al-
ways get his case here if he claims enough, no
matter what the judgment is. I know the de-
fendant cannot get it to the Supreme Court
unless the judgment itself involves that, amount.
But suppose there is any difficulty upon the
point of the amount in controversy, I suggest
to the Senators that the Supreme Court has
again and again received affidavits of individ-
uals here in open court to ascertain the amount
in controversy. It does not matter what the
declaration is, or what the judgment is, if the
thing itself can be shown in the Supremo Court
to involve the value of $2,000 under the old
law, the court will take jurisdiction. There are
various decisions on that subject which I have
looked up since the discussion yesterday, and to
which 1 can refer Senators. The Supreme
Court will take evidence here by affidavit to
show that the amount really in controversy be-
tween the parties is $10,000. I think it better,
therefore, to retain the clause, but other Sen-
ators know much more about the matter than
I do.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I desire to add one or two
suggestions to what I said yesterday on the pro-
posed amendment. I am satisfied that its adop-
tion will tend greatly to defeat the benefits that
otherwise would be derived from this bill. In
considering the amount of bnsiness to come be-
fore the Supreme Court of the United States it
is to be remembered that all cases come before
the Supreme Court as heretofore from courts of
final resort in the State. There are three cases
pending in the Supreme Court of the United
States at this time from the State of Oregon;
all of them are brought up by writs of error to,
or appeals from, the supreme court of that
State. Two of them are cases in equity, and
involve the examination of a large amount of
evidence and the decision of questions of fact;
the other is a case involving a question of law.
Now, is it a large estimate to suppose that
each State will average two cases in the Su-
preme Court each year ? If so, there will be
seventy-two cases coming from the supreme
courts of the several States into the Supreme
Court of the United States annually, and they
may be cases involving questions of fact as
well as questions of law. Besides that, as I
understand, all cases determined in these courts
of appeals involving constitutional questions
may be appealed to the Supreme Court of the
■United States, and it is well known that a
large proportion of those cases are cases of
that description. Then all cases involving the
construction of the revenue laws or patent
laws may be brought into the Supreme Court;
and to these must be added such cases as may
come up to the Supreme Court from the Court
of Claims.
Putting together, then, all the cases that
may come into the Supreme Court from the
courts of final resort in each of the thirty-six
States, with all cases involving constitutional
questions, all cases involving the construction
of, or any claim arising under, the revenue or
patent laws of the country, and all eases that
may come up from the Court of Claims, and I
ask if it is not reasonable to suppose, if this
bill remains in its present shape, that as much
business will accumulate before the Supreme
Court as it can reasonably transact.
Moreover, Mr. President, the condition of
things in the lately rebellious States, it seems
to me, ought to be considered. Acts of Con-
gress have been passed affecting the rights of
property, immense quantities of property, in
those States. Acts of the Federal Government
affecting the rights of property there have been
committed; and it is well known that many
people in the country, and particularly those
most directly concerned, claim that these laws
and these acts are unconstitutional; and the
probability is that as soon as the door of the
Supreme Court is opened to those people, if it
is not open at this time, they will come into that
court with these cases involving these consti-
tutional questions that grow out of the trans-
actions of this war, and they are certainly very
numerous and very important; and it seems to
me that in considering this subject it is neces-
sary to give due weight to that circumstance.
Now, I do not appreciate the force of the
argument that has been urged in favor of this
proposed amendment, because if it proves any-
thing it proves that a man that has a claim
involving $4,000 ought to be allowed to come
into the Supreme Court of the United States as
much as a man who has a claim involving
$6,000. There must be some limitation upon
the right of appeal. What is the criterion by
which that is to be determined ? Is it to be the
supposed wishes orinterests of the persons who
maybe involvedin litigation, or is it the capacity
of the court to transact business?
I presume there would be no particular object
in restricting the right of appeal at all if the
Supreme Court of the LTnited States could rea-
sonably transact all the business that might
arise from an unlimited right of appeal; but it
is perfectly clear that the Supreme Court can-
not transact that business, and therefore it is
necessary that there should be some limitation,
and that limitation is fixed at $10,000 in the
bill, and as I before suggested, I do not see
why suitors who go into the courts of the United
States should complain when they have the
same remedy that suitors have in the State
courts. Every man who brings a suit in the
district court of the United States has a right
to have his case there tried and determined
before a judge and jury, if it be a jury case,
and then has a right to take his appeal to this
court of appeals, where there will be four or
five learned judges to pass upon the questions
involved. So far as my observation extends,
the multiplication of courts is of no advantage
to suitors, but rather a detriment to them and
to the country, because men, when they become
involved in litigation, become excited and ex-
asperated; they carry 1 he cases from court to
court from a sort of stubbornness rather than
from any expectation that the ends of justice
will be promoted.
The Senator from New Hampshire suggests
that this will be a hardship upon thej>oor man.
Sir, poor men, in my opinion, will not carry
their cases into the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States under this system. Suppose a man
brings a suit in the district court of the United
States upon a claim amounting to $5,000; the
case is there tried and determined and he is
defeated and compelled to pay the expenses of
that litigation and the fees of his attorneys; he
takes his case into this court of appeals; it is
there tried and determined and he is defeated,
and he pays there the expenses of that trial and
the fees of his attorneys, and then takes the
case into the Supreme Court of the United
States, where he must wait for two or three
years and have an attorney employed all the
time to watch the case. Suppose in the end he
recovers his $5,000, how much has the poor man
made in that operation? Deducting all his
expenses, costs of every nature and description,
to which this litigation has subjected him from
the $5,000 that he recovers, how much will be
left? If that man is driven by any feeling of
resentment, as he might be, contrary to his own
interests, to take the case to the Supreme Court
of the United States, it is better for him and
better for all concerned, he will he better sat-
isfied when he comes coolly to reflect upon the
subject, if the law prevents him from taking the
case any further than the court of appeals.
It seems to me that the object which this bill
seeks to attain will be preserved more by allow-
ing the bill to pass in its present shape than by
the adoption of the amendment. I say again,
so far as I am concerned—I may not be as well
advised on that subject as other Senators—I
believe it would be conducive to the ends of
justice to enhance this amount rather than to
diminish it, because thebusinessof the Supreme
Court of the United States should chiefly be
decisions as to the Constitution and laws of the
United States rather than to be engaged in
trying questions of property and other ques-
tions of that description, which may be tried
and properly adjudicated by the inferior courts
of the United States or the courts of the States.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I must say
another word on this amendment. If we were
providing a court of appeals here for the ben-
efit of plaintiffs alone, as the Senator from Ore-
gon and the Senator from Missouri seem to
imagine, this bill would be sufficient, for any
plaintiff can get into this court on appeal if he
is careful to lay his ad damnum high enough,
and they would all understand that. Ordi-
narily, however, it happens that there are two
parties to a lawsuit. The defendant can only
come here by appeal when he gets a judg-
ment against him, under this bill, of $10,000.
Ten thousand dollars, as I took occasion to say
to the Senate yesterday, is as important to a man
who has got no more as a million is to a man
who has a million. When a judgment involves
one's whole estate, it is a very important judg-
ment to him, and he is not prepared to ac-
quiesce in that judgment unless it is right, and
you cannot justify yourselves to the people of
the United States for excluding this class of
suitors from your highest and therefore your
best court, except upon the plea of stem ne-
cessity. That brings us to the question of
necessity : is it absolutely necessary, to enable
this court to transact its business, to limit the
sum at S10,000 ?
The Senator from Indiana says we must rely
upon the judges of this court; their judgment
should be conclusive ; they know how much
business they can do. Certainly upon that
poihtltake their opinions ; they do know how
much business they can do ; but I respectfully
submit that they do not any better know how
much business they will have to do under this
bill than lawyers practicing in that co.urt. The
Senator from Maryland, who has for fifty years,
more or less, practiced in that court, and whose
opinion is perhaps——
Mr. CRESWELL. I hope the gentleman
does not look at me when he makes any such
assertion as that. I have not been practicing
fifty years in any court. [Laughter.]
Mr. ITOWE. Mr. President, I was looking
in the other direction when I made that remark.
