1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
677
the public weal." (JDe Republica, cap. xxv.)
And then again, in another place, the Roman
philosopher says, " Liberty can have no certain
dwelling in any state except where the laws are
equal and the power of public opinion is su-
preme." (Ibid, cap.xxxi.) But all these require-
ments or aspirations are applicable to any Gov-
ernment, of whatever form; and it is well known
that Cicero recorded his preference for a Gov-
ernment tempered by an admixture of the three
different kinds; so that we are_ not advanced m
our definition, unless we insist that our Ixe-
public should have all those virtues which are
accorded to the ideal Commonwealth. And
yet there are two principles which all these
philosophers teach us: the first is justice, and
the second is the duly of seeking the general
welfare. .
I next put aside the examples of history, as
absolutely fallacious and inapplicable. Gov-
ernments in all ages have been called Repub-
lics, which can be no example to us.^ Indeed,
there is hardly a government, from that of the
great hunter, Nimrod, down to insulted and
partitioned Poland, which has not been called
a "Republic." Tnl772. only a few years before
the adoption of the National Constitution, Rus-
sia, Austria, and Prussia, after dividing Poland,
undertook to establish certain fundamental laws
for this conquered country, one of which was
as follows:
"The government of Poland shall be forever free,
independent ami republican in form.. The truepnn-
cipleof said government consisting.in the strict exe-
cution of its laws and the equilibrium of tue three
estates, namely, the king, the senate, and the eques-
trian order."—John Adams's Works, vol. iv, p. Jtv.
But a government thus composed cannot be
recognized in this debate as " republican in
form."
At the adoption of the Constitution, the most
competent persons, who disagreed on other
things, agreed in discarding these examples.
Alexander Hamilton and John Adams met here
on common ground. Ihe former, in thebiici
of his argument on the Constitution, thus ex-
hibits the various forms of government to which
the term "Republic" has been applied:
" A republic, n word used in various senses. Has
been applied to aristocracies and monarchies. (1.; to
Rome under kings. (2.) lo fcparta, thoush a •. enate
for life. (3.) To Cm thage, thoush the same. (4.) to
United Netherlands, though Stadtholder, and hered-
itary nobles. (5.) To Poland, though aristocracy and
monarchy. (6.) To «rcat Britain, though a monar-
chy."—Hamilton, Worlcs, vol. n, p. 463.
John Adams, in his Defense of the Consti-
tution of the United States, written immediately
anterior to the adoption of the National Con-
stitution, thus concurs with Hamilton :
" But of all the words in all languages, perhaps there
hasbeen noncso much abused in this way as tho words
fwitlTc,Commonwealth, and Popular ise. In the
Rerui.i pubhearum Collcctio, of winch thcie arc fifty
and odd volumes, and many of them very incorrect,
France, Spain, and Portugal, the four great empires,
theBabvlonian, Persian, Creek, and Roman. and even
the German, arc all denominated Republics. —
John Adams's Worts, vol. V, p. 4o3.
In his old age, the patriarch expressed him-
self in the same sense and with equal forcc:
"The customary meaning of the words republic
and commonwealth have been infinite. They have been
irnnlied to every government under licaveu; that ot
Turkey and th/t of Spain, r well a*, that of Athens
andof Rome, of Geneva and San Marmo. —Ibul, vol.
X, p. 378; Letter of 31sf March, lbi .
- And then again he said:
"In some writing or another of mine, I happened
mrrentecalamo, to drop the phrase. The word "public,
is it is used, may signify anything, evers thing, or
nothing l'or this escape X have been pelted, for
Jwrntv or thirty vears, with as many stones as ever
wero thrown at St. Stephen, when St. Paul, hold the
clothes of the stoneis. But the aphorism is liteial,
st?ict solemn truth. To speak teehnica ly. or seien-
tificallv it you will, there are monarchical, aristocrat-
iraf ant democratical republics. Thcgovernment of
Grea?Britaifi and that of Poland are asfcp'ietly repub-
lics as that of llhode Island or Connecticut. -Ibid,
x, 370; Letter of JOih April, ISltf.
In this latter remark, Mr. Adams simply re-
peats what he saysin his treatise, when he calls
England and Poland '' monarchical or regal
republics:' (Ibid. vol. iv, p. 3o9 )
It is plain that our fathers, when they adopted
the"guarantee" of "a republican form of gov-
ernment" intended something certain, or which
at least, if not certain on the face, could be
made certain. But this excludes the author-
ity of incongruous and inconsistent examples.
They did not use words*to signify "anything,
everything, or nothing;" nor did they use words
which were as applicable to England and Po-
land as to the United States. Therefore, I can-
not err when I put aside all these examples,
which, however they may illustrate the defini-
tion of Republican Government in times past,
are utterly out of place as a guide to the inter-
pretation of our Constitution. Something bet-
ter must be found for this purpose; nor is it
wanting. .
I put aside also the definitions of European
writers and lexicographers anterior to the Con-
stitution ; for all of these have the vagueness
and uncertainty of political truth at that time
in Europe. Among these none is of higher
authority than Montesquieu, who brought to
political science study, genius, and a liberal
spirit. But even this great writer, who profited
by all his predecessors, quickens and elevates _
without furnishing a satisfactory guide. He
taught that'' virtue'' was the inspiring principle
of a Republic, and by "virtue," hesaysthathe
meant the love of country, which, he says, is the
love of Equality. This is beautiful; but, with
curious inconsistency, he proceeds to include
'' democracy'' and aristocracy'' under the
term "Republic," the former being where the
people in mass have the sovereign power and
the latter "where the sovereign power is m the
hands of a part of the people:' When defining
"democracy" lie expresses the importance of
the suffrage as one of the fundamentals of gov-
ernment, saying, among other things, that it
was as important to regulate by whom the suf-
frage should be given, as hi a monarchy to know
who is the monarch. (Esprit des Lois, liv. 11,
chap. 2 and 3.) But among all these glimpses
of truth there is no definition of " a Republican
form of government" which can help us essen-
tially in interpreting the Constitution. Surely
an aristocracy, "where the sovereign power is
in the hands of a part of the people," cannot
find a just place in our political system. It
There is also a plausible definition by Miller-,
the learned author of the work on the British
llliU ilJUDl  
may be a " Republican form ot government,
according to Montesquieu, but it cannot be
according to American institutions.
One of the ablest of the predecessors or Mon-
tesquieu, m modern times, was the brenchman,
John Bodin, who wrote nearly two centuries
earlier. He uses the term " Republic" as it is
used by the ancient writers, to embrace Mon-
archy, Aristocracy, and Democracy, which he
calls "three kinds of Republics" triuni re-
rum/publicarum yenera. Jf the Republic is in
the power of one, penes union, it is a monarchy;
if in the power of a few. penes paucos. it is an
aristocracy; if in the power of all. penes uni-
verses. it is a democracy. Proceeding further
ho says, that a Democracy is "where all or
the major part of all citizens, major pars om-
nium- cjrium, collected together, have the su-
preme power." (Bodin clc Ji-cpubhcct, lib. 11,
cap. 1.) Hero the philosopher plainly follows
the rule of jurisprudence in the case of corpo-
rations ; but this definition seems to sanction the
exclusion of a part of the citizens, less than a
majority, whileit is inadequate in other respects.
It says nothing of equality of rights or of that
Qi'cat touchstone of the republican idea, the de-
pendence of taxation upon representation.
There are other definitions which may lie put
aside Thus, fur instance, it has been often
said,"that a Republic is " a government of laws
and not of men." and this saymg found favor
"with some among our fathers, (.iohn Adams s
Works, vol. iv, p. 106.) Long before them
Aristotle had declared, that such a.government
" would be the kingdom of God." But this
condition, though marking an advanced degiee
of civilization and of course essentiaHo a Kc-
public, cannot be recognized as decisive. On
its face it is vague from its comprehensiveness.
It is enough to say that it would embrace iiuig-
land, whose government our lathers renounced
in order to build a Republic. And stiU further,
it would throw its shield over a government
which had ''framed iniquity into law. ihis
will not do.
UJ X U. WHV JLUXtMJ ^   O" —    
which there is no king or hereditary chief ma-
gistrate." (Miller's View, vol.- iii, p. 326.) But
this again must be rejected as leaving aris-
tocracies and oligarchies in the category of
republics. .
Sometimes it has been sai d, that a Govern-
ment with an elective Chief Magistrate is. a
Republic. Here again nothing is said of aris-
tocracy or oligarchy, which obviously may-co-
exist with an elective Chief Magistrate, as in
the case of Venice, where the elected Doge was
surrounded by an oligarchy of nobles; and in
the case of Holland, where the elected Stadt-
holder was a prince surrounded by princes.
But there are other instances which make this
definition unsatisfactory, if not absurd. The
Pope of. Rome is an elective Chief Magis-
trate ; so also is the Grand Lama; but surely
the States of the Church are not republican,
nor is Thibet.
Rejecting the definition founded on the elect-
ive character of the Chief Magistrate, we must
also reject another, founded on "the sover-
eignty of more than one man." It has been
said positively, by one who has written much on
this subject, that "the strict definition of a Re-
public is that in which the sovereignty resides
in more than one man." (John Adams's Works,
vol. x, p. 378.) But this strict definition will
embrace aristocracies and oligarchi.es.
T conclude these rejected definitions with
that of Dr. Johnson in his Dictionary, which
appeared before American Independence:
" Republic!:; (1)— Commonwealth, state ill which the
rtniver is lodoed in more than one. (2) Common interest;
the public!:."
All these definitions are as little to the pur-
pose as the "vulgar error," chronicled by Sir
Thomas Browne, that storks lived only in re-
publics, or the saying of Rousseau, at a later
day, that a society of gods would govern them-
selves democratically, or the remark of John
Adams, that "all good government is, and
must be republican." It is evident that we
must turn elsewhere for the illumination which
we need. If others thus far have failed, it is
because they have looked across the sea instead .
of looking at home, and have searched foreign
history and example, instead of simply.recog-
nizing the history and example of then- own
country. They have imported inapplicable
and uncertain "definitions, forgetting that the
Fathers, by positive conduct, by solemn dec-
larations, "by declared opinions, and by public
acts, all in harmony and constituting one over-
whelming testimony, have exhibited their idea
of a Republican Government in a way which is
at once applicable and certain. They are the
natural interpreters of their own Constitution.
Mr. Fox, the eminent English statesman, ex-
claimed on one occasion in debate that, if by
some interposition of Divine Providence all the
wise men who ever lived in the world were as-
sembled together, they could not invent even
a tolerable Constitution ; meaning, of course,
that a Constitution must be derived from habits
and convictions, and not from any invention.
'There is sound sense in the remark ;. and it is
in this spirit that I turn from a discussion which
has only this value, that it shows how _ little
there is in the past to interpret the meaning ot
the Fathers.
TRUE SOURCE OF DEFINITION.
Every Constitution embodies the principles of
its framers. It is a transcript of their minds.
If its meaning in any place is open to doubt, or
if words are used which seem to have no fixed
signification, we cannot err if we turn to the
framers ; and their authority increases in pro-
portion to the evidence which they have left oa
the question. By a " republican form of govern-
ment" our fathers plainly intended that Gov-
ernment which embodied the principles for
which they had struggled. Now, if it appears,
that, through years of controversy they haa in-
sisted on certain principles as vital to tree gov-
