1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2701
and to subsidize all Europe against him. Had
she been a merely agricultural country he
might have portioned out Europe as he pleased
among the members of his family.
But let me illustrate the wealth and power
which manufactures give to a nation in mod-
ern times by reference to the sources of our
own internal revenue. These sources will show
at once the superiority of a manufacturing, as
regards the sinews of war, over a merely agri-
cultural people. In round numbers, the receipts
of internal revenue for the fiscal year 186-3 were
>$211,000,000. Of this amount the New Eng-
land States, together with the sea-board States
of New York, Pennsylvania, and Now Jersey,
contributed nearly §1-30,000,000, while all the
western States and Territories, including those
on the Pacific slope, contributed but about
$49,000,000. And in the western States and
Territories those portions devoted to manufac-
tures and commerce contributed the great bulk
of the revenue. Thus one district in Illinois
contributed more than all the others. And so
of other States. Here is food for earnest re-
flection. If manufactures can contribute such
immense sums for purposes of the highest pub-
lic good—the preservation of the life of the
nation—how much can they not contribute for
purposes of private use and benefit? Besides
contributing thus largely to the public neces-
sity, manufacturing districts also absorb a much
larger proportional amount of the national cir-
culation, thus not only saving interest to the
Government, but also, by increasing the ave-
nues of industry, furnishing employment to
thousands of people. To illustrate, let me
take the boot and shoe trade of Massachusetts.
The capital invested in this trade last year was
S10.007,474 : the gross value of stock used
825,040.544; the value of boots and shoes man-
ufactured $-52,91-3,245; the number of male
persons employed in manufacture 42,626 ; of
females 12,534 ; total 5-5,160. These persons
manufactured during the year 7,249,021 pairs
of boots and 24,020,000 pairs of shoes.
Bat this boot and shoe trade is but one of
those important branches of manufacture in
New England which have contributed so much
to the wealth, prosperity, and happiness of
her people. Some twenty-six of the leading
cities and towns of New England produce
products valued at from one to thirty-sis mil-
lion dollars each, and give employment to a
large number of persons, male and female.
Tt is calculated that the consumption in the
United States of iron, steel, copper, lead, zinc,
woolen and cotton goods, leather, and glass is
not less than ?1.090,000.000 in value. In afew
years this consumption will be increased one
half. Now. suppose we were compelled to pur-
chase all this vast amount of production from
abroad, it is evident that it would exceed all
the gold, cotton, and all other commodities an-
nually exported, besides leaving us in debt for
over one half the amount. But we should also
be compelled to pay greatly enhanced prices for
the articles imported, as the demand would be
materially increased, while Great Britain and
France would obtain complete control of our
markets. Fortunately for us, however, the for-
eign imports for 1864-65 did not much exceed
$100,000,000 in value. For 1865-66 I regret
these imports will probably exceed double this
amount: but should our manufacturing estab-
lishments be broken up, the effect upon the
country would be fearful to contemplate. In
some parts of the West agricultural products
could not be given away; wheat would decline
to twenty-live cents per bushel; wages would
fall in proportion ; the fate of Ireland, Turkey,
and Spain, which are reduced to mere depen-
dencies of the wealthy manufacturers of Great
Britain, would be ours. The public generally
are not aware that nearly ninety per cent, of
the manufactured goods consumed in this coun-
try are the product of the United States. If
they were, the freetrader's cry, that protection
is obtained at the expense of the consumer,
would be robbed of half its terrors. The truth
is the foreign import, like our foreign export
of agricultural products into Great Britain, is,
at least, in periods of normal trade and com-
merce, but a tithe of the home consumption.
It serves, however, to give the foreign manufac-
turer a lever by which he can operate inju-
riously on our home market; at one time low-
ering prices to a point entirely unremunerative
to the native manufacturer, and then, when
that manufacturer is compelled to succumb to
the pressure, raising them to figures far higher
than those from which they had fallen. In this
way the foreign manufacturer and capitalist
extracts the loss he had been at in the effort to
break down the home manufacturer and capi-
talist from the pocket of the home consumer.
In a few months in this manner he may de-
stroy the labors of years, throw thousands out
of employment, and cause a depression of our
home industry which will take years to recover
from, a destruction of capital which it will take
a decade to recreate, and a di&oiganization of
labor which may never be restored.
It is the internal trade, 'created by our man-
ufactures, that builds up the country and unites
every distant portion of it as with hooks of
steel. Behold our vast network of railroads ;
see the amount of business performed by these
roads; the immense number of persons to
whom they give employment, from the arti-
ficer who builds the complicated engines and
magnificent passenger cars to the laborer who
constructs the track and keeps it in repair.
Then glance at our river and lake steamboats,
our canal-barges, our coastwise steamers and
ships of all kinds. What is our foreign trade,
extensive as it is, and attracting as it does the
admiration of the world, to all this traffic, in-
volving an outlay of thousands of millions and
giving employment to hundreds of thousands
of industrious and enterprising people? But
nearly all this great travel and traffic is sup-
ported by our liome manufactures. It is well
known that a vast amount of the immense ag-
ricultural products which center in Chicago,
Milwaukee, Detroit, Buffalo, and other inland
cities never reaches the sea board, but is man-
ufactured or consumed at variouspoints on the
route. Thus New England and Pennsylvania,
and even New York, are better markets for
the West than Great.Britain or France. In
the case of these latter countries other nations
enter into competition with our products shipped
to them, which compels shippers to regulate
their prices accordingly. On the other hand,
the West haii no competitor iu our home mai-
kets save Canada, and I trust the repeal of the
late reciprocity treaty will do away with the
injurious effects of that also. But even the
expense of shipment from the West to the East
eats up the profits of the agriculturist. During
the past year corn has been consumed for fuel
in portions of Illinois and Iowa. Does not
such a fact prove the absolute necessity of a
home market for agricultural products and
its great benefit in increasing the purchasing
power of a community? How immensely is the
purchasing power of Pennsylvania increased
by her manufacture of iron and her production
of coal? How much poorer would she not be
were she compelled to import all these vast
amounts of the prime necessities of modern
civilization? Would not her furnaces die out,
her railroads become useless, her great cities
decay, and the entire community tend toward
barbarism? But what would take place in
Pennsylvania in the event of the cessation of
her iron and coal trade would only be a sam-
ple of what might be seen all over the United
States were our manufacturing industry pros-
trated at the feet of foreign competition and
foreign capital. We must preserve this great
internal trade and industry, built up at the cost
of so much blood and treasure, from the com-
petition of the cheap labor of Europe.
Free trade presents to the American people
but two eventualities. Either we must, under
its influence, see our manufactures destroyed,
or we must reduce the wages of labor to the
European standard, in the first event we would
place not only ourselves, but the foreign labor-
ers, at the mercy of the capitalists of Europe.
Iu the second, we would introduce into Amer-
ican social life that degradation of labor which
is little better than slavery itself. America
would then cease to be the refuge of the op-
pressed of every clime, while tho gulf, at all
times, unfortunately even in the most favored
countries, separating the rich from the poor,
would be so widened that mutual hate and dis-
trust would inflame men's minds and create
materials which the political demagogue would
be constantly farming into the flame of revolu-
tion. In a country and political community in
which universal suffrage is the acknowledged
inherent right of the people, a state of things
in which the interests of labor and capital
would be at variance precisely in the ratio that
the numbers on one side and the amount on
the other increased, and in which the masses
had the means of destroying the existing order
in their own hands, the political condition
would be fearful to contemplate. On the other
hand, the only hope for the continuance of
republican institutions lies in such an adjust-
ment of the rewards of industry that the laborer
shall not only be properly compensated, but be
left free to select that employment which is ia
consonance with the bent of his genius. E-, "ry
man is born with an aptitude for some partic-
ular pursuit in life. It is this diversity which
tends to that variety, as necessary in the econ-
omy of artificial or industrial life as it is in the
economy of nature itself. All men cannot be
farmers or physicians or lawyers. On the other
hand, the more we are able to vary the indus-
try of a country the greater the number of
avenues to employment which we provide. In
old, agricultural communities manufactures
must be created for the employment of the
surplus population or that population must
vegetate in idleness, degenerate into viciou3
habits, or emigrate to other countries. This
is but the history of the social life of every
people. Now, the factory would not only keep
the young men at home, but also create a mar-
ket for the products of the old. 1 hus the com-
munity would progress toward the goal of social
existence, which is when the three great indus-
trial interests of life—agriculture, manufac-
tures, and commerce—are so blended and
harmonized as to act and react upon one
another, and thus become so mutually depend-
ent that an injury done to one would be felt as
an injury to the whole.
But by this comparison between a merely
agricultural country and one iu which manufac-
tures have been so developed as to add im-
mensely to its wealth and prosperity, I do not
mean to be understood as at all disparaging the
relative importance of agriculture itself. On
the contrary, I regard agriculture as the parent
and basis of all other industries and arts, which
repose upon it as the child upon the bosom of
its mother, and draw their sustenance there-
from. The liaruy tillers of the soil also not
only sustain but help to save the country. No
other branch of industry, in any nation, can
send so manv or such stalwart men to the field
of battle, while from the ranks of the farming
classes the cities and towns are constantly re-
cruited with fresh material to replace the worn-
out toilers in all professions and trades, in the
arts as well as the sciences, in law as well as
medicine. It is only that form of society I de-
plore which rests content in an undeveloped
national condition, entirely constituted of per-
sons devoted to but one branch of industry, and
that but very imperfectly organized. For be it
noted how the inventions of the mechanic and
the information of the merchant tend to develop
the resources by which the agriculturist adds
to the wealth of a country. How far ahead is
the fanner of the present day. in all that regards
the application ot science to his peculiar branch
of industry, of the farmer of a half or even quar-
ter of a century ago. During the intervening
period some of the most important agricultural
implements have been invented and jxit to prac-
tical use. The reaping, threshing, and other
machines now add the labor of hundreds ot
thousands of men to the producing power oi
the country, while improved machinery of all
kinds helps to lessen the toil and increase the
