678
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
ernment even to the extent of encountering the
mother country in war; that afterward, on
solemn occasions, they had heralded these prin-
ciples to the world as ''self-evident truths;"
that also, in declared opinions, they had sus-
tained these principles ; and that, in public acts,
they had embodied these principles—then is it
beyond dispute, that these principles must have
entered into the idea of that government which
they took pains to place under the * *' guarantee'5
of the United States. But all these things can
be shown unanswerably.
In these words of hypothesis, I have already
foreshadowed' the four different heads under
which these principles may be seen : First, as
asserted by the Fathers throughout the long
revolutionary controversy which culminated in
war ; Secondly, as announced in solemn decla-
rations ) Thirdly, as sustained in declared opin-
ions 5 and Fourthly, as embodied in public acts.
PRINCIPLES ASSISTED BY OT'R FATHERS PRECED-
ING THE REVOLUTION.
(1.) I begin with the principles asserted by
our fathers throughout the protracted contro-
versy that preceded the devolution. If Sena-
tors ask why our fathers struggled so long in
controversy with the mother country, and then
went forth to battle, they will find that it was
to establish the very principles for which 1 now
contend. To secure the natural rights of men,
and .especially to vindicate the controlling
maxim that there can bo no taxation without
representation, they fought with argument and
then with aims. Had these been conceded at
that time there would have been no Lexington
or Bunker Hill, and the Colonies would have
continued yet longer under transatlantic nil".
The first, object proposed was not independence
but the establishment of these principles : and
when at last independence was proposed, it
was because it became apparent that these
principles could be secured in no other way.
Therefore, the triumph of independence was
the triumph of these principles, which neces-
sarily entered into and became the animating
soul of the Republic which was then and there
born. The evidence is complete, and it' 1 dwell
on it with some minuteness, it is because of its
decisive character on the present, occasion.
The great eontruvevscy opened with the pre-
tension on the part of Barlianwut to tax I he
colonies. Tins pre" nsion was lir.st disclosed
to Benjamin Franklin as e irly as 1733-. it was
at the lime a profound srerei ; but this patriot,
philosopher, whose nu'e iulelll >ei;ce embraced
the natural laws of government not kssthan
those of Fcienec, in a few tnaslcrlv sentences
exposed the injustice of taxation without rep-
resentation. For a moment the ministry shrank
back; but at last, when the power of France
had been humbled, and the colonics were no
longer needed as allies in war, (.Jeorge CJren-
vilh', Mind to principle and only peeing an in-
crease of rcv.-nue, renewed i he irrational < Iaim.
The colonics were to be taxed by the Pailiament
in which they had no representation. Two mil-
lion and a half of people—for such was the
colonial population then—were to pay taxes
without any voice in determining them. The
men of that day listened to the tidings with dis-
may. They saw in this ministerial outrage the
overthrow of their liberties, whether founded
on natural rights or on t he rights of British sub-
jects. In their eoneiu-uons (hey were confirmed
by two names of authority in British history—
Algernon^idimyand' olm i.oeke, each ofwhom
ha<t solemnly asserted those liberties which were
now in danger. One Inid borne his testimony
on the scuHold: tin* other in exile.
Kidney, in his Discourses on Government,
did not hesitate to say "that God has left to
nations the liberty of setting up such Govern-
ments a-j best pleased themselves," and then
again, ''ihatall jun niagis:tratieai power is from
the people." (Discourses, p. :]( , 1-J.) Such
words were calculated to strengthen the senti-
ment of human freedom ; but it was Locke who
gare^ ioruial expression to the very principles
which were now assailed. In a famous passage
of his work on Civil Government, written dur-
ing his exile in Holland, this eminent English-
man bore his testimony thus:
"It is true government cannot be supported with-
out great charge, and it is fit every one who enjoys
his share of the protection should pay out of his estate
his proportion for the maintenance of it. But still it
must be with his own consent: i. e., the consent of
the majority, gimnq it cither Ly themselves or their rep-
resentatives ehosca by them: for, if any one shall claim
a power to lay and levy taxes on the people by his
own authority and uithmU such consent of the people,
ho thereby invades the fundamental law of property
and subverts the end of government; for what prop-
erty have I in that which another may by right take,
when he pleases, to himself?'1—Locke's Civil Govern-
ment, book ii, ch. 7; eh. 14.
Hero is a plain enunciation of two capital
truths: fust, that all political society stands
only on the consent of the governed; and, sec-
ondly, that taxation without representation is
an invasion of fundamental right. It was these
truths that our fathers embraced in the contro-
versy before them, and these same truths,
happily characterized byllallam as ''fertile of
great revolutions and perhaps pregnant with
more,'' are as fertile and as pregnant now as
then.
Unquestionably, Sidney and Locke exercised
more influence over the popular mind, preced-
ingthe revolution, than any other writers. They
were constantly quoted, and their names were
h&'d in reverence. But their authority has not
ceased. As they spoke to our fathers, they now
speak to us. tiicut pafribtw, sic nobis.
The cause of human liberty, in this great con-
troversy, found a voice in James Otis, a young
Uuver of eloquence, learning, and courage,
whose early words, like the notes of the morn-
ing bugle mingling wit h t he dawn, awakened the
whole country. Asked by the merchants of Bos-
tou to speak at the bar against writs of assist-
ance, which fad been issued to enforce ancient
Aetsol'I'ai liamenf, he spoke, not only as a law-
yer, but as a patriot, llis speech was the most
important, that, down to that occasion, had ever
been made on this side of the ocean. An cmi-
lieuI contemporary, who was present, says,
" No harangue of Demosthenes or Cicero ever
had sach effect upon the globe as this speech."
(John Adams's Works, vol. x, page 233.) It
was the harbinger of a new era. For five hours
the brilliant orator unfolded the character of
these Acts of 1'arliament; for live hours he
held the court-room in attentive and astonished
admiration : but his ell'ort ascended into states-
manship, when, aftci showing tbatthe colonists
were without repiesentation in Parliament, lie
cried out, that, notwithstanding this exclusion,
l'ailiament laid undertaken "to impose taxes
and enormous taxes, burdensome, oppressive
tuxes, ruinous, intolerable faxes," and, then,
glowing with a generous indignation at this in-
i justice, he launched that thunderbolt of polit-
ical truth, '■ Tavation without representation is
j Tyranny.'' Fi inn the narrow court-room where
\ he spoke, the thiuiilei bolt, parsed, smiling and
; blasting the intolerable pretension. It was the
idea of .1 olm I <ockc ; but tlx1 fervid orator, with
tongue of flame, had given to it the intensity of
his own gt'niu-i. lie lu:d found it in a book of
philosophy ; but ho s< m it forth as a winged
liuvsongor. blazing in the sky.
John Adams, who, as a young man just
admitted to the bar, was present at this scene,
dwells on it often with sympathetic power.
There, in the old Town House of Boston, sat
the five judges of t he province, with Hutchinson
as Chief Justice, in robes of scailct. with cam-
bric bauds and judicial wigs ; and there too in
gowns, bauds, and tie-wigs were the barristers.
Conspicuous on the wall were full-length por-
traits of two British Monarehs, Charles 11 and
James il : while in the corners were the like-
nesses of Massachusetts Governors. In this
presence the great oration was delivered. The
patriot lawyer had refused compensation. "In
Mich a cau^e." said he, "1 despise all fees."
He spoke for bis country and for mankind.
Firmly he planted himself on the rights of man,
which he insisted were, by the everlasting law
of nature, inherent and inalienable ; and these
rights he nobly proclaimed, were common to
all, without distinction of color. To suppose
them surrendered m any other way than by
equal rules and general comcnt was to suppose
men idiots or madmen, whose acts are not. bind-
ing. But he especially tlew at two arguments
of tyranny: first, that the colonists were ''vir-
tually" represented; and secondly, that there
was such a difference between direct and in-
direct taxation, that while the former might be
questionable, the. latter was not. To these two
apologies he replied: first, that no such phrase
as "virtual representation" was known in law
or constitution—that it is altogether a subtlety
and an illusion, wholly unfounded and absurd
—and that we must not bo cheated by any such
phantom or any other fiction of law or politics,
or any monkish trick of deceit and hypocrisy;
and, then, in the second place, he said with the
same crushing force, that, in the absence of
representation, all taxation, whether direct or
indirect, whether internal or external, wdiether
on land or on trade, was equally obnoxious to
the same unhesitating condemnation. The
offcct of this effort was electric. The judges
were stunned into silence, and postponed their
judgment. The people were aroused to a frenzy
of patriotism. "American Independence,"
says John Adams, in the record of his impres-
sions, "was then and there born ; the seeds of
patriots and heroes were then and there sown,
to defend the vigorous youth. livery man of
a crowded audience appeared to go away as I
did, ready to take arms against writs of assist-
ance. 'Then and there was the first scene of
the first act of opposition to the arbitrary claims
of Great Britain. Then and there the child
Independence was born." (J. Adams's Works,
vol. x, p. '2i7; see also pp. 29ij-!57o; Tudor'a
Life of Otis, pp. 71-77.) But this great birth
is inseparably associated with the principle,
then and there declared, that "Taxation with-
out representation is Tyranny."
From this time forward Otis dedicated him-
self singly to the causc he had so bravely up-
held, and the popular heart clove to him. He
became the favorite of his fellow-countrymen.
His arguments were repeated; his words were
gratefully adopted, and the saying, "Taxation
without representation is tyranny," became a
maxim of patriotism. In May 1701, only a few
weeks after this utterance, lie was chosen a rep-
resentative of Boston, in the Legislature, by an
almost unanimous vote. The Crown officers
were dismayed by this most significant election,
and one of them, speaking with prophetic lam-
entation, said that "it would shake the prov-
ince to its foundation," on which John Adams
remarked, many years later when some of its
results wore already visible, " That election has
shaken two continents and will shake four."
(fbiil, p. 218.) Of' course this was simply be-
cause it affirmed and invigorated a practical truth
of government, by which all the people arc lifted
to political power. At hisnew postof duty, Otis
became the acknowledged leafier, constant, fer-
vid, eloquent, and according to his own lan-
guage "daring to speak plain English." While
still declaring an unhesitating loyalty to the
Crown,and even pledging "the last pennyand
the last drop of blood rather than, by any back-
wardness, his Majesty's measures should beem-
barrassed," he made hast efoannounce in words,
where humor blends with truth, "that God
made all men naturally equal; that flic ideas of
earthly superiority are educational and not in-
nate ; that no government has a right to make
hobby-horses, asses, and ."laves of the subject,
nature having made sufficient of 1 he two former
for all the lawful purposes of man, from the
harmless peasant in the field to tlie most refined
politician in the cabinet; but none of the last,
which infallibly proves they are unnecessary."
But the case would have been imperfectly stated,
if the patriot representative had not once more
cried out against taxation without representation
and warned against the calamities which must
follow from this unquestionable tyranny. This
early debate is preserved in a pamphlet, printed
in 1702, and entitled "A Vindication of the
House of representatives of Massachusetts Bay,
by James Otis, E.^q.," which we are told, by an
eminent authority, contains, m solid substance,
all that is to be found iu the Declaration yl
