262
APPENDIX TO THE CONG-SESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 11,
Ho. of Keps.
Contested Election—Mr. Paine.
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
establishments. Each house is provided with
a surf-boat., a life-car, which is a metallic ellip-
tical-shaped vessel, holding six passengers,
who lie down, when the hatch is fastened and
the car thus made impervious to water. At
each end of the car is a large iron ring, and
through thom runs a cable extending from the
vessel to the shore, and on this the car plays
through the surf, being pulled backward and
forward by a rope attached to each end alter-
nately by the crew and wreckers. Communi-
cation is established by a ball thrown from a
mortar. _ To the ball is attached a small line,
with which a cable is drawn to the vessel. On
this the car runs a truck, or broad-fello wed beach
wagon, to convey the surf-boat, cars, and other
"necessary appliances to the point of danger.
Blue lights, used to notify the wrecked of ap-
proaching aid or to warn them of a dangerous
point of shore; lanterns, axes, spades, speak-
ing-trumpets, lines, ropes, cables, life-preserv-
ers, a stove, and a full supply of dry wood cut
up, completo the furniture of a station-house.
A superintendent is required to make a monthly
inspection of each house, to report if any repairs
be necessary, as well as other matters of inter-
est. A keeper for each house receives $200 a
year, who employs without expense to the Gov-
ernment a crew of eight thorough watermen
and skilled in wrecking. So far as is possible,
these men are always ready for emergencies.
The present superintendent has called my
attention to the absolute necessity of doubling
the number of stations and fixtures between
the points designated in the resolution. Being
five or six miles apart, it frequently happens
that the opportunity to save life and property
is lost by the time necessarily consumed in
transporting the clumsy and heavy apparatus
over a sandy and irregular beach, in the midst
of a blinding storm, it maybe, and not unfrc-
quently in the night season. If the number is
increased, as suggested, no need will ever exist
for further extension. I trust the committee
are sufficiently impressed with the value and
importance of the system to appropriate the
requisite sum and to provide for the salaries of
the keepers; and I am fully persuaded that
no similar amount can bo disposed of in any
way to accomplish greater good to humanity.
During the_ existence of the system nearly, if
not quite, four thousand lives and much prop-
erty have been saved through its agency. Most
noticeable among all the cases was that of the
emigrant ship Ayrcshire, wrecked on the coast
of New Jersey, whose four hundred and one
passengers were safely landed in a fearful storm
in the Government life-cars, and during the
subsequent storms not a few lives were saved
in the same manner. It is desirable that the
crews who endanger their lives shall be paid,
and especially rewarded for any acts of dan-
gerous and successful duty in saving life and
property.
Such services have hitherto been rendered
by these gallant men without pay or reward,
and so palpable an injustice should no longer
disgrace this Government. The present em-
barrassed condition of our finances may deter
members from making any new source of ex-
penditure, but I beg them to remember that
these services have been rendered many years
without salary or any recognition from the
Government; and I trust that when the propo-
sition is made to reward them it will not be
withheld. I desire to give notice that at the
proper time I shall make an effort to provide
for them suitable remuneration. My constitu-
ents have ever been on the alert to save life
and property from the^ dangers of shipwreck,
and ask no compensation for acts of humanity,
and desire no relief from its burdens; but they
should not be expected to keep up organiza-
tions for that purpose, and to be always ready
to afford relief, and receive no consideration
for their services. I hope, also, that the appro-
priation asked for repairing and relighting the
light-house on Tucker's Beach, on the coast
of New Jersey, will be made. This light has
been discontinued since the year 1859. This
light-house is located on Tucker's Beach, near
Little Egg Harbor inlet, which leads into a
large and commodious bay and harbor, ac-
knowledged to be the best on the coast, there
being about fifteen feet of water on the bar. It
is frequented by all classes of coasting vessels,
it not Deing unusual to see fifty sail at anchor
here; and in the judgment of sensible sea-
men and coast traders the relighting is neces-
sary to make this bay more useful as a har-
bor, it being difficult to find the inlet on a dark
and stormy night without this light. I trust
the small appropriation asked for may not be
withheld.
Contested Election.
SPEECH OF HON. II. E. PAINE,
OF WISCONSIN,
In the House of Representatives,
July 11, 1866.
The House having under consideration the fol-
lowing resolution, reported from the Committee of
Elections—
Resolved, That Hon. John L. Dawson is entitled to
retain his seat as Representative in the Thirty-Jwnth
Consress from the twenty-first district of the State
of Pennsylvania-
Mr. PAINE said:
Mr. Speaker : There was no minority report
submitted in this case. It would seem, therefore,
to be unnecessary for the committee to consume
any time in the discussion of the report which
they have submitted; and I would not occupy
the attention of the House for a single minute
iu the argument of the case were it not for
the fact that my colleague on the committee,
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Sco-
field,] and other members of the House from
that State, have intimated a desire to debate
the resolutions which have been presented,
and to advocate the claims of the contestant
to the disputed seat on this floor. It becomes
necessary, therefore, that an opportunity should
be afforded to them to present the reasons
which, in their minds, are strong enough to
satisfy them that the report made in the case is
incorrect, and that the contestant should have
thereat. I shall, therefore, be obliged to ex-
plain to the House somewhat in detail the
grounds upon which the majority of the com-
mittee have based the report which they have
submitted. There are other reasons, which
will appear as I proceed with the statement of
the case, why this discussion on the part of
the committee may be carried to some length.
This was a case in which the soldiers of the
State of Pennsylvania, under a law peculiar to
that State, were allowed, while in actual ser-
vice in the field, to vote for members of Con-
gress ; and the dispute between the contestant
and the sitting member hinges for the most
part upon the soldiers' vote. I will state the
points which were made by the contestant.
Ho alleged, in his notice of contest, that the
return judges of Yrestmoreland county unlaw-
fully rejected certain military returns certified
to them by the prothonotary of that county;
that the same judges omitted to include in their
canvass certain other military returns for that
county, filed in the office of the secretary of
the Commonwealth ; that fraudulent and illegal
TQtes were east for John L. Dawson at certain i
polls within the district; that the return judges
of Indiana and Fayette counties omitted to
compute certain military returns for those coun-
ties, filed in the office of the secretary of the
Commonwealth ; and that, of the aggregate of
votes, Smith Fuller had 11,008 and John L.
Dawson 10,848.
He claimed, in argument, that 307 lawful
military votes were returned, which were not
embraced in the canvass of the district board,
and that of these votes 254 were cast for Smith
Fuller, and 113 for John L. Dawson.
He also claimed in argument that, through
an error in the computation of the return
judges, John L. Dawson received 3 instead of
2 votes from company E, one hundred and
fifth regiment; that in footing up the votes of
Mr. Dawson they also made a mistake of 1
in his favor; and that if these corrections were
made in Mr. Dawson's majority of 125 and the
military votes given in the foregoing table cor-
rectly counted, the result would be as follows:
Majority of uncounted military votes for Smith
filler -in
>rrected majority of John L. Dawson 123
Majority for contestant 18
He also insisted in the argument that if the
case should be decided upon technical grounds,
eleven specified military returns, giving Mr.
Dawson a majority of 31 votes,-and alleged to
have been actually included in the canvass,
would be rejected, and Mr. Dawson's official
majority of 125 thereby reduccd to the extent
of 81 votes.
He also insisted that the law was disregarded
in the canvass of the home vote of Westmore-
land county, of which Mr. Dawson received a
majority of 1,^11; that the returns of this vote
were characterized by irregularities and frauds;
and finally that the sitting member had in his
answer failed to deny the averments of the
notice, particularly the avernment "that of the
votes cast at the October election, 1864, Fuller
received ll,068votesandDawsonlO,848," and
could not, therefore, dispute them in this eon-
test.
These were the positions taken by the con-
testant. On the other hand, the sitting mem-
ber, in his answer and argument, insisted that
the notice of contest was not served within the
time_limited by law; that it was never served
on him personally or otherwise; that the con-
testant, on the first argument, abandoned all
the averments of the notice except the first,
second, fifth, sixth, and eleventh; that the first
was alone entitled to consideration, and would
not, if true, reduce the majority of the sitting
member below 50 ; that the second, fifth, and
sixth averments were bad, and the proof re-
specting returns not received by the proper
officer before issuing the certificate of election
insufficient, because it was neither alleged nor
shown that the returns in the office of the sec-
retary of the Commonwealth had been "bona
fide forwarded by the judges in the manner
prescribed by lawthat the eleventh was not
a particular specification of any ground of con-
test and was insufficient; that if sufficient it
was not sustained by the proofs; that even if
an unrestricted reexamination of the entire
vote should be made, the sitting member would
nevertheless retain his seat; that it was neither
proven that all the votes lawfully polled were
produced in evidence, nor that those produced
in evidence were counted by the return judges;
that the committee could only count those votes
which were received too late to be counted by
the return judges, and which, if received in
time, couklhave been properly included in their
returns; that certain fraudulent votes were east
and counted for the contestant; and that cer-
tain '' false, fraudulent, imperfect, and illegal
returns" were made in his favor and included
in the canvass of the district board; and, finally,
that no lawful votes were excluded from that
canvass.
Mr. Speaker, in what I shall have to say to
the House on this case, I shall not consider
the points which were made by the sitting mem-
ber. I shall only consider those points upon
which the contestant relied before the commit-
tee ; and of these there were two, upon which
the contest before the committee turned. In
the fffst place, the contestant insisted that cer-
tain votes which were cast by the soldiers, and
which if counted would have been favorable to
him, were not counted. And, secondly, he in-
sisted in the argument, although he made no
such point in his notice of contest, that certain
