2702
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
productive forces of the husbandman. And
are not these inventions and new mechanical
applicances the products of the manufacturing
industry of the country? And do they notadd
a thousand fold to the power and importance
of agriculture; to its power as a great national
interest; to its importance as shedding luster
upon those engaged in it, and adding millions
to the wealth of the people? Agriculture acts
upon all othfer industrial interests; but these
latter, in order to the perfection of national
industry, should in turn react upon it. Agri--
culture is the sun around which manufactures
and commerce revolve. But the sun must have
its planets and satellites, or its genial influences,
and all the blessings of its light and heat must
be dissipated in the vacuum of an irresponsive
space. In a true industrial system, however,
agriculture gives sustenance to manufactures
and commerce, while the latt'er in turn con-
sume her products and increase her powers of
production indefinitely. It will thus be seen
that the interests of agriculture, manufactures,
and commerce are so mutually blended as to
be utterly inseparable, and that he who dispar-
ages one at the same time disparages all.
I have thus, in this imperfect manner, en-
deavored to set forth some of the benefits of
manufactures to the people and the nation.
Among other advantages, I find that manufac-
tures create a home market, diversify the prod-
ucts of industry, increase the avenues of labor,
develop internal and external trade and com-
merce, add to the amount of revenue, and form
a basis for the absorption of a large volume of
national circulation, thus internally and ex-
ternally strengthening the national body, en-
abling it to preserve order and promote indus-
try at home, and to make itself feared as well
as respected abroad. To foster and protect an
interest fraught with such blessings to the peo-
ple should be the aim of every patriot. And
fortunately the late war, so costly in blood
and treasure to the country, has put it in the
power of the national Government, without
injury to other interests, to place the manu-
factures of the country on a basis of enduring
prosperity. This can be done by so appor-
tioning taxation that its principal burdens shall
be made to fall upon the foreign manufacturer
and on the realized wealth of the country.
Thus of the immense revenue raised in Great
Britain, a country most clamorous for free trade
as respects other nations, the proportions are
as follows:
Per cent.
Customs   32
Excise 28
Stamps 13i
Landand assessed taxes  5
Income and property 11
Post office  5v
Miscellaneous      5
The revenue commission laid clown this
principle when it urged—
"The abolition or speedy reduction of all taxes
which tend to check development, and the retention
of all those which, like the income tax, fall chiefly
on realized wealth."
Previous to the war our tariffs were of course
imposed without reference to an internal taxa-
tion, which did not then exist. Since the war
this system has been continued, notwithstand-
ing that the principal burden of taxation now
falls upon the manufacturing industry of the
country. Thus the internal revenue raised dur-
ing the fiscal year of 1865 was $211,129,529;
while the revenue derived from imports was
but $84,928,260. For the present fiscal year
the estimate of internal revenue amounts to
the large sum of $272,000,000. Now, it is
evident that to expect the import duties to in-
crease in like proportion at present tariff rates
would be to expect that our home manufac-
tures would be overwhelmed with foreign im-
portations. For be it remembered, (and I
desire to draw particular attention to this point,)
while the internal tax, principally borne by our
manufacturers, as I have shown, has been
added to the burdens of the manufacturer, the
tariff' on imports has not been proportionally
increased. By this means the benefit derived
from the tariff to the manufacturer is alto-
gether nullified by the internal tax on articles
the manufacture of the country. To such a
height has this grievance risen that there is
scarcely a manufacturing interest in the coun-
try which has not its representatives at your
doors praying for the reduction or removal of
the burdens under which it labors. To such
an extent have these burdens reached that I
very much.fear the result will be to totally
crush out a great many branches of manufac-
tures now in their infancy and struggling for
existence. Give such branches relief and they
will in a few years be placed on a footing of
prosperity and permanance which will bear a
taxation that would now sweep them out of the
field of their operations. In this connection
I beg to read the following letter from a prom-
inent iron manufacturing firm in my district.
It is only a sample of hundreds of the same
description from manufacturers all over the
country:
Trentost, Jfnw Jersey, February 21,1866.
Dear Sir: Facts in regard to the state of business
are worth athousand theories, when you legislate in
regard to the tariff and the internal revenue system.
You know how long we have been engaged in the
manufacture of iron at Trenton, and that we have
both capital and experience. ^During the last six
months of 1865, the price of gold was nearly uniform,
so that no profit or loss occurred from the fluctua-
tions in the cost of importing foreign iron.
The result of our six months' operations at Trenton
was a loss of §33,702 34, without charging any inter-
est on capital, or any allowance for our personal ser-
vices. In other words there was an actual loss of
capital to the amountof $33,702 14.
During the six months wepaid on the work turned
out at Trenton internal taxes to the amount of $27,-
177 53. Therefore it is plain that all the internal
revenue derived from our business was taken out of
capital, and was in effect actually destructive of our
means to carry on business. If no internal taxeshad
been 1 evied there would still have been a loss of nearly
seven thousand dollars.
It is obvious, therefore, that we must shut up our
works unless either the tariff on foreign iron is in-
creased, or the internal revenue duties repealed, or
both modified so that it is possible to conduct busi-
ness without loss.
The loss on our product amounted to about six dol-
lars per ton, which will be a fair guide in adjusting
the new duties. Either the foreign duty must be
raised six dollars per ton, or the internal revenue
duties reduced six dollars per ton, or thetwo systems
so adjusted that the difference between the foreign
duty and the internal duty shall be six dollars per
ton greater than it now is, or we must stop business.
You are at liberty to use thisletterin anydesiiable
way, and we ask that the facts may be laid bofore the
Committee of Ways and Means in order that the ex-
act truth from a responsible source may be known.
With groat respect, we have the honor to be, very
truly, your obedient servants,
COOPER, HEWITT & CO.
Hon. W. A. Newell, M. C., Washington city, D. C.
In view of the statements in the above letter,
forthe truth of which I can vouch on the words
of honorable men and respected citizens of my
State, it is evident that if the Government fails
to place the great manufacturing interests of
the nation in such a position that they can
move on and be self-sustaining, attracting the
capital and skill of the country and the world
to them, it will fail to protect its own interests;
it will fail to provide the means to meet the
interest on the national debt and for the final
redemption of that debt; it will fail, in fact,
to preserve its own existence; while, on the
other hand, it will enable the foreign manu-
facturer to draw out of the country the very
capital needed at home for the organization
of manufacturing industry, and for the realiza-
tion of such a scale of profits on that industry
as shall be the future dependence of the Gov-
ernment in the levying of the taxes for its
support.
Take the single article of steel, for instance,
the manufacture of which had been greatly
increased under the tariff previous to the war,
and duringthewarbythehighi'atesof exchange
operating as a protection from foreign compe-
tition. If an ad valorem duty of twenty per
cent, is levied upon gteel the Treasury will
receive $200,000from the importation bf every
£1,000,000in value. The advocate of arevenue
tariff would claim that this would be the easiest
way to collect a revenue; and it would at first
sight seem so, but that importation takes put
of the country the whole $1,000,000 of capital
never to return it. We can derive no future
benefit from it, as we derived none from the
operations which produced the steel. It is
wholly lost to the country. On the other hand,
if the steel is produced here it gives employ-
ment to five hundred men, directly or indi-
rectly. It secures steady work and good wages
to miners of iron and coal, machinists, fire-
brick makers, builders, farmers, merchants,
and in fact every branch of industry in the
country, including law, medicine, and divinity.
The whole $1,000,000 that the steel thus costs
is spread about, circulated broadcast, to sup-
port our own people instead of being sent
abroad to sustain a rival country. And this
article of steel is one of the items which needs
protection; for this reason I name it. But
you cannot name an industry that is not bene-
fited by the introduction of the manufacture
of steel into the United States. Yet foreign
steel is now able to compete successfully with
the home article, and our steel works are all,
or nearly all, either losing money or idle for
fear of loss.
But some will say "if we cannot compete
with Great Britain we ought not to manufac-
ture." We could compete with her if we
could bring*our mechanics to work for the
starvation wages paid in that country. But
surely no man will have the hardihood to say
that it is the interest of our Government to
crush our people down to the level of those
classes. The principle that wherever an arti-
cle could be produced the cheapest, there it
should be manufactured, and the world thence
draw its supply, has its advocates ; but such a
principle tends to the centralization of capital
in the hands of a few, who would not only
have the power to compel their mechanics to
work at their own prices, but, also, the world
at large to pay such prices for their wares as
they chose to set upon them. Many and many
a time have we, as well as other countries,
been compelled to pay enormous prices to the
manufacturers of Great Britain on account of
our own short-sightedness. Taking the arti-
cle of steel again, if we do not produce it,
the foreign manufacturers combine and charge
us a high price for it. They are restrained
from doing so now by the desire to break up
the trade here. It is well known that the com-
petition among ourselves brings down the price
of manufactured staple articles to the lowest
paying point. The fear is sometimes expressed
that the moment a protective tariff is levied on
steel, so as to shut out the foreign, the price
would go up. So it would, forthe moment. But
even in that ease the Government would only
be passing funds from one citizen to another,
and there would be no national loss of capi-
tal. So soon as the home manufacture became
thoroughly established, the competition would
bring down prices to the lowest paying point,
so that the consumer would soon get his supply
as low as it could be profitably afforded.
And I am glad to see that many of the Eng-
lish manufacturers are recognizing the policy
of the Government in this matter as the true
one for the interests of the country, and are
bringing their capital to this country in order
to carry on their business here, instead of try-
ing any longer to draw out our capital in ex-
change for their products. This policy brings
not only capital but skilled labor into the
country, which is what we so much need. At
Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, the celebrated Shef-
field (England) cutlers, Westenholm & Co.,
are building an immense factory for the man-
ufacture of various articles into which steel
enters largely. It will give employment to a
very large number of hands, for whom suit-
able homesare also being erected. One of
the large thread manufacturers of England is
also about to supply our market, bv manufac-
turing the article here, employing his own cap-
ital with which to carry on his operations. Is
not this much better than that we should send
the cotton to England, at a large expense and
risk, perhaps in foreign bottoms, and import
the manufactured article in the same manner?
There is now being erected in Essex county,
in my State, a large establishment for the man-
ufacture of watches. A village is also being
