3662
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7„
The amendment was agreed to; there being
—ayes forty-nine, noes not counted.
Mr. SMITH. I move to strike out this sec-
tion ; and I would like to inquire of the chair-,
man of the Committee of Ways and Means
why machinery for the manufacture of sugar
from beets cannot be used for various other
purposes.
Mr. MORRILL. Because the process is
peculiar and requires a peculiar kind of ma-
chinery, which is fit for no other purpose. I
may remark, also, that the manufacture of su-
gar from beets has only recently been intro-
duced into this country—only in Illinois and
California, perhaps—but I trust that ere long
it will be a large and growing interest.
Mr. SMITH. I am enabled to state, from
the testimony of those acquainted with this
subject—I do not pretend to make the state-
ment from my personal knowledge—that the
machinery used for the production of sugar
from beets can be used in the manufacture of
sugar from almost any other article from which
sugar can be made. I believe that other me-
chanical operations can be performed with this
machinery where sugar is the ingredient to be
obtained.
Mr. MORRILLL. I call the gentleman's
attention to this last proviso of the section:
Provided, That this exemption shall not bo con-
strued to include machinery or other articles im-
ported for use in any manufacturing establishment
or for sale.
Mr. SMITH. It does not follow that ma-
chinery absolutely used for this particular pur-
pose cannot be used for the manufacture of
sugar out of other materials.
Mr. Smith's amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. PIKE. I move to insert the following
as a new section:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That a drawback
equal to the duties paid bo allowed on all imported
mutcnalsused in manufacturing the following arti-
cles when said articles are exported, to wit:
Axes, hatchets, piek-axes, table cutlery, carpenters'
tools, cotton-gins, carriages, mowing and reaping
machines, plows, scythes, spades, shovels, hoes, hay
and manure forks, boots and shoes made of leather.
And a drawback equal to the duties paid be allowed
to ship-builders on cordage, iron, coppcr, chains, and
anchors actually used and employed by them in the
building and rigging of any ship or stoamer, or other
vessel built within tho limits of the United States,
the amount of drawback in all cases to be ascertained
and paid in such manner and under such regulations
as may bo prescribed by tho Secretary of tho Treas-
ury.
Mr. Chairman, I will say but a few words on
this proposition. It is too late in the session
and loo late in the afternoon and the weather
is too warm to say much; but I cannot refrain
from explaining it to tho House, as it is one
of considerable importance. Tho policy of
this Government has been a settled one from
the beginning. Ever since we have had a
tariff we have allowed a drawback to encour-
age and protect articles manufactured for ex-
portation. It is apparent to gentlemen of the
House that in no way can wo compete in for-
eign markets with foreign-made manufactures
except by allowing drawbacks of duties, and
in that way allowing our manufacturers to com-
pete with articles produced in foreign countries
which have not been subject to our taxation.
This is the only method we can adopt to put
our people on an equal footing with foreigners.
The first clause of my amendment provides for
drawbacks on materials imported used in man-
ufacturing articles for exportation. There is
a general law where articles imported are ex-
ported in the same condition in which they
were when imported; but this goes further,
and provides that when articles imported shall
enter into the manufacture of articles exported
and constitute only a portion of their compo-
sition the same rule shall be adopted. It is a
just provision, and one rendered necessary by
the changes in the tariff made by this bill.
The second clause provides that on arti-
cles entering into ship-building a drawback
shall be allowed eqnal to the duties paid as
some encouragement against provincial and
foreign competition. The cost of ships built
in this country is very greally more than of
those built in the British Provinces. Both
labor and material are vastly less there. A
St. John ship of a thousand tons can be pro-
duced for $45,000 in gold, while the same ship
would cost a Maine sliip-builder $85,000 in cur-
rency. This is an enormous difference. But it
must be recollected that everything there that
enters into the ship is greatly cheaper than
with us. We all know that no article of man-
ufacture can be made here for much, if any,
less than double the cost before the war. But
in addition to other items of enhanced cost
with which everybody is familiar,_ the ship-
builder has to contend with the high duties
levied upon ship-building materials. I have
here a list of duties (in gold) upon articles
actually used in building a seven hundred and
fifty ton ship in my district in 1865. It was
prepared by a careful and intelligent gentle-
man and is reliable:
76,620 ft>s. iron © 1 cent %S ft)  $766 20
6,200 lbs. spikes @ 2i cents lb  155 00
1,500 lbs. spikes, galvanized  87 50
9,000 lbs. castings  135 00
32,363 lbs. chain cable at 2i cents ^ lb  809 07
7,068 lbs. anchors @ 2i cents ^ lb  159 00
1,114 lbs. clinch rings @ 2 cents 3* lb  22 28
16,990 lbs. hemp cordage @ 3 eents V ft)  509 70
7,535 lbs. manilla @ 2s cents lb  1S8 37
12,261 lbs. yellow metal for sheathing.-.  367 82
5,180 yards dnek @ 30 ^ cent  500 00
860 bushels salt @ 18 cents bushel  116 00
Oil, lead, copper bolts, nails, and paint  175 30
Sundry smaller items  589 90
Total 84,531 14
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORRILL. The general principle
announced by the gentleman from Maine is a
correct one. It is a principle of our laws at
the present time; but I hardly think the amend-
ment to the extent proposed is a proper one. If
the gentleman had called the attention of the
committee to it earlier, and provided for the
security of theXJnited States, perhaps it would be
correct; but in our complicated system of taxa-
tion it would be difficult to say on what materials
duties were paid. It would be difficult to tell
what iron and what steel had paid duty which
entered into the construction of a carriage for
exportation. It would be difficult to tell which
was foreign leather and which was American
leather. There would be so many difficulties
in carrying out the provision as suggested by
the gentleman from Maine that I think it woulS
be hardly safe to adopt it.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to amend by adding
the following proviso:
Provided, That ten per cent, on the amount of all
drawbacks, so allowed, shall be retained for tho use
of the United States by tho collectors paying such
drawbacks respectively.
I only desire to say that if this amendment
is adopted, there ought to be a provision allow-
ing acertainportion of the duties to be retained
in tho Treasury. I agree, however, entirely
with the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means that it would be impossible to carry
this provision into effect.
Mr. PIKE. Why?
Mr. ALLISON. Because you cannot tell,
it is impossible to tell, whether this steel or
iron or other product that enters into these
manufactures, was manufactured from arti-
cles imported from abroad or from domestic
products.
Mr. PIKE. Mr. Chairman, it seems to me
hardly fair for the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, at this stage of the
session, to make the reply that he has made
to me. Early in this session I introduced this
proposition and sent it, in the usual way, to
the Committee of Ways and Means. I have
frequently urged it since, and I have from time
to time received assurances from the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means that he
agreed to my proposition. It does seem to me,
therefore, a little unfair for him to say to me
now that if I had introduced it earlier and
urged it more persistently I might have accom-
plished my purpose. The only other objection
made to the amendment is that the Treasury
must be protected. The chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means could not have read
tho proposition when he made that objection.
It provides that the Secretary of the Treasury
may establish such rules and regulations as he
may deem judicious and as stringent as he,
pleases ; and certainly with proper officers ho
may explore the history of every article that,
enters into the construction of these vessels,
and he may ascertain precisely the amount of
duty each has paid and consequently the amount
which should be refunded.
When I was interrupted by the hammer of
the Chairman I was stating the great cost of
our American vessels, and the reasons for it.
It is apparent to the House that our ships
cannot compete with foreign ships when the
difference of cost is so great, unless a corre-
sponding advantage is in some way given to them
in the way of employment. But the House is
aware that an American ship has no such ad-
vantages. She competes with her great rival
on a free-trade basis. The St. John ship comes
into the port of New York and gets the same
freight and is subject to the same insurance as
the American ship. The only privilege -the
American ship has is that of the coastwise
trade, and that is hardly appreciable. Prom
this statement of the committee the House will
readily see that the question is whether our
ships shall be driven from the ocean or not.
They certainly cannot compete at such odds.
In the great race for commereial supremacy
our old enemy has latterly made alarming
strides in advance. Before the war we had
five and a half million tons afloat. But our
ships were burned by British pirates and our
ship-owners were obliged to sell them for pro-
tection, until now we have not four and a
half million of American tonnage. What we
have lost England has gained. Before the
war we had gained so largely in the long and
arduous struggle that we led. Now we are
behindhand more than a million tons. At
the present time more than nine tenths of the
importations of foreign merchandise into New
York are made in foreign bottoms. This is a
proposition to enable the ship-builders of this
country to do something to restore our su-
premacy. If this proposition be carried into
effect, in ten years the tonnage of this coun-
try, instead of being behindhand, will be again
in the ascendency.
It does seem to me that there is no branch
of industry that is more worthy of encourage-
ment at the hands of the Government than
this. The proposition is simply that the Gov-
ernment shall take its heavy hand off this
branch of industry. We ask for no bonus.
Wo ask nothing except partial relief from tax-
ation that is absolutely destroying us for the
benefit of wealthy manufacturers, already suf-
ficiently protected.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ALLISON. I understand that there is
no objection to my amendment.
The question was taken on Mr. Allison's
amendment to the amendment, and it was
agreed to. „
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the -word ''car-
riages." My remarks applied to carriages
rather than ships. I have no great objection
to the amendment so far as it relates to ships,
but the amendment of the gentleman includes
other articles.
Mr. PIKE. I have a word only to say in
reply to the gentleman from Vermont, and I
trust the committee will bear with me, as I
have not trespassed much on their attention
during the discussion of this tariff. I wish
to say, in reference to the practical working
of this measure, that in the early part of the
session I took the pains to write to Canada to
ascertain the facts in relation to their laws
there upon this subject, and I learned that
they have found no practical difficulty in en-
forcing a law like this. They provide that all
the materials I have enumerated here shall go
into their ships free of duty, aud they say that
practically it works well. Of course if they
continue the policy of thus encouraging ship-
building they will outrun us. Thai, is inevi-
table. We cannot continueto run ships cost-
