1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Rights and Wrongs, issued by Congress in 1774,
the Declaration of Independence in 1776, and
the subsequent writings of those political phil-
osophers who upheld the national cause. (J.
Adams's Works, vol. x, pp. 300-312.)^ Par-
don me if I dwell too minutely on this history.
I do it only to illustrate the issue of principle
actually made in the controversy with the mother
country.
The controversy still continued, when in 1764,
the orator, who had already by voice and pen
■maintained the cause of his country, put forth
another publication, entitled, " The Rights of
the Colonists asserted and proved." Mark, if
you please, the vigor of the title. The rights
of the colonists are not only "asserted," but
"proved." Reprinted iu London, this pam-
phlet was read by Lord Mansfield, Chief Jus-
tice of England, and was answered by Soame
Jenyns, a partisan writer of the Crown. ^ The
copy I now hold in my hand has the imprint ol
London, and is marked third edition. Perhaps
all things considered, it is the most remarkable
pamphlet of our country and one of the most
remarkable ever written. Recent events, ver-
ifying the truths it so early announced, elevate
its piace in history. Here will be found the
same vital principles, enforced with learning
and eloquence, which Otis had announced at
the bar in the case of writs of assistance, and
then again in the debates of the legislature; and
here may be seen, not only the truths asserted
by our fathers, but the unanswerable arguments
by which they were vindicated. Even an ab-
stract would be too long for this occasion; but
the character of this Defense of the American
People, not unlike Milton's famous Vefensio
pro Populo Anglicano, will appear in a few
passages, where j as in gleams, may be discerned
the Idea of a Republic.
I do not pause on the assertion, "that every
man of sound mind should have his vote," or
the authority which he invokes, when he says,
"Lord Coke declares that it is against Magna
Carta and against the franchises of the land for
freemen to be taxed but by their own consent."
Nor do I dwell on that admirable statement of
much in little, where he says, "the first and_
simple principle is Equality and the Power ot
the Whole.'' (Page 14.) The Equality of All
and the Power of All! The two buttresses of a
just government. I come at once to the plain
statement of fundamental right. Here are two
sentences:
"The Supreme Power cannot take from any man
any part oi' his property without consent w person, or
by representation." t , , , . .
"Taxes are not to bo laid on the people, but bu then-
consent in person, or by representation.' Page i>i.
Such, he says, are '■ the first principles of law
and justice and the great barriers of a free
state," and then he adds, "I ask, I want no
more." And these principles he claims for
all, without distinction of color.
"The colonists are by the law of nature free-born,
as indeed are white and black. Does it lollow that it
is right to enslave a man because he is black/ W ill
short, curled hair, likowool. instead of Christian hair,
as it is called by those whose heart is as hard as the
nether mill-stone, help the argument? Can any logi-
cal infercnco in favor of slavery be drawn irom aflat
• nose, a long or a short face V'—Page 29.
- Assuming that these rights are common to
all, whether white or black, he then insists that
any taxation, whether direct or indirect, with-
out representation, is. only another form of
slavery:
" I can see no reason to doubt but that the imposi-
tion of taxes, whether on trade, or on land, or houses,
or ships, or real or personal, fixed or floating property
in the colonic?, is absolutely irreconcilable with the
rights of the colonists, as British subjects and as men.
I say men, for in a state of nature no man can take
my property from me without my consent. If hedoes
le deprives me of my liberty nnd, makes me a stave, ihe
very act of taxing, exercised oyer those who are not
represented, appears to me to deprive them of one or
their most essential rights as freemen; and if continued
seems to be in effect anentiredisfi-anchisement of every
civil right. For what one civil right is worth a rush
after a man's property is subject to'beta^enhom rum
at pleasure, without his consent! —rage 61.
Such was the voice of James Otis, who was
our John the Baptist. It was he who went
before in this great controversy. He first stated
the case between the colonies and the mother
country, and first developed the principles in
issue. But though first, he was not long alone.
Conspicuous among his followers was Samuel
Adams, that austere patriot, always faithful and
true, who desired to make Puritan Boston "a
Christian Sparta.'' He was remarkable for the
simplicity, accuracy, and harmony of his style,
and on this account often held the pen for the
Legislature or for the Town meeting. In obe-
dience to the latter, he drew up instructions to
the representatives of Boston, which were after-
ward adopted in Faneuil Hall, where repeating
the very arguments of Otis, he says, "If our
trade may be taxed, why not our lands? _ Why
not the produce of our lands and everything we
possess or make use of?" And then, advan-
cing in the subject, he asks, "If taxes are laid
upon us in any shape, wilhoui our having a
legal representation where they are laid, are we
not reduced from the character of free subjects
to the miserable state of tributary slaves?"
(John Adams's Works, x, p. 294.) In asking
this question he leaves no room to doubt the
answer it deserved.
Meanwhile Franklin, as the general agent of
the colonies, had been maintaining the same
principles in England. But the ministry, hur-
ried on by that fatal folly which leads to de-
struction, persevered in their pretension. I lie
stamp act was passed, and for the first time in
our history papers were to bear stamps, in order
to swell the revenue of the Crown. Massachu-
setts remonstrated against the tyranny, in formal
resolutions, adopted unanimously, wherein it
is declared, '' that by the law of nature no man
has a right to impose laws more than to levy
taxes upon another; that the freeman pays no
tax, as the freeman submits to no law, but such
as emanates from the body in which he is rep-
resented; that the Parliament possessed no
right of enacting laws binding upon the colo-
nics. and that whatever legislative power to that
effect had been exercised by the Parliament had
been abusive and unlawful." (John Adams's
Works, vol. i, p. 78.) In an address to the
royal Governor, the Legislature, after setting
forth the injustice of the stamp act. proceeded
to say: " We mast beg your Excellency to ex-
cuse us from doing anything to assist m the
execution of it." The people in town meet-
' ings took up the strain and all united against
! the act. But Massachusetts was not alone. A
writer in Virginia, catching the spirit of Otis,
declared, in an elaborate pamphlet, that it was
an "essential principle of the English Consti-
tution that the subject shall not be taxed with-
\ out his consent;" and then, again, quoting the
! words of another, said: "Men have natural
i and freemen legal rights which they may justly
i maintain, and no legislative authority can de-
! pri've them of." {Considerations on the pro-
priety oj' Taxes t/i llie Jh'ittsh Colonies, p 5.)
The Legislature of Virginia, even before Massa-
chusetts, adopted resolutions kindred in spirit,
which were moved by Patrick Henry and he-
roically carried by his eloquent voice, even
against the menacing cry of "treason." Thus
spoke "Virginia in one of these resolutions, ex-
posing the true issue in question, and insisting
that taxation and representation were insepa-
rable :
"Resolved, That the taxation ofthepeoplcbythem-
selves or by persons chose*i to represent them, who can
only know what taxes the people are iMc. to bear, or
the easiest method of raisin? them, and must them-
selves be affected by every tax laid on the people i 
the only security i/gainst burdensome taxation and the
distinguishing charar-t eristic ot British ireedom, with-
out which the ancient constitution cannot exist.
— Wirt's Life of Patrick Henry, p. 57.
Pennsylvania, by her House of Assembly,
spoke also to the same effect as follows:
" Resolved, Kern. Con. That this House think it their
duty thus firmly to assert with modesty and decency,
their inherent rights, that their posterity may learn and
know that it was not with their consent ana acquies-
cence, that any taxes should be levied on them by any
person but their own representatives.
The controversy still proceeded. At the in-
vitation of Massachusetts a Congress assembled
at New York in October 17G5, where were del-
egates from Massachusetts, Connecticut, New
York, Pennsylvania, Delaware, and South Car-
olina, which, after a session of three weeks,
adopted a declaration of colonial rights, where,
among other things, it is declared:
"That it is inseparably essential to the freedom of
a people and the undoubted right of Englishmen, that
no tax be imposed on them but toifh the%r own consents
given personally or by their representative#."
"That the people of the colonies are not, and from
their local circumstances cannot be represented in'the
House of Commons of G-rcat Britain."
At last the stamp act was repealed, but the
pretension of taxation was suspended rather
than abandoned. A ministerial partisan Con-
tinued to urge the scheme in the following bare-
faced words:
" All eountries, unaccustomed to taxes, are at first
violently prepossessed against them, though the price,
which ttiey give for their liberty, like an ox untamed
to the yoke, they show at first a very stubborn neck,
but by degrees become docile and yield a willing
obedience." *• * * _ * "Amcrica must be
taxed.1'—Jv.>stice and Necessity of taxing the American
Colonies Demonstrated. London, 1766.
As time advanced the old audacity was re-
vived ; and, under the lead of the eccentric
Charles Townsend, taxes were imposed by Par-
liament on tea, glass, lead, paper and painters'
colors. The old opposition in the colonies was
revived also, and taxation without representa-
tion was again denounced. Committees of cor-
respondence were established and the work of
organization began. The whole country was
in a fever. Massachusetts, as in times jiast,
did not hesitate to proclaim the true principle. -
At a Town meeting of Boston in 1772, there
was a declaration of rights, " which no man or
body of men, consistently with their own rights
as men and citizens or membersof society, can
for themselves give up or take away from oth
ersand here we meet again familiar words :
" The supreme power cannot justly take from any
man any part of his property without his consent m
person or by his representatives."—Page 10.
Against all Parliamentary taxation, as often
as it showed itself, this was the impenetrable
buckler that was raised. But the mother coun-
try was perverse. Ship-loads of tea arrived.
At Boston the tea was thrown into the harbor.
The colonies entered into an agreement of non-
importation. Then came troops, and the Bos-
ton Port Bill, by which this harbor was vindic-
tively closed against commerce. The whole
country, including even South Carolina, made
common cause with Massachusetts. Gadsden
exclaimed, " Massachusetts sounded the trum-
pet, but to Carolina is it owing that it was at-
tended to." And Virginia exclaimed, " We
will never be taxed but by our representatives.
This is the great badge of freedom. Whether
the people in Boston were warranted by justice
when they destroyed the tea, we know not; but
this we know, that the Parliament, by their pro-
ceedings, have made us and all North America,
parties' in the present dispute." (Wirt's Life
of Patrick Ilenry. p. 09.) Meanwhile more
troops arrived. All things portended strife;
and yet the colonists did not ask for independ-
ence. They only asked for their rights, insist-
ing always that there should be no taxation
without renrescntation. " The patriots of this
province,"' said John Adams in 1774, '• desire
nothing new, they wish only to keep their old
privileges. They were for one hundred and
fifty years allowed to tax themselves. This
plan tlicy wish may continue forever." (John
Adams's Works, vol. iv, p. 131.) And thus
stood the two parties face to face.
Then came the Continental Congress, which
at once put forth resolutions, where, after clai m-
ing the enjoyment of life, liberty, and property
as natural rights, it was insisted that the colo-
nists could be bound by no law to which they
had not consented by their representatives.
Here was the original programme of J ame Otis:
first the rights of men, according to natural
laws; and secondly, the principle that govern-
ment, including of course taxation, depended
on the consent of the governed. " The foun-
dation of English Liberty and of all free govern-
ment, '' said these resolutions, " is a right in the
people to participate in their legislative coun-
cil." {American Archives, 4th series, vol. i, p-
822.) In harmony with these resolutions were
addresses of the Continental Congress to the
people of Great Britain, to the people ot the
