1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
263'
39th Cons....1st Sess,
Contested Election—Mr. Paine.
Ho. op Reps.
votes which were actually counted for the sit-
ting member in the canvass, were unlawful and
ought not to have been counted. I shall ask
the attention of the House to-day to those two
points of the contestant, and to those only.
First, then, I ask your attention to those
votes which he insists were not counted, but
ought to have been counted. He presents to
the House through the committee, forty-five
returns claimed to be the returns of soldiers'
votes cast s,t various military election precincts
by soldiers of the three counties of that dis-
trict, giving an aggregate majority of 141; and
he asserts these votes were not counted, and the
canvassers did not embrace them in the can-
vass on which the Governor predicated his pro-
clamation giving the sitting member his seat.
Among these forty-five returns, the committee
found a few absolutely perfect in form. They
found a large number which, although not regu-
lar in form, were sufficient in substance to au-
thorize the committee, in their own judgment,
to count them.
But there were among these forty-five re-
turns, seventeen which the committee were
unable to consider worthy of being embraced
in the canvass. Of these seventeen the com-
mittee unanimously agreed to reject eleven
wholly or in part. I will not say the commit-
tee unanimously agreed to reject them, but I
will say that those members of the committee
who agreed to this report were unanimous in
the exclusion of eleven of these seventeen re-
turns. There were six of the seventeen returns
respecting which the committee were not unani-
mous. And the reason the committee wore
not unanimous was this : a principle had been
established in a contest from the State of Penn-
sylvania, already determined by this House, in
accordance with the recommendation of a ma-
jority of the committee, to which the minority
could not assent. I refer to the case of Koontz
vs. Coffroth. When that case was decided it
was the opinion of the minority of the Com-
mittee of Elections that certain military re-
turns were unlawfully excluded from the can-
vass ; that the irregularities for which they
were rejected by the majority of the commit-
tee and finally by the House were not substan-
tial defects, butmereinformalities, which, under
the law of Pennsylvania, were not sufficient
grounds for their exclusion. That opinion still
remains unchanged. In the case of Koontz
vs. Coffroth certain rejected returns ought in
the judgment of the minority to have been
counted. Of those members of the commit-
tee who have agreed to the report made in the
case now before the House in conformity with
the ruling of the House in that ease, two reserved
to themselves the right to vote in the House
on the present case in accordance with their
own convictions of the law and the facts. If
this difference of opinion among the members
of tlie committee would have made any differ-
ence in the result, two who sustained the report
and now sustain it would have voted for the
contestant. I am one of those. If the prin-
ciple laid down by the minority of the com-
mittee and repudiated by the House in the ease
of Koontz vs. Coffroth could have changed the
result in this case, I would have felt not only
authorized but bound as a member of the House
to adhere to the opinion of the minority, and
to vote to admit Smith Fuller to the contested
seat as the lawfully chosen Representative of
the twenty-first district of the State of Penn-
sylvania in the Thirty-Ninth Congress.
But it so happens that whether in this case
we adhere to the ruling of the majority of the
committee in the case of Koontz vs. Coffroth,
or adhere to the opinion of the minority, we
are still obliged, in my judgment, to award the
contested seat to the sitting member. The re-
sult is this: while I, in accordance with the
views maintained by the minority in the case
of Koontz vs. Coffroth, would have counted
these six rejected returns, the majority of those
who agreed to the report now before the House
were in favor of excluding them. If the posi-
tion taken by the majority in that case is cor-
rect, if the report recommended by the major-,
ity of the committee and adopted by the House
in that case is to prevail in this, then, in the
judgment not only of the majority, but of the
minority, including myself, the sitting member
is entitled to retain his seat by a majority of 21
votes. If the House should reverse its decis-
ion made iu the ease of Koontz vs. Coffroth,
and hold that the rejected votes should have
been counted as the minority in that case rec-
ommended, the sitting member would be enti-
tled to his seat by a majority of 4 votes.
I will not now go minutely into these points
of difference between the majority and the mi-
nority in the case of Koontz vs. Coffroth, be-
cause in a subsequent part of my argument it
will be necessary to consider in detail the sev-
eral returns which that difference of opinion
affected. I only allude to this now to show
the effect this difference would have in the case
before the House.
Now, this alternative majority of 21 or 4 is
based on the supposition that nothing is to be
deducted from the vote which was given to the
sitting member by the official canvass.
I have said that the second of the points made
by the contestant and requiring the considera-
tion of the House was this, that certain military
votes were, in fact, counted by the canvassers
for the sitting member, which ought not to have
been counted, which were not lawful votes. I
will indicate the eleven returns alleged to con-
tain these votes:
Westmoreland county. Dawson. Fuller.
1. Company I!, li.2d regiment  8 3
2. Company E, 206th regiment 30 24
3. Company K, 205th regiment 13 8
4. 16th cavalry regiment  1 0
Indiana county.
5. Lookout Mountain hospital  1
0. Company G, 76th regiment  7
7. Company G, 11th regiment 4
8. Company A, 15oth regiment 2 0
Fayette county.
9. Company E, 110th regiment 6 4
10. Carver hospital 3 0
11. 7th cavalry regiment 1 0
76 45
Now, Mr. Speaker, in order to warrant this
deduction from the official vote of the sitting
member on account of ballots alleged to have
been unlawfully cast or counted, it was neces-
sary that three things should have been done
by the contestant. In the first place he should
have given notice by some allegation in his
notice of contest that he intended to insist
upon an objection of that nature to the validity
of the sitting member's title to his seat. In
the second place he should have shown that the
votes which he disputed were really illegal
votes and ought not to have been counted;
and in the third place he should have shown
that they were, in fact, counted. Now, he did
not show that a single one of these votes was
countcd. There was no sufficient proof before
the committee that any of these votes to which
he objected were embraced in the official can-
vass. The only evidence that they were actu-
ally counted, aside from what appears in the
table on page 389 of the contestant's second
book, and. relates exclusively to Westmoreland
eouuly, is to be found in the fact that the re-
turns themselves are on file in the office of the
secretary of the Commonwealth or county pro-
thonotary. But while it might well be claimed
that the presence of regular returns in these
offices would be prima facie evidence that they
were embraced in the canvass, how can it be
said that the presence of irregular returns
would ha prima facie evidence that they were
counted? It seems to the committee that^the
presumption would be in the opposite direction.
This paper, exhibited on page 383 of the sec-
ond book, is inadmissible because only signed
by-one of the judges; but it would not be evi-
dence before the committee even if signed by
all the county judges, for the reason that when
a congressional district is composed of two or
more counties there is no authority for depos-
iting any return or statement of the county
board in the office of the prothonotary, as will
be more fully shown hereafter. Bat, more
than that, he did not allege in his notice of
contest that he should rely upon any such ob-
jection as this to the validity of the title of the
sitting member to his seat. Unless, indeed, it
be in the general allegation that the sitting
member received 10,848 votes, and the con-
testant 11,008 votes, which allegation is the
eleventh in the notice of contest, you cannot
find any averment sufficient to entitle the con-
testant to introduce proof upon this point.
I will not discuss the validity of that allegation
fls a foundation for such proof, because it will
devolve upon the chairman of the committee,,
[Mr. Dawes,] as apart of his duty, to consider
this as well as the other points which were made
in this case by the sitting member, while my
own remarks will be confined to the positions
taken by the contestant.
But, granting for the sake of argument, that
there is in this eleventh allegation sufficient to
constitute a basis for the introduction of such
proofs as this, I have further to say that the
contestant did satisfy the committee that of
these eleven returns of votes which he insists
were countcd, but ought not to have been
counted, four, and only four, were upon their
face irregular and illegal, and could not of
themselves justify the canvassers in counting
the votes which they contained. These four
returns were—■
Dawson. Fuller.
1. Lookout hospital 1 0
2. Company U, 70th regiment 7 6
3. Company K, l-10t.h regiment, (S 4
4. 7th Pennsylvania cavalry 1 0
I do not say that satisfactory proof was made
before the committee that in the case of these
four returns the votes which were alleged to
have been given for the sitting member wer®
not, in fact, legally cast and returned for him;
but I do say that, taking into consideration
merely the proofs which were placed before
the committee by the contestant in the printed
and manuscript returns, I find no evidence
that these votes were legally cast or returned.
The sitting member offered no proof on this
subject. Indeed, the contestant never, until
near the close of the thirteen days consumed
in the trial of this case, alluded to this claim
to reduce the official vote of the sitting member.
But for the sake of the argument I will assume
that those C votes were illegal and ought not to
have been counted. There still remains the
difficulty that there is no proof that they ever
were counted; and I suppose the chairman of
the committee, [Mr. Dawes,] when he conies
to discuss this part of the case, will satisfy you
that no foundation was laid in the pleadings
for the introduction of any such proof on the
trial. Of course, then, it was impossible for
the committee to deduct these votes from tha
aggregate majority of the sitting member.
The committee found, therefore, that the sit-
ting member had a majority of 21 votes. Ad-
hering to the principle which I maintained in
the case of Koontz vs. Coffroth, I would have,
given him a majority of 4 votes, because I
believed thatthe returns for McClellan hospital,
battery II, fourth artillery; Camp Parole, Car-
ver hospital, field and staff two hundred and
sixth regiment, and company A, one hundred
and fifty-fifth regiment, ought to be embraced,
in the canvass. These gave the contestant an
aggregate majority of 17 votes. Inasmuch as
there is no minority report in this contest, I
should, under ordinary circumstances, be con-
tent to stop here and await, the arguments that,
may be adduced by those who are to speakon.
behalf of the contestant before saying anything'
further in the case. But, sir, a remarkable;
document has been laid upon the desks of the,
members of this House since our report was
submitted. I am compelled to call your atten-
