APPENDIX TO THE CONGrBESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 11,
Ho. o  Reps.
Contested Election—Mr. Paine.
S9th Cong.... 1st Sess.
tion to this document, wjhich^is entitled "A
short review of the report of the Committee of
Elections," and is signed "Smith Puller, con-
testant." The charges rnade by the contestant
against the committee are so erroneous and of-
fensive that they could have no palliation except
in the disappointment naturally felt at an un-
expected result of such a close and protracted
contest, a result doubtless believed to be irrec-
oncilable with the law and the facts. I know
that under the influence of these grave charges
Kepresentatives have been led to entertain opin-
ions respecting the contest now pending before
the House which have very much astonished
me. For example, a gentleman from the State
of Pennsylvania, for whom I entertain the very
highest respect, and whom every gentleman of
this House esteems as one of the most honor-
able of men, stated to me, to my face, that he
did not believe this to be the report of the Com-
mittee of Elections, and that he understood it
was repudiated by every member of the com-
mittee except the chairman and myself! It
becomes necessary for me, therefore, in view
of the charges against the committee made in
this pamphlet by Smith Puller, the contestant,
and in view of declarations made by members
of this House which have repeatedly come to
my ear, to submit the statement to which I now
invite the attention of the House. And I ask
permission of the House at this point to pro-
duce and read in this case certain portions of
the journal of the Committee of Elections. I
believe it can only be done with the consent of
the House.
No objection was made.
Mr. PAINE. The journal of the committee
is not paged ; but I find under date of June 19,
18G6, the following:
"The committee met.
" Mr. Koontz concluded his argument in the ease
of Koonu against Cofcroth.
"The committee voted upon tho ease of "Fuller
against Dawson, twenty-first congressional district
of Pennsylvania.
" The vote upon the right to the scat stood as fol-
lows :
" For Dawson—Dawes, Marshall, lJaine, McClurg,
and Nicholson.
" For Fuller—Scofield and Baxter."
It appears, therefore, that there were seven
members of the committee who voted on that
occasion, and of those seven five voted for this
report and two against it. Two members of
the committee, Messrs. SroFiELD and Suel-
i,ai;argiai, were absent. Two did not vote,
namely, Mr. Ui'sox and Mr. Siiellatsatiger,
of whom the latter was absent and the former
was present, but asked to bo excused from
voting; he reserved his vote, and I do not
know that he has up to this time given it either
to the contestant or to the sitting member, nor
do I know why he withhold it when the decis-
ion was made, unless it was because he had
not then arrived at a conclusion in the case.
Mr. SHELLABARGJDii. Mr. Speaker, it
is due to myself that I should say that my ab-
sence from the Committee of Elections when
it was investigating the matter now before the
House, was due to my almost compelled pres-
ence and attendance upon the investigation of
a select committee of this House, for the pro-
ceedings and doings of which committee I felt
more responsibility than I did in regard to the
proceedings of this regular committee of the
House. That explains the fact that during
the entire investigation of the Committee of
Elections in this particular case, I was not
able to be present or to participate in the con-
clusions at which they arrived.
Mr. PAINE. T entirely understood the rea-
son why the gentleman from Ohio was not
present to have been that which he has just
stated, and I will add, that after the vote
was taken in the committee I called upon
the gentleman and requested that he would
record his vote upon this case on one side or
the other. He informed me that not having
been present, having been compelled by his
duties on another committee to be absent, he
did not feel that he was entitled without further
examination to vote upon the case, and was
unwilling to do so.
It appears, therefore, that seven members of
the committee did vote upon the case. Two
did not vote, of whom one was present and one
absent. Two were absent, of whom one did
and one did not finally record his vote. And
one, although present, did not vote. I refer to
Mr. Upson. As I have already stated, I do not
know why his vote was not recorded. The
chairman of the committee now suggests to
me that he had been detained by sickness from
some of the sessions of the committee.
I have made this explanation for the purpose
of repelling the unkind attack made on the
committee in respect to this vote. It seems to
me that when seven out of nine members of a
committee vote upon a ease and the absence
of one other vote, as of Mr. Shellabakger'S,
is fully explained, it can hardly be said that
the report of the committee is repudiated by ,
all of the committee excepting the chairman
and myself. I insist that wo have in good
faith and fairly decided this case. If we have
made mistakes, let them be shown. But let it
not be said to this House that this report which
we have presented here is not the report of the
committee. It is the report of the committee,
just, as much so, and in precisely the same
sense, as any report that was over presented
to this House in an election case, where there
was no contradictory minority report, was the
report of the committee. This is not only the
report of the committee, but it is the only re-
port emanating from the committee in this
case. So much for that.
Now, Smith Fuller, contestant, in his " short
review of the report of the Committee of Elec-
tions," makes several statements which I deem
it my duty to correct. He says, "The Commit-
tee of Elections, after examining the returns
of votes cast in the district, (the twenty-first
congressional district,) find the allegations of
the "contestant in this particular (that the con-
testant received a majority of the votes cast)
to be true." Smith Fuller, contestant, has
therein made a great mistake. The committee
found that the sitting member, John L. Daw-
son, received a majority of the votes cast at
that election, as they have stated in this report,
parts of which I have caused to be read. They
found that, on the ruling of the majority of the
Committee of Elect-ions and of the House itself
in the case of Koontz vs. Coffroth, the major-
ity of Mr. Dawson was 21 ; and upon the theory
of the minority in that case he had a majority
of 4 votes. The contestant further states that
" They find, upon a computation of all the votes
polled for this district, that I, the contestant,
have a majority of 10 votes." On the contrary,
we find that the sitting member has a majority
of 21 votes.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt him a moment?
Mr. PAINE. Certainly.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I would like to have it
understood whether the gentleman from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Paixe,] in denying that Fuller
had a majority of 10 votes, is only speaking of
the legal votes, or tiie votes legally cast. I
take it that in this review ottered by the con-
testant he means to say that if all the votes
had been counted by tho committee, those that
weie formal and those that were not formal,
he would have had a majority of lli. And
when the gentleman from Wisconsin contro-
verts that, he means to say, I suppose, that
there was no such majority formally certified ;
taking advantage of all the informalities or
mistakes, whatever they are, I want to have
him state clearly what he means.
Mr. PAINE. I suppose there is no differ-
ence between the gentleman and myself when
we come td the real point. The committee did
find that the contestant claimed a majority of
16 votes. They found more than that, that he
claimed a majority of 18 votes, insisting upon
the two corrections to which we have particu-
larly referred in our report. But we did not
find that he had received a majority of 1G votes.
We found, it is true, that if we had counted all
the votes alleged to be contained in the papers
which he laid before the committee he would
have received a majority of 16 votes. But we
found that the papers which he laid before us
were not such that we or the House ought of
right to receive the votes they contained. So
that, leaving out of view entirely the questions
raised by the sitting member in this case, in-
stead of the contestant having a majority of 16
votes, the sitting member has a majority of 21
votes. It is true that if we had received every
paper, whether merely informal or absolutely
defective and worthless in substance, every
paper which had any value, whether in form
or substance, and every paper which had no
value, either in form or substance, if all that
were claimed by the contestant had been al-
lowed by the committee, he would have had a
majority of 16 votes, as the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] says. But I shall
show, before I conclude, why "we were com-
pelled to reject many returns placed before us.
The contestant proceeds in his "review" to
say, "It seems strange, under these circum-
stances, that the voice of the people of this
district is to be stifled, and a man who has been
rejected by their votes is to be retained as their
Representative.'' That wouldbe a strange thing
for the committee to recommend to this House;
it will be a strange recommendation for this
House to adopt. But, in my judgment, it would
be a proceeding no less marvelous for this House
to evict the sitting member and give the con-
testant his seat here because he claims it with-
out proving his right to it. I say that the voice
of the electors of the twenty-first congressional
district of Pennsylvania will not be stifled by
permitting the sitting member to retain his seat.
On the contrary, I say that their voice, so far
as we are able to gather it from anything placed
before the committee or before this House, will
be stifled if you drive out the sitting member
and admit the contestant to the seat which he
claims, but which he has proved no right to hold.
"But," he proceeds to say, "the commit-
tee have given their reasons for reporting in
favor of the candidate having the smallest num-
ber of votes; and to these reasons I will briefly
call attention." I shall make no comment,
Mr. Speaker, upon the taste which the contest-
ant has shown in that passage of his short re-
view of the report of the Committee of Elec-
tions. The committee have not undertaken to
give their reasons for rejecting the candidate
having the smallest number of votes. The
committee have fairly stated to the House which
candidate tkoy believe had the largest number
of votes; and as in duty bound they have rec-
ommended to the House to give him the seat.
What less than this, what else than this, I ask,
could the committee do?
Now, sir, I come to these particular returns
about which there was so much dispute in the
committee, and about which there will be much
debate, I presume, in this House.
Mr. Fuller, in this document, says:
"The committee reject tho returns of elections held
by company A, one hundred and fifty-fifth regiment
Pennsylvania volunteers, upon the ground that thcro
is no evidence that the officers who held tho election
were sworn. Tliey also reject the return of the elec-
tion held at McClellan hospital, Virginia, for tho same
reason. If they had turned to pages 59 andOOof book
known as No. 2 printed by them for their own con-
venience, they would have found that the first named
of these returns showed that tho officers had been duly
sworn and all th ecertificates req uired by law h a d been
duly signedbythepersonswhoadmimstered the oaths.
Had they taken pains to turn to pa.ge 3S0of the saino
book they would have found that the officers who held
theelection atMcClellan hospital had been sworn, as
shown by the certificates of the officers who admin-
istered the oaths. I append these oaths to this state-
ment: they will bo found in the appendix, marked
A and B. So if tho committee wish to correct this
statement in their report they will have no difficulty
in doing so. Those two returns give me a majority of
10 votes and would have reduced tho majority accorded
to the sitting member to 5 votes."
