1744
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
much of the seventh section of the act of Con-
gress, approved February 24, 1864, entitled
"An act to amend an act entitled 'An act for
enrolling and calling out the national forces,
and for other purposes,' approved March 3,
A. D. 1803," as provides that "the bounty
money which any mariner or seaman enlisting
from the Army into the Navy may have received
from the United States, or from the State in
which he enlisted in the Army, shall be deducted
from the prize money to which he may become
entitled during the time required to complete
his military service."
The bill was ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BRIGADIER GENERAL COMMANDANT.
Mr. DARLTNG reported back from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs a bill (LI. R. No. 374)
entitled "An act to create the grade of briga-
dier general commandant in the United States
Marine corps."
The bill, which was read in extenso, provides
for creating in the United States Marine corps
the grade of brigadier general commandant,
to be filled by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, by selection from the officers
of said corps; the pay and allowances to be the
same as now are or may hereafter be allowed
to officers of a similar grade in the Army of
the United States: provided that the creation
of the said grade shall not authorize the ap-
pointment of aids-de-camp oxcept when on duty
m the field.
The bill further provides that after the ap-
pointment of said brigadier general, the office
of colonel commandant of said corps shall be
abolished.
.The question was on ordering the bill to bo
engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. SPALDING. I should like to hear the
reasons for the passage of this bill.
Mr. WILSON,of Iowa. I ask the gentle-
man from New York to give us some explana-
tion of the necessity for this bill. I understand
from the reading it proposes to abolish the office
of colonel commandant of the Marine corps
and to establish the office of brigadier general,
that is, that it provides merely for au increase
ot rank. I should like to have some explana-
tion of the amount of pay now received by the
colonel coiunuiudinaut and the amount of in-
creased compensation he would receive on the
passage of this bill, including pay and commu-
tation.
The coloncl commandant of thai corps, as I
understand it, has no active duties to perform.
He is stationed at the Marino barracks in this
city, lie is never upon shipboard and has
never any active duty more than that which
results from his being at the head of that corps
and stationed in this city. He is now receiving
pay, if J am not misinformed, equal to that
which is paid to the Vice Admiral of the Navy.
More I am told. He is now receiving greater
pay than is paid to the Vice Admiral of the Navy.
It seems to me, unless there is some reason
which does not appear on the face of the bill,
it ought not to pass.
Mr. SPALDING. I desire the gentleman
from New York to show us the necessity for
making this office. I am opposed to it unless
my reason be satisfied by his argument.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
from New York tell us how large the Marine
corps now is? Of how many does it now con-
sist? For uiy own pyrt, I think this is a bad
time for us to increase rank or to increase sal-
ary. Prices are coming down rapidly while
taxes are increasing. The war is over. The
President says we have peace throughout our
borders, that everything is loyal, and what,
therefore, is the use of increasing the rank and
pay either of the Army or the Navy?
M!r. DARLING. Mr. Speaker, the chief
officer of the Marine corps is called colonel
commandant. He has two officers with the
rank of colonel under him, and it seems proper
that the head officer of that corps should have
the rank of brigadier general. And if passed,
the bill does not increase the emoluments of
this officer but a small amount. It will depend
upon the pay of the Army, and I have not yet
seen the report of the Committee on Military
Affairs, but I understand a reduction of pay is
proposed. The bill proposes to give him the
rank and pay of a brigadier general in the
Army. That seems to be proper. It conforms
to the English and French service, the French
service particularly, as he has now two colonels
under him.
There are some three thousand in the Marine
corps, officers and men. There have been sev-
eral laws passed to confer the rank of brevet
brigadier general upon the commandant of
the Marine corps. I have been requested to
introduce the bill from the committee, and it
is the wish of the officers of the corps that it
should pass. The Committee on Nava-l Af-
fairs agreed to it unanimously. The increase
of pay will not exceed $000, if it does that. If
the bill decreasing the pay of the Army passes
I do not think his pay as brigadier general will
be as much as it is now. He is now a full col-
onel commanding a corps. If there were only
one colonel in the corps there would be no ne-
cessity for the passage of the bill; but as he
has two colonels under him, and in view of the
practice in otlierservices, it seems to be proper
he should have that rank. I will say that the
pay of the Marine corps follows that of the
Army, and not the pay of the Navy.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Does the gentle-
man believe there is any propriety in paying the
head of the Marine corps more than you pay
the head'of the Navy ? I understand the pay
of brigadier general, together with commuta-
tions, would give this officer more than the pay
of the Vice Admiral of the Navy. A member
of the Committee on Naval Affairs nods as-
sent to that statement. It seems to me it wpuld
be remarkable to provide that the coloncl com-
mandant of the Marine corps, in command of
some three thousand men, the police force of
the Navy, shall receive higher pay than the
head officer in the Navy.
Mr. DARLING. I am perfectly willing that
the bill should be amended so that the pay
should be no more than it is now.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. If we establish the
rank now, we shall incrca.se the pay either at
this or the next session of Congress. Increase
ofpay, according to myx-ecollection, has always
followed an increase of rank. It is then said
that as the rank is increased the officer ought
to have the same compensation as is allowed
tu others of the same rank.
Mr. IvELLEY. If I understand this bill
rightly, it is simply to change the title of the
office of colonel commandant of the Marine
corps. It gives him the title of brigadier gen-
eral, and puts him on a footing with a general
of the Army of that rank, and assimilates the
organization of the corps in this respectto that
of the Army. This oflicer has under his com-
mand some three thousand men, widely dis-
tributed on land and sea.
Mr. SPALDING. Will the gentleman tell
us whether there were ever more than three
hundred of these marines together at one time?
Mr. IvELLEY. Yes, sir; there are three
hundred of them now at Cairo.
Mr. SPALDING. At one place?
Mr. KELLEY. Yes, sir; at one place, Cairo
or Mound City, guarding the valuable ordnance
and other stores concentrated there. There
are not three hundred of them on board of any
ship; so many arc not required. About sixty is
the largest number put on board of any vessel.
This corps is diffused very widely, and this fact
involves the exercise of character, experience,
and sound discretion. It not only assimilates
the organization of the Marine corps to that of
our Army, but very nearly to that of the Brit-
ish service, and entirely to that of the French
service. The uniform of the colonel com-
mandant is like that of a brigadier general.
His badge of rank is a single star. I do no{
think the bill will increase our expenditure.
If it provides for a slight increase of annual
pay it will, if the incumbent enjoy the ordinary
length of life, probably prove to be a measure
of economy, as a brigadier receives no longev-
ity ration. It may not be known to gentlemen
that the colonel commandant receives an in-
crease of pay at the end of each successive term
of five years' service. Of this this bill would
deprive him. I doubt, therefore, whether the
pecuniary question is a consideration in this
connection.
As the organization of the Marine corps is
in all other respects that of our infantry, the
committee think that he whose command em-
braces corporals, sergeants, lieutenants, cap-
tains, majors, lieutenant, colonels, and colonels
should be a brigadier general. And to give
him that rank and title is the object of the bill
under discussion.
Mr. O'NEILL. If I understand it, the pas-
sage of this bill will not absolutely increase the
pay of the commandant of the Marine corps.
He commands a distinct branch of the service
under the general orders of the Secretary of
the Navy and the Vice Admiral. He commands
some four or five thousand enlisted men. Now,
sir, in the Army we have a Paymaster General,
a Quartermaster General, a Commissary Gen-
eral, and a Surgeon General, neither with a rank
below brigadier general. We have bureaus
at the head of which there are brigadier gen-
erals, and in many instances major generals,
and why not make the commandant of the
Marine corps a brigadier general? In reply
to an observation of the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Spalding,] he will doubtless recollect
that not many months ago a gallant attack
was made on the forts at Charleston by five
or six hundred marines, and that in the
Mexican war in many of the hardest-eon-
tested battles, a battalion of these men won
equal distinction with the Army for prowess
iij the field during its memorable and glo-
rious campaigns. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania reminds me that the marines also
captured John Brown. They did, and I be-
lieve history gives them the credit of having
made that capture, although the whole militia
force of the State of Virginia had been sum-
moned to Harper's Ferry to quell that great old
man's insurrection. This corps, from the time
of its organization, has done great service to
the country and has covered itself with dis-
tinction in all our wars. The commandant
is at the head of a large body of men and has
important duties to perform. It is, in fact, a
distinct department, and yet his rank is only
that'of colonel commandant.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I would ask the
gentleman whether the rank of colonel com-
mandant is not superior to that of colonel of
the Marine corps.
Mr. O'NEILL. I would answer the gentle-
man, yes.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. If that be true, then
he already has rank superior to the other colo-
nels in the corps, and why should his rank now
be increased?
Mr. O'NEILL. He has the rank of colonel
with the affix of "commandant" to distinguish
him from the other colonels of the corps. But
he is at the head of a large department perform-
ing constant and arduous duties, and I do not
see why the House should hesitate to pass this
bill. I do not see why he should not be entitled
by act of Congress to the full rank of brigadier
general, as he has command of as many men
as a brigadier general in the Army, and is per-
forming duties which occupy the whole of his
time, just as much so as the head of any other
department of the Government.
When Colonel Henderson was in command,
although his real rank was that of colonel, he was
always called by courtesy " General" Hender-
son. Considering the services which have been
rendered by the Marine corps, and the respon-
sibilities upon the commanding officer, I think
it no more than justice that its present distin-
guished commandant, especially as the gentle-
