1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
265
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Contested Election—Mr. Paine.
Ho.flF Reps.
I will first consider the return of company
A) one hundred and fifty-fifth regiment Pennsyl-
vania volunteers. The contestant asserts that
we rejected this return on the ground that there
was no evidence that the officers who conducted
the election were sworn. He has not stated the
whole of the objection which we made to that
return. He has stated only one of two objec-
tions which we raised. One was that there
was no evidence that these judges were sworn,
but the other was that there was no poll-book
accompanying the return and tallylist. That
there may be no mistake on this point, let me
read from pages 4 and 5 of the report of the
committee; and I shall be obliged to read in
this connection the opinions expressed by the
majority and minority of the committee in the
case to which I have so often referred, the case
of Koontz vs. Coffroth, in order to show pre-
cisely the points of objection to this return, and
the reason why it was excluded by the major-
ity of the committee:
"The military ret. urns alleged to have been omitted
from the canvass, although in many instances irregu-
lar and informal, seem to be good in substance, with
the following exceptions, namely:
" MeClellan hospital, (No. 3.) The return for "West-
moreland county in this-case is in all things, except
the names and residences, identical with the return
from the same hospital for Adams county made by the
same officers, and produced in evidence in the case
of Koontzcs. Coffroth, recently decided by this House.
In that casethe majority used the following language:
'Of the eight alleged as rejected returns for Adams
eoujity, the three from the hospitals, namely: Mower.
Cuyler, and McClcllan, (papers 23, 24, 25,) are by all
the committee admitted to be too defectively certi-
fied itiid authenticated to be entitled to any consider-
ation. The law in relation to the certifying,signing,
and returning, with the poll-book, the evidence of
the administering of the oath to the officers of the
election (sections 5 and 15) was wholly disregarded.'
The minority in the same case expressed the follow-
ing opinion: 'The three returns from the Mower,
Cuyler, and MeClellan hospitals (papers 12, 23, 24, 25)
were rejected beeause the certificates of the oaths of
the election .officers were wanting. This was no law-
ful ground for their rejection, for it appears from the
whole papersthatthe judges andclerkswereactually
sworn, and the returns, though defectivein form,are
perfectly intelligible, and clearly within the provis-
ions of the statute applicable to mere formalities.'
The authority of that decision is unanimously recog-
nized by thccomnuttce, although its correctness isstill
doubted by the minority. It excludes the three votes
from McClcllan hospital for Westmoreland county,
which are claimed by the contestant. Upon similar
but rather stronger grounds thefollowing transcripts,
which do not contain the poll-books or certificates
of oaths, namely: battery H, fourth artillery, (No.
2;) Camp Parole, (No. 9;) Carver hospital,) No. 10;)
field and staff, two hundred and sixth regiment,(No.
12;) and company A.onehundred and fifty-fifth regi-
ment. (No. 13.) arc rejected by the committee. They
would givo Mr. Dawson 4 and Mr. Fuller 18 votes."
T call the attention of the House to the exact
language of the report, because it becomes im-
portant in deciding as to the precise reasons
for which this return of company A, one hun-
dred and fifty-fifth regiment was excluded by
the committee in the case now before us. I
am one of the minority who still doubt the cor-
rectness of the decision referred to.
Upon the statements in the extract which i
have read from the report of the committee
relating to the return for company A, one hun-
dred and fifty-fifth regiment, is predicated the
contestant's assertion that this return was re-
jected, because there was no evidence that the
officers who held the election were sworn.
Now, it is true that the absence of the cer-
tificates of oaths was one of the reasons why
the committee rejected this return; but that
was only one of two reasons. The other reason
was that the poll-book was wanting.
In the case of Koontz vs. Coffroth, the com-
mittee and the House decided that the follow-
ing six defects were each and all substantial
and fatal, namely, first, the absence of the cer-
tificates of oaths of two of the judges; second,
a joint election by two or more organized com-
panies ; third, the administration of the oaths
to the election officers by a person who was
not one of their number; fourth, the absence
of a certified poll-book; fifth, a failure to keep
separate poll-books for the voters of each city
or county; sixth, an omission to make separate
returns for the voters of each city or county.
I did not think, as the majority of the com-
mittee did in that case, that the presence of
the certificate of oaths or of the certified poll-
books was essential to the validity of a return
if it was substantially shown by the papers
taken together that the officers were sworn and
that the votes were duly cast. Indeed, I was, and
still am, satisfied that under the law of Pennsyl-
vaniathereturn, strictly so called, should suffice,
if substantially correct, without either oaths,
certificates, poll-book, or tally-list. And if in
this case the decision had turned upon the vote
of company A. one hundred and fifty-fifth regi-
ment, I should have Yoted for the contestant,
because I believe that return should have been
canvassed. I said so in this report. I agree
with the contestant that it should be counted in
this case, and if when counted it would secure
him the seat I would vote to give him this con-
tested seat.
The contestant asserts in the extract which
I have given from his pamphlet that if the com-
mittee had turned to pages 59 and 60 of the
second volume of his evidence they would have
made Certain discoveries respecting the return
of company A, one hundred and fifty-fifth regi-
ment ; and if they had taken pains to turn to
page 380 of the .same book they would have
made certain other discoveries respecting the
return for MeClellan hospital. In other parts
of his review similar language is used.
Sir, if he means by all this to say that the
committee did not carefully and patiently ex-
amine these returns from beginning to end, he
does, I know, great injustice to the committee,
for never since I have been a member has any
case been so patiently, so carefully examined
as this ea,se. There is no item of evidence
referred to in this review as having escaped
the attention of the committee which I had
not read many times and carefully considered
before the contestant's attorney placed the
review in my hands. There is one item, and
only one, which I bad not observed before I
drew up the report, and that was the certifi-
cates or oaths of company A, one hundred and
fifty-fifth regiment. I think the reason these
were overlooked ought to satisfy the most fas-
tidious, .contestant. The statute of Pennsyl-
vania provides the forms in which oaths, cer-
tificates of oaths, poll-boojcs, tally-lists, and
returns are to be sent in duplicate to the sec-
retary of state and the prothonotary of the
county. The several documents are'arranged
in the order in which I have named them, the
oaths and certificates being first, _ the return
last, and the poll-book and tally-list between
them. I believe that in all the hundreds of
returns printed in this and other Pennsylvania
contests there is but one solitary case where
this order is inverted, and that happens to be
the identical case which is now before the
House.
Here the return comes first and the certifi-
cates last. I had examined the return over and
over again, looking for the certificates in their
proper place without finding them. But I had
discovered them before the review was placed
in my hands. And it is true that upon these
pages are to be found the certificates which
this contestant alleges are there. If that fact
would entitle him to have these votes counted
under the ruling of the majority, then they
should be counted by the majorityof the com-
mittee. I, as one of the minority, had ex-
pressed in the report my opinion that this re-
turn ought to be counted, even before I had
discovered the certificates of oaths. Their
discovery, therefore, does not affect me. But
the majority of the committee required not
only the certificates of oaths but also the poll-
books. The latter are wanting; hence the dis-
covery of the certificates does not affect the
majority. But, counting this return, I cannot
vote to give the contested seat to Mr. Fuller,
because" this return added to all the others to
which he is entitled would not destroy the
majority of the sitting member.
I proceed now to the examination of the
return for MeClellan hospital, on page 380.
Here, too, the contestant intimates negligence
on the jjart of the committee. But I was fa-
miliar with that return long before the report
was prepared, and I must again say that the
insinuation that the committee have shown
want of diligence in searching for evidence in
this case is unjust. They have shown more
diligence here, I am sure, than they have ever
shown before or will ever show again in favor
of any contestant at the expense of a sitting
member.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I would like to know for '
whom the gentleman speaks when he says that
hereafter no contestant shall have-as much
care and attention shown to his case as has
been given to this. I think he will find no
such resolution on the records of the commit-
tee that they will never treat another ease as
fairly as this.
Mr. PAINE. Mr.' Speaker, I certainly did
not speak for the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia. I will frankly admit that his habits of
marvelous industry will neoessarily lead him
in all future contests to make as diligent and
thorough an examination as he has made in
this. I merely meant to state the result of
conversations with the committee—a majority
of them, I 'think, though I may be mistaken
about that 
Mr. SCOFIELD. Not the committee, but
individual members of it.
Mr. PAINE. That is all. I do not mean
to say that the committee have taken a vote
on the resolution, but I do say that I believe
they have come to the conclusion that they
have granted in this case indulgence to the
contestant at the expense of the sitting mem-
ber which they will never feel justified in grant-
ing again to any contestant. At all events that
is my conviction.
Now, sir, I was very anxious myself to find
a substantial return in regard to the MeClellan
hospital.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I would like to
understand the gentleman a little more expli-
citly in regard to the retnrn of company A, one
hundred and fifty-fifth regiment. He has'given
an explanation in regard to its not being sworn
to, but he has not explained, I believe, in regard
to setting it aside.
Mr. PAINE. I explained it fully, but the
gentleman does not seem to understand whatl
said. I said that a second objection was that
the poll-book was afcsent, that there was no
jioll-book at all. I am asked again: what dif-
ference that makes. I answer, as I said be-
fore, that it makes no difference with me, it
makes no difference with the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Shellabargek,] who was of tha
minority of the committee in the case of Koonta
vs. Coffroth, nor with my friend from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Scofield,] who was also of the
minority, but it makes a very great difference
with the majority of the committee.
Mr. SHELLABARG-ER. I understand my
colleague to take the ground that the House
must follow its determination in the case of
Koontz vs. Coffroth; that that becomes the law
of the House, which we must follow^ as the
decision of the court of last resort, in this case;
that is, we must follow what my colleague re-
gards as that judgment. Now, I maintain that
neither he nor I nor anybody else is bound to
look upon the decision of the House in a for-
mer case in any other light than a mere prop-
osition, not as authority.
Mr. PAINE. It would be utterly impossible
for me to be more explicit than I have been
on that point. I can only repeat what I have
said. I have said over and over again that if
you count company A, one hundred and fifty-
fifth regiment, as the gentleman from Ohio
believes and as the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania believes it should be counted, and as I
believe it should be counted, it can make no
difference in the result in this case. I further
