682
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
•was divided; and eight were against it. South
Carolina, not disheartened, made another at-
tempt, by moving to add, after the words '' the
several States," the further elause, "according
to the law of such States respectively for the gov-
ernment of their own free white inhabitants,''
thus seeking again to limit the operation of
this guarantee. This proposition was also voted
down by the same decisive majority of eight to
three. And thus did our fathers testify to the
right of representation without distinction of
color. On other occasions, for successive years,
they constantly gave the same testimony.
By two different acts of the Confederation,
one in April, 1783, and another in April, 1784,
the war expenses were apportioned among the
several States, according to "the number of
white and other free citizens and inhabitants "
thus positively embracing colored persons. In
the Act for the temporary government of the
territory " ceded or to be ceded" to the United
States, "dated April 23, 1784, and drawn byJef-
ferson, the voters are declared to be the "free
males of full age, "without distinction of color.
In the famous Ordinance for the government of
the Northwestern Territory, drawn by Nathan
Dane, of Massachusetts, adopted by the Con-
federation July 13, 1787, and then reenaeted
by our Congress, after the adoption of the Con-
stitution, the voters arc declared to be "free
male inhabitants of full age"—again without
distinction of color. Then came successive acts
of Congress for the government, of Territories,
where the rule in the. Ordinance for the north-
western Territories was followed, and there was
no distinction ofcolor. Ifthisrule was changed,
it was only when the partakers in the Revolu-
tion and the authors of the Constitution had
ceased to exercise their influence over public
affairs. The testimony of the Fathers was con-
stant, and it is only of this that I speak on this
occasion.
Turning from the States collectively, and
looking at them individually, we shall find the
same testimony. By the Constitution of New
Hampshire, at the time of the adoption of the
National Constitution, the suffrage was vested
in "every male inhabitant of each town and
parish" with certain qualifications, but without
any exclusion on account ofcolor. By the Con
stitution of Massachusetts, the suffrage was
vested in "every male person" with certain
specific qualifications, but without distinction
of color, Rhode Island, at the adoption of the
Constitution, was under her original colonial
charter, which provided for elections by "the
major part of the freemen of the respective
towns or places," without distinction of color.
Connecticut, was likewise under her original
colonial charter, which required that the voters
should have " maturity in years, quiet and
peaceable behavior, a civil conversation and
forty shillings freehold or forty pounds personal
estate," without distinction of color. By the
Constitution of New York, the suffrage was
vested in "every male inhabitant of full age,"
with certain specified qualifications, but with-
out. distinction of color. By the Constitution
of New Jersey it was vested in " all inhabitants
of this colony of full age," with certain specified
qualifications, but without distinction of color.
By the Constitution of Pennsylvania it was
vested in "every freeman of the full age of
twenty-one years," with certain specified qual-
ifications, but without distinction of color. By
the Declaration of Eights prefixed to the Con-
stitution of Delaware, it was announced that
" every freeman, having sufficient evidence of
permanent common interest,, with an attach-
ment to the community, hath the right of suf-
frage," without distinction of color. By the
Constitution of Maryland the suffrage was
vested in " all freemen above twenty-one years
of age, ' with certain specified qualifications,
but without distinction of color. By the Dec-
laration of Eights prefixed to the Constitu-
tion of Virginia it was announced that "all
men having sufficient evidence of permanent
common interest, with an attachment to the
community, have the right of the suffrage,"
without distinction of color. And it is added
that. " they cannot be taxed or deprived of their
property for public use, without their own con-
sent or that of their representatives so elected,
nor bound by any law to which they have not
in like manner assented for the public good."
By the Constitution of North Carolina the suf-
frage was vested in "all freemen of the age
of twenty-one years," with certain specified
qualifications, and without distinction of color;
and this rule continued down to 1835, when the
Constitution was amended or rather, let me say
perverted. That eminent citizen, Chief Justice
Gaston, of North Carolina, in giving judgment
at a later day, said: " It is a matter of univer-
sal notoriety thai free persons, without regard
to color, claimed and exercised the franchise."
(4 Dev. and Battle, Rep. 35. The State vs.
Manual.) By the Constitution of Georgia the
suffrage was vested in "citizens and inhab-
itants," with certain specified qualifications,
but without distinction ofcolor. To these States
1 may add Tennessee, which was carved out
of North Carolina, andfollowed her benign ex-
ample. Her Constitution, which was adopted
in 1796, vested the suffrage in " every freeman
of twenty-one years," with certain qualifica-
tions, but without distinction of color; and this
rule continued down to the perversion of the
Constitution in 1834. Mr. Cave Johnson, of
Tennessee, once Postmaster General, is re-
ported to have said that he was originally elected
to Congress by the votes of colored persons,
and I have heard Mr. John Bell make the same
confession with regard to himself.
It only remains to speak of South Carolina,
the early and constant marplot of republican
institutions, where, by the Constitution, the suf-
frage was vested "in every free white man, and
no other person," with certain specified quali-
fications. This was the only State, among the
original Thirteen, which at, that time allowed a
discrimination, founded oil color, to find a place
in its Constitution. It was the only State which,
after uniting in a National Declaration, that
"all men are created equal," openly and auda-
ciously commenced the example of a "white
man's Government." This apostate idea, which
has since played such a part as a disturber of
the national peace, was then and there born, as
the opposite idea was born in Massachusetts,
under the inspiring words of James Otis. And
every other State followed this early voice.
Their constitutions spoke of "persons," "in-
habitants," "freemen," orbetterstill "men,"
without any prefix of "white." Color wan not
mentioned. But even in South Carolina, which
introduced the discreditable tyranny into her
Constitution, this exclusion was more apparent
than real. In point, of fact, eveu as late as
1700, when the first, census was taken, there
were in this State only one thousand eight hun-
dred and one free colored citizens. Of course
their exclusion was wrong, mean, and unre-
publican; but I do not assert thai, it was on
such a scale as to justify the interference of
the Nation to reform it, especially where there
was no lapse of the State Government. On the
other hand its sufferance cannot be interpreted
into a waiver of the principles for which the
Revolution was fought.
Such are the public acts of the States collect-
ively and individually at the time of the adop-
tion of the National Constitution, illustrating
with rare harmony the American idea of a Re-
public, and testifying against any exclusion
founded on color. Add to these that the Na-
tional Constitution, which carefully excepts
" Indians not taxed " from the basis of repre-
| sentation, pays an open homage to the princi-
i pie that there can be no taxation without repre-
1 sentation. Add then, that it expressly founds
the Government upon "the people," not only
in the preamble, which begins "we, the people,"
but also in providing that the House of Repre-
sentatives shall bo' • chosen by the people of the
several States." Add also the crowning fact,
that it recognizes no distinction ofcolor—that
! it treats all with the same impartial justice—
1 and who are you, sir, who will dare to foist into
this Magna Carta an oligarchical idea which can
i lind no sanction 111 its republican text?
american definition of a republican govern-
ment.
And here I bring this part of the argument
to a close. We have seen the origin of the con-
troversy which led to the Revolution, when
Otis, with such wise hardihood, insisted upon
Equal Rights, and then giving practical effect
to the lofty demand, sounded the battle-cry
that "Taxation without Representation is Tyr-
anny." We have followed this controversy in
its anxious stages, where these principles were
constantly asserted and constantly denied, until
it broke forth in battle; we have seen these
Srinciples adopted as the very frontlet of the
lepublic, when it assumed its place in the fam-
ily of nations, and then again when it ordained
its Constitution ; we have seen them avowed and
illustrated in memorable words by the greatest
authorities of the time; lastly, we have seen
them embodied in public acts of the States col-
lectively and individually; and now, out of this
concurring, cumulative, and unimpeachable
testimony, constituting a speaking aggregation
absolutely without precedent, I offer you the
American definition of a Republican "form of
government. It is in vain that you cite phi-
losophers or publicists, or the examples of for-
mer history. Against these I put the early and
constant postulates of the Fathers, the corpo-
rate declarations of the Fathers, the avowed
opinions of the Fathers, and the public acts of
the Fathers, all with one voice proclaiming:
first, that all men are Equal in rights ; and sec-
ondly, that Governments derive their just powers
from the consent of the governed; and here is
the American idea of a Republic, which must
be adopted in the interpretation of the National
Constitution. You cannot reject it. As well
reject the decalogue in determining moral du-
ties, or as well reject the multiplication table in
determining a question of arithmetic.
Counter to this irresistible conclusion there
can be only one suggestion having any seeming
plausibility, and this is founded on the contem-
porary recognition of slavery. On this point it
is enough if I remind you, first , that our fathers
did not recognize slavery as a permanent part
of our system, but treated it as exceptional and
transitory, while they concealed it from view
by words which might mean something else;
secondly, that the slave was always regarded,
legally and politically, as a part of the family
of his master, according to the nomenclature of
Blackstone's Commentaries, which were much
read at the time, where master and servant were
grouped with husband and wife, parent and
child, and, as in the ease of wife and child, the
slave was represented by the head of the family,
who also paid the taxes on his account, so that,
in his case, the cardinal principle of the Revo-
lution. associating representation and taxation
together, was not in any respect violated ; and
thirdly, that by the acts of the Continental
Congress, and bv all the State Constitutions,
except that of South Carolina, all distinction
of color was discarded in determining the elect-
ive franchise, and that one of the authorized
expounders of the National Constitution at the
time Alexander Hamilton announced in the
Federalist, as if anticipating the very question
now before us, if the lawk were to restore
the rights wiiioii have been taken away,
the neouoes could no longer re refused an
equal share of representation with other
inhabitants. Such was the understanding,
and such was the promise at the adoption of
the Constitution. Such was the declared mean-
ing of our fathers, according to the contempo-
rary testimony of Alexander Hamilton. There-
fore, while confessing sorrowfully their incon-
sistency in recognizing slavery, and throwing
over their shame the mantle which the son of
Noah threw over his father, we must reject
every argument, or inference on this account
against the true idea of a Republic, which is
none other than where all the citizens have an
equalroicein the Go* eminent. As Washington,
by his augusl example, gave to mankind a new
idea of political greatness, so did the Fathers,
by their great example, give to mankind a new
idea of government. Do you ask again for
