1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ion of the committee, to tiie admission of fraudu-
lent votes into that ballot-box to an amount that
rendered it necessary, under decisions of this
House heretofore, to reject entirely the vote
east in that district. In order to ascertain be-
forehand who were entitled to vote upon the
day of election in the eity of New York", and
because of the utter impossibility of the in-
spectors of election determining that judicial
question with any fairness or correctness upon
the day of election itself, the Legislature of
New York have created a tribunal, a judicial
tribunal, for that purpose, and have provided
that the supervisors of the county of New York
shall appoint each year for each election dis-
trict in the whole city three men, to be called
a board of registry for the district. They also
provided that the duty which this board is to
perform is to register the name, street, and
number, before the election day, of every voter
in the city.
In order that they might be cognizant of their
duties, and able to determine who in each elec-
tion district is an elector, as well as in order
better to guard against cheating or devices to
circumvent them, the law wisely provides that
those three inspeclois of registry shall be resi-
dents in and voters in the election distiiet for
which they are appointed, so that they may
bring to the discharge of their duties a general
familiarity with the district, and with its resi-
dents, and the qualifications of its voters.
I am under the necessity of asking the atten-
tion of the House to every one of these provis-
ions, for 1 shall submit that in the ease before
the House every one of them was violated.
They provide, further, that this board shall
hold a session for two days, or rather for one
day, with permission to extend it to two days ;
provided the number of votes cast at the last
previous election exceeded the number regis-
tered 400. . In the case before the Iionse that
gave them two days. The law provides that
those two days shall be the third Tuesday lie-
lore the election and the Wednesday following
it. It provides, further, that they shall hold
these meetings in the place designated for hold-
ing the election, for the purpose of letting
everybody in the district know where to go for
all the purposes connected with this registry.
The law further provides that in making out
this registry they shall, in the first instance,
take frum the poll-list of the last animal elec-
tion, which is for that purpose deposited with
the county clerk, all such names as appear to
them to be voters in the district. They arc
then to hold a court and appoint a clerk if
they need one ; and the law goes so far as to
prescribe the particular oath that that clerk
shall take to secure his tidelity in a record
which he is to make, which becomes subse-
quently of vital impyrtance to the carrying out
of an honest billot. They were to hold this
court for two da\s. and before them any one
was to appear who desired to have his nasne
registered ns a voter, and to make sacli proof
as would satisfy the board that he was a voter.
Tliev were then to make four copies of the
register thus prepared, to be certified by this
clerk to lie correct, or by the board of registry,
I am not certain which; nor is it material.
One of these copies they were to post up in
this place designated for holding the election.
So that during that time, nearly three weeks
before the day of election, any one in the
disirict having the slightest interest, to know
whether he was registered as a voter, or whether
anvbody else was registered as a voter who in
his opinion was not a voter, could repair to
this place, known to the law and to the resi-
dents of the district, and read for himself and
copy for his own use, if ho desired, this list
thus posted up. That was considered a great
sat'egaai d, because it opened this register for
two weeks to the inspection of the whole dis-
Then this board was to meet on the Tuesday
next preceding the election, two weeks after
their lir>t meeiin«, for the purpose of correct-
ing this register: that is, by striking off the
name of every person who was then and there
before this court proved not to be a voter, and
by adding thereto the name of every person
who was proved to be a voter. Then they were
to furnish copies of this register so corrected
to the inspectors of election who were to pre-
side at the election. These inspectors were re-
quired by law to perform certain specific duties,
ministerial in all respects but one. That one
was this: when any person came to the poll to
deposit his ballot, and it was found that his
name was not upon the register, he could be
registered specially by producing sufficient
proof; his own affidavit of his right to vote,
the reasons why his name had not been before
registered, and also the testimony of a house-
holder in the district to corroborate his state-
ment. And by pursuing this course, a man
whose name was not upon the register could
secure the reception of his ballot and its de-
posit in the ballot-box.
Then the law prescribed, in so many words,
that the inspectors of election should receive
no vote whatever that did not comply with
these provisions, that is to say, of any person
who was not upon -the register before the day
of election, or was not put upon tiie register
on the day of electipn upon this special proof.
Now, with this tedious explanation of the
law, I beg leave now to submit to the House
what was the proof in relation to the fifteenth
district of the eighteenth ward of the city of
New York. That was a new district, set off
from the twelfth district of that ward, subse-
quent to the last election. Before the election
in question it had been a part of the twelfth
district. Tn July, previous to the election, the
city authorities set off the fifteenth district from
the twelfth district, by metes and bounds.
But no place for holding the election in No-
vember was designated by the common coun-
cil, as required bylaw, at that time, nor at any
subsequent time unt il the 3d day of November.
Air. BROOKS. Of course the gentleman
wants to state the facts correctly. He states
that no place was designated by the common
council.
Mr. DAWES. I should have said, probably,
by the citv authorities.
Sir. BROOKS. The place was designated
on September 9, I think.
Mr. DAWES. 1 said "common council"
wheal should have said '' city authorities,"
that is all.
Mr. BROOKS. The point I want to make
is that the place was designated, so that every-
body knew it, by one branch at least of the
city government, the common council, on the
9th of September.
Mr. DAWES. I am told that in point of
fact the eommpn council wanted it at one liquor
shop, and the board of aldermen wanted it at
another liquor shop. So they differed, and
could not agree on the place of election until
the 3d day of November. Therefore, in point
of fact, it was just as 1 have stated, that the
place of election was not designated until the
time I have named.
ilr. BROOKS. The learned gentleman is
indulging in his wit; but I want to state some
facts in connection with the matter. The coun-
cilman of the ward was a Democrat, and the
alderman of the ward was a Republican; and
the two together probably combined in the se-
lection of the liquor shop of which the gentle-
man speaks.
Mr. DAWES. 1 suppose my fiend, the
sitting member, is as anxious and as impatient
as possible to bring politics in this case.
Mr. BROOKS. Oh, no; I am as impatient
as possible if politics are brought into this case.
Mr. DAWES. 1 wish the House to bear in
mind that the gentleman has interrupted me
for the purpose of introducing polities.
Mr. BROOKS. I beg the gentleman's par-
don. lie stated that the common council of
Mew York did not state the place till November
I rose to a correction of fact, and stated
that in the month of September the common
ceuneil did designate the place. I rose simply
to correct the statement of fact, and I hombly
rose, for I recognize the gentleman as my judge
in this case.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I think that I
stated the matter with entire accuracy, except,
perhaps, that I used the words ■' common coun-
cil'' when I should have used the words "city
authorities."
It is true, Mr. Speaker, that an effort was
made to designate the place earlier than the
3d of November. ■ I do not know that this cir-
cumstance. inasmuch as no place was desig-
nated till the 3d of November, has any other
bearing than that which I suggested, that one
branch of the city government wanted one
ljquor shop selected, and another branch wanted
another.
In point of fact, no place was designated until
the 3d of November; and that was not made
known until the 7th of November, which was
the day before the election. All the other
places designated for holding elections had
been since Octoberpublished everyday, 1 think,
in the daily papers of New York. That publi-
cation, instead of containing a designation of
the place for voting in the fifteenth district of
the eighteenth ward, contained these words:
"fifteenth district of eighteenth ward not des-
ignated;" but all the district was informed by
the official paper that it was of no use to attempt
to hunt up a place, for none had been desig-
nated. So that there was an official proclama-
tion to every elector in that district, up to the
day before the election, that there was no place
for holding this election and making the registry.
It was officially promulgated up to the day
before the election that no place bad yet been
appointed for holding this election; and there-
fore there was no place for the board of regis-
try to meet ; no place for making up regis-
try ; no place where the electors could appear
before the board of registry, and no place where
the board of registry could according to law
pass upon the qualifications of voters. The
registry appointed was appointed in violation
of the law by the selection of three men, no
one of whom was, as required by law, a resi-
dent or voter in that district. Three men who
were strangers to the district were selected.
Although the law specially, and for the reason
1 have suggested, provided that they should be
residents and voters in this particular election
district, these men were neither residents nor
voters in the district. They selected their own
place for meeting. They could not do other-
iv ise ; for the body required by law to select
for them had failed to select it. They selected
their own place of meeting; but they did not
give notice to anybody, so that nobody had any
knowledge of where they were to meet. They
organized by the choice o£ one of their number
as chairman, who having business in the coun-
try left and was not present nt all during the
remainder of the sitting of the board.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
from Massachusetts allow me to ask him a
question ?
Mr. DAWES. Certainly.
Mr. EARNSWORTII. As I am called upon
to vote upon this question, I desire to be fully
informed with regard to the facts of the case.
1 wish to inquire of the gentleman whether there
is any evidence in this case to show that any
man who desired to be registered in that dis-
trict, or who desired to vote on election day,
was unable to find the place of registry or the
place of voting in consequence of its not hav-
ing been advertised?
Mr. DAWES. I have been laboring a good
while to gel to the point. The gentleman has
very properly manifested his impatience; I do
not wonder at it; but if he will bear with me,
I will reach, by regular approaches, the point
which he has suggested.
I have stated, sir, that the board was not
constituted according to law. 'They deemed
it necessary to have a clerk. They appointed
a man as clerk who took the oath prescribed,
but being desirous to furnish business for his
brother, he substituted his brother for himself,
