1866.].
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26f
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Contested Election—Mr. Pcdne.
Ho. of Reps.
the contestant did not appear on that day, nor
did we receive any explanation of his absence,
except a vague rumor that illness detained him
at home. On the 4th day of May he at last
returned to the committee-room, and instead
oj' proceeding with the case upon the evidence
already printed, he presented some four hun-
dred additional documents, which he asked us
to receive in evidence and order printed. Leave
to postpone the hearing from April 27 to May
4 and obtain additional evidence had neither
been'asked nor granted, and yet we decided to
accept these new proofs and print them for him
at (lie expense of the United-States. Such of
them as he desired to.have printed were printed
in this volume of four hundred pages.
There were also presentedin the case, before
it finally closed, two briefs of the contestant,
which have been printed and have been used
before the committee, and whcii the case came
up finally for decision, there was printed for the
contestant this third brief, [holding a paper up
in his hand,] which I will say here is most cred-
itable to the attorneys for the contestant, and
has been of great service in the examination
of the ease.
After we had heard the case for the last time,
after the contestant had consumed nine days in
our committee-room, and the sitting member
had- consumed four days, after we had spent
many days in working out the details of the
case, and after the decision of the committee
had been communicated to the House in this
report, the contestant laid ujjon the desks of
members another document signed by him and
entitled " A short review of the report of the
Committee of Elections." Now, sir, the Com-
mittee of Elections found the majority of the
sitting member to be 21 votes. It has been
said here and many times reiterated that the
committee found the majority to be only 15.
I will.not consume the time of the House now
by referring to the language of the report.
But T will state again that we found that the
sitting member had a majority of 21 votes. I
myself, as an individual member of the com-
mittee, adhered to the position which I took
in the case of Koontz vs. Coffroth, and held
the sitting mcmber'-s majority to be 4.
I have been willing ever since this ease was
before us, even since it was decided, and up to
this moment—I am willing now to reconsider
any portion of it in which I may be charged
with error. And if I can be convinced that I
am wrong, I am ready at this moment to vote
for the contestant.
Sir, the only consistency that I care for in
such a case as this is consistency in the pur-
suit of truth; and this I will maintain, what-
ever the result may be. Having been intrusted
with the task of working out the details of this
case, I have carefully reviewed them again
and again, in order that I might avoid mistake
and consequent injustice. I will confess, how-
ever, that [ have not escaped those feelings
which 1 have no doubt all men experience
to a greater or less extent in similar circum-
stances. In entering upon its investigation
I resolved to accept whatever result it might
lead to, and, yet I felt a strong hope that the
result of that investigation would enable me to
vote in favor of awarding to the contestant the
seat which he claims. 1 could not avoid the
desire that such might be the result, because
he is my political friend, and I had more per-
sonal acquaintance with him than with the sit-
ting member. But, sir, I have not forgotten
from the beginning of this examination to the
end of it—I trust 1 shall never, forget—that in
a case like this I am, whether acting in the
committee-room or in this House, both judge
and j uror, and that I cannot act as a mere par-
tisan without a violation of my duty and my
oath. And I tell this House that after having
carefully examined this case over and over
again, both before and after the report was
printed, hoth before and after this "short re-
view'' by "Smith Fuller, contestant," was put
into my hands, I have a clear and- firm con-
viction that John L. Dawson is entitled to re-
tain the seat which he now holds in this House.
I feel a greater confidence in the correctness
of my conviction concerning the merits of this
case than I have felt in any case which has
been before the committee since I have been a
member of it. Not only ijs there in my mind
no reasonable doubt as to "the right of the sit-
ting member to retain the seat he now occu-
pies, but an irresistible conviction compels me
to give him^my vote, and I could not do other-
wise without being guilty of a violation of the
oath which I took as a member of this House,
without a violation of my sense of honor as a
gentleman aud of my conscience as an honest
man.
Sir, in that " short review" of the report,
which was handed to us by the contestant, he
asks us to reconsider the case. I have care-
fully reconsidered it since that pamphlet was
handed to me ; I had reviewed it before; and
there is nothing presented in this document,
there has been nothing presented to this House
by any of the gentlemen who have taken jiart
in this debate, that I had not considered fully
and carefully, over and over again, before that
document was placed in my hands. One point
in the case had escaped my attention when I
drew up the report; but before the pamphlet
was handed to me I had discovered it, and re-
solved to present it to the House. That was the
case of company A, one hundred and fifty-fifth
regiment. I have already informed this House
of the immateriality of that return so far as it
concerns the issue before us. And now I have
to say to this House—and I call attention to
the statement—that if you should proceed, as
the contestant asks yon to do, to review and
correct this case, the majority for the sitting
member would be increased by 16 votes at
least. By careful reexamination since the re-
port was prepared I find that you would have
to add to the majority of the sitting member 4
votes for company C, fourth cavalry, and 12
votes for company Iv, one hundred and fifth
regiment. If the contestant insists upon a re-
view of this case, and is willing to abide the
result of that review, it will compel him to re-
tire from this House with a larger majority
against him than that which the committee
have reported.
When I drew the report I supposed that the
return for company C, fourth cavalry, which is
found on page 8 of the book containing the evi-
dence of the sitting member, came from the
office of the secretary of the Commonwealth,
and therefore could be counted in this case;
but upon the last careful review that I have
made I have discovered that there is before
this House no proof which will authorize us
to count those 4 votes. The return, strictly
so called, from the office of the prothono-
tary, shown on page 19 of the contestant's
second book, was on its face regular, but on
reexamination of the return set out on page 8
of the book of the sitting member, which I
supposed to have been made by the secretary
of the Commonwealth, I find that it was made
by the prothonotary of Westmoreland county.
It shows, what does not apppear on page 19
of the second book, that voters from each of
the three counties of the district took part in
the election. For reasons fully explained in
the case of Lincoln hospital in the report this
paper can only be evidence of the Westmore-
land county vote. But the whole number of
voters for Westmoreland county was 16. The
entire vote returned for Mr. Fuller is 18 and
for Mr. Dawson 13. It is not shown how many
of the 1G Westmoreland county voters voted
for the candidates respectively. Hence the con-
testant cannot insist upon counting the return
unless he allows Mr. Dawson 13 of the 1G votes.
If rejected, it would increase the majority of
Mr. Dawson by 4 only, a correction of 1 vote
having already been made in the report.
I have discovered also that the return of
company K, one hundred and fifth regiment,
shows that the votes cast by that company, of
which the contestant had a majority of 12,
were cast for John L. Dawson and Smith Fuller
for the Senate of the State of Pennsylvania."
As the chairman of the committee said yester-
day, it would be an unprecedented course foir
us to count those votes without some proof that
there was a mistake in the return. The inser-
tion in this return of what would probably b&
claimed to be copies of the"ballots themselves
has no semblance of legal proof. But the
deposition of one of the judges or clerks would
have shown that the votes were cast for Repre-
sentative in Congress, and that a mistake had-
been made in the return if such were the facts.
But I pass from this to the returns which the
committee rejected wholly or in part. There'
were seventeen of these returns, namely :
Dawson. Falter.
1. Battery II, 4th artillery 0 4
2. McClellan hospital   0 - 3
3. Company 0, 4th cavalry 13 . 18
4. Camp Parolo  0 ' 1
5. Carver hospital 4' 4
0. 20oth regiment, field and. staff. 0 2,
7. Company A, ISSth regiment 0 7
8. Lincoln hospital  0 15 -
9. Company E, 204th regiment  0 2
10. Company K, 4th cavalry 1 3
11. Co's E and C, 99th and 70th regt's  0 3
12. Camp Hamilton    0 1
13. Filbert street hospital:.  0 - 2
14. Satterloe hospital 1 6
35. Bepot fiold hospital 0 4
16. Company C, 212th rogiment  8 4
17. Company If, 211th regiment 13 10
Of these nine were so worthless that no man
in this House can under any pretense of refus-
ing to disfranchise soldiers count a single one of
them. I now refer to the returns for company
E, two hundred and fourth regiment; company
E, fourth cavalry; companies E and C, ninety
ninth and seventy-sixth regiments; Camp Ham-
ilton; Filbert street hospital; Satterlee hos-
pital ; Depot field hospital; company O, two-
hundred and twelfth regiment; and company
H, two hundred and eleventh regiment, which
I have numbered from nine to seventeen in-
clusive. The only proof, so far as company E,
two hundred and fourth regiment, and com-
pany E, fourth cavalry, are concerned, is what
purports to be a copy made and certified by the
prothonotary of Westmoreland county of an
abstract of votes made by the prothonotary of
Alleghany county, in another district. Neither
the abstract nor the certified copy was author-
ized by law. The return for company E, ninety-
ninth regiment, and company G-, seventy-sixth
regiment, had already been counted once as •
the return for Cuyler hospital, and of course
should not be counted the second time. But I
call the attention of the House to the Camp
Hamilton return at page 310 of this book. I
wish the House to see what it is that provokes
such a hue and cry about the threatened dis-
franchisement of the soldiers. Here is the
return. It shows only one thing, that three
men were sworn as judges and two us clerks
of the election. There is not one word to
show that a single vote was cast by any elector
for any candidate. And because I refused to
count that I am charged with consenting to dis-
franchise the soldiers in the field.
If the contestant can introduce that docu-
ment and claim one single vote as the result
of it, he can claim five hundred or one thou-
sand just as well. If this document can prove
one vote for a Republican in a Republican
Congress, it could as well prove one thousand
for a Democrat if this were a Democratic
Congress. This return is a complete blank.
Why shall we permit the contestant to fill the
blank at his pleasure rather than the sitting
member? It is a mistake to say that the rejec-
tion of such a paper involves the disfranchise-
ment of the soldiers. Its admission would
necessarilj' work their disfranchisement, for it
would leave them no certainty that their votes
would ever be correctly returned.
I come next to Filbert street hospitid, on
page 333 of the second book. The evidence
