268
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 13,
Ho. of Beps.
Contested Election■—Mr. Paine.
39tii Cong.... 1st Sess.
shows that certain persons were chosen judges
and clerks of the election, and that 48 electors
voted, but it does not show for what candi-
dates any of them voted. Is it a virtual dis-
franchisement of the soldiers to refuse to per-
mit the contestant fco appropriate these votes
without proof that they were cast for him?
In the case of Satterlee hospital, on page
330 of the second book, there is no return,
and the tally-list is only signed by two clerks.
It might as well be signed by two boot-blacks.
If there was any good reason why the judges
did not sign it, there has been abundant op-
portunity since November, 18G4, to show by
depositions what that reason was. The return
for the Depot hospital will be found on page
346 of the second book. I ask you to mark
the effrontery of the contestant's claim in this
case. The poll-book shows that only four sol-
diers of. the twenty-first congressional district
voted at this hospital. But in the tally-list it
is set forth that John L. Dawson had 2 votes
and Smith Puller 4, and the same statement is
again made in the return. And yet the con-
testant, who introduces this return, does not
hesitate to count all of the votes for himself
in making up his alleged majority of 18 votes.
But Mr. Dawson should have 2 of these votes,
and the result, instead of being a majority of
4 for Mr. Fuller, is-an even vote.
The proof respecting the vote of company
C, two hundred and twelfth regiment, is nothing
but a Westmoreland prothonotary's copy of an
Alleghany prothonotary's abstract, and is not
entitled to a moment's consideration. The evi-
dence respecting company H, two hundred and
eleventh regiment, on page 341 of the second
book, shows that certain persons were selected
as judges and clerks, and gives the names of
28 voters of this district, but does not show
how one of them voted. I have already shown
that a reconsideration of the case would exclude
the return of company 0, fourth cavalry. Of
the remaining seven returns six ought, in my
judgment, to be counted. They are the returns
for battery H, fourth artillery, MeCIellan hos-
pital, Camp Parole, Carver hospital, two hun-
dred and sixth regiment field and staff, and com-
pany A, one hundred and lifty-fillh regiment,
i have repeatedly stated in the report arid in
the progress of the debate the reasons why I
think these returns should be embraced in the
canvass.
One only of the seventeen rejected returns
remains to be considered. It is the Lincoln
hospital return. The contestant in his short
review of the report makes the following state-
ments respecting this vote:
"Tho committee doclined to count 7 votes polled
for mo at Lincoln hospital, District of Columbia,
upon the ground that they had not been properly
returned. The return contained a majority of 15
votes for mo; 8 of them had been polled by soldiers
from Westmoreland county, and tho others from
Fayette and Indiana, the other counties in the dis-
trict. The committcc held that although the return
of tho election was in all due form, and had been
returned to one of the legal depositaries of the dis-
trict, it could not be counted because it had not been
returned to all. They admit, however, that if this
return had been returned to the secretary of tho
State of Pennsylvania it would have been all right
and should be counted. They admit also that it was
returned to the secretary of state, as is shown by
tho certificate of the secretary ofstato, on page 68 of
Book No. 1, but they say that this is only an abstract,
and they cannot receive it as evidence. Itis just such
evidence as was admitted in the case of Vallandig-
ham vs. Campbell, Bartlett's Contested-Election
Cases, page 229, and Barrett vs. Blair, same, page 317.
" But what I consider most unjust to me and to tho
majority of the people of tho district, is the fact that
I procured this return in full, and just as the com-
mittee require it from tho sccrctary of state* and
had it referred by the House to this committee, as I
can prove by my counsel and by the clerk who com-
pared and numbered all the certificates. The papers
on file in tho room of this committee show that all
the other returns are there in full from tho secretary
of state, duly numbered, except this particular
return, and it is gone. This return was No. 04,
as appears from the book, and ice find Kos. 63 and
65 on file, but 64is missing/ This return alone, added
to tho ten above, if it had not been lost by the com-
mittee, would have elected me by 2 votes. I appeal
t<? every'fair-minded man to say if it is just to me
or to the people of the twenty-first district for this
jommittee, when they admit they had the evidence
before them that this return was in the office of the
secretary of state, and when they knew it would
show that I had a majority of the votes polled in the
district, not to notify mo that it had been mislaid,
from their files. They had lostthepaperthemselves
and they could have replaced it in a few hours by
writing to the secretary of the State of Pennsylva-
nia at Harrisburg. On reading the report of the
committee, a copy of this lost return was sent for to
Governor Curtin, and is now on hand in.full, marked,
as it is, a ' duplicate copy.'
" It thus appears that this committee have counted
me out by mistaking the facts and ln<ting my papers,
as they admit. I was elected by tho rules laid down
by themselves for measuring this case."
After Mr. Fuller's review had Beea placed
upon our desks, he handed to the chairman of
the committee a regular return for Lincoln hos-
pital, with the following affidavit, namely:
In the Thirty-Ninth Congress.
Contested Election—Fuller vs. Dawson.
Washington, D. C.:
Before the undersigned appeared William A. Cook,
who on his oath says that he was one of the counsel
of Dr. Smith Fuller, contestant for the seat now held
by Hon. J. L. Dawson in the House nf Representa-
tives; that after the certified copies of the poll-books
or returns from the secretary of state arrived from
Harrisburg and passed into the hands of the contest-
ant, they were carefully examined and compared by
this deponent and others with tho county returns or
copies certified by the prothonotaries of the several
counties, as well as with the abstract of returns pre-
viously obtained from the secretary of state, and
schedules made of them; that at the time of that com-
parison and examination Lincoln hospital, which
gave Smith Fuller 15 votes, 8 from W estmoreland
county, 5 from Indiana, and 2 from Fayette, was
among the number received from the secretary of
state; that it was numbered 64, corresponding with
tho same number from Westmoreland county and
schedules retained; that these returns were then
plaoed together and by this deponent and the con-
testant presented, or caused to be presented, to the
House and referred to the Committee of Elections,
and that afterward, under the direction of tho said
clerk and in presence of said contestant, all the re-
turns from the counties were prepared for printing,
and wherever a county return was supposed to be
defective or required explanation the certified copy
from the secretary of state was also printed and the
otherslefton lilein the committee-room; that among
these was the entire poll-book and return, complete
in all respects, from the secretary of state, of Lincoln
hospital, numbered 64, and agreeing in all respects as
regards number of votes, <fcc., with that from West-
moreland county: that after preparing them in the
mode indicated lists of theso so prepared and of those
on file were retained; that on seeing the report of tho
committee, and surprised that thestateraentwas made
that there was no State certificate, and that 7 votes
were therefore rejected for the contestant, these lists
were examined, and application was at once made
to Governor Curtin for a copy of tho return, which
was promptly received marked "duplicate,'' and
which is perfect in all respects, and is now on hand.
The deponent also states that the brief of the sitting
member refers to the return from Lincoln hospital as
objectionable because, as is alleged, there was "no
certificate tromsecretary of state;" but the brief was
not printed until after the argumentof the case closed,
and a copy of it was not procured until a special mes-
senger was sent for it to the room of tho committee
sometime after it was filed there, and it has never
been submitted to cither the contestant or his coun-
sel, nor, so far as the deponent knows, was it ever in
writing before the committee during any period of
the argument, while the contestant's briefs were, in
compliance with thedemandofthccommittee, printed
at the outset of the argument on the merits of the
case. And the deponent further says that, if neces-
sary, he is prepared he believes to furnish on proper
demand additional affidavits as to the fact of the re-
turn in question being referred by the House to the
committee; and he herewith incloses the44 duplicate "
copy received from the secretary of state.
WILLIAM A. COOK.
Sworn and subscribed before the undersigned this
r. _ i 3d of July, 1866.
s-] EDMUND F. BROWN,_
Notary Public.
' The chairman of the committee thereupon
inclosed'copies of this affidavit and of the
contestant's review, accompanied by several
interrogatories relating to the subject, to Mr.
Bartlett, the clerk of the committee, who
was then in New England. The following
answers were received:
West Haven, Connecticut, July 5,1866.
Dear Sir; Your note of the 3d instant surprises
me. It is impossible that any part of the ovidence
in the case of Fuller vs. Dawson (or in any other
case) can have been lost. In accordance with the
usage of the committee, Mr. Fuller and his counsel
arranged the order of their papers for the printer,
and prepared the index. The work was done under
the direction of Mr. Cook, one of Mr. Fuller's coun-
sel. In this ease you will remember that a very large
amount of record evidence was brought in long after
the case was opened. It'is customary to allow the
party interested to make his own selections from this
kind of evidence for the printer. Mr. Cook (for Mr.
Fuller) did so in this case: and all the papers which
ho stated it was nnnecessary to print were at once
locked up by me. The papers which he selected for
the printer were tied up and sent to the printer by
me at once.
Some time after the argument in the case was
closed, Goncral Paine desired to examine the origi-
nal papers, and I delivered them to him, (both the
printed and unprinted manuscripts,) and they were
in his hands for two or three days. As I did not ex-
amine a page of the manuscript evidcncc in the case,
it is impossible for me to identify any particular pa-
per, but I cannot believe that it was possible to loso
one of the documents.
I came here, as you know, at the urgent summons
of my family, because of illness that required my
presence. If you will write or telegraph me that I
can be of any scrvice in this matter, I will return
instantly.
•Truly yours, e D. W. BARTLETT.
Mr. Dawes.
Copy of questions addressed to Mr. Bartlett by the chair-
man of the. committee, at the request o/Mr. Paine, and
of Mr. Bartlett's ansioers to the several questions :
Mr. Bartlett's attention should be called to the
following points;
1. Who selected the papers to be printed?
2. Were all papers which Mr. Fuller selected
printed?
3. Did Mr. Bartlett lose any papers?
4. What did Mr. Fuller (the attorney) say while
he was hunting for this lost paper in the committee-
room?
5. What is tho usage as to printing and indexing
papers?
6; Is it the practice of the committee to read thoso
not printed?
Answers:
3. Mr. Cook.
2. They were all sent to the printer ?
3. Certainly not.
4. I have not the slightest recollection. He asked
for the manuscripts, and I gaVe them to him.
5. The parties select such of their own papers as
they wish to be printed and make their own index.
0. It is not. D BARTLETT.
West Haven, Connecticut, July 5,1866,
What the committee reported respecting this
return will be easily ascertained from the report
itself. That portion which relates to Lincoln
hospital is in the following words, namely:
"Lincolnhospital, (No. 16.) Ofthese 15votes, 8 are
for Westmoreland, 5 for Indiana, amd 2 for Fayette.
The only proof before the committee respecting any
of these votes, except the abstract on page 68 of Book
1, which is not legal evidence, was tho certified tran-
script of tho prothonotary of Westmoreland county.
And tho question is whethcr^his transcript is com-
petent evidence of the vote for Fayette and Indiana
counties. The following are the statutory provisions
of Pennsylvania bearing upon the question:"
They are cited at length.
" These provisions do not seem to make the certi-
fied transcript of the prothonotary of one county
competent evidence of the votes of other counties.
The prothonotary appears to be the lawful deposi-
tary of military returns, so far as they pertain to his
own county and no further. Andhccanonlycertifyto
those of which he is tholawful custodian; atthessa-me
time the practical effect of sifch a construction of* the
law should not be overlooked. Separate poll-books,
tally-lists, and returns are made for each of the coun-
ties. If three voters, one from each county, present
themselves at the polls, their ballots are all deposited
without number, mark, or other means of indent,ifi-
cation, in one ballot-box, and the name of each is
entered upon a separate poll-book for his own county.
At the close of the polls the judges count the votes
and find 3 for Representative in Congress from this
district. Suppose 1 to be for Mr. Dawson and 2 for
Mr. Fuller, the judges are unable to prepare either
the separate tally-lists or the separate returns, be-
cause they cannot know whether the vote for Mr.
Dawson was cast by the Westmoreland, Indiana, or
Fayette voter. A literal compliance with the law is
absolutely impossible. They knowthat fortheentire
district Mr. Dawson appears to have 1 vote and Mr.
Fuller 2, but to which county to return the respective
votes they cannotpossibly decide. Andif theymake
a return purporting to show for which counties the
respective votes for Mr. Fuller were cast, it must
noccssarily be fictitious. It is therefore impossible
for the county return judges and of course for the
district return judges to canvass any votes cast under
such circumstanccs. And unless there is some other
legal mode of proof such votes might be utterly lost
in a contest in this House, if a transcript certified by
the prothonotary of onocountycouldnotbeadmitted
to prove the votes of another. But there is another
instrument of proof, the certified transcript of the
secretary of the Commonwealth, who is the lawful
depositary of military returns for every county in tho
State. This is not produced in the present case, and
only 8 of the votes contained in this return can be
counted."
An examination of the documents which I
have submitted shows that all the material
state.ments of the contestant's review respect-
