3668
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
ings which may now be dormant. What would
be the effect if you were to send negro regi-
ments into the community in which I live to
brandish their awords and exhibit their pistols
and their guns? Their very presence would
be a stench in the nostrils of the people from
whom I come. A negro soldier riding up and
down the streets and through your country,
dressed in a little brief authority, to insult
white raen! I have no objection to soldiers of
the regular Army being stationed in any com-
munity in which I live. In former years, when
I was from home, in other States, I have been
in the neighborhood of garrisons, and I have
seen the soldiers generally well behaved; but
if you were to send and quarter among white
people a regiment of negro soldiers, to march
into their villages and to deport themselves as
it is most likely they would, what would be the
consequence? You miftt expect collisions. If
gentlemen who arc so anxious to have negroes
in the Army of the United States will take them
among themselves, and provide in the bill that
they shall be stationed in their section of coun-
try, I have no objection *, but if the object is to
station them in my State, I object to it. There
is no necessity for ifc. J presume we shall have
some of these eolored gentry, if they are made a
part of the Army, in my Stale. The present head
or tho \  ar -Department has not been so unmind-
ful of my State as to debar us the pleasure of
soldiery once m two years, about election time.
Suppose that his divmeness—or divinity I be-
lieve the Secretary of State would have him to
be should take it into his head to send into
our State, when election day comes again, a
regiment or negro soldiers to guard our polls,
do you suppose there is a white man in the
State that would not assist in driving them from
the polls i It there is, ho is unworthy of being
a lJelawanan.
Sir, it is peace that I want. I know that in
some sections of this country, jast as sure as
you scud these negro soldiers anions the peo-
pie, there will be strife, ill blood, bad feeling;
and that this sendingot such soldiers into some
communities will lead to nothing but outrage
and bloodshed. If you want a standing array,
large or small, give us white soldiers and there
will be no complaint; but, sir, you must know
that in many sections of this country sending
negro soldiers and quartering them in the midst
oi particular communities would engender
strife, and m all probability would lead tollood-
shed.
It may lie said- that I have an antipathy, a
hatred, to I his class of people. Tt is not true.
1 do not speak from unkiudness toward them.
1 believe 1 think as well of them as the rest of
you do. t know them as well. But it is for
peace, quietness, and Iho observance of public
order that 1 want your Army to be filled up
with white men. It will be time enough when
you cannot get white soldiers in your regular
Army to appeal to the patriotism of this supe-
rior negro race; but until there is failure in
procuring white soldiers, peatfiS, harmony, and
kmd feeling demand that the negroes should
not be incorporated into the regular Army, but
that it should be filled up from our own race.
1 do no t >vish to argue I his question; I presume
it would be of no use to do it: but I have folt
it due to tnyscll to make this objection.
f . , : move to amend tho amend-
ment by striking out "two" whore it occurs
and inserting four," E0 that there shall be
tour regimoiiis of colored cavalry, if this
amendment shall be adopted one third of the
cavalry force under this bill will bo composed
of colored troops. I offer the amendment for
j-lr rtVJson: u} bme peace it is exceedingly
difficult, we always found it so, and will find
it so ogam, to keep your white soldiers from
leaung the Army. They are, unfortunately,
more apt to desert, as the history of the war
and especially as the experience of the Army
a ter he war was over shows. As an illustra-
£®ntucky there were two regiments
w colored troops stationed for a long time and
about two regiments of white troops. I be-
ieve a r the war, before those troops were
mustered out nearly one fourth of the white
troops deserted, while not more than one or
two of the colored troops ever deserted. They
were quite as efficient as the white troops, as
well disciplined, as formidable in the field, as
effective in any service that they were put to.
So far as this argument about conciliation
is concerned, the time for conciliation is gone
when there is a necessity for stationing the
Army in a portion of tho country. They are
not put there as peace-makers, nor as concilia-
tors. They are put there to put down all
wrongful opposition to the Government. If it
is necessary to station troops anywhere to keep
the peace in this nation, I do not care how
obnoxious they are to those who undertake_ to
stir up sedition. I would not vote for raising
any troops if it were not necessary that they
should bo stationed in certain localities for the
purpose of maintaining the peace of the coun-
try. They are expensive. It is a very disa-
greeable necessity that compels us to increase
our Army at all; but if it is necessary, as we
are told it is, for fear of insurrections in divers
parts of the country, I care but little whether
the insurrectionists like the land of troops that
we station there to keep them in order or not.
We donotputthemtheretopleasethena. They
would be better pleased to have neither white
nor black soldiers ; but we look to the best in-
terests of the country, and consider which class
of troops can bo kept there best in time of
peace, which can be the most easily raised,
and which remain the most permanently at
their post. The one class is always to be de-
pended upon just as well as the other, for our
experience in tho last war shows that the col-
ored troops fought just as well as the white
troops did; all of them fought well, and nobody
could complain of them. As I have said, they
are as efficient: tliey are easier to be got; they
remain on hand better; and therefore we should
increase the proportion to one third at least; I
do not think it will bo any too many.
Mr. SAULSBUIiY. Mr. President, what
is the title of the bill? 1 ask the question,
because I want to call the attention of the
Senate to the application of the remarks of
the honorable Senator from Ohio to the real
matter before the Senate. The title of this
bill is, " A bill to increase and fix the military
peace establishment of the United States."
it is not a bill with reference to the military
establishment in time of war or insurrection ;
and therefore the remarks of the Senator about
stationing these troops among tho people to
keep down insurrection and rebellion, &c.,
have no application. The bill refers to a time
of peace. Now, sir, in time of peace—it has
been thus so from the foundation of the Gov-
ernment to the present hour—you have had
your barracks in different parts of the country
where tho regular Army has been stationed,
not for the purpose of keeping down insurrec-
tion there, but in order that in ease of war they
might be ready to serve their country. The
object of this bill, I apprehend, is to have a
regular army of a certain number of men who
shall bo stationed in different parts of the
country, this being a time of peace, not with
a view of any present existing difficulty, but
that in ease of war of any kind, in the event
of anything happening that miglit require their
services, they may be oil hand in order to serve
their country.
Tho honorable Senator does not care whether
he pleases the community in which these troops
are stationed or not; but I do. If I thought
that the selection of one class of troops and
stationing them in a particular community
would be particularly offensive to that por-
tion of the country, whereas the stationing of
a different class would not be objectionable, I
would consult the feelings of the community
where the troops were to be stationed, and
would see that 1 did nothing to engender strife
or to cause disquietude.
Mr. President, from the foundation of the
Government up to the present time, or at least
until the late civil war, it was never deemed
necessary or proper to have negroes in your
regular Army.- The men who founded your
Government, the men who preserved the foun-
dations of the Government up to the late civil
war, never felt it incumbent upon them, or con-
sistent with the duty, or consistent with the
dictates of their judgment, to employ this class
of people in the regular Army. Where is the
necessity for it now? None can be shown. I
do not presume that any one will contend that
it is impossible to fill up your regular Army
■with white men who will enlist in it. The
number of soldiers to be enlisted is not so
large but that the amount can be readily had
of white men.
But the honorable Senator seems to think
that negro troops will not be so apt to desert
as white troops. . Mr. President, that certainly
is making a distinction in favor of negro troops
of fidelity to duty to the disparagement of tlie
white troops. The Senatordoes notmean that.
He says they all fought well. It is the first time,
however, I have ever heard that they were more
faithful, less liable to desert, that they regarded
the performance of duty more sacredly than
white troops.
It is not my intention to argue this question
at length. I know that the subject can hardly
be mentioned but that feeling is engendered
and motives misapprehended. I rose to make
the objection simply because I believe in my
heart that incorporating negro troops into the
regular Army in time of peace would be offen-
sive to the community in which they were sta-
tioned. I have no doubt it would be offensive
to the regular Army with whom they are called
upon to associate ; that is, with the white troops
who in part are to compose that Army. It is
therefore simply that we may have an army
composed of our own race, believing that the
Army can be filled up with men of that race,
and believing that the stationing in any part
of this country, in time of peace, of white
troops would not be objectionable or offensive
to any portion of the people, they being com-
manded by competent officers—it is for that
reason that I object to incorporating into the
regular Army, a thing that never has been done
before, the negro race. In the civil war you
had them as volunteers, and you drafted them;
but you never before undertook to enlist them
into your regular Army and make them a part
of your peace establishment; and I therefore
appeal to Senators not to do it now in the
absence of all necessity for it. What can be
the reason for incorporating them into the
Army? To give them employment? Why,
sir, the industrial pursuits of life and agricult-
ure, in many portions of the country, are suf-
fering for the want of laborers. They are
particularly and peculiarly adapted for that
kind of work ; but, sir, to ride in your cavalry,
to be stationed in your barracks, to go out
visiting to neighboring towns to show what im-
portant personages they are, and to be offen-
sive, as they necessarily will be from their very
nature and character, to the white portion of
the community among whom they are stationed,
such a thing should be guarded against and
avoided, unless there be absolute necessity for
it. I have heard no reason showing why they
should now be incorporated into the regular
Army. I have heard no one say that it is
impossible to get white soldiers. Unless it is
impossible to get white soldiers, I think it very
unwise to depart from the settled practice of
the Government from its foundation to the
present time.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Jlr. President,
here is a proposition to have two regiments of
eolored cavalry attached to the regular Army.
for the permanent peace establishment. When
this bill was referred to the Committee on Mil-
tary Affairs they sought light from every access-
ible source in reference to the proper organi-
zation of the regular Army. Generals Grant
and Meade and Sherman and Thomas were
called in consultation. We had the opinions
of all those four distinguished generals. In
addition to that we had the opinion of the Sec-
retary of War, and, so far as practicable, of
the War Department. The bill as it was first
