1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL; GLOIE:
Independence, so that Human Rights shall al-
ways prevail. The promises of the Fathers must
be sacredly fulfilled. This is the commanding
rule, superseding all other rules. This is one
of the great victories of the war—perhaps the
greatest. It is nothing less than the Emancipa-
tion of the Constitution itself.
THE BALLOT, THE OXLY SUFFICIENT GUARANTEE.
Mr. President, such is the testimony of his-
tory^ authority, and Constitution, which binds
the judgment on this occasion, leaving no al-
ternative. Thus far, I have done little but
bring the diversified testimony together and
weave it into one body. It is not I who speak.
I am nothing. It is the cause, whoso voice I
am, which speaks to you. ' But there are yet
other things which, even at this late hour, crave
to be said. And here, after this long review,
I am brought back to more general considera-
tions, and end as I began, by showing the ne-
cessity of Enfranchisement for the sake of Pub-
lic Security and Public Faith. I plead now for
the ballot, as the Great Guarantee; and the only
Sufficient Guarantee—being in itself peace-
maker, reconciler, schoolmaster, and protector
—to which we are bound by every necessity and
every reason ; and I speak also for the good of
the States lately in rebellion, as well as for the
glory and safety of the Republic, that it may be
an example to mankind.
Let me be understood. What I especially
ask is impartial suffrage, which is, of course,
embraced in universal suffrage. What is uni-
versal is necessarily impartial. For the pres-
ent, I simply insist that all shall be equal
before the law, so that, in the enjoyment of
this right, there shall be no restriction which
is not equally applicable to all. Any further
question, iu the nature of 11 qualification,''
belongs to another stage of the debate. And
yet I have no hesitation in saying that uni-
versal suffrage is a universal right, subject only
to such regulations as the safety of society
may require. These may concern (1) age, (2)
character, (3) registration, (4) residence. No-
body doubts that minors maybe excluded, and
so, als'o. persons of infamous life. Registra-
tion and residence are both prudential re-
quirements for the safeguard of the ballot-box
against the Nomads and Bohemians of polities,
and to compel the exercise of this franchise
where a person is known among his neighbors
and friends. Education also, may, under cer-
tain circumstances, be a requirement of pru-
dence, especially valuable in a Republic, where
so much depends on the intelligence of the peo-
ple. These tomporaiyrestrictions do not in any
way interfere with the right of suffrage, for they
leave it absolutely accessible to all. Even if im-
pediments, they are such as maybe easilyovex*-
come. At nil events, they are not in any sense
insurmountable, and this is the essential re-
quirement of republican institutions. No mat-
ter under what depression of poverty, in what
depth of obscurity, or with what diversity of
complexion you may have been born, you are,
nevertheless, a citizen-^-the peer of every other
citizen, and the ballot is your inalienable right.
The ballot is a peacemaker, and, are we not
told, Blesse'd arc the peacemakers? High
among the Beatitudes let it be placed, for there
it belongs. Deny it, and the freedman will be
the victim of a perpetual warfare. In ceasing
to be a slave lie only becomes a sacrifice.
Grant it, and he is admitted to those Equal
Rights which allow no sacrifice. Plutarch
records that the wise man of Athens charmed
the people by saying that Equality cause? no
War, and "both the rich and poor repeated
it." And so master and slave will yet enjoy
the transforming power of this principle. The
master will recognize the new citizen. The
slave will stand with tranquil self-respect in
the presence of the master. Brute force dis-
'appears. Distrust is at an end. The master
is no longer a tyrant. The freedmen is no
longer a dependent. The ballot comes to him
in his depression, and says, "Use me and bo
elevated." It comes to him in his passion,
and says, "Use me and do not fight." It
comes to him in his daily thoughts, filling him
with the strength and glory of manhood.
The ballot is a rcconcilcr. Next after peace
is reconciliation. But reconciliation is more
than peace. It is concord. Parlies that have
been estranged are brought into harmony.
They learn to live together. They learn to
work together. They are kind to each other,
even if it be only as the Arab and his horse ;
and this mutual kindness is a mutual advantage.
Unquestionably, the ballot promotes this great
boon, because it brings all into natural relations
ofjustice, without which reconciliation is a
vain thing. Do you wish to see harmony truly
prevail, so that industry, society, government,
civilization, may all prosper, and the Republic
may wear a crown of true greatness? Then
do not neglect the ballot.
The ballot'is a schoolmaster. Reading and
writing are of inestimable value, but the ballot
teaches what these cannot teach. It teaches
manhood. Especially is it important to a race
whose manhood has been denied. The work
of redemption cannot be complete if the ballot
is left in doubt. The freedman already knows
his friends by the unerring instinct of the heart.
Give him the ballot, and he will be educated
into the principles of government. Deny him
the ballot, and he will continue an alien in
knowledge as in rights. His claim is excep-
tional. as your injustice is exceptional. For
generations you have shut him out from all
education, making it a crime to teach him to
read for himself the Book of Life. Let not
the tyranny of the past be an apology for any
further exclusion. Prisoners for a long time
immured in dungeons are sometimes blinded
as they come forth into the light of day; but
this is no reason for continued imprisonment.
To every freedman the ballot is the light of
day.
The ballot is a protector. Perhaps, at the
present moment, this is its highest function.
Slavery has ceased in name ; but this is all. The
old masters still assert an inhuman power, and
now by posilive statutes seek to bind the freed-
man in new chains. Let this conspiracy pro-
ceed unchecked, and the freedman will be more
unhappy than the early Puritan, who, seeking
liberty of conscience, escaped from the "lords
bishops" only to fall under the " lords elders."
The master will still be master under another
name, as according to Milton,
" Now presbyter is but old priest writ large."
Serfdom or apprenticeship is slavery in an-
other guise. To save the freedman from this
tyrauny, with all its accumulated outrage, is
your solemn duty. For this we are now devi-
sing guarantees ; but, believe me, the only suf-
ficient guarantee is the ballot. Let the freed-
man vote, and he will have in himself under the
law a constant, ever-present, self-protecting
power. The armor of citizenship will be his best
security. The ballot will be to him sword and
buckler—a sword with which to pierec his ene-
mies, and a buckler on which to receive their
assault. Its possession alone will be a terror
and a defense. The law, which is the highest
reason, boasts that every man's house is his
castle; but the freedman can have no castle
without the ballot. When the master knows that
he may be voted down, he will know that he
must be just, and everything is contained in
justice. Tlie ballot is like charity, which never
failetli. and without which man is only as sound-
ing brass or a tinkling cymbal. The ballot is j
the one tiling needful, without which rights of j
testimony and all other rights will be no better
than cobwebs which the master will break
through with impunity. To him who has the
ballot all other things shall be given—protcc- !
| tion, opportunity, education, ahomestead. The
ballot is like the Horn of Abundance, out of
which overflow rights of every kind, with corn,
cotton, rice, and all the fruits of the earth. Or
better still, it is like the hand of the body, with-
out which man, who is now only a little lower
than theangels, musthavecontinuedoulyalittle
above the brutes. We are fearfully and won-
derfully made; but as is the hand in the work
of civilization, so is the ballot in the work- of
government. "Give me th<5 ballot and I cart
move the world," may be the exclamation of
the race still despoiled of this right. There is;
nothing wbicsh it cannot open with almost fab 
ulous power,like that golden mistletoe, of&Jioot
of the sturdy oak, which, in the hands .of tbg
classical adventurer, unclosed the regions of an-
other world, and like that golden, bough, it is
renewed as it is used: . ■
11 One plucked away, a second branch you see ' '
Shoot forth in gold and glitter from the tree."
If I press,these illustrations, it is only that I
may bring home to your minds that supreme
efficacy , which cannot be exaggerated. Thought
simple in character, there is nothing the ballot
cannot accomplish; like that homely house-
hold lamp in Arabian story, which, at the call
of its possessor, evoked a spirit, who did all
things, from the building of a palace to the rock-
ing of a cradle, and filled the air with an ipvis-
ible presence. But it is as a protector that it
is of immeasurable power—like a fifteen-inch
Colnmbiad pointed from a Monitor. Ay, sir,
the ballot is the Columbiad of our political life,
and every citizen who has it is a full-armed
Monitor.
Having pleaded for the freedman, I now
plead for the Republic; for to each alike the
ballot is a necessity. It is idle to expect any
true peace while the freedman is robbed of this
transcendent light and left a prey to that venge-
anco which is ready to wreak upon him the
disappointment of defeat. The country, sym-
pathetic with him, will be in a condition of per-
petual unrest. With him it will sufferand with
him alone can it ccaso to suffer. Only through
him can you redress the balance of our politi-
cal system and assure the safety of patriot cit-
izens. Only through him can you save the
national debt from the inevitable repudiation
which awaits it when rccent rebels in conjunc-
tion with Northern allies once more bear sway.
He is our best guarantee. Use him. He was
once your fellow-soldier; he has always been
your fellow-man. If ho was willing to die for
the Republic lie is surely good enough to vote.
And now that he is ready to xiphoid the Repub-
lic, it will bo madness to reject him. Had he
voted originally, the acts of secession must have
failed, 'treason would have been voted down.
You owe this tragical war and the debt now
fastened upon the country to the denial of this
right. Vacant chairs in once happy homes, in-
numerable graves, saddened hearts, mothers,
fathers, wives, sisters, brothers, all mourning
lost ones, the poor now ground by a taxation
they had never known before, all testify against
that injustice by which the present freedman
was not allowed to vote. Had he voted ther.e
would have been peace. If he votes now there
will be peace. Without this you must have a
standing army, which is a sorry substitute for
justice. Before you is the plain alternative of
the ballot-box or the cartridge box; choose ye
between them.
lieason too in every way and with every voice
cries out in unison with necessity. All poli-
cies, all expediencies, all economies take up
the cry. Nothing so impolitic as wrong; noth-
ing so inexpedient as tyranny ; nothing so little
economical as the spirit of Caste. Justice is
the highest policy, the truest expediency, and
the most comprehensive economy. In this in-
spiration act. I)o you wish to save the national
credit, now imperiled by fatal injustice, and
especially to secure gold as the national cur-
rency? Then do not let the question of Equal
Rights disturb the country with its volcanic
throes. You complain that labor is unorgan-
ized and that the cotton crop has failed. Do
you wish labor to smile and cotton to grow ?
Then sow the land with Human Rights and en-
circle it round about with justice. The freed-
man will not. cannot work, while you deny his
rights. Cotton will not., cannot grow in such
an atmosphere. It is absurd to expect it. In
using the freedman as you now do you imitate
those baibarous Irish who insisted upon plow-
ing bv the horse's tail, until an Act of Par-
liament interfered to require plowing by haT-
