THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
introduced provided for eight, regiments of col-
ored troops. That received the sanction of
Grant and Sherman and Meade and Thomas
and the Secretary of War. The bill, as it now
stands, only provides for seven regiments of
colored troops, it will be bard, I apprehend,
to convince either myself or the Seuate that
these four distinguished gene: als, backed and
supported by the opinion of the Secretary of
War, do not know as well how the regular
Army should be constituted in time of peace as
any one man now here without a particular
investigation of the subject. Colored troops
are sufficient for these grand leaders who have
led your armies to victory and suppressed
the rebellion, but from mere prejudice we are
now to exclude them from the service.
Now, sir, to serve in your Army is one of two
lliings: it is either a burden or it is a privilege.
If it is a burden, it should he borne equally by
every class of our citizens. The colored peo-
ple are now all free, they are all now citizens,
and all, 1 trust in God, to be protected: Then
they should bear their proportion of this bur-
den. But if it be a privilege to enter yonr
armies, they are equally entitled to the protec-
tion of your laws, and every philanthropic cit-
izen desires their elevation, and they should be
permitted to participate in this high privilege
of serving as common -soldiers in the regular
Army of the United States. It is, then, one of
two things, either a  burden or a privilege to
serve in the Army, and if it is either, the col-
ored- people are equally bound to bear the bur-
den or equally entitled to participate in the
privilege.
What duties do you expect these soldiers
in time of peace to perform? What duties are
they to perform? First, to preserve your
frontiers from the incursions ol" the savages.
A mounted force is much better adapted to
that purpose than an infantry force, and hence
the necessity for more cavalry. Another duty
is to preserve your public property and to
man your garrisons in time of peace. These
must all be kept up. But we need not shut
our eyes to the present important and pressing
necessity for troops, and that is, to preserve
the peace and enforce the laws in the States
now in rebellion. The whole force contem-
plated by this Army bill is less than fifty-five
thousand, all told; and, in the opinion of the
commander-in-chief of the Army, inadequate
for the purposes for which we now need an
army. The committee have brought it down
to the very lowest possible estimate consistent
with the public peace and public security, and
■ altogether we are to have less than fifty-five
thousand troops when your Army is full.
The distinguished Senator from Delaware
takes the ground that there are thousands and
thousands of discharged white soldiers now
anxious, willing, and ready to enlist in the
Army of the United States. Now, what is
historically the truth upon that subject? _ At
the beginning of the rebellion you authorized
the addition of eleven regiments to the regular
Army. After five years of warfare not one
single battalion or regiment lias been filled.
Not one single company, battalion, regiment,
brigade, or division in the regular Army is now
fulh and there is no pressure for enlistment.
It is with the greatest possible difficulty that
you can keep up your battalions and compa-
nies and regiments at all. But it. is believed
by tbose who should be familiar with the sub-
ject that you may raise se< en or eight regi-
ments of colored troops without difficulty.
More than that amount now in the service are
willing to remain.
But, exclaims the Senator from Delaware,
"What.! will you introduce this new principle
now for the first time and incorporate into your
regular Army colored troops in time of peace?''
Is that the only objection ? Was not the same
objection urged against the employment of col-
ored troops in time of war? Did we not hear
precisely the same objection then : not founded
in reason, but founded in the blind, unreasoning
prejudices of race and color? It was not right
to employ them in time of war, because gentle-
men opposed that and said there was a suffi-
ciency of white troops for the "purpose of the
suppression of the rebellion. The objection was
then that you should not employ them in time
of war, and now we are tola that you cannot
employ them in time of peace; and why 1 Be-
cause, forsooth, yon may exasperate our south-
ern brethren; you may exasperate and rend
wider the gulf between the loyal North and the
disloyal citizens of the South by introducing"
into their neighborhoods these colored troops;
and the Senator from Delaware says thjt it will
operate injuriouslyupon the people of the State
of Delaware.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I said it might do it. _
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. It might excite their
prejudice, and doubtless would : but let not the
people.of Delaware labor under any serious
apprehension on this subject. Wo are only to
have about fifty thousand troops, all told, for
over thirty million people, and when you di-
vide them up how much will come to the share
of Delaware ? An ordinary guard with two cor-
porals will be sufficient for the State of Dela-
ware, even if they shall need a single one,
which I do not believe they ever will.
I apprehend no particular difficulty, so far as
the people o£ Indiana are concerned, by sta-
tioning colored or white troops there, because
we are a loyal people, and it will never be ne-
cessary to station them there ; but where it is
necessary, it seems to me there is a peculiar
propriety in the employment of colored troops.
They are acclimated. They stand#he climate
and the diseases of the climate a great deal
better than the white troops. The diseases of
the colored troops in the South were much less,
as the medical statistics show, than were the
diseases among the white troops. They are
peculiarly suited to the very duty that we de-
sire them to perform, to keep order and pre-
serve the peace in the rebel States. I appre-
hend that a loyal colored man is quite good
enough t'o preserve the peace against a white
lebel. I apprehend he is quite good enough to
fight off the Indians from your northern front-
iers, or to guard your forts or fortifications,
even in time of peace. Having discharged so
well and so gallantly their duty in a time of war,
I am not afraid to trust them with this minor
duty under circumstances of less danger and
less responsibility in a time of peace. 1 do not
know any distinction between the white troops
and the colored troops further than this: that,
so far as the history of the rebellion goes, it
shows that these colored troops have discharged
their duty. That they are the equal of the white
race, my race and the race of the Senator from
Delaware, I do not now believe, nor perhaps
shall ever believe. After three hundred years
of oppression the white race would be very
different from what they are now. But 1 pro-
pose now simply to carry them into the Army,
to protect them in all their civil rights, to make
them believe they are men in the eye of the
law and in the eye of their Maker, to enable
them to ameliorate their own condition, and
to-reach the highest possible point of eleva-
tion their nature is capable and susceptible of.
When we have done that and they have done
that, both of us will have discharged our duty.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Ohio
moves to amend the amendment of the com-
mittee by striking out "two" and inserting
"four.'' If the Senator will amend his mo-
tion so as to insert "three," so as to have
three regiments of colored cavalry, I shall
make no objection to-it.
Mr. WADE. I am willing to modify it in
that way, as it is probably all I can get. My
own judgment would be in favor of having four
regiments of colored cavalry, because I think
it would be better for the public service; but
of course I do not set myself up against the
Military Committee. If they will give us one
additional colored regiment of cavalry I shall
be satisfied.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment to the amendment is modified, and it is
now moved to strike out "two"' and insert
"three."
Mr. SA.ULSBURY. I should like to have
the yeas and nays on that question. . <
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 20, nays 9; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Clark, Foster, Grimes,
Harris, Henderson, Howard, Howe, Kirkwood, Lane
of Indiana, Morrdl, Poland, Sherman, Sprague, Sum-
ner, Trumbull, Wade, Wiiley, Williams, and Wil-
son—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Cowan, Davis,Guthrie, Hendricks,
Morgan," Nesmith, Kiddle; Saulsbury, andVan Win-
ABSENT—Messrs, Brown, Backalew, Chandler,
Norton, Nye, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Stewart, Wright,
and Yates—20.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The next amendment was in line fourteen
of section four, to strike out " who " and insert
"all of whom shalland in line fifteen to strike
out "who " before, "have."
The amendment'was agreed to.
The next amendment was after "United
States," in line three of section seven, to insert
" one for the battalion of engineers;" so as to
read:
That there shall he a band, as now provided by
law, for each regiment in the service of the United
States, one for the battalion of engineers, &e.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to inquire of
the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs if this battalion of engineers is not al-
ways stationed at the Military Academy in time
of peace, and if so, where is the necessity for
having a band for them when there is a band
for the Military Academy?
Mr. WILSON. I will say to the Senator that
they are not always stationed at the Academy.
This battalion now numbers about seven hun-
dred and fifty men, an# the commander of it
has been endeavoring for some time to get-a
baud of music for them. ,
Mr. GRIMES. Where are they stationed?
Mr. WILSON. At different places. A few
of them are at the Aeademv. By the law as it
now stands each regiment can hare a band.
They have got a band at West Point now. and
we propose to give a band to this battalion.
They nave desired it for some time. They
have been asking for it. They have got about
seven hundred and fifty m^n. However, I am
not part icnlar about it.
Mr. GRIMES. I am not going to oppose
the amendment, but I simply desire the Senate
to understand that the headquarters of the
Engineer corps and the battalion of engineers
is at West Point. The band is always kept at
the headquarters of the regiment. Now, if we
adopt this amendment the effect of it will- be
that there will be two bands at West Point—
one connected with the Military Academy, the
other with this battalion of engineers.
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator desires to
strike it out I have no objection. I will sim-
ply say that this amendment was inserted in
the bill in compliance with suggestions from
the War Office. The commander of this bat-
talion has been endeavoring for some months
to obtain a band for them. 1 do not consider
it of importance, and am perfectly willing that
it shall not be adopted. Certainly, if the effect
of it would be to have two bands at West Point.
I should be opposed to it.
Mr. WADE. I move to strike it out.
Mr. WILSON. We can simply non-concur
in the amendment of the committee.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was in section seven,
line four, before the word "for" to insert
" one;" so that the clause will read:
That there shall be a hand, a? now provided by law,
for each regiment in theserviec of the United States,
one for the United States Military Academy, &e.
The* amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section eighteen,
on page 10, line four, to strike out the word
"deputy" after "two" and to insert "assist-
ant," and in line six to strike out "assistant"
after "two" and to insert "deputy;" so that
the section will read:
That the pay department of the Army shall here-
