1750
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
April 3,
'* Question. Is there any difficulty of Americans
correctly spelling German names?
"yin5>'fcr. Th<To is: no American could write my
name except I spelled it for him,
" Question. How is Mor'schauser in English ?
" Atmcr. You cannot spoil it in any other way.
"Question. How would an Englishman give the
sound 'f
"A/im-cr. Mor-shau-zer: shau is pronounced the
same as show in English.
" Question. How is that pronounced—shorzer?
"Answer. That i8 about as near as you can get
to it
44 Question. How do you suppose an Irishman or
an American poll-clerk or anybody except a German
would be likely to get the name of Morschauser ?
Answer. Can't tell.
* "Question.. Do yau think he would be likely to get
it right?
" Answer. I believe not.'5
Mr. DAWES. The sitting member will ex-
cuse me from yielding to him any farther. He
will have an opportunity to be heard after
awhile.
Mr. BROOKS. I hope the gentleman will
read the testimony. J know the weight of his
authority, and 1 want him to read the testimony,
and not to state it.
Mr. DA WIS 3. The gentleman can present
whatever testimony he pleases when he comes
to address the House.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the gentleman has a very
artful theory about the pronunciation and spell-
ing of German names, but it does not reach the
case I have stated. Here in a list of twenty
names; a German familiar with the district
swears that, sixteen of them do not reside there,
and it does not matter whether you call them
Zung or Young or anything else. But his
theory was made to apply to another part of
the district.
We have the fact that there has been a de-
parture from the law in every respect. We have
the fact of departures of such a character as to
taint the voting. Wchavethefaetthatlhelaw
says that a vote shall not be received by the
officers unless it conforms to the provisions of
the law. It also appears that the vote was
swollen to doable what it was before, and that
while both had the opportunity of tracing to
their homes every living voter in the district
the contestant alone sought to do that.
It also appears that the sitting member, in
attempting to contradict the testimony of the
contestant, to see whether these men lived where
they were registered, himself proved there were
these men I have shown who had nolegalhab-
italion in the district.
It is for the House to say whether it will take
the returns under those circumstances as evi-
dence of honest votes. In the matter of dis-
franchising an honest voter, in the matter of
depriving the sitting member or the contestant
of the vote of a single man, and in the matter
of taking as evidence that such a vote has been
cast, the current of authority inthisllousp and
everywhere else is unbroken on this point.
There is no conflict and never has been. It
was sometimes held, as it was by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania in the discussion of
another case, that you are required to set aside
not only the return but everything else.
It has sanction in courts of law as well as in
the opinion of the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia as announced here the other day. But the
committee have, not felt called upon to go out-
shle of the precedents which the Committee of
Elections have heretofore sanctioned in their
reports, and which have been sustained by the
House. They_ have simply said that this re-
turn made up in this fraudulent manner, with
cvidcncc not only that the officers composing
the board were illegally appointed, and the
board iHegal, but also that the last meeting of
the board was held not at the place appointed
by law, so that nobody could go there. The
place of voting was at James Thompson's, No.
252 Avenue B, and the meeting of the board
was actually held at another place. The poll
itself was not held at the place designated by
law, though it was held somewhere in the neigh-
borhood.
So that we are called upon to do one of two
things: tojlisregard all of these provisions of
law, to take this return, made without con-
formity to any provision of law, of a poll held
at a place not designated according to law, as
the true return j or we are to set it aside-and
tell these parties to call up their witnesses to
show how they voted, and if they voted legally
to count their votes, as was done in another
district in this case.
Now, one of two things must be done; it
cannot be halved; there is no intermediate
position to be taken. You must take the re-
turns as they are, forget or overlook all their
errors, and pronounce by your decision here
as unnecessary all these provisions of law
thrown by the statutes of New York around
the ballot-box, one provision oflaw being that
no vote shall be received but in conformity
with the statute, or else you must take tlie
course adopted by the committee, and say to
these parties, we will not take a retain based
upon such a proceeding as this, but we will
count every vote which you may prove to have
been legal. And that was the course of the
committee in this case.
I must hurry on to another of these precincts,
that of the seventh district of the twenty-first
ward. In reference to that district the testi-
mony shows that the whole vote cast for mem-
ber of Congress was, for Mr. Brooks. ICO ; Mr.
Barr, 158; Mr. Dodge. 71; in all 389. There
were cast, for presidential electors 400 votes.
Now, this was a peculiar district in its phys-
ical condition. It is what is called ''Dutch
Hilla district not laid out in streets or num-
bered, but covered with shanties, built upon
other men's lands. These shanties were of
the frailest character, and treated in the mar-
ket as personal property, selling for from ten
to fifteen dollars each. Into this district were
crowded all these voters. It was very difficult
m making out the registry to put down any-
thing like street and number. And if it was
desired to cheat and deceive it was very easy
to do so in this district.
In the year before, 1863, the vote of this dis-
trict was 202 ; in 186-1 it was 400. Now, when
a district of this character doubled its vote in
the course of a single year, it would be nut-
mal to inquire wheie those votes came from,
and if they were given by honest voters, where
they resided; also, whether you could double
the voting capacity of such a smajl district as
this without showing where they resided, with-
out showing some increase of the number of
habitations, some influx of population, some
new families, some new faces, some new pres-
ence out of which you could double the vote
of this district.
But on the contrary, it is testified tothatnot
only were there no new habitations put up in
that district, daring the year preceding this con*
gressional election, but very many of the little,
habitations of the year before had been wiped
out, removed, the number reduced. So that
there was no chance of any increase of bona
fide residents there from new comers. Nobody
was able to be found to testify to any new pres-
ence in the district, any new families anywhere
in it.
The question then arose, how were they able
to double the vote in this small district? Well,
the matter was revealed by one of the parties
who turned State's evidence. His testimony is
referred to by book and page in.the report of
the majority of the committee, and the name
of the witness is Geoghegan. He and a com-
rade of his named Tracy had, in the common
parlance of the day, for many years controlled
that district, and in the interest of their particu-
lar party friends had dealt out the votes of the
district as they pleased, and with such success
as they were prompted to sccure by their zeal
and interest in particular elections. Getting
into some difficulty with his comrade the day
after the election in the adjustment of some
matters pertaining to it, Geoghegan came for-
ward and made a disclosure of the way and
manner in which the thing was done.
The thing was managed by taking the regis-
try from year to year and putting it bodily into
the new registry, preserving the name of every
man that had ever been on it, whether he had
died or moved away in the mean time, and add-
ing just as many names as they pleased of their
friends there and elsewhere. In that way they
made out the registry to suit themselves. Then
when election day came, by arrangements made
beforehand, men were brought forward, whom
the witness called "substitutes," who voted
upon these names, and then went away and
■were never heard of afterwards.
That being the fact in reference to this dis-
trict, the whole matter is explained, and only
shows that the fraud is of such a character that
it has no limit except in the time, capacity, and
genius of those who carried it out. Geoghegan
himself stated that at least thirty'of the names
upon which substitutes were voted were the
names, some of persons who had been dead
from six months to two years, and some of per-
sons who had moved out of the district. He
testifies that he himself voted for the sitting
member; and ho named others, among them
his comrade, who voted in the same way; in
many instances giving the name of the man
who voted, but of course always taking care
of his friends and not telling their present
whereabouts. And from this single witness
testimony was obtained of 65 fraudulent votes,
those of substitutes voting on the names on the
registry thus made up for the district.
The contestant then employed a man in this
district, as in the other, to take this poll-list
and trace every voter to his house and habita-
tion and find him if he could. For this pur-
pose he employed a responsible man, a United
States deputy marshal, who had served in the
Army, and who had occupied positions of re-
sponsibility and of trust for a great many years,
so that there could be no question at all as to
his integrity. This man he employed for nearly
six weeks, and the result of his investigation is
here in this book; for the contestant fortunately
did not lose his testimony. With all his abil-
ity, this deputy marshal was unable to find any-
where in this district 109 of these men.
Now, he corroborates in his testimony the
statements of thisparticcps criminis, Geoghe-
gan. For the committee admit the correctness
of the rule claimed by the sitting«member, that
Geoghegan being a party to this fraud his tes-
timony should not be taken without corrobora-
tion. And it is a little curious that in compar-
ing the testimony of this United States deputy
marshal, Russell Myers, with the testimony of
Geoghegan, it will be found that he corrobo-
rates him in regard to 23 of the names in Geo-
ghegan's table, and testifies to some 88 names
besides. So that Geoghegan, who is a party to
the fraud, is corroborated to that extent by the
testimony of Myers.
Geoghegan is also further corroborated by
the testimony of his copartner in this matter,
Tracy, who was produced upon the stand by
the sitting member, for the purpose of tracing
these votes, by reason of his familiarity with
the district and his knowledge of the voters.
In all his testimony he does not contradict
Geoghegan as to but one or perhaps two of
the person's named by him. He then takes up
the list of Myers, the one who was employed
by the contestant for six weeks to canvass this
district, and corrects it by striking out the
name of every person known to Tracy to be a
voter in the district, although he traces out
many of them in the manner adopted in the
other district, by some imagined similarity of
sound in the name, though he resides in some
other place. That list is thus reduced to 65
names, which added to the other list makes 109
illegal voters in this small district alone.
But there is another point in which Tracy
also corroborates Geoghegan. According to
Geoghegan's statement, Tracy is the party who
was joined with him in this matter. But Tracy,
although called by the sitting member, is not
even asked by him whether Geoghegan's story
is true. But at the end of the examination,
after it was all over, after the time had expired,
the_ sitting member asks for further time to ex-
amine certain witnesses, and among others he
names this Tracy, ivhom he desires to examine
further. He states what he desires to examine
him upon; but it is not to ascertain whether
