270
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 16,
Ho. op Reps.
The Constitution ancl the Union—Mr. Trimble.
39th Cong....1st Sess.
upon the paramount and distinct issue, as they
professed, to preserve, protect, and defend the
Constitution and the Union. But, oh! how
shamefully they .have violated, and are to-day
violating, all their solemn resolves and pledges;
trampling beneath their unhallowed feet the
Constitution they have sworn in the presence
of God to support, protect, and defend. Charity
would probably plead for them, in much of the
legislatingdone here, that they are acting under
the inspiration of a Constitution they are going
to make, which is to he odorous with the fra-
grance of their recently emancipated allies and
friends, the negroes, who are, as they say, so
preeminently qualified to govern and control
this great country, schooled as they have been
in that great school of slavery by cruel and in-
human masters. With such high Christian re-
sults accomplished by these southern people,
ought you to lose the services of such valuable
and efficient teachers of Africans ? I shall not
be surprised to hear next that a fleet of Yan-
kee ships are on the way from the land of Africa
or some other country, with a new supply of
Congoes, to be elevated to the high estate of
voters and American citizens by and through
servitude and slavery. Of one thing I feel as-
sured, if the past be any criterion for the future,
they will take good care to be paid in gold,
as they were paid for those the North sold to
the South before the suppression of the slave
trade.
The people of the South are not alone re-
sponsible for the institution of slavery. Did
not the New England and northern ship-owners
and capitalists receive rich and solid tribute from
this trade they then so zealously protected, and
now so unanimously denounce and condemn?
If their avaricious schemes aided by the Freed-
men's Bureau had not been frustrated by the
timely interference of the veto of President
Johnson, the unfortunate negroes of the South
would to-day be under the most galling and
despotic slavery the world ever saw, with only
a change of masters, with none of the care and
responsibilities of that humane but much abused
class in the South.
Sir, this Republican party must entertain tho
hope and belief that there is no hereafter; that
an outraged, oppressed, and tax-ridden people
will never again be free. You deceive your-
selves when you lay that flattering unction to
your souls. We do not despair of tho Union
and the Constitution. That glorious era of law
and of order, of freedom to the white man, can-
not long be deferred. In defiance of bastiles
and guard-houses and the minions of tyrants
who would enslave tliem, the toiling millions
cannot and will not long bo enslaved. They
will burst the chains that bind them, and in
their just and righteous indignation hurl from
power these tyrants and revolutionists who are
to-day sowing broadcast the fatal seed for an-
other rebellion or revolution. Pause, I beseech
you, in this career of force and of madness. If
you, from this Capitol, force upon the people of
the States, North and South, without their con-
sent, your dogmas of negro equality, of negro
suffrage, thejb'reedmen's Bureau, and kindred
measures, with the tyrants and usurpers that
must follow in the very nature of things; these
measures must and will produce, in my judg-
ment, alienation and disunion. War will be
the inevitable result of such sectional, unjust,
and flagitious legislation, if God in His mercy
does not avert it. We have had enough'of
war, carnage, blood-letting, and assassination
to satisfy, it seems to me, tho thirst for blood
of any one, even a hyena. The white people
of Maine and of Texas, of all the States, are
of right free, and should be treated as free-
men. They are taxed, and should be entitled to
vote, with representatives here. They ought to
be treated with kindness and justice. Friend-
ship and union, to be lasting, should be recip-
rocal and founded in equality. Why not deal
gently with them, as God has dealt with you?
1 entreat you to avoid tho further shedding of
blood. This can be accomplished by us in
acting as becomes Christians and patriots,
uniting our whole country in the bonds of
union, justice, and mercy, thus making tho
United States truly a refuge and asylum, not
only for our own people, but for the oppressed
of every nation and every clime.
In the district which I have the honor to rep-
resent, the first Kentucky, this remorseless and
despotic party have, by their minions and mis-
erable satellites, robbed, pillaged, and plun-
dered the citizens to enrich themselves; burned
their houses and their homes, turning innocent
women and helpless children homeless to the
wintry blast and cold charity of a friendless
world, and to-day are repudiating just claims
for property consumed by the Army and de-
stroyed by order of military commanders. They
have held our elections, driving from the polls
loyal and legal voters at the jioint of the bay-
onet; issuing and executing illegal and infa-
mous military orders; imprisoning loyal citi-
zens for no cause except tliey refused to make
war upon the Constitution; ordering our loyal
judges to dismiss cases and enter up decrees
to serve the purposes of tyrants and criminals;
imprisoning loyal and law-abiding citizens for
no crime except opposing crime, lawlessness,
and vice. Hear the following summons and
return:
The Commonwealth of Kentwfaj,
To the Sheriff of MeCracken County, greeting:
You are commanded to summon Colonel James N.
McArthur, Colonel A. M. Yor!;, and tho owners of
tlio steamboat Charmer, and A. M. DeSouchet, tho
master and part owner thereof, to answer on the first
day of tho next October term of the MeCracken cir-
cuit court, a petition filed against them in tho said
court, by It. Saunders, and warn them that upon
their failure to answer, the petition will bo taken for
confessed, or they will be proceeded against for con-
tempt; and ;vou will make due return of this sum-
mons on the first day of the next Oetober term of said
court.
Witness, B. Sm ill, clerk of said court, this 20th day
of September, 1865. B. SMALL.
A copy. Attest:
B. Small, C. M. G. C.
Headquarters
District West Kentucky.
Paduc.ui, Kentucky, September 23,1805.
Respectfully returned through the sheriff of Mc-
Cracken county to B. Small, clerk of the circuit court.
The civil authorities had no power to summon a
United States officer, nor have tliey any jurisdiction
toward the military in a State or Territory where
martial law prevails, Nor have they any jurisdic-
tion over officers or soldiers of the United States Army
in any State or Territory where the writ of habeas
corpus "has been suspended.
Any further prosecution in this ease or any other
case of this character will subject tho parties to arrest
and imprisonment.
By command of Colonel James M. McArthur, com-
manding district of West Kentucky, and second bri-
gade, first division, department of Kentucky:
SAMUEL WATSON, A. A. A. G.
A copy. Attest:
B. Small, C. M. C. C.
This was long after the surrender of the last
confederate soldier, when we should have had
peace with law and order.
Another specimen. I will read'one of tho said
orders, published in McPherson's book, page
313, upon which .there was a return of "fully
executed by the military, August, 18G3," to wit:
District of Columbus,
Headquarters Sixth Division
Sixteenth Army Corps,
Columbus, Kentucky, July 29,1863.
That, no further doubt may exist as to the intent
and meaning of Special Orders No. 159, dated head-
quarters sixteenth Army corps,- July 14, 1863, it is
ordered that no person shall be permitted to be voted
for or be a candidate for office who has been or is
now'under arrest or bonds, by proper authority, for
uttering disloyal language or sentiments.
County judges within this district are hereby or-
dered to appoint as judges and clerks of the ensuing
August elections only such persons as are avowedly
and unconditionally for tho Union and the suppres-
sion of the rebellion, and are further ordered to re-
voke and recall any appointment of judges or clerks
alreadymade who are not such loyal persons.
Judges and clerks of elections arc hereby ordered
not to place the name of any person upon the poll-
books, to be voted for at.said election, who is not
avowedly and unconditionally for the Union and
the suppression of tho rebellion, or who may be
opposed to furnishing men and money for the sup-
pression of the rebellion.
The following oath is prescribed, and will be ad-
ministered by judges ot elections to voters, and to
such candidates as reside within the district:
" Ido solemnly swear that I have never entered the
service of the so-called confederate States; that i
have not been engaged in the service of the so-called
'provisional government of Kentucky/ either in a
civil or military capacity; that I have never, either
directly or indirectly, aided the rebellion against the
Governmenfoftho United StatesortheStateofKen-
tueky; that I am unconditionally for the Union and
the suppression of the rebellion, and am willing to fur-
nish men and money for the vigorous prosecution of
the war against the rebellious league known as the
' confederate States.' So help me God."
Any voter, judge, or clerk of elections, or other per-
son, who may evade, neglect, or refuse compliance
with this order, will bo arrested and sent before a
military commission as soon as tho facts are substan-
tiated.
By order of Brigadier General Asboth:
T. II. HARRIS,
Assistant Adjutant General.
This, with some twelve others, with the :' bas-
tile," was used in 18G3 to elect one L. Anderson
to vote in violation of the known wishes of the
people of that district to amend the Constitution,
arrest a citizen and candidate without cause,
then make his arrest cause for striking his name
from the poll-book, and disfranchising and im-
prisoning his friends; which was done in this
instance, as the records show. All of which was
done in plain and open violation of the consti-
tution and laws of Kentucky. 0 shame! where
thy blush? This is the character of appliances
brought to bear by a venal and desperate party
to maintain the Constitution and the Union.
No; not to main the Constitution and Union,
but to overthrow it and the liberties of the
people. The vote on the thirteenth amend-
ment stood 119 to 56, not a majority even of
a full Congress, much less two thirds. I regret
to say it was carried by the votes of men from
border slave States. A changc of three votes
would have altered the result. Without the
vote of this bayonet Congressman, L. Ander-
son, and the aid of two others elected by like
means we would have to-day the Constitution
as our fathers made it, with union, peace, and
prosperity. This is the way our Constitution
was amended: robbing Kentucky and the South
of §4,000,000,000 of property.
But shall this dominant party claim that
numbers are the great element of free govern-
ment when they are really a majority of a mi-
nority, if you estimate the whole white voting
population of the United States? Defiantly we
are told that such a majority is infallible and
omnipotent; the divine right of kings to rule is
only transferred to this malignant minority. I
have been taught that ono of the objects of
constitutional and well-regulated Governments
was to restrain excited and revolutionary ma-
jorities; to protect the weak. A Constitution
to the self-constituted dictators in this House
is but unrighteous inventions restricting liberty.
No Constitution ought to exist, but that we
Democrats should bow to the great Sanhedrim
of tho saints, admit that they are the saints,
whose first duty is to free all the negroes in the
South, and make them voters, to keep up the
Republican or disunion party. Then enslave
and disfranchise the white people there, and
take their property that tliey have not already
taken; they to meet in caucus and keep up
their organization; to bring out their fiats in
defiance of President, people, and Constitution.
I will give you a specimen of this immacu-
late party' s tactics and documents in the cam-
paign of 1864 in my district:
Headquarters District Western Kentucky,
Paducaii, September b, 1861.
Mr. L. S. Trimble :
You are hereby notified to appear at the counting-
room of B. G. Brazelton, in the city of Paducah,
within ten days from this date, and pay over tho sum
of five thousand dollars, the amount of an assess-
ment lovied on you to reimburse Union men for
property taken by rebels in theirsoveral raids in this
district.
By order of Brigadier General E. A. Paine, com-
manding district of Western Kentucky:
W. M. STARKS,
T. M. REDD,
B. G. BRAZELTON,
Commizsionera.
Office hours from two to five o'clock p. ui,
