1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2711
proposed to it; and I will allow it to lie over
until tlio return of the Senator from Rhode
I&land.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The joint
resolution now before the Senate will be post-
poned by common consent, no objection being
interposed.
MESS.USH FROM THE IIOI'SE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives. by Mr. McPmonsox, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Repiesentatives had passed
the following bills, in which it requested the
Coucuuence of the Senate:
A bill (S. Xo. 37'J) to establish in the Dis-
trict of Columbia a reform school for boys ;
A bill ill. R. Mo. 504) to annul the thirty-
fourth section of the declaration of rights of
the State of Maryland so far as it applies to
the District of Columbia; and
A bill (II. R. No. C01) to grade East Capi-
tol street and establish Lincoln square.
ADMISSION 01' COLORADO VETO.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to take up the
bill which was vetoed by the President of the
United States for the admission of the State
of Colorado. I think a proposition of that sort
ought to be considered.
Mr. WADE. I hope we shall not take up
that bill now. J hope it will be permitted to
lie awhile before we take it up.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator from Ohio,
who is to some extent responsible for this
measure as chairman of the Committee on Ter-
ritories. desires not to take up the bill to-day;
but if he is willing to say to-morrow at one
o'clock, so that all Senators shall know that
the bill is to come up at that time, I am will-
ing to modify my motion, and will move to take
up the bill with a view to making it the special
order for to-morrow at one o'clock. Perhaps
before taking up a measure of this sort, we
ought to give notice a day in advance, so that
Senators may be here, I have therefore no
objection to modifying my motion so as to
move to take the bill up with the view to make
it the special order for to-morrow at one o'clock
I will state to the Senator that I name to-mor-
row for the reason that the Senator from Maine
has notified the Senate that on the next day
he expects to call up a question which will
occupy, unquestionably, the Senate for a num-
ber of days ; what length of time none of us is
now able ro say. It is proper that within a
reasonable lime the message of the President
of the United States should receive the consid-
eration of the Senate, and I do not think that
•we ought to wait until the Senate has disposed
of the reconstruction proposition. Therefore
I think it is right that we should either to-day
or to-morrow take up this bill. My present
motion is to take it up; and then if it is taken
up I shall move to make it the special order
for to-morrow at one o'clock.
Mr. WADE. I hope the bill will not be
taken up now. I do not think we can at this
time definitely fix a proper time to consider
the bill. The Senate is very thin. I believe
several members are now absent. I do not
know when they will be here. When it is taken
up the Senate ought to be full, and 1 cannot
say that that wilf be to-morrow or the next
day. I do not think it is best for us at the
present time to take it tin, and 1 hope we shall
not do so.
Mr. SUMNER. There are one or two of
the Senators who are now absent who are to be
here to-morrow, which is the time proposed by
the Senator from Indiana for the consideration
of this question. I think that we may expect
to-morrow a reasonably full Senate. I am
inclined to think, still further, that we oaght not
to postpone the consideration of the question.
I do not think that a veto message of the Pres-
ident lias ever before in our history been so
long postponed. It has been considered from
day to day, and discussion has been allowed to
go on until a conclusion was reached. I am
not aware that any message of that character
has ever been laid upon the table and there
allowed to sleep as if it was not to be proceeded
with. It seems to me that the Senate ought to
proceed with it at an early day, that the ques-
tion maybe definitively settled. As it stands
now, the question is not definitively settled.
It is an open question still whether the State
of Colorado shall be received into the Union.
It ought to be*closed.
Mr. WADE. I have had some little expe-
rience as to these veto messages, not so much
nor so often formerly as now ; but I know very
well they have been treated precisely as any
other measure has been treated here. There
is no reason that I know of why they should
be considered in any other light than any other
measure that is important before the body, and
they have always been so considered. The
!; Senator from Massachusetts says that we have
I; proceeded immediately to take them up and
ji consider them, and not laid them on the table.
II That is not my experience. When what was
ji called the homestead bill, in the days of Mr.
)' Buchanan, was vetoed, it lay here nearly
ij three months, if I am not greatly mistaken,
'! before it was finally settled. It was laid on
, the table, and adjournments took place, pre-
ij cisely as upon any other question that was
;; deemed by the body important, and which they
11 wished to discuss. I see no reason why we
ji should at this time take up this message. I do
ij not think we are ready to dispose of it prop-
II erly at the present time, and I do not think
|j the friends of the measure ought to take it up
il at this time.
j Mr. HENDRICKS. I certainly would not
!! ask the Senate to consider a bill when it could
j not be properly considered: but the Senator
j from Ohio has not stated any reason why the
■ Senate is not prepared to consider this bi.l.
■< It was pressed upon the attention of the Sen-
!' ate more than a month ago. It was said we
" were in a condition to consider it then. We
did consider it and rejected the bill. Then.
' again, there was a motion to reconsider, and
after further protracted debate a ditierent re-
, suit was arrived at in the .Senate, somewhat
astonishing to some of ns. After two debates
in the Senate upon the bill it finally went to
the President of the United States. He did
not agree with the Senate in Its last vote ; he
thought the Senate was right in its first vote.
Now that question is before us, presented
as an important question by the President of
the United States for our consideration. I
know of no reason why the Senate is not pre-
pared to consider it. The Senator from Ohio
gives no reason. The question of the admis-
sion of a State into the Union is a very grave
and important one. It loses none of its gravity
and importance by the fact that it is now ac-
companied by the veto of the President of tiie
United States. It is due. I think, to the
dignity of that message that it should be con-
sidered at an early day. For this reason I
have moved to take the bill up with the view
of making it the special order for to-morrow.
Mr. WADE. The Senator asks me why I
am not ready to take up this bill now. and I
am very frank, as I am on all occasions, to
tell him the reason. I am a friend to this
measure, notwithstanding the veto of the Pres-
ident. I have come to the conclusion that this
Territory ought to be admitted as a State for
a good many reasons that might be assigned,
but which it would not be proper to argue
now. I wish to deal with this question as I do
with all others that I am in any way intrusted
with the charge of. I do not think the bill is
as likely to bo successful if we take it up now
as it would be if we were to postpone it a little
longer, and when I have a measure at heart
that I intend to pass 1 intend to take every
honorable means that 1 can to pass it. I do
not think it is politic now for the friends of
the bill to take it up. That is all I have to say
about it. As one of the friends of the measure
I hope it will not be considered now, and for
the reason I have given.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator from
Indiana thinks that this matter ought to be
considered immediately because, he says, a
mouth ago the Senate considered the measure
]| and rejected it, but afterward adopted the
ij measure and sent it to the President who has
j vetoed it, and now a proper courtesy on our
;; part requires that we should consider it im-
jj mediately. I do not know but that the sug-
i; gestion of the Senator from Ohio ought to be
|j listened to from another consideration besides
■ } that which he has given. It seems that Colo-
h rado has had a very hard time of it. We passed
'[ an enabling act, two years ago. saying to the
j people of Colorado that if they desired a State
jj government, they might vote upon the propo-
;j sition, adopt a State government, and we would
j; receive them. At the first vote after the en-
!; abiing act was passed, Colorado rejected the
I proposition. Upon a reconsideration of the
■ question, however, the people of that Terri-
;i tory adopted the proposition, and now send
j; us a State constitution, and ask for admission.
The President took the matter into considera-
i. tion, because it suited him. or directly in ac-
; cordance with the provisions of the enabling
j act itself, I believe, the President was author-
' ized by a proclamation to admit the State ;
i but instead of doing so. he sent the proposi-
I: tion for admission to us, and said, ''I leave
' this matter to Congress/' Congress took it
ji into consideration. It is true that the Senate,
i upon the first vote, like the people of Colo-
,, rado, rejected the proposition, and left the
i State out. The President said to us that he
; was willing to leave it to us, and whatever wa
i might do on the subject. I understood, he was
;■ perfectly willing to give his sanction to. How-
ever. the Senate, after first rejecting it, recou-
. sidered the proposition and then adopted it,
and said to the people of Colorado that they
could be admitted. This shows a change, not
only on the part of the people of that Terri-
, tory, but a change, after reconsideration, on
the part of Congress. Now. sir. let us give a
little time to the President of the United
States. I am satisfied, upon all the prece-
dents an^, all the history of Colorado, that if
he has a "'short time, he will send us, in the
course of a few days, a message withdrawing
his veto message. Let him have the same
time that the people of Colorado had to con-
sider the proposition, and the same time the
Senate had to reconsider it, and in all proba-
bility ho will come to as correct a conclusion
as the people of Colorado and the Senate of
the United States.
Mr. FESSEXDEX. I voted against the
admission of Colorado, but I am quite willing
to leave the question of when this veto mes-
sage shall be taken up. within reasonable
limits, to the friends of the measure. As I
differed from them with very great reluctance,
and was disposed, if I could, to vote with
them. I am certainly not disposed to press its
consideration at a time which is inconvenient
■ to them and against their wishes. I am will-
ing that they should take their own time, and
shall therefore vote with my friend from Ohio
on the motion to take up this question, he
being chairman of the committee which has
the bill in charge. I think it is proper to
comply to a reasonable extent with his wishes
, on the subject.
: But I rose merely to say that I can see no
occasion for the suggestion that bv deferring
the consideration of this bill a discourtesy
; would be committed toward the President. It
so happened that the message was not read
upon the day on which it was laid on the table.
It was suggested by a Senator at that time.
■ who was desirous that it should be read on
that day. that not to read it then would be not
i treating the President with that respect which
was due to him as President in relation to the
message itself. It also so happened that be-
fore that suggestion was made I had made a
.motion to go into executive session: and I
replied at that lime that nothing like a want
of respect or a disposition to treat the Presi-
' dent with disiespeet existed, so far as 1 wa3
concerned. I see that the idea has been caught
at and that some presses have taken pains to
represent that there was intentional discourtesy
■ on the part of the Senate.
