1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of Human Nature, is nothing but "a white
man s Government." The whole assumption
is ignoble, utterly unsupported by history, and
insulting to the Fathers, while it is offensively
illogical and irreligious. It is illogical, inas-
much as'our fathers, when they declared that
all men are created equal, gave expression to a
truth of political-science, which, from the na-
ture of the case, admits no exception. As an
axiom it is without exception; for it is the essence
of an axiom, whether in geometry or morals,
to be universal. As an abstract truth it is also
without exception, according to the require-
ment of such truth. And finally,' as a self-evi-
dent truth, so announced in the great Declara-
tion, it is without exception; for only such truth
can be self-evident. Thus, whether axiom, ab-
stract truth, or self-evident truth, it is always
universal. But the assumption is not only
illogical, it is irreligious, inasmuch as it flies in
the face of that living truth which appears twice
at the Creation : first, when God said, "Let us
make man in our imageand, secondly, in the
Unity of the race, then divinely appointed, and
which appears again in the gospel, when it
said, " God that made the world, and all things
therein, hath made of one blood all nations of
men." According to the best testimony now,
the population of the earth—embracing Cau-
casians, Mongolians, Malays, Africans, and
Americans—is about thirteen hundred millions,
of whom only three hundred and seventy-five
millions are "white men," or little less than
one fourth, so that, in claiming exclusive rights
for "white men," you degrade nearly three-
quarters of the Human Family, made in the
"image of God" and declared to be of "one
blood," while you sanction a Caste offensive
to religion, an Oligarchy inconsistent with Re-
Eublican Government, and a Monopoly which
as the whole world as its footstool.
Against this assumption I protest with mind,
soul^and heart. It is false in religion, false in
statesmanship, and false in eeouomy. It is
an extravagance, which, if enforced, is foolish
tyranny. Show me a creature, with erect coun-
tenance looking to heaven, made in the image
of God, and I show you a mas, who, of what-
ever country or race, whether darkened by
equatorial sun or blanched by northern cold, is
with you a child of the Heavenly Father, and
equal with you in title to all the rights of Hu-
man Nature. You cannot deny these rights
without impiety. And so has God linked the
national welfare with national duty, you cannot
deny these rights without peril to the Republic.
It is not enough that you have given Liberty.
By the same title that we claim Liberty do we
claim Equality also. One cannot be denied
without the other. What is Liberty without
Equality? What is Equality without Liberty?
One is the complement of the other. The two
are necessary to round and complete the circle
of Americah citizenship. They are the two lobes
of the mighty lungs through which the people
breathe the breath of life. They are the two
vital principles of a Republican Government,
without which a Government, although repub-
lican in name, cannot be republican in fact.
These two vital principles belong to those divine
statutes which are graven on the heart of Uni-
versal Man, even upon the heart of the slave
who forgets them, and upon the heart of the
master who denies them; and whether forgotten
or denied, they are more enduring than marble
or brass, for they share the perpetuity of the
Human Family.
The Roman Cato, after declaring his belief
in the immortality of the soul, added, that if
this were an error, it was an error which he
loved. And now, declaring my belief in Lib-
erty and Equality as the God-given birthright
of all men, let me say, in the same spirit, if this
be an error, it is an error which I love; if this
be a fault, it is a fault which I shall be slow to
renounce; if this bo an illusion, it is an allusion
which I pray may wrap the world in its angelic
forms.
Mr. FESSENDEN obtained the floor.
Mr. MORRILL. I thiakit important to have
an executive session, and if it is agreeable to
my colleague, I will make that motion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is a matter of indif-
ference to me.
Mr. MORRILL. Then I submit that mo-
tion.
Mr. WILSON. I do not know that we have
anything pressing in executive session, and if
the Senator from Maine will yield the floor I
should like to let this subject pass over infor-
mally and take up a little bill 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will state to my hon-
orable friend that it is very important that we
should have an executive session this after-
noon.
Mr. WILSON. Very well. I shall not
object.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to ; and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 6, 1866.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
COST OF NAVY-YARD AT PHILADELPHIA.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting a letter from the Fourth Auditor
of the Treasury in regard to the cost of the
navy-yard at Philadelphia, in response to a res-
olution of the HouseofJanuaryll, 1806; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
INCOME FROM PROPERTY IN THE FUNDS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting the report of Hon. S. S. Hayes,
of the United States revenue commission, upon
the income derived from property in the funds
and taxation generally.
Mr. WENTWORTII moved that the letter
of the Secretary, with the accompanying pa-
pers, be referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and that the Secretary's letter be ordered
to be printed.
The SPEAKER. As the Secretary of the
Treasury differs from the report of the commis-
sioner, perhaps the letter of the Secretary had
better be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Tbeasury Defartmkn't, February 5,1866.
Sir: I have tl o honor to submit to you a report
from lion. S. S. Hayes, a member of the United States
revenue commission, upon tho property in the funds
and the income derived therefrom as a source of na-
tional revenue, the financial system of the United
States, the creation of a sinking fund, and taxation
in general.
The subjects upon which Mr, Hayes treats have
been carefully considered, and his views are very ably
and clearly presented in this report. I cannot indorse
his conclusions; but it is due to him and the impor-
tance of the subject which hediscusses that his report
should bo presented to and carefully considered by
Congress.
I am very truly yours.
n. mcculloch.
Hon. Schuyleb Colfax,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Mr. Wextwoktii's motion was agreed to.
POST OFFICE ADVERTISEMENTS.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask to introduce a
joint resolution for publication of notices of
mail lettings. It provides that the yearfy ad-
vertisements and proposals to carry the mails
of the United States, including the present year,
shall be published for a period of six weeks in
one newspaper printed in each congressional
district in the several States where the mail
service is to be performed.
Mr. KASSON. I hope the gentleinan will
not ask a vote without first hearing the views
of the Post Office Department. The law as it
now stands was designed to effect a very con-
siderable reduction in the printing expenses of
the Department. The mail lettings sire1 riow
published in pamphlet form and distributed to
all the post offices and to contractors' for the
mails, besides the publication in newspapers,
The notice now is just as effectually advertised
for the interests of the Government as it would
be in the way proposed. We ought not to re-
turn without good cause to the old plan, with,
its increased expenditures. . , ; •'
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It does not restore
the old plan. At present the law provides that
they shallbe published in not exceeding fiive
newspapers in every State and Territory. The
operation of the law is to publish them in five
newspapers in each State without reference to
its size, so that in the small States they are pub-
lished in five newspapers, while in the very large
States of New York, Pennsylvania, Ohio, and
Illinois, they are published in but five.
Mr. KASSON. I think the gentleman is in
error about the publication in the sniall States
being in five papers. A smaller number of
papers is selected in the small States, as I am
informed. Without intending any discourtesy,
I hope the gentleman will allow me to make
objection.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
objects, and it is therefore not before the House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman from
Iowa consents that the resolution be referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
The joint resolution was then read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
VICE ADMIRAL DAVID G. FARBAGUT.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, by unanimous con-
sent, reported back Senate joint resolution No.
25, tendering the thanks of Congress to Vice
Admiral David G. Farragut, and to the officers,
petty officers, seamen, and marines under his
command for their gallantry and good conduct
in the action in Mobile bay, on the 6th of Au-
gust, 1864; which was ordered to a third read-
ing, and was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the House passed the
joint resolution, and to lay that motion on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NAVAL ACADEMY STUDENTS.
Mr. MILLER, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be,
and are hereby, requested to inquire into the propriety
of so changing tho law and regulations of the Kaval
Academy as to admit students therein up to the age
of twenty-one years, so as to accord with those ad-
mitted into the Military Academy.
BRONZE DOORS OF THE CAPITOI..
The SPEAKER. Before the House proceeds
to the regular order, the Chair desires to state
that some Senators havestated to him that the
bronze doors between the wings of the Capitol
leading to the old Hall of the House of Repre-
sentatives have been injured to some extent,
and the Chair has found that one or two swords
have been taken from the statuettes. The
Chair, therefore, asks consent to refer the whole
matter to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suggest
that the committee also inquire whether the
Halls shall be occupied with little dry-goods and
cake stands.
Mr. STEVENS. And I would like to have
them examine and report what that monster is
out there. [Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The in-
quiry should embrace the whole subject.
The SPEAKER. All those subjects will
be referred to the Committeeon Public'Build-
ings and Grounds, and they may report to the
House.
