272
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
[June 16,
Ho. of Reps.
The Constitution and the Union—Mr. Trimble.
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
will cling to it as the last hope of freedom, as
the bond of unity in the past, as the only prac-
tical bond of union in the future, the only land
lifted above the waters to which the ark of the
Union can be moored. From that ark alone
will go out the dove, which shall return bring-
ing the habeas corpus and the olive-branch of
peace.
The Union was originally formed by the ex-
ercise of a spirit of conciliation and compro-
mise ; to restore and preserve it the same spirit
must prevail in our councils and the hearts of
the people. Who will assert that our ances-
tors would have formed this Union with the
people of the North if the feelings and opinions
now existing among them had then existed?
When the Constitution was framed there was
then no hatred, no sectional strife, no negro
suffrage, no Freedmen's Bureau, no military
despotism, no high tariffs, no taxation without
representation to enslave one section of the
country to carry out the Black Republican
negro policy to the detriment and disgrace of
all. Then they were coequal States, protected
alike, acknowledged by the Government and
the world to be sovereign and independent
States. By the Constitution certain duties
were imposed upon the several States, and the
exercise of certain of their powers was re-
strained, which implied their continued exist-
ence as States. But to remove all doubt an
amendment was added which declared that the
powers not delegated to the United States by
the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the
States, are reserved to the States respectively,
or to the people. The reserved rights of the
States have been treated as nullities, not worth
the paper on which they were written.
The finances of the country demand our im-
mediate consideration. If we would avoid
bankruptcy and repudiation our taxes should
be equal and uniform. The wealth of the coun-
try should bear its just proportion, whether in
bonds, stocks, or anything else. The rate of
interest should be reduced, the debt scaled
whenever there was fraud- or want of consider-
ation. All just claims should bo paid. We
should settle fair. When we go into court for
equity we should do justice ourselves.
Sir, it has been said in this Hall, and else-
where, by distinguished leaders of the radical
party, that the Constitution and Union should
never be restoued as it was before this terrible
civil war. Disunionists may and will object,
but patriots would glory in such a result. Would
to God I had it in my power, I would issue a
general amnesty and let the captives free. I
would open the new-made graves from the Rfc
Grande to Gettysburg, restore the dead to life,
the widows to their husbands, the orphans to
their fathers, and the charred ruins and desola-
tions of the South to all their original splendor.
Sir, I would restore the maimed, the halt, crip-
pled, and the blind with a reunion of friends
and of States under the Constitution, with the
ardent prayer that God in His wisdom and
mercy should never again scourge a people as
we have been.
But, sir, that is impossible. But we can and
ought to do this for the thousands who have
uponeach side, in the discharg'eof what they con-
sidered their duty to their God, their country,
their homes, and their firesides—who have gone
from the bloody fields of war to that undiscov-
ered bourne from whence no traveler ever re-
turns—we should throw over their graves and
memory the mantle of charity, foster and pro-
tect their widows and orphans, and, if possible,
save for the living and posterity the Constitu-
tion unamended by tinkers, and which I trust
will yet bless us with the best Government ever
vouchsafed by God to any people since the
morning of creation. Let us act with charity
toward all and malice toward none; save, re-
store, and protect what is left from the fires of
war to the living and those who are to come
after us.
We are told by the action of Congress the
southern people are disloyal. Will the taxing
of cotton, the adoption of the various amend-
ments submitted here and to the States, crush-
ing out the last vestige of State rights and the
liberty of the citizens, make them loyal? They
were told, " If you will abolish slavery, give up
four thousand millions of property guarantied
to you by the Constitution of the United States,
and yours by law until confiscated by legal
process ; if you will ratify the amendment
and repudiate your war debt for the payment
of which the faith of your States were pledged
in many instances, it will be evidence of your
loyalty and submission to the Federal Govern-
ment ; you will be entitled then to return to
the house of your fathers." They did all this
with an alacrity and unanimity never displayed
before by any free people. But now it is
sought to enforce other more onerous and de-
grading conditions. The pound of flesh was
nominated in the bond, but not one jot of
blood.
Suppose the southern people could be so lost
to honor and manhood as to accept the terms
proposed by the radicals or revolutionists,
would their abject obedience to your unlawful
behests fit them in any sense to become free
American citizens? The people of the South
lay we have thought five years' residence was
necessary to fit the intelligent foreigner for citi-
zenship, so as to acquire knowledge of our insti-
tutions, yet Congress will admit that the negro,
even though in besotted ignorance, is better
than the foreigner, equal before the law with
ourselves. Enfranchising the negro by Con-
gress, will that make the South loyal? Theim-
position of such an act, its acceptance or non-
aeceptance does not change their position.
What is the test a great nation should make of
loyalty other than submission to the Constitu-
tion as' it is and the laws passed in pursuance
thereof? Does any gentleman here pretend a
necessity for any other test? Does he apply
any other test to his own loyalty, or ought he
in justice? I fear there are some among us
who care less for loyalty than power and plun-
der, and nothing for justice, but more to spit
out their venom and wreak vengeance on a
brave and chivalrous people whom the fortunes
of war have prostrated at our feet. Nationalize
our people; obliterate all sectional feeling by
national, just, and humane laws. Every man
should be proud of his State when its people
have adorned their manhood by deeds of chiv-
alry and valor. Has any one here looked on a
returning regiment from the war, belonging to
his own or native State, who lias- heard of' its
valor on the field? He sees jts ranks thinned,
and knows these veterans are battle-scarred; he
sees that flag which was presented to them
brought back, but in tatters, for it has borne
the storm of battle. Who is there that does not
feel a pride for these men, and for the Stfite
that gave them birth, North or South? Shall
the people of the South be denied this poor
privilege, and if you please, to weep over
their fallen braves, shed tears for departed
friends? Nay, sir, let her fair womci decor-
ate the lonely graves of their loved ones and
strew flowers upon the cold clay that covers
their mortal remains. There is no treason
in this. Do you fear dead men, or would you
crush this feeling of affection that has com-
manded the respect of the wise and good of
all ages ?
The issues which divided the Democrats
and Abolitionists before the war are, as Mr.
Lincoln predicted, again upon us. The Demo-
cratic party are unanimously in favor of restor-
ing the Union with the rights of citizens unim-
paired—the Republican party is against it.
Then the ery was "No union with slave-
holders." Now it is "No union with rebels."
What further punishment do you propose to
inflict on the South—on your own country-
men? Do you wish to prey on them as Eng-
land has on poor Ireland, or crush then as
the Kaiser did the Hungarians, or obliterate
those States as Poland has been blotted out
from the map of Europe by the Russian Czars?
Sir, if you do not intend to have a Union upon
terms of equality, you had better at once let
the South go in peace, for no brave people ever
did or ever will submit long to such taxes and
oppression without representation. Our fore-
fathers fought for representation. They estab-
lished the principle by the offering of their
lives and their Wood that representation and
taxation should go together. Is that principle
less dear to American freemen to-day? No,
sir; it will continue to glow and burn until
again enshrined in the hearts of every true
American in this land, and woe to the man or
party that stands in the way of this inalienable
right. Eleven States are kept out of the Union
as subjugated provinces. Twenty-two Sen-
ators are denied votes in the Senate in plain
violation of that provision of the Constitution
(article five) that you admit cannot be amended
except by the consent of the State deprived of
her equal voice in the Senate. New England
had well pause and survey the ground this pre-
cedent establishes; it may some day deprive
her of her arrogance and power. As American
freemen and Democrats we will raise the ban-
nerjrf the Constitution and Union, emblazon
upon its folds taxation without representation
is unconstitutional and tyrannous, and resist-
ance to tyrants is obcdicnce to God. Upon this
issue we will appeal from Congress to the peo-
ple, the source of all power. Who can doubt
the result, aided as we will be by Andrew John-
son, the patriot and people's friend, and by
every lover of law and order ?
In this contest we do not seek partisan ad-
vantage ; we are battling for the rights of all.
We are determined that freedom of speech and
of the press shall be unimpaired, although they
may be used to denounce us and the Constitu-
tion. We intend that rights of conscience shall
be protected, although mistaken views of duty
may turn the temples of God into theaters for
partisan denunciation.
This Congress will not save the Union. It
has, by its vindictive legislation, by displays of
hate and passion, placed obstructions in its
own pathway which it cannot overcome, and
has hampered its own powers of action by ille-
gal and unconstitutional acts. But if Congress
will not save the Union the great constitutional
Democratic party can. Congress has placed
many things above the Constitution; we put it
first of all. They think amendments to the
organic law are worth more than Union and
peace ; we demand no conditions for the res-
toration of the Union. We are shackled with
no prejudices, no hate, no passion. Wc wish
for fraternal relationship with the people of the
South. We demand for them what we demand
for ourselves, the full recognition of the rights
of Stales and every citizen thereof. In the
coming elections the people must decide with
which of the now great political parties they
will act. But as they value their liberty, vote
for no man whose position is doubtful. If they
wish for Union, peace, and liberty," they will act
with that party which does now and always
did love and reverence the Union of our fath-
ers. If they wish peace, they will act with
those who sought to avert the war, and who
now seek to restore good-will and harmony
among all sections of our common country. If
they care for their rights as persons, and the
sacredness of their homes, they will act with
those who stood up to resist arbitrary arrests,
despotic legislation, illegal proclamations, and
the overthrow of the judiciary, the last hope of
justice and liberty. I have yet faith in the
patriotism angt intelligence of the American
people. To them must be submitted this mo-
mentous question. To them I shall look with
an abiding confidence for the triumph of the
Constitution over all enemies.
