688
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
February 6,
feeedme^'b bureau.
Mr. ELIOT. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
consideration of the various propositions relat-
ing to th& Freedrnun's Bureau, on which the
previous question was demanded and seconded
yesterday, and the main question ordered. The
Clerk will now report the propositions in their
order.
The Clerk read the amendments proposed,
namely? first, that of Mr. Smith, excepting
from the operation of the bill the State of Ken-
tucky ; second, the substitute offered by Mr.
Stevens : and lastly, the substitute for the
Senate bill reported by the committee.
The question was then taken upon agreeing
to the amendment to the amendment as pro-
posed by Mr. Smith ; and it was decided in the
negative—yeas 31, nays 131, not voting 17; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Boycr, Brooks, Chanler, Dawson,
Eldridge, Fmek, Glossbrcnnci\.(irri<ier, Aaaon Hard-
ing, Harris, ilogan, Jul win N. ilubbell, J&rncs I\f. .
Humphrey, Kerr, Le Blond, Marshall, McCyiilongh,
Niblack, Nicholson, Samuel J. lianda.ll, William H.
Randall, Bitter, Koseis, Itoss, Rousscait, Shankim,
Sii-grcaves, Smith, Stiousc, Xaber, Taylor, Thornton,
Trimble, and Wright—o4.
KAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
BelosK. Ashley, James A£. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin,
Banks, Barker, Baxter, Bca.man,Benjamin,Bidwell,
Bingham, Boutwell, Brande%ee,Brom\vell,Broomall,
BueklanJ, Bundy, ileader W.Clarke,Sidney Claikc,
Cobb, Couklinj?, Cook, Oullom. Barling, Dawes, De-
frees, Delano, jjeminsr, Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs, Da-
mon t, Eckley, Eagles ton, Ehot.rarn^vorth, Fin qxihar,
I'ViTy, Uarlicid, Gunnoli, Hale, Abner C. Hauling,
Hart, JIayes,Henderson,Higby, Hill, Holmes,Hooper,
Ilotehkiss, Asahel \V. Hubbard, Chester 3>. Hubbard,
JDcuias Hubbard, John. II. Hubbard, James H.Hub-
bfli, Jame-5 Humphrey,. ingersoll, Jenekes, Jutlan,
Kassou, Keilev, KeUo, Ivefoh.uu, Ivuykcndall, Lullon,
Latham, George V. Lav/rene<\ William Lawrence,
Loan, Longyear, Lynch, Mtu -tun, Marvin, MeClun?,
Meliuloe, McKce, Melluer, Mereur, Miller, Moor-
bend, Mornii, Plains, Moulton, flyers, JNeweli,
O'Neill, Orth, Paino, PatleiMUi, Pcrh.im, Phelps,
Pike, Plants, Pumeroy, Pii;u\ Raymond. Alexandei
H. Riee, .Jotin il. llice, Rolling, Sawyer, Scheitek,
ScoiiuUl, Shellabarger, Sloan, Spaidms:, Starr, Ste-
vens, Stilwoll, Thayer, ^Fianeis Thomas, Jolm^ L.
Thomas, Trowbridge, llpsou, Van Aeinani, Van
Horn, Ward, Warner, Lhhu B. Washburne, William
B. Washburn, Wellcei, Weutworth, Whaley, Wil-
liams. Jsune* l<\ WiKon, Stephen 1\ Wilson, Yv indom,
and Woodhrultrc—1:>1.
NOT VOTLNG—Messrs. Aneona, Bergen, Blaine,
Blow. Culver, Davi-', Denir-on, Goodyear, Gri'-wohl,
Hiilburd, Johnson, June-;, Nooll, lladlord, RobeitT.
Van Horn, Voorhees, and WinUold—17.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The question recurred on the .substitute of-
fered by Mr. Steven's for thesub^ilute repotted
from the eommiitoc on froedmen.
Mr. STKVI'JXS tlomauded the yens and nays.
The yeas and ua\s weie ordeicd.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas U7, navs 1-0, not voting
10 ; as follows :
YEAS—-Messrs. Ames. Baldwin, Banks,Brandoffce,
Bromwell, Broomall, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Doming,
Dixon, Donnelly, Dri.'^s, ihuiiont, Kekley, Fams-
worih, G.irlield. llender.-on, 11 i'cb>, H< tehki^^, Denial
llubbaui, Jenek«'>. Julian. McClui :r. Me I ndoo, Mrr-
eui, Moorhead, Moiris, Fame, Sawyer, Sehenck,
Sloan, Sjmld'U'y, Stevens. Van Aeuuiin, William-,
Stephen F. Willow, and U'mdom—''7.
N AVS—VUe\. Vlii.Min, Andor^on, ,rame:^M.
Ashley, Baker, J3:i ktv, Baxter, Beaman, liomanmi,
Bidwell, Binvham, Blaine. Boutwoll.. IJuycr, Umoks,
Buckland, Bandy, thanlci, Reader V> . <Jhu k<\ (.'onk-
]inf, Cook, Cullom, H.tihm', Davis, Dawes Dawson,
Detrecs. Delano, K^srleston, Eldndc-.e, Lhot, lar-
uhai, Feuy, Pin- k. (Ho^-brenner. Gndei, Gunnell,
.rriswold. Hale, Aaron Hardin?. Abucr C. 11,cranio:,
Harris. Uayes, Hill, Hosr.m, Holmes, Hooper. Chc^tT
D. Hubbard, John 11. Hubbard, Ld vin N. Hubbeli,
James' 11. llubbell. Jtu>io llnniphreyv Jaine<^ M.
Humphrey, In:,'ersoil. K.is--on, Kvli'-y, Ivrlso, Iverr,
Kotcnam, lvu\kendall, Laiita, Jj;nham, Gfonre V.
Lawrence, William L.xwieiK e, IjeBlond, Loan, Lonsc-
yertr, Lyueh, Mar-hai!, Alar^ton, Mar\in, M'-Cul-
lou-h. MeKee, McRuor, Midler, Moulton, Myee-,
Newell, Niblack, Nudiolsun, ISoell. O'Neill, Orth,
Patterson, Perham, Phelps,•Plant.-, Ponteroy, Priee,
Samuel J. PuaiHlall, William 11. Randall. Raymond,
Alexander II, Hi,-,e, JohnH.Rice.Rifter, Refers ,J Inl-
lins, Ros^, Ruu.--cau, Scofield. Shankiin. Shuilabar-
i?cr,Sitffrpftves,Snnlh, Starr, Sill well, Strnuse, Tabcr,
Taylor,Thayer, John L,Thomas,Thornton, Ti imble,
trowbridcre, Ups*on, Burr Van Horn, Ward, Warner,
I'jhhuB. W iXshbume, William B. Wa- hburn, Wel-
ker. \\ entworth. Wlialey, Jamet. F. Wilcoii, Wood-
bridi?'--, ;5ikI \Vti<?ht—126.
NOT VOTING—Mo-bsis. Aneona. Delo* R. Ashley,
8
Voorhees, and Whilield—10.
So the substitute of Mr. Stevexs was rejected.
During the roll-call,
Mr. CONKT,JNCr_said: I wish to state' that
my colleague, Mr. Hclburd, is absent, by the
leave of the House, in consequence of the ill-
ness of a near relative. I make this statement
in reference to all these votes.
Mr. G-LOSSBKENNER said: My colleague,
Mr. Axcona, is still absent on account of sick-
ness. I am authorized to say that he would
have voted against all these propositions.
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded, the question recurred on the
substitute reported from the select committee
on.frcedinen, and, being put, said substitute was
agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. ELIOT demanded the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. LB BLOXD called for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 13G, nays 33, not voting
13 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alloy, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Delos XI. Abhley. ,Tame:J M. Ashley, Baker, .Baldwin,
Banks, Barker, Baxter, lieaman,Benjamin, Bidwell,
Bin^iiam, Blaine, Blow,Boutwell, Braiide^ee,Biom-
v/eil, Broomall, iliimly. Header W. Clarke, Sidney
Oiarke,Colfb, Conkiing,Cook, Cullom, Barlmg, Davis,
liawes, Deiiees, Delano, Denimg, Dixon, Donnelly,
DrigRK. Dumont,X;;ekley,Eggleston,Bliot,Farnswoi 111,
Karnuliai', 1'erry, (iartield, Gi'innell, tinsivold, Hale,
Aimer C. Harding, Halt, Hayes, Henderson, Iliaby,
LJ 111, Holmes, Tleupor, Ifotohkiss, A.sihel *W . Hub-
bard, Che-tor D. llabbard. Demns Hubbard, John il.
U ubbard.J amesR.liubbell, J aiuetilumphi ey, Inger-
soli, J ejudies,.] uiian, Kas.-on, Keiiej, kel.so.Keleham,
Kuykcndall, Latlin, Latliani, Geoi^e V. Ijawre.iiee,
Wiiliam ljawrenee, Loan.Loinfyeiir, Lynoli, Miii>ton,
Marvin,MeCling, Mi-tndoe, McKce, Aicllucr,Mereur,
Jliller, Moorhead, J] "mil, .Mouis, Moulton, Myeiu,
Newell, O'Xeii!, Orth, I'aine, Patti'rsoii, Perluun,
Phelps, I'ike, I'lauls Pomeioy, Priee. William 11.
Randall, Raymond, Alexandei II. Kiee, John It. ltice,
Bollins, Hawyer, Sehenek, Keotield, ^hellabarg:cr,
Smith, P-milding. Starr, ytevens, btilwell._Thav_er,
Franeis Tiioma>, John L. Thomas, Trowbridge, Up-
son, Van Aernam, Buvl Van Horn, Kolierl T. Van
lloin, Ward, Warner, ICiiiiu B. Wasbburne, "William
B. Washburn. Velker, Wentwoi.h, Wlialev, Wil-
liams, James L'\ Wilson, [Stephen lf.AVilsou, Wmdom,
and Woodbiid^e—l.St'.
NAVS—Messis. ibiyer, Brooks, Chanler. Dawson,
Bidndue, Finek, (i!o.--breuiie'-, (Irider, Aaron llard-
I llarns, llo^rall, Kdwin llubbell, James i\I.
1 ]lH!iil>hrev. Iveir, Le Blond, :\lar>hall. MoCalloiuch,
A"ibbu-k', lelinKoii. A'oell, Samuel Rand.ill, Bit-
t' r, Bogers, Uo s, llous^eau, Shankim, >Sit!,'reavcs,
S()ou;-e, 'tabei, Taylor, Thointon, Tumble, and
Wmrhl.-" !.
i\'()T VOTING—Messrs Aneona, Borden, Bnekland,
Cuh er, Demson, (ioodyear, llulburd, Johnson, Jones,
Hadt'ord, Bloan, Voorhees, aud Wmlield—13.
Bo the bill was passed.
Durintr the roll-call,
Mr. BUYER stated that his colleague. Mr.
JiMixsox. was unavoidably absent. If here, he
would undoubtedly have voted in the negative.
The result of the vote having been announced
as above rrrvrdod,
Mr. LI JOT moved to amend the li'Je of the
bill to as to read as foliows : •'An act to amend
an act entitled 'An act to establish a Bureau for
the Belief of Freedmen and iiefugces. aud for
other purposes.'''
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KljlOT moved to reeonfhler tho vole
| by which the bill was passed; and also moved
j that, the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
i table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
kollts ficatiox bill.
Mi-. STEVEXS. by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on Appropriations
a bill making appropriations for the construc-
tion. preservation, and repairs of certain fortifi-
cations and other works of defense, for the ) ear
ending 30th Januan, 18tid; w hich was scad a
iii st. and second time, refeued to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the htate of the Union, and
made the special older for Vt edne.iday. the 15th
instant,-after the morning hour, and from day
to day until disposed of, and ordered to be
printed.
VINDICATION Oi' CIVIL RIGHTS.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, entered a motion to
reconsider the vote by which the House, on yes-
terday, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary Senate bill No. 61, to protect all persons
in their civil rights and to furnish the means
of their vindication.
PERSONAL EXPLANATIONS.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. I desire, Mr. Speaker, to
make a personal explanation. Before doing so
I will ask the Clerk to read a paragraph which
I have marked in the report of yesterday's de-
bate, as published in the Daily Globe of this
morning.
The Clerk read, as follows :
"5Ir.OnissF.LL. History repeats itself. Icarenot
whether the gentleman was four years in the war on
tho Union side or four years on the other side; but I
! say that he degraded his Htate and uttered a senti-
; ment I thought unworthy of an American officer
1 when ho said that ho would do sueh an act on tho
! complaint of a negro against him."
Mr. ROUSSEAU. Mr. Speaker, I did not
use tho language imputed to me by the mem-
ber from Iowa, [Mr. GrixnelI/.] And I pro-
nounce the assertion that has just been read,
that I have degraded my State and uttered a
sentiment unworthy an American officer, to be
false, a vile slander, and unworthy to be uttered
by any gentleman upon this floor.
Mr. GHINNELL. Mr. Speaker, I have no
explanation further than to say that the gen-
tleman has withheld his remarks, and that I
have published mine. I alluded to his remarks
as I understood them, and stated distinctly that
I had no desire to do tho gentleman any injus-
tice. I criticised his language as I understood
it, and I stand by that criticism. If I did not
represent his language correctly, then I make
an apology to him in regard to that. But if I
understood his language correctly I make no
apology for my criticism of il.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. My object was not to
obtain an apology from the gentleman, but to
say what I have said.
Mr. ORINNELL. I have only to say that
;-he gentleman's language is no oifense to me.
[ stand here to discharge my duties as I under-
stand they should be discharged, and I stand
upon my rights as a member of this House, and
when I criticised the laws of Kentucky 1 did
so from a sense of my duty; and when I char-
acterized the language of the gentleman us I
did. it was because I believed it was unworthy
of an American officer, and unworthy of his
noble State; and 1 do not consider that lie rep-
resented the spirit of the loyal army of the
country when he declared he would shoot a cit-
izen because that citizen might have informed
against him.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. I see the gentleman does
not appreciate his position more than he appre-
ciates mine. 1 understand the gentleman is a
preacher of the Gospel. Cut lie has got to
learn that charity that all other men understand.
! am a new member here, but 1 have always
endeavored to deport myself with the utmost
courtesy and kindness toward every gentleman
upon this floor. And it does seem to me that
it came with exceeding ill grace from gentle-
men who have sat in their houses, who have
remained in the bosoms of their families in that
| safety which we were fighting for in thebattle-
I field," to come here and not exercise even ordi-
' nary'charity toward us, but, finding a member
j out of his seat, proceed to assail him. first by
| putting words in his mouth he did not use. and
| then offer him an insult on account of those
| words. I say the gentleman does not appre-
ciate my position nor his own; aud I tell linn
i that; but that is his fault, and not mine.
! Mr. GRINXELL. I have only to say that
1 the gentleman has paraded his profession of
i arms befoie this House. I have not paraded
| mine. If he says that I am a clergyman, or
j was a minister, I have to answer that I was a
; man before I was a minister: and I claim now
I to be a man and an American citizen. _ I am
1 not ashamed of my origin or of my profession.
1 am here to stand up for my principles and for
I my constituents and for my country.
