2712
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
Now, sir, I wish to repel that idea here, and
utterly. It so happened that when that mes-
sage came in we were engaged in a debate and
the consideration of a bill. The message was
not read but was laid on the table of course,
and we proceeded with that bill to a late hour
in the day, when we were all fatigued. The
time arrived at which we usually adjourn, but
it was absolutely necessary for certain pur-
poses to have an executive session that even-
ing, and I moved an executive session, not
■willingly but because it was necessary, think-
ing we could dispose of the matters that re-
quired immediate attention then. Then was
interposed the question of reading the veto
message. I insisted upon my motion, for I
thought at that late hour it was hardly worth
while to take up a message which was to be
listened to at any rate with respect and atten-
tion, and have it read at that period of the
evening, but it might as well come up in the
regular order of business the next morning. I
think still that was the correct course. I utterly
repel the idea for myself and for all others of
the slightest intention on the part of anybody
(because I know that it did not exist) to do any-
thing that was at all out of the way, or im-
proper, or disrespectful to the President of the
United States. As is well known, I am not in
the habit of treating any officer of this Gov-
ernment who is charged with public duties
■with any disrespect whatever, either in words
or acts, and I believe that to be the general
disposition of the Senate itself.
1 only notice this because it shows a dispo-
sition to make a mountain out of a mole-hill,
and construe what was merely an ordinary pro-
ceeding in the course of business into some-
thing that was not intended or in any way de-
signed ; and, I will add, on the suggestion of
my friend from New Hampshire, [Mr. Clauk,]
that these questions are not questions of court-
esy, at all; they arc questions of business. "VVe
pass a bill; we send it to the President: when
he gets ready, within a certain time which is
limited, he returns the bill to us, if he sees fit,
with his objections. When we get ready and
think that the time has properly arrived to con-
sider them, we consider them and come to our
own conclusions. It is a matter of business
deliberation in which the good of the country
is involved, the ordinary course of legislation,
which has reference to the good of the whole,
and not a mere courtesy to an individual,
whatever may be his position, whether he hap-
pens to be the President of the United States,
■who objects to a bill, or whether he happens
to be a chairman of a committee who may have
charge of the bill, or anybody else who is inter-
ested in the bill and desires to be heard upon
it, or that a particular course should be taken.
It is for the Senate to decide; and on all these
questions, as an individual I am to act with
reference to the question itself, and not with
reference to what may be the wishes of others
in relation to it. When it comes before me,
as a Senator I act in my own time and in my
own way, if agreeable to the majority here,
which upon each question has a right to de-
cide. And now, sir, I say that if we should
conclude that the proper time for the consid-
eration of the objections of the President to
the bill has not yet arrived, it is to be con-
strued, so far as I am concerned, and I trust
all others, into a mere opinion that we will
consider it at another lime when we are better
prepared in our own judgments to take it into
consideration.
Mr. HENDRICKS. In the main I agree
with the Senator from Maine in his suggestions
upon the question of business. I think it would
be better that we should consider all such ques-
tions as questions of business rather than ques-
tions of courtesy. But the Senator is aware
of the fact that it is usual, because perhaps
the question is a grave one, and because of the
weight that is given to an executive communi-
cation, to consider veto messages and bills
accompanying them at an early day after they
are communicated to the Senate. A very lengthy
postponement of it is likely to be understood
by many as an intentional one, as a matter of
discourtesy to the President.
The Senator is aware of the fact that when
the Senate pass a bill, and the House of Rep-
resentatives amends that bill in important par-
ticulars, and sends it back here, we consider
those amendments at an earlyday; perhaps
because it comes up in the course of business,
but also, I think, for the reason that there is a
question in dispute between the two Houses,
and that question ought to be settled. Then
when there is a question of difference between
the President and the Senate, that question of
difference ought to be settled at an early day,
I think, as a question of business.
To the suggestion of the Senator from Ohio
I have no particular objection, of course. He
has a right to sclect a time when he thinks he
can carry his measure instead of losing it. I
do not quarrel with him about that, and on
this particular question I think the opinion of
[ the Senator from Ohio is entitled to a great
deal of weight. A year or two ago the Senate
passed the enabling act upon the assurance
given to the Senate by him that there wjis a
large population in Colorado,hethoughtabout
sixty thousand or over, and that the current of
immigration was setting in very rapidly into
Colorado, and that there soon would be a very
large population, fully justifyingthe admission
of the State. Then, when the bill came up a
month or so ago, the Senator said that in all
that he was mistaken, that he was misled, and
that there seemed to be a much less population
there than he had supposed. Clearly the evi-
dence justified the opinion that the Senator
then expressed, for no man can question that
there is much less than sixty thousand inhab-
itants in that Territory, and at that time the
Senator thought it to be his duty, without hav-
ing either the fear or respect of vetoes before
his eyes, to oppose the admission of Colorado
on the ground that the populatiofi of the Ter-
ritory was so inconsiderable. The other day
when the bill passed he was not able to show
us that there had been any increase of popu-
lation since he said to the Senate that the pop-
ulation was too small to justify the admission.
It is possible that if we postpone this bill now
the Senator will again change his opinion. The
Senator from Missouri [Mr. Hexdersox] sug-
gests that if we give the. President an oppor-
] tunity he may change; butl have more reason
i to hope that the Senator from Ohio, having
| already occupied three grounds upon this ques-
; tion, may occupy a fourth directly if we give
j him some time. But I think the question
ought to be considered.
One word in reply to the Senator from Mis-
souri. He intimated that the President, in
communicating this business to the Senate at
an early day of the session, had said that the
subject was referred to Congress and that he
would abide by the decision of Congress. The
President, in that communication, did not say
so; it does not authorize that construction to
be put upon his communication. The Presi-
dent first states the facts; then he says:
! "The proceedings in the second instance for the
! formation of a State government having differed in
time and mode fiom those specified in the act of
March 21,180f, I havo declined to issue tile procla-
mation for which provision is made by the fifth sec-
tion of the law, and therefore submit the question for
the consideration and further action of Congress."
That is all. No opinion is expressed by him,
no intimation expressed by him. The'Presi-
dent could issue no proclamation" upon that
proceeding out in Colorado. The law did not
authorize it; it was not justified by any law
either of the General Government or of the
Territorial Legislature; it was an irregular pro-
ceeding, a party proceeding, gotten up by the
chairmen of the committees of the different
political parties of the Territory, and the elec-
tion was not such as is usually held. Dele-
gates to the convention were appointed by
county conventions, as if you were appointing
delegates to a political, convention in a State
or Territory. It has none of that regularity
which we expect in such grave proceedings
when a State is to be brought into the Union.
But, Mr. President, it is not proper now to
discuss the merits of the question. In the ab-
sence of any sufficient reason why the bill
should not be considered, I think it is due tb
the importance of the question, to the impor-
tance of any executive communication, that we
should consider it at an'early day. If the Sen-
ate decides otherwise, I am individually entirely
content-
Mr. WADE. I did not intend to say any-
thing more about this matter, but the Senator
from Indiana has insinuated that I have vacil-
lated a good deal on this question. I agree
that my course upon it has not been entirely
what would seem consistent to one unac-
quainted with all the facts of the case. I voted
against this bill at first, and on the reconsidera-
tion I voted for it. I gave no reasons for my
last vote, because I do not care so much about
giving reasons generally for the course I take
here. I suppose that my reasons are to be
judged by my votes. My votes always manifest
the strongest reasons. Whoever searches the
record will find my opinions much oftener from
my votes than from anything I say in the Sen-
ate. But I think I had very good reason in this
case to change my vote between the time I first
voted against the bill and afterward on the re-
consideration voted for it. Although I was
upon the committee that reported the bill, and
endeavored to obtain all the facts within my
reach, I found that I had not got hold of all the
facts that really existed in the case, when the
bill was reported. When the bill was reported
I differed from the other members of the com-
mittee on Territories who thought that there
were sufficient reasons for permitting the State
to come in. But after that vote was given we
had a great deal of additional light thrown upon
the subject from the records of the different
departments of this Government showing the
population to be greater than was supposed
when the bill was first up, and when that vote
was given, and that the wealth and the ability
of the Territory to maintain a State govern-
ment were infinitely greater than any member
of the Senate had before supposed. I believe
the fact to be that no Territory in the West had
shown at the time of its admission as a State a
greater amount of wealth or equaled the
amount of taxation paid in this Territory.
I shall detain the Senate but a moment fur
ther, for I am not going to argue the question
nor enter into a lengthy explanation as to my
votes on the subject. I wish simply to ask
whether ever before in the history of this Gov-
ernment there was a veto by a President of a
bill for the admission of a State. You may
trace every Administration from the time that
States were first admitted till now, and this is
the first instance when an Administration has
seen fit to veto a bill which Congress had passed
admitting a State into this Union. There has
been no uniformity in regard to the practice of
Congress in the admission of new States, and
consequently they have been admitted some-
times with a larger and sometimes with a smaller
population, and that has hardly formed any
criterion. It has been said, and I think prop-
erly said, as a general thing, there should be
about population enough for a Representative
in Congress; but that rule has not been adhered
to; we have vacillated one way and the other
just as the circumstances of the case seemed to
require. But the question is one peculiarly
within the jurisdiction of Congress, and less
than any other within the province and obser-
vation of the President of the United States.
This is the first instance where the people of a
Territory wanted to come into the Union and
where Congress had passed an enabling act for
that purpose, that the President has turned
round and put his veto upon the bill for their
admission, so us to keep them out. You can-
not find any other instance in which it has been
done, and you will probably never find one
again. We have not been very exacting of the
Territories when they desired to become States.
Generally, whenever the people of a Territory
have eomc together and said they were able to
maintain a State government, Congress has
