1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2733
rather considered the question a? one belong-
ing to them than to anybody else. We are not
the guardians of Territories so as to say that
■when they are willing to relieve the General
Government of the burden of sustaining a ter-
ritorial government and they are able to main-
tain themselves we will prevent them from
doing it; but we have generally accommodated
them and said, "If you are willing to relieve us
from the burden of sustaining a territorial gov-
ernment and to take upon yourselves a State
government, we are very glad to invite you in."
That has been the general course of Congress,
but it lias been departed from by the President
upon this occasion, and I am not going now
to scrutinize his reasons for it. He may have
good reasons. Undoubtedly they are satisfac-
tory to himself; but they are not quite as sat-
isfactory to me and I hope they are not to many
members of this Congress. His action is novel,
and I hope it will not be repeated by any Exec-
utive hereafter when Congress gives its assent
to the admission of a State. But I am not going
to argue that point now. If I have voted both
ways upon this subject, I have only to say that
the evidence was made to appear very differ-
ently on the different occasions when the meas-
ure was up, and that is the reason I changed
my vote.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I am un-
willing that this question shall be treated as a
question of courtesy to the President of the
United States. I prefer that it shall be re-
garded, as I think it really is, simply as a ques-
tion on the order of business. I believe it is
in that way that the Senator from Indiana has
chosen to present it—a question on the order
of business. Now, looking at it in that light,
it does seem to me that the Senate ought not
longer to postpone its consideration. It has
been already unduly postponed; postponed,
I think, longer than any such measure ever
before was postponed.
But as I have said, it is simply a question on
the order of business, and it is not a question
of principle, nor am I disposed to regard it
as a question of courtesy ; therefore I am very
much disposed to follow what seems to bo the
inclination of the Senate. I do not wish to
interpose any individual opinions of mine to
go across those, of Senators who have this
measure specially in charge. If the Senate is
not disposed to proceed with its consideration
to-day. if there is obviously a majority against
it, I am perfectly willing for one that for the
present it should subside. At the same time
I cannot say that without expressing the opin-
ion that the Senate does owe it to itself and to
the question at issue not to allow its consider-
ation to be too long postponed.
Having said this, perhaps I have said enough
in reply to the practical observations that have
been made' bj' Senators who have preceded me;
but there seems to have been a disposition to
open the main question; different Senators
have expressed their opinions with more or less
fullness on that. I shall not follow them in
that. This is not the time for such a discus-
sion. That time may come. It has already
been before in this Chamber, and then I had
ample opportunity to say what I chose to say.
Perhaps hereafter I may deem it proper to take
another opportunity ; but so far as I am per-
sonally concerned I am in no haste to speak.
I have no disposition to press the matter.
I cannot take my seat, however, without
making one remark in reply to my friend from
Ohio. He says that he is for the admission of
Colorado now, notwithstanding the veto of the
President. To that I reply that I am against
the admission of Colorado now, notwithstand-
ing the veto of the President. I, for one, mean
always to stand by the principle that no State
shall be received into this Union from this time
forward with a constitution which disavows the
first principle of the Declaration of Independ-
ence. On that principle I stand, and I shall
take advantage of every opportunity that is
given to me to uphold it, whether by any Sen-
ator on this floor or .by the President of the
United States.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I was out of the Cham-
ber at the time when this matter was called up,
and I desire to ask whether the question now
is on taking up the bill at this time for consid-
eration.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark
in the chair.) The question is on taking up
the bill and making it the special order for to-
morrow at one o'clock.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I am very anxious to
get before the Senate, if it be possible, prior to
Wednesday, and to have the action of the
Senate upon it, a bill reported by the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, which is a very important
one. It relatesto the public lands in the States
that have been in rebellion. It is a bill which
has already been passed by the House of Rep-
resentatives, and has come to the Senate, and
I look upon it as one of the most important
measures, perhaps, upon which we shall act
during this session. I hope that the bill will
not be taken up at this time, but that an oppor-
tunity will be afforded to take up the bill to
which I allude.
Mr. JOHNSON. The motion made by the
honorable member from Indiana is not to take
up the bill now, except for the purpose of
affixing some day on which it shall be consid-
ered. He has proposed to-morrow. Perhaps
that is too short a time, and as the friends of
the bill ought to have, in some measure, the
fixing of the time at which it is to be consid-
ered, I would suggest to them that they name
some day when the matter shall be considered.
I regretted very much to sec the Senate a
few days since refuse to take up the message;
and I also regretted to see that treated as an
intention by the Senate to act discourteously
toward the President, and I still more regret-
ted to see it stated that that was considered to
be the purpose of the honorable member from
Maine and those who agreed with him at that
time and who objected to the consideration
of the message. I certainly never supposed
that the honorable member from Maine in-
tended any such thing or was capable at any
time of showing any discourtesy to any branch
of the Government. As far as I am concerned
his disclaimer was perfectly unnecessary. And
I am equally sure that the majority of the Sen-
ate could not have contemplated any such dis-
courtesy to the President; but I submit to the
friends of the bill for the admission of Colo-
rado whether it is not proper that some day
should be fixed on which the subject may be
considered. If to-morrow is too soon, say
to-morrow week or this day week: we shall
all then be notified of the lime when the mat-
ter is to be called up and can all be at our
posts to vote as we may think it our duty to
vote. I will add that although so far no dis-
courtesy has been designed to be shown to the
President of the United States, yet perhaps
it would look a little discourteous, whether
designed or not. if we should lefu'-e to fix some
day at which the question shall be considered.
I appeal, therefore, to my friend from Ohio to
name some day next week or this week on
which he will agree to take the measure up.
It is not my purpose, because the matter is
not before the Senate, to answer one of the
suggestions of the honorable member from
Ohio, which would have been more proper,
perhaps, if the bill were before Senate than
simply on a motion to take it up. that this is
the first time when a President of the United
States has vetoed a bill for the introduction
of a State into the Union. That maybe true;
but it is not the less true that he has the con-
stitutional right to veto it; just as much right
to veto a bill of that description as any other
bill that the Congress of the United States
may pass. The honorable member is mistaken
in supposing, too, as he seems to suppose,
that this measure comes before us by force of
an enabling act. I do not understand that to
be the condition of things. "What the enabling
act authorized the people of the Territory to
do was to vote under certain restrictions and
at certain times, and at the election held under
the authority of that act they rejected the con-
stitution by a majority of some three or four
thousand.
But I conclude with asking the honorable
member from Ohio, or the friends of this
measure, whether it is not advisable, looking
to the wishes of all the members of the Sen-
ate, that some day should be set aside at which
this measure should be considered.
Mr. WADE. I should not say another word
if it had not been insinuated that if we treat
this measure as we do other measures the
President will be somehow called in question
in regard to it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have not said so.
Mr. WADE. You appealed to us, saying
that if we delayed it might be so construed,
or so understood, or something of that kind.
Now, I disclaim all such considerations and
all idea that such an effect can follow. I do
not know whether the President supposes, or
anybody else supposes, when he has exercised
his constitutional right that nobody denies him,
and has sent a bill back here for our reconsid-
eration, that we should not treat it precisely as
we do any other question, or any other message
coming from him, I care not what. Why
should we not treat it as we do his annual
message, or any other message, with regard to
which we act precisely as we do with reference
to any other question that is before us ? If we
are not ready to take it up we postpone it; and
the President has no right to consider that he
is treated with any courtesy or any discourtesy
whatever we may do with it, unless wc treat him
with disrespect in relation to it.
Our time, our manner, our way of dealing
with the veto message of the President is within
our own power, precisely the same as every
other question. There is no difference between
it and other measures, in that respect, in my
judgment; and therefore I have forborne to
say anything about the question of courtesy,
nor will it influence my action because it can-
not affect the President at all. We are entirely
independent, as he is independent, any further
than he is bound by the Constitution within
ten days to make up his mind and send back a
bill either approved or disapproved, and he
generally has taken the longest time in which
to do it. There is no reason why he should not
do so, if he is not ready to make up his mind
earlier ; and it is no discourtesy to us that he
goes to the extreme of his rope on the subject.
It can be no discourtesy to him if wo take our
time to consider his message. There is no
question of courtesy or discourtesy in the mat-
ter at all.
As to the manner of taking up this bill, my
course upon it is precisely what it has been
with every other bill of which I have had charge.
I am anxious that the bill of which I am in
favor should pass ; and if I stand behind it to
conduct it through the Senate, I will always,
so far as I can. make use of all honorable
means to secure its passage. If I think one
time is more favorable to it than another. I will
take that time, if the Senate will give ii to me.
I do not think the Senate ought at present to
fix a time for the consideration of this bill,
because several Senators are absent and there
is a very important measure just before us. and
about to come up which will take some time.
I do not know that we ought now to fix a time
for this matter. I prefer to leave it under the
control of the Senate, from day to day, without
making it a special order.
Here let me say that I have never been able
to understand the reason why Senators are so
intent upon making questions spccial orders.
They have no more force than other bills which
are not made special orders. A Senator can
move at any time to take up a bill, and the
order of business is entirely within the control
of a majority of the Senate from day to day.
I may add that if I am to conduct this bill I
shall take no longer time than I think is neces-
sary to bring it fairly before the body, taking
no advantage of one side or the other, seeking
nothing but the deliberate judgment of the
Senate upon it, and desiring action when all
can 1>q presyut. If it wus so xiovt tlmt tlu&t
