1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
68#
EQUAL POLITICAL RIGHTS.
Mr. MORRIS, by unanimous consent,, intro-
duced a bill to secure equal political rights to
every citizen of the United States; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
BERKELEY AND JEFFERSON COUNTIES.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I rise to a
privileged question, and call up the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the House some-
time ago recommitted to the Committee on the
Judiciary the joint resolution (H. II. No. 17)
giving the consent of Congress to the transfer
of the counties of Berkeley and J efierson from
the State of Virginia to the State of West Vir-
ginia. I desire that a vote may be taken on
this subject. I hope that the motion to recon-
sider will be agreed to. I think there will be
no objection to it. I trust that then the joint
resolution will be passed.
The SPEAKER. The question will first be
taken on the motion to reconsider. If that be
adopted, the question will then recur on recom-
mitting the joint resolution to the Committee
on the Judiciary. If that be determined in the
negative, the question will recur upon ordering
the joint resolution to be engrossed and read
a third time.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The question thenrecurringon the motion to
recommit, it was determined in the negative.
The question then recurred on ordering the
joint resolution to be engrossed and read a third
time.
The joint resolution, which was read, recites
in its preamble, that (he General Assembly of
Virginia, by an act passed on the 31st day of
January, 180:1, gave its consent to the county
of Berkeley, of that State ''being admitted to
and becoming part of the State of West Vir-
ginia," and by an act passed on the 4th day of
February. 18G3, did, among other things, give
its consent to the county of Jefferson, of said
State, "being admitted to and becoming part
of the State of West Virginia," which acts au-
thorized the qualified voters thereof to hold an
election within those counties on the 28th day
of May, 18G3, to ascertain the sense of said
voters with respect to the transfer of those
counties from. Virginia to the State of West
Virginia.
The preamble further states that the Gov-
ernor of Virginia, in accordance with a further
provision of the acts cited, did, on the 22d day
of July, 18U3, certify to the Governor of West
Virginia that polls were opened in the county
of Berkeley, on the L'Sth day of May, 18G;>,
" for the purpose indicated in said act'' of Jan-
uary 31, 1803, and that " a very large majority
of the votes east at said election were in favor
of said county of Berkeley 'becoming par!, of
the State of West Virginia;' " and did, on the
14th day of September, 1863, certily to the Gov-
ernor of West Virginia that polls were opened
in the aoimty of Jefferson on the 28th day o£
May, 1863, "on the question of annexation to
said new State,"' and that " a very large ma-
jority of the votes east at said election werein
favor of • annexation to the State of West "V ir-
ginia.' "
The preamble also recites that the Legisla-
ture of West Virginia, by an act passed on the
5th day of August, 18o3, did admit the county
of Berkeley into and make it a part of the Suite
of West Virginia ; and, by an act pasted on
the 2d day of November, 1803, did admit the
county of Jefferson into and make it part of the
Slate of West Virginia; and that the State of
We-it. Virginia has, from the date of said acts
of the Legislature thereof, exercised full and
undisputed jurisdiction over said counties.
The joint resolution declares that the consent
of Congress is given to the transfer of the coun-
ties of Berkeley and Jefferson from Virginia
to the State of West Virginia ; that the juris-
diction exercised over them by the State of
We t Virginia is approved and confirmed, and
that those counties are henceforth part of the
State of West Virginia.
Mr, LAWRENCE, of Ohio. The resolution
39th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 44.
now before the House proposes to give the eon-
sent of Congress to the transfer of the counties
of Jefferson and Berkeley from the State of Vir-
ginia to the State of West Virginia. When the
resolution was reported back trom the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary on the 12th of January last,
it was accompanied by a written report, which
was laid upon the table and ordered to be printed
for the information of riieinbers of the House.
Anything which I might now say upon this sub-
ject would simply be a repetition of what is con-
tained in that report. I will, however, state in
verybriefterms the facts upon which itis asked
that the consent of Congress shall be given to
the transfer of these counties.
On the 19th of June, 1803, if I am not mis-
taken in the date, the constitution of "West Vir-
ginia took effect under the proclamation of the
President of the United States. It contained
a provision authorizing the transfer of the coun-
ties of Jefferson and Berkeley from the State
of Virginia to the State of West Virginia. That
was a fundamental provision of the constitu-
tion itself. Oii the 31st of January, 1803, the
State of Virginia passed an act authorizing
the transfer of Berkeley county to West Virgin ia
on a vote of the people of that county; and on
the 4ih of February, 18G3, the State of Virginia
passed an act authorizing the transfer of Jef-
ferson county upon a vote of the people of that
county.
In pursuance of those laws, a vote was taken
in each of those counties, which vote resulted
in favor of the transfer. The result of lliat vote
was duly certified ; and, from that time until the
present, these counties have, by common con-
sent, been regarded as constituting a part of the
State of West Virginia. They have been so
regarded upon the ground that their transfer from
the State of West Virginia was authorized by the
constitution of West Virginia; and that, there
fore, the assent of Congress was not requisite.
As, however, a question has been made whether
the transfer would be valid without the consent
of Congress, this joint resolution has been in-
troduced, and reported back from the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, merely for the pupose of
settling the controverted question as to whether
the assent of Congress is or is not necessary to
the transfer. All the departments of ihe gov-
ernment, of Virginia and West Virginia, and the
executive department, at least, of the Govern-
ment of the United States, have recognized the
transfer as already made. The courts which
are held there are held under the jurisdiction
and laws of the State of "West Virginia. Judg-
ments have been rendered ; transfers of property
have been made; criminals ha\ ebcen Uied and
sentenced; and in e\ei) possible form the trans>-
fei lias been regarded as complete.
Now, I do not wish to detain the House by i
any further statement of the facts, because 1
suppose it to be wholly unnecessary. My col-
league on the committee, the distinguished gen-
tleman from New Jersey, [Mr. .Rogers,] de-
sires, I believe, to submit some remarks in
opposition to the resolution ; and I will yield to
linn for half an hour, which I hope will enable
him to say all he desires to say; and then, if
any further explanation be necessary, 1 may
ask the privilege of saying a few words in reply
to him. Before doing so, however, I desire to
state an additional fact. It is exceedingly im-
portant that this matter should be disposed of
now. The Legislature of "West Virginia, on
the 1st of February la>t. adopted resolutions,
which I send to the Cleik's desk to bo read,
asking the action of Congress, so tliat this con-
troverted subject may be settled.
The Clerk read, as follows :
Resolutions of tho Legislature of West Virginia,
"Whereas*, on the 31st day of January, A. D. 1803, the
Legislature of the State of Virginia passed a law giv-
ing the consent of sa,id .State to the i ouiuy of Berke-
ley becoming part of the State ol WeJ-t Virginia, and
authorizing a vote to be taken^in said county on the
tourtli Thursday of May, 38*33, upon the qucstkni ot
annexing said county to tho State of West \ ixyinia;
and whereas, on the 4th day of February. A. 1). !So3, a
like law was passed by the Legislature ot the State
uf Viiginia authorizing the people of Jefferson county
on the same day to take a vote upon annexing said
county of Jefferson to tho State of West "Virginia;
and whereas, on the said fourth Thursday of May, A.
D. 1863, a vote was taken in each of said counties in
pursuance of said laws upon the question of annexing
said counties to the State of West Virginia, and a
majority of th e votes cast in each of said counties was
in favor of said annexation; and whereas, on the 22d
day of July, A'. D. 1863, his Excellency, Francis H.
Peirpoint, then, and still, Governor of the Common-
wealth ot Virginia, certified to the Governor of the
State of West Virginia, under his hand and the less
seal of said State, that from the returns on file in his
office a very large majority of the votes cast at said
elections in said counties was in favor of said annex-
ation; and whereas, on the 5th day of August, A. D.
lb<33, the Legislature of West Virginia passed a law
accepting the transfer and annexation of said county
of Berkeley to the said State of West Virginia; and
whereas, on the 2d day of November, A. T). 1863,
the Legislature of West Virginia passed a like law
accepting the transfer and annexation of said county
of Jefferson to the said State of West Virginia; and
whereas ever since the passage of these laws tho
State of West Virginia, and the various State, county,
and township officers of said State, have continually
exercised exclusive and undisputed jurisdiction, and
all the acts of municipal sovereignty necessary for
the good government of said counties ; and whereas
it has been recently claimed and insisted that the
transfer and annexation of said counties was not valid
and complete until the same was ratified by Congress;
and wherea? the doubts and uncertainty created by
such claims and representations tend greatly to create
a spirit of insubordination and disloyalty to tho laws
and government of the State: Therefore,
lie it resolved by the Legislature of the State of West
Virginia, That our Senators and Representatives in
Congress be requested to urge the speedy passageof a
bill or joint resolution by Congress giving its consent
to the annexation and transfer of said counties to the
State of West Virginia, ratifying and approving the
fcame.
itesolvcd, That the Governor be requested to fur-
nish each of our Senators and Keprescntativesin Con-
gress a copy ot the loregoing resolution.
Adopted January 18,1806.
Clerk's Office, House of Delegates.
, Wheeling, January 22, 1866.
I certify that the foregoing is a true transcript from
the record in this office.
WILLIAM P. HUBBARD,
Clerk House of Delegates and Keeper of the Rolls.
State of West Virginia,
Office Secretary of State.
I hereby certify that the foregoing is a true copy of
the original filed in this office.
Given under my hand and the lefcs seal of the State,
cT • -i at my said otiice in the city of Wheeling, this
LL. b.j 25th day of January,
GRANVILLE D. HALL,
Scerttaryjyf State.
Mr. ROGERS. I hope the honorable gen-
tleman who reported this bill will not confine
me to hall'an hour. 1 cannot state my objec-
tions in thirty minutes.
Mr. LA.W1VEXCE, of phio. I think that
half an hour will be enough.
Mr. ROGERS. I am indebted to the gen-
tleman's courtesy for the time I am to occupy;
and as I am the only member of the committee
who opposes (he bill, 1 hope I will he allowed
to have full time to state my objections and
tho reasons for them.
The SPEAKER. There are forty-five min-
utes of the gentleman's hour left.
Mr. ROGERS. Mr. Speaker, this is an appli-
cation to Congress to give its consent to a trans-
fer of Jefferson and Berkeley counties from old
Virginia to West Virginia, some two years after
that transfer was supposed to have been made.
It was supposed, according to the theory of
the report of the committee, that it was unne-
cessary to have any action on the part of Con-
gress to ratify and consent to the transfer of a
pait of old Virginia to West Virginia. The
report goes upon the hypothesis that (he gov-
ernment under Governor Peirpoint was a gov-
ernment de jure, and that therefore any act of
old Virginia under Governor Peirpoint con-
senting ro the transfer of any pait of its terri-
tory to West Virginia was an net of ihe sov-
ereign power of old Virginia, and legal.
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman assumes, as
has been done several times upon the other ^de
of the House, that West Virginia was recognized
by the vote of the Republican portion of tlie
House, upon the ground of the consent of the
State of Virginia to (he organization of the State
of West Virginia, lam not, sir. prepared to say
there were not some gentlemen upon this side of
the House who voted upon that ground ; but I
am prepared to say that there was one who did
not, that there were others who did not, and
that there was one who appealed, in casting his
