690
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
vote in that way, that he should not be misun-
derstood, and many others responded, saying
they could not stultify themselves by assenting
to the idea that the State of Virginia was in a
condition to consent. We voted tor her admis-
sion because the people of this portion of our
territory had organized a State, and earne^to
Congress asking for admission into the Union,
and believing we had the right to admit them,
as they had arranged all the proper prelimina-
ries, we did so admit them. I wish to enter my
protest against the idea being sent abroad any
further, that our action recognizes Virginia as
having the right to consent to anything which
should be made a condition for the action of this
Congress.
Mr. ROGERS. The report of the eommitt'ee,
unanimous, except so far as I am concerned,
bases the authority of Congress to recognize
the transfer of a part of old Virginia to West
Virginia upon the ground that the State of old
Virginia was a State de jure under Governor
Peirpoint. It is asserted she had the right to
transfer any portion of her territory, because she
was a State dejnre-, and that by virtue of that
fact old Virginia was recognized by all the de-
partments of the .Federal Government, and all
the necessary machinery of government was
carried on in old Virginia as in any other State
of the Union. But when they came to another
part of the case, and it is the main pofnt, and
it is asked whether it does not require the con-
sent of old Virginia, West Virginia, and the Con-
gress of the United States at the same identical
moment to carry into effect a tripartite agree-
ment for the transfer of a part of old Virginia
to West Virginia, then they say it is doubtful
whether Virginia is more than a mere govern-
ment de facto.
Now, gentlemen will remember that the State
of Virginia, before Congress had taken any ac-
tion on this subject at all, several months ago,
and since the war ended, passed a solemn act
of her Legislature under her new constitution,
counting these two counties into the State of
old Virginia, and refusing her consent to the
transfer of these counties to the State of West
Virginia. That was before Congress had taken
any action 011 this subject at all. The main
question in this casd then arises, whether that
did not end the proposed agreement. I desire
that you may regard this question as you would
between any other two States; because it is an
important one, in which not only the citizens
of the State of West Virginia, old Virginia, and
all the other States are particularly concerned,
namely, whether a State, although it has given
its consent that a part of its territory shall be
given up to another State, may not withdraw
that eonscvit at any time before the other party,
whose consent is necessary to make a legal ar-
rangomentbetween the parties, shall have given
its consent; 1 mean bv the other parly the Con-
gress of the United Stales.
Now, 1 hold that if the State of old Virginia
wasa sovereign State, if she was a ^tale dejnre
at the timeof the formation of the government
of Virginia under Governor Peirpoint, she is a
State de jure to-day, and that the authority which
she cxereised in taking away the consent which
she had before given to the transfer of a part of
her territory to West Virginia was a sovereign
exercise of authority, which she had a right to
make; and if she withdrew it at any time before
Congress gave its consent—1 mean the third
party whose consent was required in order to
complete the contract—then the contract was
not completed and the grant was unexecuted.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I would like to ask
my colleague on the committee whether the con-
tract had not been ratified before this repeal by
the old State of Virginia, which I understand
occurred on the first day of the convening of
the present session.
Mr. ROGERS. No, sir, it was not ratified.
Congress never has given any ratification or
consent, directly or indirectly, to the transfer
of th e counties of Berkeley or Jefferson to West
Virginia.
Mr. Y\ 00DBRIDGE. I merely want to
know whether that ratification was not per-
formed by all parties except the consent of Con-
gress before the repeal ol the law or grant by
those States, and was not the jurisdiction of the
two counties transferred ?
Mr. ROGERS. The transfer of the jurisdic-
tion of the two counties was not complete, and
West Virginia had 110 right by law to exercise
any authority over the counties of Berkeley and
Jefferson unal Congress had given its consent
to the transfer. The act of Virginia authoriz-
ing the establishment of the State of West Vir-
ginia, reserved in the act the control and juris-
diction of those counties until Congress should
give its consent to the acquisition of that terri-
tory by the State of West Virginia; and until
that time the transfer was not complete. But
these two counties were not included in the act
of Congress. It is a condition of the act that
Congress shall ratify the act of old Virginia
consenting to the erection of West Virginia,
and until Congress consents to the erection of
that State, old Virginia has the entire and ex-
clusive control and jurisdiction over the whole
of the original State.
Mr. LATHAM. I wish to correct a mistake
of the gentleman in regard to the act to which
he refers, and which is now the matter under
consideration by the House—not the act author-
izing the erection of a new State. The act under
consideration now, giving consent to the trans-
fer of the two counties, was a subject which
took place at a period subsequent to the act of
the State of Virginia giving its consent, to the
establishment of the State of West Virginia and
its admission into the Union by Congress. The
act which gives the eonsentof the State of Vir-
ginia to the transfer of these two counties, states
that the jurisdiction of the State of Virginia
over these counties shall cease upon their ad-
mission by the State of West Virginia, without
the consent of Congress. And the jurisdiction
did so cease, was voluntarily withdrawn by their
authorities, and the jurisdiction of West Virginia
extended o\er tliem immediately upon their
admission by tlieStateof West Virginia. If the
gentleman will allow me, I will read the act.
Mr. ROGERS. That will not be disputed ;
that is not the point. 1 am making. The point
is, that when West Virginia was put into an
independent position as a State, old Virginia
stated in her act giving her consent that she
should have entire sovereign control over every
foot of that State until Congress gave its ratifi-
cation to the contract between the two States,
and that originally, when West Virginia was
admitted as a sovereign State into this Union,
it was upon the express condition that certain
counties, naming them, should constitute the
new Stale, and that these counties remained
subjeet to the sole control of the State of old
Virginia. Now, suppose that at anytime after
old Virginia had given its consent, and before
Congress had given its eonsent, and entered
into the agreement necessary to complete the
transfer, old Virgin';! had wit hdrawn her con-
sent. could she not have done it? Js there a
lawyer 111 this Ilonse Hio will say to me that
although a Slate may e<m.sont to the transfer
of a. portion of its territory to another State on
condition that she shall hold sovereiVn power
over that territory till Congress recognizes the
act, that she has not the right at any time be-
before Congress ratifies the agreement to with-
draw her consent from that, contemplated con-
tract? Is it in the eye of the law a consum-
mated contract at any time unless the three
parties consent and agree 10 the contract at the
same identical tune. Either party has a right
to withdraw its consent at any time before the
agreement is fully consummated.
Mr. LATHAM. I will just state that upon
the admission of West Virginia into the Union i
there was 110 contract between Virginia and I
West Virginia. Theie could lie none, because !
West Virginia had 110 existence until admitted
into the Union by tfie Congress of the United
States, and consequently it followed, as a matter
of course, that the jurisdiction of the State of
Virginia should he extended over all the terri-
tory which was erected into the Stale of West
Virginia until West Virginia became a State by
admission into the Union by the Congress of
the United States. There could be 110 agree-
ment between the States until West Virginia
became a State. After the act authorizing West
Virginia to become a State in the Union, the
Legislature of Virginia provided by two separate
acts for the transfer of the counties of Berkeley
and Jefferson, a clause of one of which reads
thus:
"If a majority of the votes at the polls opened and
held pursuant to this act be in favor of the said county
of Berkeley becoming part of the State of AVcst\ir-
ginia. then shall the said county become pait of the
said State of West Virginia when admitted into the
samo with the eonsent of the Legislature thereof.''
Mr. ROGERS. We do not disagree at all
upon that part of the case about the counties.
I am coming to that directly, but that is not the
point now. As to the point the gentleman
raises, that because West Virginia had not then
been established as a State, no contract could
have been made between the States of West
Virginia and old Virginia. Now, that is not
so, because, under the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, 110 State has a right to give up one
inch of its territory to any political community,
organized body, State, or Territory, or to any
citizen, without the consent of Congress. And
why? Bccause the citizens of the UnitedStates,
according to the decision of the Supreme Court
of the United States, are interested in the dis-
memberment and disintegration of the territory
of the United States. No .State can give up
one foot of its territory to any other State,
corporation, political body, or livingindividual
without the consent of Congress as a party to
the contract.
I11 support of this position I read from a case
reported in 18 Howard, page 49-1, decided in
the United States Supreme Court:
" By tlie tenth section ol the first article of the Con-
stitution, no State can enter into any agreement or
compact with another State without the consent of
('"u'.: 1 ess. Now, a question of boundary between States
is in its nature a political question, to be settled by
compact made by the political departments oi the
Government."
" And if Florida and Georgia had, by negotiation
and agreement, proceeded to adiust this boundary,
any compact between them would have been null
and void without the assent of Congress.1'
I say that any agreement between the States
of old Virginia and West Virginia with regard
to (lie tiansfer of Berkeley and .Jefferson coun-
ties was null and void. Every act, therefoie,
of the State of West Virginia exercising juris-
diction over these two counties was in violation
of law and a usurpation. "West Virginia has
no more right to exercise the functions of a
State over these counties than she would have
over the State of New Jersey or any other Slate
in the Union.
I read farther:
" This provision is obviously intended to simul tlie
ricrhts and interests of the other States, and to mo-
vent anv compact or a<n<vmeut between any two
Siiito v iuch mmht allot t injuriously (lie intm^t* of
the 0 flier 5. Ami I ho ri^lit and duty to pro I <*c t those
iiitorc.-ts is vested 113 the General Government."
The Constitution of the United Stales, sec-
tion three, article four, says no new State shall
be formed or erected wiihin the jurisdiction
of any other State without the consent of the
Legislatures of the States concerned, as well
as of Congress. Now, West Virginia could be
established in old Virginia by an act of the
Legislature and the consent of Congress, pro-
vided tho organic law of the State authorized
the Legislature so to do.
New, [ have another ease here, a case which
the committee have referred to in their report,
and by which they attempt to sustain the posi-
tion they take upon this point, and which shows
point biank to the contrary, that that position
is not tenable. No gentleman on the other
side of the House, however prejudiced, can
doubt that the position t take Is tenable and
cannot be contradicted or overthrown by any
one. The tenth section of the first article of
the Constitution of the United Slates piovides
that no St,.to shall, itliuut ihe consent of Con-
gress, enter into any agreement 01 compact
with another State. Now. I hold that a Legis-
lature of a State cannot transfer the territory of
