2714
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
(S. No. 74) fortlie admission of the Stats of
| Colorado into the Union, and to mako it the
j special order for Tuesday week. The Chair
l will divide the question, because it requires
| two different votes. The first is carried by a
I majority and the other by a two-thirds vote,
j The first question is on the motion to take np
the bill.
The motion wa£ agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Indiana now moves that, the bill be
made the special order for Tuesday week, at
one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to, two thirds of the
Senate voting therefor.
FORTIFICATION' APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of the fortifi-
cation appropriation bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senator from
Maine will not press the consideration of that
bill, because I represent, in behalf of the Com-
mittee on Finance, a very important bill, which
I I should like to bring to the consideration of
| the Senate. The bill he now proposes to take
I up is the same one which he proposed to take
I up on Thursday last. There is no necessity
] for pressing it now. Last week he gave notice
j of his intention to call up to-day a question in
i which the whole country feels a great interest,
! and I did not intend to resist its being taken
1 up. Why not now take up the report of the
could be done, I should not delay the measure
a moment; I would as soon have the vote taken
to-day as any other day. There are several
Senators absent., however, who ought to be
here to pass their judgment upon it. I cannot
tell when they will be back. When they are
here, if any Senator suggests to me that he
wants the bill taken up, and I can see no good
reason to the contrary, I shall very cheerfully
move to take it up, and that without any at-
tempt to take advantage of one side or the
other. I expect always to act in subordina-
tion to the deliberate will of a majority of this
body fairly expressed. I never ask for any snap
judgment on any measure I have in charge,
however strongly I may feel on the subject.
That is not my habit, and it will not be on this
occasion. I want the bill to pass, but I want
a fair expression of the Senate upon it, with
all present who see lit to be present. The
question of amending the Constitution is com-
ing up in a day or two. and we have been told
that when it is once up we ought not to depart
from its consideration until we get through
with it. I think, then, that at this time we
ought not to take up this bill for action. I
think it had better lie on the table as it is, with
my assurance that, so far as I am concerned,
at the earliest time when it can be taken up so
as to get a full expression of the Senate upon
it *it shall be done.
Mr. HENDRICKS. With the permission
of the Senate, at the suggestion of gentlemen ...
around me I will modify my motion so as to !j committee on reconstruction, and proceed to-
take up the bill with the view of making it the !j dispose of it ? There is no occasion for pro
special order for to-morrow week. I want no
snap judgment, to use the language of the Sen-
ator from Ohio ; and I am glad to hear him
say that he does not. I was a little afraid per-
haps that he did, from the fact that one evening
here, v/hen a cffuple of Senators were sick, he
insisted upon a vote just then, and said he had
a right to take advantage of their sickness. I
do not want any snap judgment on this ques-
tion.
Mr. WADE. I have no objection to having
the bill made the special order for to-morrow
week, with the understanding, however, that it
will be of course superseded at the will of
those having charge of the reconstruction mat-
ter. if that should then be under consideration.
I have no objection to naming that time, hop-
ing that the Senate will then be full, and if it
should not lie. I can move a postponement.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the .report of the
committee of fifteen should be the business
then before the Senate, of course it would
take precedence of a, special order, so that
there can be no difficulty upon that question.
Mr. WADE. Very well, then, I have no
objection to that. It is some time ahead, and
I hope we shall be ready then.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should like to have
a further understanding with the Senator from
Ohio. I shall go with him. if there is any con-
siderable portion of the friends of this bill
ceeding to the consideration of the fortification
bill now, and I trust therefore it will not be
pressed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the honorable Sen-
ator will take pains to inquire a little he will
perhaps come to the conclusion that it is hardly
worth while to press his bill this morning. I
made my motion, supposing.he would not do
so. If he would inquire of the Secretary of
the Treasury, who, I see is present, he would
not insist upon his motion now, I think.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not act here as the
agent of the Secretary of the Treasury ; I act
on my own responsibility.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will give a reason,
then, why the Senator's bill should not be taken
up. I had a resolution in my hand on Friday,
which I did not get a chance to offer, calling
for some information which I deemed it neces-
sary to have before that bill came up. On
presenting it to the Secretary of the Treasury
to see if I could get the information, he re-
marked to me that he was not quite ready to
afford it, and that he would not advise that
that bill be taken up until I could get the in-
formation which I required ; and on that sug-
gestion I supposed the bill would not be pressed
now. I should be unwilling to proceed with it
under these circumstances because I am not
prepared to do so.
With regard to the bill which I have called
absent at the time who cannot be here and that |i up, the fortification bill, I do not know that it
want to vote on it. to postpone it until they can !| is of great importance that it should be taken
up this morning instead of another day, ex-
cept that I desire, as I said before, to have it
out of my way, because there are other matters
to which I must afterwards give my attention,
and I do not like to be embarrassed with it.
It is a very short matter: and if the Senate
will allow it to come up it can be disposed of
in less than half an hour without the slightest
difficulty in the world. Then my object will
have been accomplished ; and if the Senator
from Ohio is disposed to ask the Senate to
shall want to pospone it, if it. shall be found '! take up his bill notwithstanding the fact that I
the time that there is any considerable num- j! am not ready, I suppose after he has stated
be here. If it is the will of this body that Col-
orado shall come in under the circumstances,
I want her to come in. I do not want to pass
any bill here because I find some Senators
absent, and I shall always vote to postpone a
measure until there can be a full hearing upon
it. Now, if it should so happen at the time
the measure is taken up that there should be
an absence on the other side of the Senate, I
shall want to postpone it, and I hope the Sen-
ator from Ohio will meet me in that sentiment,
I
at
ber of Senators who are opposed to the bill
absent, anil I want the same position to be
assumed by the Senator from Ohio, in that
event, that ho assumes in regard to an absence
on his side of the Senate. Then, sir, I modify
my motion so as to make the bill the order of
the day for to-morrow week, and then every-
body will know it if coming np.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Indiana moves to take up the bill
his views, I can secure a postponement if I
desire it. Although he represents a very im-
portant bill from the Committee on Finance,
I believe I have the honor of representing an
important bill from the Committee on Finance,
also, which has been before this body, reported,
and on the table for several weeks, while his
has been before the body not yet for a single
week, for it was reported, I believe, last Tues-
day—not a week ago.
Under the circumstances, I do not moan to
have any further controversy, either of an
" excited " or an uncxcitcd character, with t'je
honorable Senator from Ohio on that subject.
The question is for the Senate to decide. If
they decide that the Senator from Ohio shall
be allowed to take up his bill to the exclusion
of other business, and proceed with it under
the circumstances, very well. I am not more
interested in it than anybody else.
Mr. SHERMAN. I came here this morning
with the expectation that the Senator from
Maine would call up the joint resolution re-
ported from the committee of fifteen, which
has excited so much attention : and I have yet
heard no reason given why it has not been
called up. Perhaps a rea<oti was given when
I was not in my seat; but I see no reason
myself why that subject should not be proceeded
with, or if there is a reason, it should be stated
to the Senate. We must conduct our business
with some kind of order, and when notice is
given of a proposition to take up a particular
measure of great importance, we ought to know
the reason why it is not done.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will state to the Sen-
ator that I gave notice this morning why I could
not call up that report until Wednesday.
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not hear it. Then
I will state further to the Senate that I show
little feeling about this matter, chiefly from,
what occurred here on Thursday. I repre-
sented a bill which was reported from the Com-
mittee on Finance. I had no interest in it. It
was a bill prepared, at the Treasury Depart-
ment. and came to us in the ordinary course
of business, and was reported by the commit-
tee without the assent of the chairman. That
bill, standing before the Senate, has just as good
a right t,o be heard as if it had the assent of
the chairman of the committee: and yet, when
I endeavored to bring it up on Thursday, ho
treated it in a very discourteous and improper
manner. It was late in the day, and perhaps
he was fatigued, and I was not disposed to
hold the Senator to a very rigid account; but
when I read over the debate which occurred
in the Senate then, it seems to me now that he
must perceive that the whole of that debate on
j hi? part was discourteous, unkind, and unchar-
j itable to the committee of which he is a mom-
| ber. When a bill was reported from that com-
j mittee by me as representing a majority I
i considered that it had just the same right in
i the Senate precisely, and should receive the
: same consideration, as if it had obtained the
! consent of the chairman, and that it was not
i necessary to have his consent in order to have
j it reported. But he announced when the bill
! was reported, much to my surprise, that he
! would not only vote against it and oppose it,
| as he had a perfect right to do, but that he
j would not allow it to be taken up if he could
i help it. or words to that effect. When I cn-
i deavored to get it up on Thursday he showed
| a great deal of feeling against it.
i I know the Senate will bear me witness that
! in onr relations to each other, and in regard
! to the business of (he Senate. I have generally
j deferred to the wishes of the chairman of the
I Finance Committee; but when he endeavors
I to set up his opinion and his wish against tho
1 order of business reported from tho Commit-
I tee on Finance, I think he ought to give to the
■ decision of the committee the same con-idera-
| tion that the members of the committee usually
| give to his motions when he makes them. For
! this reason on Thursday, for the first time. I
| believe, I resisted the taking up of a bill
reported by him; and 1 did it only because I
understood his purpose to be to oppose the bill
I repoited by direction of the committee: an
unreasonable opposition, an opposition that
was extraordinary in its character, and urged
with a good deal of heat. Now, the Senator
states a reason fordesiringtiehiv. If'hehad com-
municated it to me I would not have antagonized
with his bill. lie now -lutes that lie desires
information from the Treasury Department.
If h'e really desires that information --and. as
a matter of course, what he says is conclusive
