1886.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
691
the Stato unless the State constitution pro-
vides for the act; and old Virginia having
no such provision in her constitution, her
consent to the transfer of these counties was
void.
The committee refer to the case of Kentucky
and "Virginia, decided in the Supreme Court of
the United States. And I am going to read
that part of the case to which they rel'er. They
refer to 1ho case for the purpose of showing
that because there was a provision in the con-
stitution of West Virginia, that other territory
might, be added to that State with the consent
of her Legislature. Therefore, when Congress
admitted West Virginia into the Union as a
Stale, it admitted her with the right to add ter-
ritory to the State as she pleased without any
further action by Congress at all. The com-
mittee proceed upon the assumption, in their
report, that because there is a provision in the
organic law of West Virginia that new terri-
tory may be added to it afterward by act of its
Legislature, that gives West Virginia the right,
and the iinlimitc1 right—because if you admit
the principle at all, you must admit it as an
unlimited right—to add all the territory she
may see fit to add. And she may take in the
whole of old Virginia ; she may lake in all the
State of Maryland; she may take in all of Ohio
and Pennsylvania, and so 011 until she has ab-
sorbed the whole Union in one conglomerated
mass of sovereign power and jurisdiction with-
out the consent of Congress, by annexing it to
the State of Wesi, Virginia. If the theory and
construction of the organic law of West Vir-
ginia is correct as given by the committee, if
yon admit the doctiine that because the con-
stitution of West Virginia contains a clause
giving the right to add new territory, she may
annex these two counties without the consent
of Congress, then you must go the whole length
of allowing her to add all the territory of the
United States if she sees fit, without the con-
sent of Congress: and thereby destroy the
whole unity of the States of this Government,
and consolidate them under the name of the
State of West Virginia. No lawyer will pre-
tend that is so. It does not require a lawyer
to see the absolute absurdity of any such theory
as that upon which the hypothesis set forth in
this report of the committee is based. That
clause in the organic law of We.st Virginia sim-
ply authorized the Legislature to do what it
could not do without it.
Allow me to read fiom Wheaton's Reports,
volume eighth, in regard to the separation of
Kentucky from Virginia, from the decision of
the Supreme Court of the United States :
"The fir-t oMcction it founded upon the allegation
that the compact was made without the consent of
Conjrre^. conl raiy to the tenth seen on of th e tirr-t :ir-
tiele, win' h deolaie?. that ' no State fhail, without the
consent ol Coiiutc^s, enter into any agreement or com-
pact with another State, or with a ioj cign Power.'
Let it be observed, in the first place, that the Con.-ri-
tution'makesno provision respectmp.'thcmodcoriorm
in which the consent ol Consie.-s is to be sicn-tied,
very properly lea,\ ius that matter to the wi>dom of
that body, to be decided upon according to the ordi-
nary 1 ulcs of law and of rurhf reahon. _ The only Ques-
tion m eases which involve that point is ha.- Congress,
by some positive act, in relation to such agreement,
signified the consent ol tliut bodv 1e> us validity ? Now,
how stands the pre.-ent ra-eV The compact was^cn-
tcied into between Virginia and the people of Ken-
tucky upon the express condition that the (leneial
Government i-hould, piiorto 11 ^certain day, absent to
the erection of the di~t ric t of Kent ucky into an inde-
pendent State. and a.uree thai the proposed State
should immediately alter a certain dav, or at .-ome
eonvenn nt time future theieto, be admitted into the
Federal bmon. On thcJ-Sth of July, lTi-U, the conven-
tion of thatdi;4ric? assembled under the pnn i-uons of
theliiwut Virginia. and'lee hired Hsa-^ent to the terms
and condition-. prescribed bv the proposed compact;
and t hat the same wa,- accepted as 0 solemn compact,
and that the taid d^trict should become a separate
State un the 1-t of June, IT.'l. These resolutions, ac-
companied by a menioinil fiom the convention, being
communicated by tin- Pre.-ident of the United States
to Couere.-s, a icport wa- made by a committee to
whom the subject was ret erred, -el tin? forth the agree-
ment of Virginia that Kentucky should i>e erected into
a State, upon certain terms and conditions, and the
aeccpt-ui1' 0 bv Kcntackv upon the term? aud condi-
tion- m. pre-'cnbed ; and on the 4th of February, 17'Jl,
Com; re-. pa--ed an act whx h, aPcr rc^'eniuji to ihe
eoipp," ;, ,,n I the an epi :ur e of' t. b K'-'i1 ucky, <Ie-
el"ri's the --on-eut of t h\t body t o 1 he <. re. too' <-f the
sauidi-ovr iiito a -ep:<iate and 1 i«* sf Jnate,
upon a certain day, :md receiving her into the I mom '
Here is what the court say:
" Now, itis perfectly clear that, although Congress
might haverefused their consent to the proposed sep-
aration —
Now, markfhe theory of the honorable gen-
tleman from Vermont, [Air. Woodbuidge.] He
asks me whether this contract was not cQm-
plete_between these two States without the rat-
ification of Congress, and whether the grant
has not been carried into effect, so that it can-
not be recalled by the party that gave the grant.
Now, I affirm that it can be recalled ; it is not
complete, because Congress may refuse its as-
sent to the admission of any State ; and if Con-
gress can refuse its assent, can a compact, an
agreement or a grant between parties, depend-
ing upon that assent, be completely and defi-
nitely faliilled until that assent is given by the
third party, who is to enter into the agreement
as one of the parties?
Mr. WOODBR1DGE. I will ask my friend
from New Jersey whether the contracting par-
ties, West Virginia and old Virginia," as he
calls it, the one making the grant and the other
receiving it, had not done ail that they could
do befoie the repeal of this giant, by the Legis-
lature of the so-called present State of Virginia.
I think that all the gentleman's law could be
answered, even though "old Virginia' * wore so
far in the Union as a State as to make her or-
dinances valid at the time when she passed the
recent act of repeal. But so far from that, I
believe that any act that she might pass would
have no control over the' act s parsed by a State
which was at the lime of the passage of the act
recognized by the General Government as be-
ing a State in the Union ; lbrwhen the last act
was passed, although as a State she was not in
the sense that some contend out of the Union,
yet she was in such a condition that ^he had not
the power to pass ordinances and laws of any
binding force either upon Congress or the coun-
try.
I will say in addition, that the Legislature
which passed the recentaetof repeal wa< organ-
ized without taking the oath of oilice which has
been prescribed by Congress or by its own con-
stitution.
Mr. ROGERS. The present Legislature was
organized undei Governor Reirpoint nnd is now
recognized as the Legislature of the State of
Virginia dejure, by the President and other offi-
cers of the .Federal Government, and she holds
her powers to legislate now under and by the
same authority she; did when she passed the act
giving her consent to the Iransler. and by viitue
ofthat same power she has withdrawn her con-
sent and repealed her former law.
r ask the gentleman this question: suppose
that we had had 110war ; that wt had continued
in peace and prosperity, and that old Virginia
3iad passed an act of her Legislature to transfer
a portion of herterrilory to A\ est \ irgiuia : that
Wot Virginia had made a constitution similar
to this, aud that before Congress had gi\eu its
consent old Virginia had withdrawn her con-
sent from that proposed compact or agreement,
would she not have had a right to do so at any
time before Congress ratified that contract?
Mr. WOODBiliLXrE. 1 will state, then,
Mr. Speaker, as a matter of law. that if there
were in this grant conditiom-pieci dent 10 be
perfoimedb\ the other pany beloiu the grunt
should become operative, then, if the condi-
tions-] >rceedent were not pc rhiri„ied, the u'runt
might fall. Rut 1 contend that the ratification
by Congress is not a condition-precedent, and
that Mich ratification sub-equont 10 the lull
acceptance of the giant by the contracting par-
ties is all that is necessary.
Mr. ROGERS. I -will ask the gentleman
one question. Could the grant be complete,
and would a State have a right to take po>*< s-
sion of the territory of another State, by Vrtue
of acts of the Legislature^, before Congress had
given its consent, and would the acds of that
State1 over territory of the other State be legal
without the consent of Congress?
Mr. WOODiiRHK! E. J can only answer
the genth man by retorting to ^hat 1 have al-
ready said.
Mr. BOGERS. Now, sir, let roe proceed
with the decision I attempted to read. The
court decides, and it is the Supreme Court of
the United States, as follows; 4
" Now, it is perfectly cleai, that although Congress
miffhl have refused their consent to the proposed
separation, yet they had no authority to declare Ken-
tucky a separate and independent State, without the
a-^cnt of Virginia, or upon terms variant from those
which Virginia had prescribed."
I ask what authority the Congress of the
United States has this day to declare these two
counties a part of the State of West Virginia
without the consent, of old Virginia. There is
the point, the very point which is raised in this
case, which the learned gentleman who made
this report has referred to as sustaining his re-
port. What right, 1 ask, has the Congress of the
United States to ratify an act upon the part of
West Virginia and old Virginia, which has been
revoked upon the part of old Virginia, who has
expressly withdrawn her consent before Con-
gress has had an opportunity to express its
assent.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time has
expired.
Mr. ROGERS. I hope the ^gentleman will
not cut me off here.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. How much
time docs the gentleman ask?
Mr. .ROGERS. Half an hour more.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I do not object
if it does not come out of my time.
Mr. ROGERS. Of course not.
Mr. HALE. I hope that the time of the
gentleman from New Jersey will bo extended
half an hour, and that it will not be taken out
of the time of the gentleman from Ohio.
There was 110 objection and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. ROGERS. Let me conclude reading the
extract which I had commenced. It is the case
of Green ex. Riddle:
"Now, it i-1 perfectly clear, that although Congress
murhUiave ] eluded their consent to the proposed sep-
aration, yet they hod no authoiity to declaie Kcn-
tutky 0 separate and independent Stat e, without the
as-cnt of Vii ginia, or upon terms,variant from those
whuh Virginia ha 1 prescribed. But Congress after
ie< ogni/in^ the condiuoiio upon which alone Virginia
agreed to tiie .-epnrats'm, expressed by a solemn act
the consent of that body to the separation. The terms
and conditions, then, on which alone the separation
could take place, or the uct of Congress become a
valid one, were nece^arilv assented to,not byamero
tacit a< (jiue-cenco, but by an express declaration of
the legislative- mind, resulting from the mamiest eon-
«lj action of'the act itself. To den v this is to denvthe
validity ol the act of C'onirress, without which Ken-
tucky could not hav e become an independent State;
and then it would follow that ^he K at this moment
a part of tlv State of Virginia, and all her laws are
act - of uMirpat ion.''
1 want gentlemen to mark that.
The court further say:
*' The counsel who urged this argument would not,
we are pcixiuded, eon-cnt to this conclusion; and
jet it would ^eem to be inevitable, if the premises
insisted upon be true.
This decision shows that, until Congress gives
its consent to the transfer of one part of a State
to another, all the ac s of the other over the
new territory are usurpations, ft has 110 right
or power then until Congress has given its
consent to that exercise of power.
Rut, sir, the Congress of the United States
never gave its consent to the admission of West
Virginia upon any iheory that the counties of
Berkeley and Jefferson weie to form a pari of
the ne w Slate. 1 have the act of Congress for
theadmi^Ioii of the State of West Virginia into
the Union, which, whether purposely or other-
wise, has "been omitted from the report of the
committee. It provides as follows:
"Yfhcioas the p^oplc^ inhabiting that portion of
Vir," ima In• own a^ Wc-t Virginia did, bv a convention
a-^embled m the city of Wheeling on the -'Gth ol No-
vember, ISol. frame for themselves a coi.-tituuon,
with a view of becominc a separate and independent
State: and whereas at a Lencral election held in the
u<untu- e<>mpo-h>ur the teni'ory afoic^ald <>,i the 3d
da\ ol Man h La-t the >,iu\ con; titutum was approved
and adopted by the cpinhiiei} voter- of the proposed
State: and whereat the Lecu-laturc of \ trginia. by
?n act pa^-c\l on the LUh dav «>f Mav, did a*ivo
iisc.nT-em to 1 h^ iemiati'-n el'.! re-v. Slate within the
icVs-d of rhe -u'd ^ : 1:" t.i Virginia, to be known
by ihe name ot "\\ c-t Viriinia. and to embraco the
follnw hi4-named ^.ouutie V
The ;;ct ihuu ucakuutes the forty-eight oouu-
