1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2*75
39th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Koontz vs. Coffroth—Mr. Koontz.
Ho. of Reps.
each company. They also refuse to count, the
vote cast for me at Cuyler hospital; not be-
cause it was an illegal vote, for the voter,
Henry Rupp, on page CO, Miscellaneous Doc-
ument No. 117, swears that he voted for me,
and that he was a qualified voter at the time;
but because I failed to insert the name of this
witness in the notice for taking testimony.
With these exceptions, the committee have
recommended in their report that the votes
contained in the foregoing returns should be
counted, the legality of the votes having been
fully established by the evidence.
By the act of 31st of January, 1801, (Smith's
Laws, volume three, page 449,) the townships
of Hamilton Ban and Liberty, in Adams county,
are created into an election district. A certi-
fied copy of the return of this election, on page
113, Miscellaneous Document No. 117, shows
that I had 105 votes, while the testimony of
Wolf, on page 212, shows that said return was
only counted 163. I am therefore clearly enti-
tled to these 2 votes.
The illegal votes that I object to as having
been cast for the sitting member were those of
thirty-three paupers taken out of the poor-houses
of the counties of Adams and Bedford. As it
docs not appear in the testimony that the votes
of the seventeen Bedford county paupers were
included in the official count, although it is
clearly proven that they voted for the sitting
member, and as it is not shown that the six-
teen paupers in Adams county who voted for
him were not residents of Cumberland town-
ship, wherein the poor-house is located, and
further, as the question of the right of paupers
to vote under the laws of Pennsylvaniahas never
been adjudicated by the courts of the State, the
committee have refused to deduct these votes
from the sitting member. Although upon this
point I yield to the superior judgment of the
committee, I cannot but express my firm con-
viction that under the laws of Pennsylvania a
pauper in the common poor-house of a county is
not entitled to the right of suffrage. By the con-
stitution of Pennsylvania this right is restricted
to white freemen over the age of twenty-one
years, and when over twenty-two years of age
the voter must have paid a State or county tax
within two years. The foundation of this tax
is an assessment upon the real or personal
estate of the voter, or his occupation, or upon
single freemen above the age of twenty-one
years. A pauper cannot be the subject of tax-
ation, because the moment he is sent to the
poor-house his property is by law placed under
the control of the directors of the poor; he
cannot sue for and recover it, and is in the same
position, in the eye of the law, as infants, luna-
tics, &c. His "occupation is gone" the mo-
ment he enters it, for he there becomes liable
to do such duty as the steward may direct, nor
has he the right of locomotion ; he cannot come
and go whithersoever he pleases, but his per-
son is under the control of the overseer, and he
therefore does not possess the essential ele-
ments necessary to constitute a freeman as in-
tended by the legislative clanse making single
freemen the subjects of taxation, or within the
meaning of the constitution restricting the right
of suffrage to white freemen. The danger of
allowing them the right to vote is shown in this
case. In both the counties the stewards were
active partisans, looking after the assessment
and payment of taxes, and taking the paupers
to the polls, and in one county it is proven that
the steward offered to treat all who would vote
the Democratic ticket, and as an inducement
to one of the paupers to vote that ticket offered
to buy him an article of clothing. It must be
perfectly plain that under such circumstances a
pauper cannot cast a free ballot because, did he
attempt to contravene the wishes of the steward,
he would not be permitted to go to the polls.
The refusal of the committee to deduct these
votes from the sitting member does not, how-
ever, change the result, and under such circum-
stances it could not be asked of the committee
to decide an immaterial point which has never
been adjudicated by the courts of the State.
Without deducting these votes from the sitting
member I have still a majority of 71 votes over
his majority in the official canvass, having
shown to the satisfaction of the committee that
in the uncounted returns I had a majority of
159 votes.
And what is the answer made by the sitting
member to my case, which is so clearly estab-
lished by the testimony? The points raised by
him in 'his answer and argument may be classi-
fied as follows:
1. Alleged illegal votesreceived and counted
for me by the board of election officers in some
of the election precincts in the district.
2. Alleged illegal military returns said to
have been received and counted for me by the
boards of return judges, of the different coun-
ties.
3. .That certain legal voters were restrained
from going to the polls in certain districts in
Bedford county through fear of arrest by the
military, they being deserters, and that as they
desired to vote and would have voted for the
sitting member, had they gone to the polls,
their votes should now be counted for him.
To sustain the first proposition the testimony
of several witnesses was taken in all of the
counties of the district except Fulton. It does
not appear from the testimony that the votes
assailed by the sitting member were included
in the official canvass. Before any votes can
be deducted from me he must first show that
the votes were illegal, and second, that they
were counted for me. In every instance he
has failed to make the necessary proof that
they were counted, attempting by illegal pa-
pers, wholly unauthorized by law, to establish
these facts. But as this question has been
so fully discussed by the committee in their
report, and settled in accordance with the pre-
vious rulings of the committee upon like ques-
tions, 1 will not dwell upon it.
I now propose to take his testimony, and,
assuming for the sake of the argument that
the votes assailed by him were included in the
official canvass, show that even if it were con-
sidered and all the weight given it that" could
be given by anyimpartial tribunal, it capnot
change the result in this case. 1 will consider,
first, the votes assailed by parol proof; second,
the returns that he would have rejected; and
third, the votes that he demands should bo
counted for him; and will take them just in the
order in which he presents them in his brief
prepared for the use of the committee. The
alleged illegal votes in Somerset county are
the following:
1. Charles B. Ellsworth, company F, ono hundred
and ninety-eighth regiment.
2. George C. Chrestner, company F, forty-fifthregi-
ment.
3. Lewis Andrews voted in Jcnuer township.
4. John S. Ellis voted, fifty-fourth regiment. Cedar
creek, Virginia.
5. John H. Lloyd, company F, one hundred and
thirty-eighth regiment.
6. Paul Hoffman, in Greenville township.
7. John Miers voted at Clarysvillc hospital.
8. William H. Owen, Mower hospital.
9. Edward Halsapple, York hospital.
10. Samuel Hummel, company 35, fifty-fourth regi-
11. I fir am I. Sanner, Chester hospital.
12. William II. Sauner, Chester hospital.
13. William C. Kelley, Chester hospital.
14. I. Albright, Mower hospital. . .
15. ChristianDietz, Alexandria( Virginia)hospital.
16. Daniel I. Miller, Campbell hospital.
17. Edward Ling, company F, one hundred and
thirty-eighth regiment. ,
18. George Hudcnfolior, company I), ono hundred
and thirty-eighth regiment.
19. Charles It. Walker, Mount Pleasant hospital.
20. Philip Glepner, Haddington hospital.
21. Henrv Ware, Cuyler hospital.
22. A. J. Parker, Mount Pleasant hospital.
It is not proven for whom two of the parties
above named voted, camelf, Andrews and
Hoffman, so that no deduction can be made
for their votes unless it be from the sitting
member, who proves them illegal, but fails to
prove they were cast for me. Chrestner's vote
is assailed, because it is alleged that he is a
mulatto, and not entitled to vote. I do not
believe the proof is sufficient to show that the
person who voted in the Army is the same per-
son that is alluded to by the witnesses in theif
testimony, but if it is, then possibly under the
testimony the committee would have been
warranted, had the proof been made that this
vote went into the official count, in deducting
it from me. Lloyd swears that he voted for
Mr. Coffroth, although the return gives me all
the votes cast at that poll, his among the num-
ber. In this case it is the oath of one man
against the oaths of five sworn officers, and as
the preponderance of testimony is in favor of
the return, and as it has been so long since the
election took place that he may be mistaken,
this vote should not be deducted from me. The
votes of Ellsworth, Miers, and Owen are as-
sailed, because it is alleged that they were non-
residents of the districts where their votes were
returned, all having voted in the Army. It
is proven that when Ellsworth went into the
Army, his family moved into Shade township,
on the 1st of September, 1864, and remained
there until in the spring of 1865. They were
living there more than ten days before the elec-
tion, which took place on the second Tuesday
in October, 1864, eleventh day; and as " resi-
dence is a question of intention," to quote the
authority cited from 3 P. L. J., page 310, Mc-
Daniel's case, by the sitting member in his
brief, Ellsworth evidently considered Shade
township (as it actually was by the residence
of his family there) his residence, and he was
clearly entitled to vote as a resident of that
township ; otherwise he would have been de-
prived of his vote altogether. Miers is returned
as a voter of Salisbury borough, while one of
the witnesses swears that no man of that name
has lived in the borough for thirteen years past.
It is proven that Miers did live in Elkliek town-
ship before lie went into the Army, that Sal-
isbury borough was a part of said township
until within a few years, and always was, and
now is, the place of voting for Elkliek town-
ship. Therefore, how natural would it be for
him to say, when interrogated by the officers
of elections as to his place of voting at home,
that it was Salisbury borough. One of the
witnesses swears that no man by the name of
Owen lived in his township for the last five
years, "that ho knows of; thinks he would
have known it." This testimony, however, is
too uncertain to overcome the legal presump-
tion that the proper proof was made by the
voter before the election officers, of residence,
payment of taxes, &c. The other votes con-
tained in the above list are assailed by reason
of alleged non-assessment and non-payment
of tax. It is proven, however, (see page 11-0,)
that the taxes of three of said persons, namely,
Kelley, Ware, and Parker, were paid, and the
witness thinks Ellis also.
But let me examine the kind of testimony by
which it is attempted tosliowlhe non-payment
of tax by these parties. A list of names is put
in evidence (see paper marked A, on page
148) containing the names of these persons
and their townships, and the clerk to the board
of county commissioners is called as a witness,
and he swears that he has examined the as-
sessments on file in the commissioner's office
for the years 1862, 1863, 1864, and that their
names do not appear upon them. I deny that
this is legal evidence, because it is not com-
petent lo prove the contents of a record by
parol testimony. The record must speak for
itself as to what it does or does not contain,
and certified copies should have been produced
for the inspection of the committee. But even
if it were legal evidence it proves nothing, be-
cause all of these parties may have been legal
voters, and their names not appear upon the
assessments. There are three classes of voters
whose names would not appear upon these
books of assessment: first, voters on age; sec-
ond, persons who voted upon the payment of
a State or county tax elsewhere in the State
