1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1755
any southern State had gone or would now go;
and her action has been by a majority. If the
Senate will pardon me, I will'read a letter from
a distinguished citizen of Georgia in reply to
an inquiry addressed to him by me on this sub-
ject. I endeavored to ascertain whether, if the
thing were put to them for their voluntary ac-
tion, there was any possibility of their coming
up to the ideas of justice and right so deeply
ingrafted in the hearts of the loyal North; and
in response to that inquiry I have received a
letter which I will read.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
•of yesterday, which is the bill (S. No. 163) to
reorganize the judiciary of the United States.
Mr. STEWA11T. Will the Senate give me
about five or ten minutes more? f"Yes."
'•Go on."]
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection io
that j but it was my intention to call up the
veto message to-day at one o'clock.
Mr. STEWART. I only want a few min-
utes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore* The Sen-
ator from Xcvada, may procoed by the common
consent of the Senate.
Jlr. STEWART. The letter to which I refer
is as follows:
"Washington, D. C., April 4,1866.
Dear Sir: In answer to your inquiries touching
the* sentiments and feelings oi tho people of Ucoigia
low Hid the ficedmen, and the lesal statu? of thus class
of population in i ho Shite. Arc., allow me briefly to say
thai the address delivered by meonthc2:Mof Febru-
ary lastbotore the Legislature (a,copy of which 1 here-.
with hand you )exprcsse  very fully and el early my own
opinions a nd Icchnssupou the subjects ofyour inquiry.
This addi e.-s was written and punted as j on now seo
it.boloro its delivery. It \v;b delivcied wibntim as
you now read it, that there mi«?htbeno mistake about
it. It was as it now stands uuanimously indorsed by
the ibenate m a joint resolution which was concurred
in in tin; House without dissent, and was ordered to
bo spread upon the Journals of both Houses. This I
reh-r you to as a better and more reliable index of
the feelings and views of the people of the Slate on
tin-, subject than any bai c individual opinion I might,
entertain or express. The Legislature of the State,
it isto bo presumed,i? ascorreet an exponent of tho
Koicial feelings and views of the State upon any po-
litic 1 question as any that can bo obtained from any
quarter. In addition to this, tho Legislature Mibsc-
queiiuy evinced their principles by their woiks in
pav :n? an act which 1 also inclose to you. This act
speaks lor itself. It is ^hort, concise, pointed, as well
as comprehensive. ir secures to the colored race the
nuhi io contract and to eniorec contracts, the right
to -U',> and to be Mied, t lie ri?ht to tc^ifym the courts
pni.-vfl to tho same ) uh-s that govern the testimony
ot white-, aud it subjects them to the same punish-
ments tor all often-o^. as ihc white". In these rcpeets,
cmbvucin'-r all essential civil rights all elates m Geor-
gia now stand equal before thelaw. There isno dis-
crimination in these paiticulars on account of race
or color.
Please excuse this hasty note. I have no time to
go more in detail.
Yourd, most respectfully.
ALEXANDER II. STEPHENS.
Hon. William M. Stewart, UnitedStates Senate.
I beg leave to read the law of Georgia, sent
to me by Mr. Stephens, r did not know of its
existence until 1 his morning. I regard it as
nn indication that if we put tip the riirht stand-
ard there is a chance to get men North and
Soi?ih to walk up to it. This is the law of
Gcoiffia:
[No. 90.]
An act to define tho term "persons of color,'' and to
dee) are the rights ot such peicons.
Sec. 1. lif it c/incted, d'e., That all negroes, mulnt-
too?, mestizoes, and their dr-eendants having one
eighth negio or African blood in their veins, shall
be known m this State as "persons of color.*'
Skc. 2. Be it further cnactcd, That persons of color
shall have the right to make and enforce contracts,
to sue, bo sued, to be parties and give evidence, to
inherit, to purekni-o, and to have full and equal ben-
efit of all laws and proceedings for the security of
person and estate, and shall not be subjected to any
other or difierent punishment, pain, or penalty, for
the commission of any act or offense, than meh as
are prescribed for white persons committing like acts
or offenses.
The third section repeals all conflicting laws.
Mr. WADE. When was that passed?
Mr. STEWART. On the 17th day of March,
IS!iO. When the Empire State of the South is
willing to go thus far—itis quite as far asyour
civil rights bill here goes; it contains the same
provisions as your civil rights bill—when by the
voluntary action of her Legislature Georgia
thus provides,-is it not all-important that we
shall agree on a plan and present it to the South
before we do anything else? The civil rights
bill may be all very well, but it does not reach
tho real evil All must realize the fact that the
civil rights bill does not reach the real and sub-
stantial evil. Wo all know very well how such
laws operate in States hostile to their principles.
You recollect the fugitive slave law to which
the North was hostile; you recollect that it was
entirely inoperative there. So in the South any
law to which the people there are hostile must
be enforced by the sword or not enforced at all.
Every man knows that. If we can do nothing
else; if it is impossible to restore this Union
without enforcing tliese laws by the sword, so
as to redeem our pledges and protect loyal
men, then it is the duty of this nation to use
the sword; bat if there is another course, if by
putting the question to the South and asking
them if they will adopt our proposition and
grant these people their political and civil rights
wo can secure the result, that course should
first be tried; let force come only when-that
fails. First submit, the question, particularly
when you see the Empire State of the South
marching so near the point we are desirous to
attain. How would a voluntary proposition of
this kind operate upon the South? In the first
place there would be parties there. The party
who would contend for the political and civil
rights of the negro would be separated from
the other, and as soon as that party came into
power and got a majority it would be reenforced
by the loyal blacks, who would be allowed to
vote under the restrictions they might adopt.
Thus it would be strong; but if you impose
negro suffrage by force against all the South,
and allow no effort on (heir own part, you make
them ali enemies, you bring 011 conflicts which
humane men must seek to avoid.
Then i say that it is important that we should
act immediately upon this question: your other
bills may follow, your civil rights bill and every-
thing else may follow. The grand thing is to
commence, so that action may be inaugurated
at once. Your candidates in tho North are
working in the dark ; they do not know the
plan that Congress is going to adopt. They
are struggling in the dark. I say the whole
country is in confusion over what will be the
platform of Congress. Any man that goes
from here to talk to the people must promise
a platform; and why promise? Why not per-
form at once ?
There is another consideration that, if we
would do anything for tho freedmen, makes a
proposition of this kind a paramount necessity.
A proclamation of the President appeared in
the papers yesterday which declared that peace
was restored throughout the South, except iu
Texas. That, I suppose, restores the writ of
habeas corjms. That, f suppose, renders the
exercise of force, if not impossible, rather im-
practicable, under the present condition of
things. But this proclamation does not do
some things; it does not repeal the test oath;
it docs not remove disabilities; and we have
something loft yet to oiler for justice. If this
offer bo made, and the South do not aeeept it,
and injustice be subsequently done, the loyal
masses of the North will then see to it that
justice is done. They demand justice; but
they demand of us, wlnle we pass laws, to make
propositions which shall secure justice; and I
believe that this matter is of so much impor-
tance, to be disposed of at once, that the whole
attention of Congress should be directed to it;
because, 1 tell you frankly, that if no plan is
presented by Congress we shall have anarchy,
or we shall have to adopt the plan of the Pres-
ident. We shall have to choose between his
plan and anarchy. That will be the position
in which the people will be placed in less than
three months, unless we say upon what terms
the southern States shall resume their foimer
relations to the Union. The question will be
put to the loyal men, will you have anarchy
and bloodshed yourselves, or will you allow the
negro to be sacrificed, an#breakyour pledges ?
How that question, if it comes in that form,
will be ultimately decided, an all-wise Provi-
dence only knows.
I appeal to the Senate to take tip this prop-
osition, to put it in some form, and to pass it.
Let us send it to the country, and stand upon
some foundation. If I have not embodied
enough of the particular views of different gen-
tlemen in it, let me hear their vievys. Let us
agree upon anything on which we can compro-
mise. The views of the resolution were no
original views expressed by me, but they were
taken from yourselves; they were taken from,
the Senate; they were taken from the country,
and incorporated in this resolution; and I ask
of you to make it the special order, and give it
your special attention. On that motion I call
for the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Tho motion
before the Senate is that the committee of fif-
teen be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the joint resolution alluded to by the
Senator from Nevada.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Tt was understood that
we -would to-day proceed to the consideration
of the veto message of the President of the
United States, and in pursuance of that under-
standing I move that the present and all prior
orders be postponed, and that tho Senate now
proceed to the reconsideration of the bill re-
turned by tlie President with his objections.
Mr. STEWART. Cannot I get a vote on
my motion? t
Several Senators. Not yet.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I supposed there might
be objection  
Mr. STEWART. I think it is important to
have a vote. I want a vote.
Mr. JOHNSON". You cannot get a vote
to-day.
Mr. STE WART. A vote on the question
of discharging the committee?
Mr. JOHNSON, Before tho vote is taken
I desire to say a word or two, and that will take
up tho time of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Under these circum-
stances the Senator from Nevada will not per-
sist, I presume.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Illi-
nois.
Mr. STEWAUT. I shall press a vote to-
morrow morning on my motion.
Tho motion of Mr. Trumbull was agreed to.
CIVIL BIGHTS VETO MESSAGE.
The Senate proceeded to reconsider the bill
(S. No. 01) to protect all persons in the United
States in their civil rights and furnish the means
of their vindication, returned by the President
of the United Slates with his objections.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This bill
having been returned with the objections of tho
President of the Dnited States, the bill is now
to be reconsidered; and the question is, Shall
the bill pass, the objections of the President
notwithstanding ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I fully
share with the President of the United States
the regret expressed that lie was unable to
sign the bill "to protect all persons in the
United States in their civil rights, and secure
the means of their vindication." I regret it
on my own account, because the just expec-
tations raised when this bill was presented to
the President before its introduction into the
Senate have been disappointed, I regret it on
the President's account, because itis calculated
to alienate him from those who elevated him to
power, and would gladly have rallied around
his Administration to sustain him in the prin-
ciples upon which he was elected. But above
all, sir, I regret it for liberty's sake, to secure
which to ourselves and our posterity this Gov-
ernment was founded. Yet,'if the bill is un-
constitutional or unjust to the whole people, I
would not have had the President approve it.
That its provisions are not unjust to the whole
or any portion of the people, nor unconsti-
