1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3677
for his fuel. On the Platte wood costs over I
$100 a cord. Is it not proper, when an officer j
is sent there and compelled to have fuel, that j
the Government should commute to him the ,
co.st of it or furnish him fuel in kind? |
Mr. WILSON'. The Senator from Illinois
thinks it is a very difficult thing under the
present law to ascertain what an officer re-
ceives ; and he is very anxious about what a
lieutenant colonel of cavalry receives; he thinks
he must receive more than a lieutenant colonel
of infantry. That is so; he receives seventeen
dollars a month more, and twelve times seven-
teen would be the additional amount he would
receive in a year, just about two hundred dol-
lars. A lieutenant colonel of cavalry would
receive a little over $2,600 a year, if he was
paid nothing for traveling. If he was on duty
where he did not travel any, and where the
Government furnished him in kind fuel and
quarters, he would receive between twenty-six
and twenty-seven hundred dollars a year. Now,
what is the House bill to which allusion is
made? Its object is to get rid of the present
system; and what does it inaugurate? The
Secretary of War may give these officers quar-
ters. What will be the interpretation of that
here in this city? Where officers entitled to
quarters are stationed here the amount they
receive will not pay their rent and does not
average it in this city. It is so in New York ;
it is in Philadelphia; it is so all through the
country. By the House bill the Secretary of
War can allow quarters to all the officers of
the Army, and can say to this man, "You are
allowed so much for quarters here in the city
of Washington." He does not get fuel, but it
is provided that fuel may be bought and other
things necessary may be bought without in-
cluding the cost of transportation at different
parts of the country. In fact the new system
that was to make everything so very plain has
to resort to the same expedients, and must do
it, or the grossest inequalities will be made.
Now an officer for every five years he has been
in the service receives one additional ration,
8103 a year. If he has been in forty years he
receives S896 increased pay on account of this
service ration. What does the new House bill
do? It gives him ten per cent, on his pay
every five years, and a colonel receiving $3,000
a year would, when he had been in service forty
years, have $2,400 added to his compensation
annually, while under the present system he
would have about nine hundred dollars. Here
is an increase of about fifteen hundred dollars
to the old officers, while it cuts down the cap-
tains and lieutenants and the inferior officers
of the Army. Under that bill some colonels
in the service would receive about two thou-
sand dollars a year more than others.
So it will be perceived that the system adopted
in the House bill has its inequalities. You can-
not devise any plan that has not. I believe
that the present system has grown up in this
country founded upon reason, that it is adapted
to our large country and our varied service,
that it is in itself plain and simple, that it is a
better system than any we are likely to devise.
Still the House bill is before our committee;
we shall report it in a few days, and I think
we shall propose to put it off until December
next, and between now and then wo can think
over it and consider it. However, wo have
been led off from the consideration of the bill
before the Senate. I hope we shall get a vote
upon it as speedily as possible, as 1" am very
anxious to dispose of it to-day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The complaint which I
made was not that the House bill fixed the
rates at less than they now are, or at more.
It was the certainty which I thought it desir-
able to obtain ; that is the thing we do not
have; and for the life of me, notwithstanding
what the Senator from Massachusetts has said,
I do not see why we cannot pay Army officers
just as we pay other officers of the Govern-
ment. Wc pay the judges of our courts a cer-
tain salary; we know how much money to
appropriate in advance to pay them. So we
know how much money to appropriate in ad-
vance to pay postmasters, the officers connected
with the Treasury Department, all the other
officers of the Government; and I think we
might fix a certain sum for the officers of the
Army. If the House of Representatives has
sent us a bill full of inequalities, nobody is
better qualified to correct those inequalities
than the Senator from Massachusetts ; he can
perfect that bill, and let us have some bill which
will tell the country and tell all of us when we
read it what the pay of an Army officer is.
That is what we do not know; and with all
the information we have been able to obtain
now we do not know, because it depends at last
upon the character of the service which the
officer performs, as we are told by the Senator
from Oregon. In other words, the Senator
say to us " If you will tell us what an officer
is to do next year we will tell you exactly how
much he is to be paid next year;" that is to
say, if we tell them how much he is paid they
will tell us how much he ought to be paid.
Is it not possible to fix the pay of an Army
officer for a year in advance at a certain sum,
and let him discharge the duties of the office,
whatever they may be?
Mr. NESMITH. If the Senator from Illi-
nois will permit me I wish to put a question to
him. Suppose that two colonels were in Wash-
ington city to-day, one of them ordered to
remain here on duty for twelve months, an-
other ordered to travel perhaps twenty-five
thousand miles within the twelve months,
would it be fair or just that the same sal-
ary should be established for the two men
discharging those two particular duties, with-
out rcfcrence to travel?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Which would get the
largest salary as it now stands?
Mr. NESMITH. The man doing the trav-
eling.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Would that amount to
more than the quarters provided here?
Mr. NESMITH. Yes; a great deal. He
would get paid for his travel six cents a mile
under the present law, or ten cents as a bill we
passed the other day makes it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Would the mileage in
such a case be more than the cost of travel?
And is it not probable that the man here would
get more money than the other?
Mr. NESMITH. No.
Mr. GRIMES. Aside from the amountto be
expended by the man who is traveling, which
would get the larger compensation, the one
who was compelled to undergo the fatigue of
traveling or the one stationed as a bureau agent
at Washington?
Mr. NESMITH. So far as the compensa-
tion proper is concerned 
Mr. GRIMES. I mean so far as the aggre-
gate is concerned.
Mr. NESMITH. I do not suppose there
would be any particular difference. It would
take the compensation of the man who is sta-
tioned in Washington to pay for fuel and quar-
ters, while the compensation of the other offi-
cer for traveling twenty-five thousand miles,
at six or ten cents, would only pay his ex-
penses ; so that in the end they would come
out, probably, nearly even. That is the inten-
tion of the law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then it would seem that
the man who performed this arduous service
and traveled so many miles would get nothing
more than he who staid at Washington after
all. I do not think he should get any more
or any less, to answer the Senator's question.
Officers of the Army enter the service for life.
One year they are stationed at Washington, the
next year out on the plains. They take their
turns. One year an officer travels and the
next he is stationed at some post. If he has
more service to perform in one year without
getting any additional pay the next year he will
probably perform less service than some other
officer who gets no more pay than he does, and
in the end it will be equal. It is just so with
your judges of courts. They do not all travel
the same distance; they do not all have the
same number of courts to hold, and yet you
fix the salary of each justice of the Supreme
Court at the same amount. It does not de-
pend upon the number of miles he goes to hold
his court or how many days he sits in court.
I presume some of the justices of the Supreme
Court hold court many more days than others
do.
Now, sir, it seems to me it would be alto-
gether better to have a fixed, known price for
these services. I have nothing to say in re-
gard to the proposition of the Senator from
New York immediately pending, because I am
not sufficiently informed as to the propriety of
raising these rations from thirty to fifty cents.
It seems they were put up on account of the
war. I wish to make one remark, however.
The Senator from New York speaks of this as
being raised " for the present." This is to be a
permanent law. It will be an anomaly in tho
legislation of this country when you get sal-
aries up to have a bill come in to put them
down. I have never seen anything of that lev-
eling process since I have been a member here.
I have known a great many instances of bills
introduced to pay some favorite officer, some
officer who has performed extraordinary duties,
and we have increased his salary $800 or $1,000;
and the next year a bill will come in to pay the
other officers the same as this colonel of cav-
alry has, and they will say it is an inequality
and you must equalize it; but I never knew a
bill to come in since I have been a member of
the body to put down the higher salary ancl
equalize it with the lower one. If this propo-
sition should be adopted it will be as perma-
nent as any of our laws, I think.
Mr. HARRIS. The Senator argues as if
this were a proposition to increase the pay.
My proposition is simply to keep it where it
is. Unless this amendment shouldbe adopted,
the moment the rebellion is at an end, when
wo can find out when that is, the ration goes
down from fifty to thirty cents. I propose to
keep it where it is until Congress shall see fit
to reduce it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to strike out the
word "January," in the eleventh line of the
twenty-fifth section, and to insert "July."
The proviso now reads:
That this section shall not go into effect until the
1st day of January, 1867.
I propose that it shall go into effect the 1st
day of July. The point is this: we abolish
sutlers in the Army. Many of those sutlers
are now scattered over the country, and have
stocks of goods on hand, and the question is
whether they can get out of the position they
are in by the 1st of January. It is thought by
some that they cannot. This is a very impor-
tant change that will save a groat deal to the
Army, and I am willing to give these men a
year to get out of the business. I therefore
move to strike out the word "January" and
to insert "July."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I offer the following amend-
ment in the form of a proviso to the twelfth
section:
Provided, That no court-martial, court of inquiry,
or military commission shall take jurisdiction of any
case that does not arise in th© land or naval forces,
or ill the militia when in actual service m time of
war or public danger.
I offer this amendment upon this plain pro-
vision of the Constitution, which is to be found
in article five of the amendments:
" No person shall be held to answer for a capital or
otherwise infamous crime unless on a presentment
or indictment by a grand jury, except in eases arising
in the land or naval forces, or m the militia when m
actual service in time of war or public danger, &c.
It seems to me to be a plain constitutional
provision that a man who is not in the land or
naval forces, or in the militia when in the act-
ual service of the United States, is not triable
by a military commission. We know that this
principle has been violated very frequently
during the progress of the whole war. I want
the legislation of Congress on this subject to
be in strict conformity to the Constitution, and
that the Constitution may protect the rights of
