18G6.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2ffl
39th Cong....1st Sess.
Koontz vs. Coffroth—Mr. Koontz.
Ho. op Eeps.
he did not vote at the election of the 11th of October,
18(54; that he didn't vote because he was afraid to
come in: that he wa*5 afraid to come in becausc he
heard that there were soldiers here; that he always
did come to vote; that if he h^d come he would have
voted the Democratic ticket; that he knows Henry
Ciaar.
Cross-examined by Mr. Cessna under protest:
That he was eight or ten miles from the polls on
the election day ;"(hat he was not in Bedford town-
ship on the day of the election; that the citizens of
Bedford township vote at the court-house in Bedford
borough; that he didn't come any nearer than eight
or ten miles to the election house on that day; that
he don't know that there were any soldiers in Bed-
ford on that day except from hearsay; that he was
afraid of the soldiers on that day because he had been
drafted; that he had been drafted on the 21st day of
September, 1864; tbat, his day to reportwas the lstof
October, and the election was the 10th or 11th of Oc-
tober; that ho didn't report, and that was the reason
thnt he was afraid.
By Mr. Reed:
I desired to vote. A. J. REIGHARD.
Attest:
S. L. Russell, Commissioner.
Mr.Reed calls JohnGroman. Mr. Cessna makes the
same objections as in thelast above ease.
John Groman, being duly sworn, deposes and says,
that he thought that he was a legal voter prior to and
since tho election of 11th October, 1864; that he is sure
that he was a legal voter on the 11th October, "1864;
that he did not vote at that election; that ho was a
drafted man, and wasafraid of the soldiers, and that
was the reason he didn't vote; that itwas hi? desire
to vote, and intended to have voted for A. II. Cof-
froth.
Cross-examined by Mr. Cessna under protest:
That he was not in Bedford on the election day;
was about nine miles from the polls; didn'tcomeany
nearer than that, and didn't offer to vote; that he
was drafted in September; was to report on 1st Octo-
ber; didn't report, and that was the reason that he
was afraid to come here to vote; was informed that
there were soldiers hero; didn't know except from
that information.
JOIIN GROMAN.
Attest:
S. L. Russell.
Mr. Reed calls Adam H. Earnest. Mr. Cessna
makes tbe same objection as in tho former cases.
Adam II. Earnest, being duly sworn, doth depose
and say* that he is a resident of Bedford township,
and avoterforyears; that hedidnotvoteatthoelec-
tion of the 11th October, 1864; that hedidnotvote
because he was afraid to come in on account of the
soldiers; that he wished to come in and vote; that he
would have come in, ho guesses, if there had been no
soldiers here; that if he had come in and voted, he
would have voted the Democratic ticket.
Cross-examined by Mr. Cessna under protest:
That he was about ten miles from the polls on the
election day; didn't come nearer that day; didn't
come to offer to vote; that tho only way he knows,
that there were soldiers here was by hearsay; tbat bo*
was drafted in June, 1864; was to report in Juno or
July; didn't report, and that is the reason why he
didn't come to vote.
ADAM II. EARNEST.
Attest:
S. L. Russell.
Mr. Reed calls William Thompson. Mr. Cessna
makes the same objection as in former cases.
William Thompson, being sworn, deposes and says,
that he is a resident and voter of Bedford township;
that he has a brother, James Thompson, who in 1864
was a legal voter; that he, James, deponentguesses,
must now be in Indiana; that he, James, was out
about Mr. Hemnnng's; that he would have liked to
come in and voted, but ho was afraid of the soldiers,
(to this Mr. Cessnaemphaticallyohjects.asheingbut
hearsay;) that he, James, told me he would have
voted the Democratic ticket.
Cross-examined by Mr. Cessna under protest:
That James was drafted and didn't report, and
didn't come in to the election.
his
WILLIAM X THOMPSON,
mark.
Attest:
S. L. Russell, Commissioner.
Peter A. Miller, sworn, doth depose and say, that he
is a citizen of Napier township, and has been forfive
years. I was in Napier township on tho 11th day of
October, A. D. 1864. I would have been at the polls
if I had not been afraid that I would be taken by the
soldiers that were there. I was threatened to betaken,
because they were after me to t ake me. I would have
been apt to have voted for Coffroth if I had gone,most
assuredly. 1 am a Democrat in politics. 1 was in-
formed that there were soldiers there.
Cross-examined by Mr. Cessna:
On the day of the election 1 was across between
the top of the mountain and the foot of the mount-
ain. It was about six miles from tho election. I
didn't go any nearer than that to the polls that day.
I didn't offer my vote to the officers of the election,
because I was afraid to go there. I was afraid of
being taken. I was a conscript and hadn't reported,
and I was afraid that they would take me for that;
was drafted in 1863, on the 25th of August, and had
managed to escape the officers all that time. They
had been trying to take me for some time before the
election. I didn't see any soldiers at the election
tbat day. I only know that there were soldiers there
from hearsay only. I do not know that the soldiers
on-that day arrested anybody, or offered to arrest
anybody, or disturbed anybody.
PETER A. MILLER.
Attest:
S. L. Russell, Commissioner.
Mr. Reed calls Henry Stichler, who, having been
sworn, doth dopose and say, that he is a citizen of
Napier, and has been a voter therefor fourteen years,
as nfear as I can recollect. I was in the township on
the 11th October,1864. Ididnotvoteatthatelection.
I desired to voto. I was afraid thatthe fellows with
the blue clothes on, the soldiers, would arrest me,
and that Vrasthereason I didn't vote. If I had voted
I would have voted for Coffroth. Henry Miller was
then in the same situation, and would have voted
the same scale.
Cross-oxamined by Mr. Cessna:
I was around at home on the day of the election;
about iny father's house, shoeraakin? a little, sneak-
ingly. I was not at the election; was five miles off,
and didn't go any nearer; didn't offer my vote to the
officers of the election. I didn't go to the election
for fear of being taken. I was drafted and did not
report; I wasdraftcdin June, and was trying to keep
out of the way; that was my game. The soldiers
caughtme at last: treated me first rate. I knew that
there were soldiers at the polls from hearsay only.
I cannot say that the soldiers arrested, or offered to
arrest, or disturbed anybody thatday, I know noth-
ing about Henry Miller, except what he told me. I
cannot toll where he was that day; he was not with
HENRY STICHLER.
Attest:
S. L. Russell, Commissioner.
Mr. Reed calls John Oldham, who, having been
duly affirmed, doth depose and say, 1 am a citizen
andvoterot Napier township ever since I had a vote;
was in the township on the 11th October, lSt54; didn't
vote. I was drafted and had not reported, and was
afraid that the soldiers would take me, and there-
fore'! did not vote; they had been-after me on the
Sunday previous, but they did not get rue. If 1 had
voted, I would have voted for Coffroth: I have always
voted thcDemo'cratic ticket, and always will. I knew
that Henry Miller was similarly situated; ho told
mo so, and that ho was chased back by the soldiers
whrn he went to vote.
(Mr. Cessna objects to the declarations of Miller.)
Cross-examined by Mr. Cessna,:
IsawIIeory Millerthe night of tho election; hadn't
seen him before on that day; we had a little tent
where we laid together; to tell the plain truth itwas
about a quarter of a mile from my house, in the
woods. Henry Miller was adrafted man before I was.
I was drafted in the June draft, about the 2d of June.
I was about six miles away from the polls on election
day; saw no soldiers there; onlyknew about soldiers
being there by hearsay. I hadnotreported after being
drafted. 1 knewthat according to military law I was
a deseiter. I was afraid, because I was drafted and
hadn't reported. If Jeff. Davis should get upon the
Democratic ticket, I would vote for him.
Recross-examined:
If Thaddeus Stevens should eret upon the Demo-
cratic ticket I would vote for him. Miller is not in
Bedford county.
his
JOHN X OLDHAM,
mark.
Attest:
S. L. Russkll, Commissioner.
Mr. Reed calls George W.Burkholder, who, having
been duly affirmed, doth say, I have been a citizen
and voter of St. Clair township, Bedfoid county, for
many years; I didn't vote on the 11th of October,
1864; I was drafted and didn't report and went away;
took the western train at Johnstown seven days be-
fore the election.
G. W. BURKIIOLDER.
Attest:
S. L. Russell, Commissioner.
It is true, sir, that by the ninety-fifth section
of the act of the Legislature of Pennsylvania,
of 2d July, 1839, it is provided that " no body
of troops in the Army of the United States or
of this Commonwealth shall be present, either
armed or unarmed, at any place of election
within this Commonwealth, during the time of
such election;" but it is further provided "that
nothing herein contained shall be so construed
as to prevent any officer or soldier from exer-
cising the right of suffrage in the election dis-
trict to which he may belong, if otherwise quali-
fied according to law.51 Nov/, while it appears
from the testimony that there were soldiers at
certain polls, there is no proof that they were
not residents of those districts, and therefore
may have been rightfully there for the purpose
of exercising the right of suffrage. If, how-
ever, they were there in violation of law, they
could doubtless be punished for it; but it is no
reason why it should enable these persons to
have their votes counted in this contest, because
not a man of them offered to vote. On the
contrary, they all say that they were deserters,
had failed to respond to the draft, and having
heard that there were soldiers about were afraid
that they would-be arrested, and staid away
from the polls, being in most instances five, six,
eight, and ten miles away. If all the votes of
this description could be added to the vote of
the sitting member, my majority of 71 might
perhaps be overcome. I submit, however, if
it is not rather inconsistent in the sitting mem-
ber, after trying so hard to take away from me
the votes of the soldiers actually in service and
who did vote, to ask that the votes of these
draft-deserting soldiers hid in the mountains,
and who never offered to vote, should be added
to his vote?
I have shown conclusively that certain legal
votes Were excluded from the official canvass,
and that these votes when added thereto give
me a majority of 71. I have demonstrated that
there is nothing in the proof adduced by the
sitting member to cause the reduction of this
majority except the mere trifle of a few votes,
and therefore having a clear majority of the
legal votes, I am entitled to be admitted to this
House as the member from the sixteenth dis-
trict of Pennsylvania.
A few reasons why I have made this contest
and I have done. In the first place, since the
day the return judges assembled in the various
counties in the district to sum up the home and
soldier vote, I have entertained the sincere con-
viction that I was honestly and fairly elected,
and so believing, I determined that I would
push the investigation of this case until after
a fair and full hearing upon the merits, it would
be determined by the learned and honest Com-
mittee of Elections whether that convictior
was right or wrong. They have after a patient
and careful examination of the case reported
to this House that I was elected.
But there were other reasons still that
prompted me to make this contest. I was
chosen as the candidate of the Union party
in the sixteenth district in one of the most
critical periods of the country's history. Over
three years of war, carried on upon the most
gigantic scale upon the part of the Govern-
ment, had failed to put down a wicked rebel-
lion, organized for the purpose of destroying
this Union. An unsubdued rebellion, a rap-
idly increasing and enormous public debt, the
finances of the country unsettled, gold as high
as two hundred and ninety per cent., and re-
peated drafts, so depressed the public mind
that the loyal people of the country almost
began to wonder whether, when the dark
clouds were rolled away and the sun of peace
again shone forth, it would be upon a rent
Union or a preserved Republic. The public
sentiment of the country was divided upon
the question whether the war should be stopped
whether it should be carried on by every re-
source of the Government until the rebellion
was overthrown.
The feeling of distrust in our institutions, of
our inability to put down the rebellion, of ad-
mitted weakness and half-concealed sympathy
with treasou, found expression in that remark-
able document promulged at the city of Chi-
cago, which declared "that the war was a fail-
ure, and that justice, liberty, and humanity
required that it should be stopped." On the
other hand, the unwearied patience, the un-
swerving loyalty, and deep and profound faith
of the American people in the permanency and
stability of our institutions, and of our ultimate
success over armed treason found utterance in
the patriotic resolves of the Baltimore con-
vention, which declared that treason must be
overthrown and the unity and integrity of the
Government preserved. These were no uncer-
tain sounds. The former was an appeal to the
timid, the wavering, the unpatriotic; the latter
spoke the language of faith and hope in the
darkest hour of tne nation's history. Selected
