2718
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
fully and properly, I have no objection to grant- :
ing them an act of incorporation; but it it is \
an act of incorporation to biing into existence
an artificial person to run all over the Union,
then I say v.-e ought not to grant if. What
would be the result it' every State in the Union
should come to enacting corporations of that
kind ? Suppose the State of New York should
pass acts of incorporation authorizing a body
of gentlemen to mine all over the country: the
State of New Hampshire should pass acts of
incorporation authorizing people to manufac-
ture all over the country ; and the State of
Pennsylvania should pass acts of incorpora-
tion. if they could do so, authorizing people
to bank all over the country, and then you set
these fictitious persons running all over the
country to find some opportunity of doing
business; what would be the condition of the
country? It seems to me that these acts of
incorporation should be made auxiliary to the
business of the country. Where this necessity-
is shown first, or a convenience in any way of
operation, then we ought to grant it. I have
no great opposition to granting acts of incor-
poration to proper parties within the District ;
and if in the prosecution of that business in
the District they find it necessary to go into
other States and operate there, I have no ob-
jection. If, for instance, you should incorpo-
rate an insurance company to do business in
this District, and they should find it necessary
to run into all the States of the Union in a
legitimate waj-, I have no objection to it. But
I have a very great objection to incorporating
this company for the purpose of sending them
elsewhere, ivlien they are not doing or desirous
of doing business here. The Senator from
Maine, undoubtedly, knows whether these peo-
ple propose to go into business here; whether
they are an association of gentlemen under-
taking it here, or whether he is creating an
artificial person to enable it for speculative
purposes, or for some purpose outside of the
District, to do business. I think he will see a
very great objection to doing that. I think wc
should not pass this hill without grave consid-
eration.
Mr. WADE. I voted in committee for this
incorporation, and for several others like it.
Some of them, I believe, have passed. I have
not been able to see the importance of the
arguments that have been made against this
bill. A corporation is, in law, an artificial
person for any purpose that may be described
m the charter of incorporation. The States
are in the habit everywhere of granting acts
of incorporation for certain prescribed modes
of buMuess, and when the parties are incor-
porated they do business all over the Union.
They can do. unless the law prohibits it, just
what a natural person may do lawfully, and
nothing more. The object of the incorpo-
ration is barely for the purpose of perpetual
succession. When a great business is con
templated that requires more capital than or-
dinarily belongs to one individual, and a great
many, in order to carry it on, have to concen-
trate their means together, it is convenient for
them to have a charter of incorporation, be-
cause, without it, when any member of the
company dies, the whole company is dissolved,
and it passes into the hands of administrators.
Therefore these acts of incorporation do noth-
ing more than to enable them to continue their
business, notwithstanding the death of some
of the parties.
As to the objection of their doing business
outside of the authority that grants the incor-
poration, almost all your important corpora-
tions do that. W'hy, sir. look at your insur-
ance companies of Hartford, Connecticut.
They are doing business all over the United
States to the amount of millions, and I do not
know but of hundreds of millions, evervwhere.
Look at your companies for transportation, all
over the country, everywhere. Your bankin"
institutions do business in every State, allover
the Union, without, any objection whatever.
In short, they can do just what a natural per-
son may lawfully do, and they cannot do any-
j thing more. All the advantage the company
! has by being incorpoiated is, as I said before,
j that theyinaydo business wherever they please,
j and on the death of some of the. members, their
; company is not entirely dissolved. A great
: business cannot be carried on without it, and
j as they get no additional advantage in a State
j over a natural person prosecuting the same
! business, I do not know why it should not be
' granted if it is a lawful business. The States,
1 of course, may put them under such restric-
| tions as they please, and some of the States
I perhaps have prevented foreign corporations
I transacting business within their limits, or have
I modified the terms of their charter, and pre-
scribed under what circumstances and limita-.
tions they may do business. But in the ab-
sence of any such thing a corporation may do
all lawful business that a natural person can
do. They cannot do anylhing more. It strikes
me there is really but little in this objection
that if we incorporate them here they will do
business somewhere else. I expect they will:
but if they do a lawful business, 'beneficial
to themselves and the community, such as
mining or manufacturing, I do not see how
anybody is to be injured by it. If any State
objects to it, they may fence them out, proba-
bly; but they do not see fit to pass acts of
prohibition against these corporations gener-
ally, and therefore I think they have been ben-
eficial. and I see no kind of objection to it.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend the bill 
Mr. MORRILL. I have some other meas-
ures which will not lead to debate, and I will
allow this bill to pass over by common conscnt
and call np some other bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the further consideration of this bill be
postponed until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
IIOUS13 CTT.LS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Rep-
resentatives were severally read by their titles
and referred as indicated below ;
:| A bill (H. R. No. 379) to establish in the
■j District of Columbia a reform school for boys—
!j to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
:j A bill (H. K. No. "/">!) to annul the thirty-
j fourth section of (he declaration of rights of j
'I the State of Maryland, so far as it applies to :
'' the District of Columbia—to the Committee on j
:i the District of Columbia. I
ij A bill (II. R. No. I^pl) to grade East Capi- j
i' tol street and establish Lincoln square—to the !
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds, j
j! AMERICA FIRM INSURANCE COMPANY.
II Mr. MORRILL. I now ask the Senate to
ji take up for consideration Senate bill No. 296.
;! The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
!; as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
| consider the bill ("S. No. 290; to incorporate
,j the America Eire and Marine Insurance Com-
pany of Washington, District of Columbia. It
: authorizes J. L. Kidweil, Francis Wheatley,
ji Esau Pickrell, J. B. Davidson, and Thomas I.
'! Davis, of Georgetown, District of Columbia;
and Benjamin Beall, B. L. Jackson, Joseph
F. Burr, Augustus E. Perry, arid Frederick
Koones, of Washington, District of Columbia,
or any five of them, to receive subscriptions to
the capital stock of a comany to be denomi-
nated the America Fire and Marine Insur-
ance Company of Washington, District of
Columbia. The company are to have the
usual powers and privileges of a corporation.
The capital stock is to consist of twenty thou-
sand shares of fifty dollars each.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
CHESAPEAKE AND I'OTOMAO TIDEWATER CANAL.,
Mr. MORRILL. I ask the Senate to take
up for consideration Senate bill No. 281.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
j consider the bill (S. No. 281) to authorize, the jj
I Chesapeake Bay and Potomac River Tide- l!
i
water Canal Company to enter the District of
Columbia.
Mr. WILLEY. The Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia have reported an amendment
as a substitute for the entire bill, and I there-
fore suggest that the reading of the original bill
be omited.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The read-
ing of the original bill will be dispensed with,
if there be no objection, and the amendment
only be read.
The Secretary read the proposed substitute,
as follows:
That the Chesapeake Bay and Potomac Tidewater
Canal Company, incorporated by the General Assem-
bly of the State of Maryland, at the January session
thereof, 1866, by an aot entitled "An act to incorpo-
rate the Chesapeake Bay and Potomac River Tide-
water Canal Company," be, and the same are hereby,
authorized to extend their canal ironi the uoint where
it strikes the boundary lineofothe District of Colum-
bia, thence in and through the said District to tho
Anacostia river at any point thereon above .Bidding's
bridge.
Si:c. 2. And be it further enacted. That the said com-
pany are hereby authorized and empowered to take,
purchase, and hold, for the purposes of this act, so
much real estate and other property as shall be ne-
cessarily required for the proper construction of tho
extension aforesaid, and for the construction of all
pioper and convenient basins, locks, reservoirs,
docks, and wharves, to bo connected with said ex-
tension. And where the said company shall not
be able to procure such real estate by purchase from
the- owner thereof,. or the owner thereof shall bo
a femmc covet t, infant, non compos 'nienth, impris-
oned, or resident beyond the District of Columbia,
then application may bo made by the president of
said company to the chief justice of the supremo
court of the District of Columbia for the appoint-
ment of three persons, who shall bo freeholders in
said District, as a commission of inquest of damages,
and who shall go upon and inspcct any property pro-
posed to be taken by said company for the purposes
contemplated by this act; and before any person so
appointed as such commissioner shall proceed to act,
he shall take an oath or affirmation that he -will
fairly and truly value the damages sustained by the
owner or owners of any property by the use and oc-
cupation of any such real estate, water lights, or
other property, by said company ; and said commis-
sion shall reduce their inquisition or finding to
writing, and sign and seal the same, and it shall then
be returned to said chief justice, who shall file tho
same in the office of the register of deerls of tho city
of Washington. But no sueli inquisition shall be
had until after ten days' notice thereof has been
served on the owner of the real estate so to be taken,
when he resides in the District of Columbia, or by
publication ot notice in one or more of the daily
newspapers published in the city of Washington for
twenty days where such owner lesidcs beyond tho
said District. "When tho owiu r is a femme covert, the
noiice shall be to her and her husband; when he is a
minor, to his guardian; and when be i^ non compos
ine/itis, to his committee, or the person having the
charge of his estate. The said report shall be con-
firmed by the supreme court of the Di-tiictof Co-
lumbia at its next term after tho return ofs.nd repoi t,
unless for cause shown to the contrary. t And where
good cause is thus shown, the saul chicf justice shall
set aside said inquest, and appoint another similar
commission, who shall qualify in the same manner,
and whose inquisition shall be taken, returned, filed,
and confirmed, or set aside tor good cause shown, iu
tho same manner as the first inquisition was taken,
returned, filed, and. confirmed, or set aside. And
such commission or inquisition shall be renewed aa
often as maybenecessarv,until the inquisition made
shall be confirmed. Such inquisition shall desciibo
the property taken by m< tes and bounds, and the
valuation thereof shall be paid or tendered nithin
ten days after the confirmation of ^ueh inquisition
by said district court: and when such valuation or
damages are so paid or tendered, said company shall
have a full and perfect right to enter upon, use, oc-
cupy, and cnioy any piopcrty .so valued during its
corporate existence, and all expenses incurred by
sueh inquisition shall be paid by said company.
St:c.3. Aid he it further enacted, That it shall.be
lawful for said company tolevy. demand, and i ejeive
such even toils and rents for the use of the whirves
and docks of said company on said extension, or for
freight transported by said company, or for the pas-
sage through said extension of boat-, rntts, or any
other water craft, as a majority of the directors at
any regular meeting shall assess therefor: Provided.
That the Congress of the United States shall at all
times have power to increase or reduce such tolls or
ren ts.
PiX. 4. And be it farther enacted. That said canal
extension, when completed, shall forever thereafter
be esteemed and taken to be a public highway tor tho
transportation of all goods, commodities, or produce
of every kind and description, and foi all c anal-boats,
rafts, or other water crafts ot every kind whatever,
upon tho payment of-mob tolls or rents as are author-
ized to be imposed bv this act.
i-i.e.."). A ml be it fv rtkr r en"< ted, That the said eom-
pany sltall permit all public property belonging to
the United States to pass thiough said canal exten-
sion iree of all charge or toll; and the said i ompeny
shall, irom time to time, as may be required, I'y.be-
fnre Congress a jir,tand true account of theirreecipts
and expenditures on said ext ens-ion, with a statement
of tho clear profits thereof.
