1758
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
 «—————====
April 4,
I pass from the consideration of this first
section of the bill to that of the second, which
is objected to by the President as affording
"discriminating protection to colored per-
sons.
I will read the section.:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That any person
■who, untler color of any law, statute, ordinance, reg-
ulation, or custom, shall subject, or cause to bo sub-
jected, any inhabitant of any State or Territory to
the deprivation of any right secured or protected by
this act, or to different punishment, pains, or penal-
ties on account of such person having at any time
been held in a condition of slavery or involuntary
servitude, except as a punishment for crime whereof
the party shall have been duly convicted, or by rea-
son of his color or race, than is prescribed for the
punishment ol white persons, shall be deemed guilty
of a misdemeanor, and, on conviction, shall_ bo pun-
ished by a fine not exceeding 31,000, oriinprisonment
not exceeding one year, or both, in the discretion ot
the court.
Can human ingenuity point out wherein that
section discriminates in favor of colored per-
sons? It says, in effect, that no one shall sub-
ject a colored person to a different punishment
than that inflicted on a white person for the
same offense. Does that discriminate in fa-
vor of the colored person? Why, sir, the very
objcct and effect of the section is to prevent
discrimination, and language, it seems to me,
could not more plainly express that object and
effect. It may be said that it is for the bene-
fit of the black man because he is now in some
instances discriminated against by State laws;
but that is tho ease with all remedial statutes.
They are for fho reliefof'the persons who need
the relief not for the relief of Ihoso who have
tlie right already : and when those needing the
relief obtain it, they stand upon tho precise
footing of those who do not need the benefit
of the law.
There are, however, other serious objections
made to this section. It is said that "it pro-
vides for counteracting such forbidden legisla-
tion by imposing fine and imprisonment upon
the legislators who may pass such conflicting
laws." Let us see if that is the language or
the proper construction of the section. I will
read again tho first linos of it. It declares—
That any person who, under color of any law, ordi-
nance, regulation, or custom, shall subject, or eausc
to bo subjected, (fee., * * L * shall be
punished, ic.
Who is to be punished? Is the law to be
punished? Arc the men who make the law to
be punished ? Is that the language of the bill ?
Not at all. If any person, " under color of any
law," shall subject another to the deprivation
of a right to which ho is entitled, he is to be
punished.' Who? Tho person who, under the
color of the law, docs the act, not (lie men who
made the law. In some communities in the
South a custom prevails by which different pun-
ishment is inflicted upon the blacks from that
meted out to whites for the same offense. Does
this section propose to punish the community
where the custom prevails? Or is it to punish
the person who, under color of tho custom, de-
prives (lie parly of his right? It is a manifest
perversion of the meaning of the section to
assert anything else.
But it is said that underthis provision judges
of the courts and ministerial officers who are
engaged in the execution of any such statutes
may be punished ; and that is made an objec-
tion to this hill. I admit that a ministerial offi-
cer or a judge, if'lie acts corruptly or viciously
in the e.xtcuiion or under color of an illegal
act, may be and ought to' be punished ; but
if he acted innocently the judge would not be
punished. Sir, what is a crime? Itisaviola-
tion of some public law, to constitute which
there must be an act and a vicious will in
doing the act: or, according to tho definition
in some of the law-books, to constitute a crime
there must be a violation of a public law, in
the commission of which there must be a union
or joint operation of act and intent or crim-
inal negligence ; and a judge who acted inno-
cently, and not viciously or oppressively,
would never be convicted under this act. But,
eir, if he acted knowingly, viciously, or oppress-
ively, in disregard of a law of the United
States, I repeat, he ought to be punished, and
it is no anomaly to prescribe a punishment in
such a case. Very soon after the organization
of this Government, in the first_years of its
existence, the Congress of the United States
provided for punishing officers who, under
color of State law, violated the laws of tho
United States. I read from the twenty-sixth
section of an act passed in 1790, providing for
the punishment of Certain .offenses against
foreign ministers, consuls, &e.:
"That in case any person or persons shallsue forth
or prosecute any such writ or process, such person or
persons, and all attorneys or solicitors prosecuting or
soliciting in such case, and all officers executing any
such writ or process being thereof convicted, shall be
deemed violators of the laws of nations and disturb-
ers of the public repose, and imprisoned not exceed-
ing three years, and fined at tho discretion of the
court."
By this provision all officers executing any
writ or process in violation of the laws of the
United States are to be subject to a much
longer imprisonment than is provided by this
bill. m
Mr. JOHNSON. Does the Sen'atorrate from
the Statutes-at-Large ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did.
Mr. JOHNSON. What page?
Mr. TKLJMBULL. It is the first volume,
page 118, section twenty-six; and as my friend
from Maryland seems- to be taking notes of
tho authorities, I refer him to the first volurAe
of Kent's Commentaries, pages 646 and 049,
in which the author, speaking of the statutes
of New York, says:
"Tho penalty of 61.000 is given in favor of the party
aggrieved, against every officer and eveiy member of
the court assenting to the refusal."
To grant a writ of habeas corpus where the
party is entitled to it.
"The habeas corpus act of Mississippi makes the
refusal or neglect of any judge or judges to grant tho
wntahigh misdemeanor and an impeachable offense."
On page G49 the author says :
"And finally, if any person solely, or as a member
of any court, or m tho execution of any order, know-
ingly reiinprisons such party, he forfeits a penalty of
kl,2o0 to the party aggrieved, and is to be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor and liable to fine and im-
prisonment."
This applies to any member.,of a court who
knowingly reimprisons a person who has once
been discharged on a writ of habeas corpus.
I should like to know if the freedom of a man
discharged by a writ of habeas corpus is any
more sacred than the freedom of the negro dis-
charged from bondage by the great constitu-
tional amendment, and if it is any worse to
punish a judge who under color of law under-
takes to deprive of his liberty a poor African
freed from bondage by the Constitution of his
country than it is to punish a judge who reim-
prisons a man once discharged on a writ of
habeas corpus1 Sir, there is no novelty in
these provisions, and the times require them.
But, sir, there is another answer, in my
judgment, more conclusive, to all these objec-
tions to this second section, which is the vital
part of the bill. Without it, it would scarcely
be worth tho paper on which tho bill is written.
A law without a penalty, without a sanction,
is of little value to anybody. What good does
it do for tho Legislature to say, " Do this, and
forbear to do that," if no consequence is to
follow the act of disobedience? This is the
vitality of tho bill. What is the objection that
is made to it, and which seems even to have
staggered some friends of the measure? It is
because it reads in the first section that any
person who " under color of law" shall com-
mit these offenses shall be subject to the pen-
alties of the law. Suppose those words had
been left out and the bill read, "any person
who sball^rbject any inhabitant of a State to
different punishment by reason of his color
shall be punished,'' would there have been any
I objection to the bill then ? That is the wa}f
; most criminal laws read. That is the way the
j law punishing conspiracies against the Gov-
j ernment reads. If two or more persons con-
I spire together to overthrow the Government,
or by force to resist its authority, "they are
liable to indictment, and, upon osnviction, to
imprisonment in the penitentiary and to heavy
fine. Would the fact that the persons en-
gaged in the conspiracy were judges or Gov-
ernors or ministerial officers, acting under color
of any statute or custom, screen them from
punishment ? Surely not.
These words " under color of law" were in-
serted as words of limitation, and not for the
purpose of punishing persons who would not
have been subject to punishment under the act
if they had been omitted. If an offense is com-
mitted against a colored person simply because
he is colored, in a State where the law affords
him the same protection as if he were white,
this act neither has nor was intended to have
anything to do with his case, because he has
adequate remedies in the State courts; but if
he is discriminated against under color of State
laws because he is colored, then it_ becomes
necessary to interfere for his protection.
The assumption that State judges and other
officials are not to be held responsible for vio-
lations of United States laws, when done under
color of State statutes or customs, is akin to
the maxim of the English law that the King
can do no wrong. It places officials above the
law. It is the very doctrine out of which the
rebellion was hatched.
Everything that was done by that wicked
effort to overturn our Government was done
under color of law. The rebels insisted that
they had a fight to secede. They passed ordi-
nances of secession; they set up State gov-
ernments ; and all that they did was done under
color of law. And if parties committing these
high crimes are to go free because they acted
under color of law, why is not Jeff. Davis and
every other rebel chief discharged at once ?
Why did this country put forth all its resources
of men and money to put down the rebellion
against the authority of the Government, ex-
cept it had a right to do so, even as against
those who were acting under color of law?
Lee, with his rebel hordes, thundering npon
the outskirts of this very city, was acting under
color of law. Every judge who has held a
court in the southern States for the last four
years, and has tried and convicted of treason
men guilty of no other offense than loyalty to
the Union, acted under color qf law.
Sir, if we had authority by the use of the
Army and the war power to put down rebels
acting under color of law, I put the question
to every lawyer if we had not authority to do
that through the courts and the judicial tribu-
nals if it had been practicable? When may
you resort to war? "When you cannot accom-
plish the just object of the war in any other
way. The dernier resort is the cry to arms
and the appeal to battle ; but if it be possible
to put down an insurrection, to prevent a com-
bination against the Government, and to pun-
ish persons for treason and conspiracy against
the Government, without a resort to arms, the
Government not only has the power but it is
its duty to do it. Suppose it had been practi-
cable through the marshals to arrest the Le-
gislature which convened at Montgomery and
undertook to take the State of Alabama out of
the Union and set. up a government in hostil-
ity thereto, ought it not to have been done?
Was not that a conspiracy against this Gov-
ernment? When the Legislature assembled at
Montgomery in 1801 and resolved that the con-
nection between Alabama and the United States
was dissolved, and when its members took steps
to maintain that declaration: when the same
thing was done in South Carolina, and courts
were organized to carry out tho scheme, will
anybody tell me it would not have been com-
petent, had it been practicable, for tho United
States courts in those States to have issued pro-
cess for the arrest of every one of those legis-
lators, Governors, judges, and all. And, sir,
had this been done, and it had turned out upon
trial that any of the parties arrested had been
engaged in armed hostility against the United
States, as some of them had boen when with
