1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3679
words "eight now;" in line seven to strike
out the words "to be designated the Veteran
Reserve corps and of;" and in line eight to
strike out the words "of ten companieseach"
and to insert "of which shall be composed;"
so that the clause will read:
And eight new regiments of ten companies each,
five regiments of which shall be composed of colored
men.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is the amendment
which strikes out the Veteran Reserve corps.
Mr. GRIMES. There are two or three of
those amendments that follow each other, as I
understand.
Mr. JOHNSON'. The decision of one de-
cides all the rest.
Mr. WILSON. If the first one is adopted,
the rest will follow as a matter of course.
Mr. POMEROY. On that question I ask
for the yeas and nays.
Several Sexatobs. They have just been
taken.
Mr. POMEROY. I will not insist upon it
if they have been taken. I withdraw the call.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next reserved amendment was to add as
a proviso to the twelfth section the following:
Resolved, That no court-martial, court of inquiry,
or military commission shall take jurisdiction of any
case that does not arise in the land or naval forces, or
in the militia when in actual service in time of war
or public danger.
Mr. DAVIS. Upon that question I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish simply to say
that I am in favor of the proposition contained
in that amendment offered by the Senator from
Kentucky ; but if I heard it read correctly it
is a precise copy of the language of the Con-
stitution, and I do not think it will strengthen
it any to put it into a law. I see no object in
reenaeting the language of the Constitution
over again.
Mr. DAVIS. I doubt whether it would be
observed if it was re'enforced even in the Con-
stitution. The honorable Senator says truly,
this is the language of the Constitution ; but I
want these military gentlemen, and the Secre-
tary of War, and the Judge Advocate General
to know that Congress has adopted it as part
of flie law as well as of the Constitution, and
that they are to observe it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from Ken-
tucky can give any assurance that they will
pay any more respect to it in a law than they
would in the Constitution, I do not know but
that I should be inclined to vote with him. For
myself I do not see any particular object in
reenaeting the Constitution.
Mr. HENDERSON. I apprehend that un-
der the decision of the Supremo Court lately
made in the cases of Bowles and Miliigan, it is
entirely unnecessary to reenact this provision.
At the same time, if it is insisted upon, I shall
vote for it. I have no doubt, and I never had
a doubt, that the decision of the Supreme Court
is correct. As the Senator from Illinois says,
I deem this amendment unnecessary; but if
the Senator from Kentucky insists upon it I
shall vote for it. It is unnecessary, because a
civilian tried by court-martial or military com-
mission has his remedy before the courts of
the country. Certainly no civilian can suffer
any penalty from military tribunals after the
decision of the Supreme Court.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to inquire
whether this amendment is to deprive the Bu-
reau of Military Justice of jurisdiction over
cases pending there on appeal during the war.
I understand that there is a large number of
cases before the bureau that originated during
the war, and are there for review. Will the
adoption of this amendment deprive the bureau
of jurisdiction in such cases and leave them
unsettled and undetermined?
Mr. DAVIS. I have 110 doubt that many
men who have constituted, in part, these mili-
tary courts never read the Constitution, and do
not. know what the provision is in relation to
this or almost any other subject therein pro-
vided for. I want those men, who probably
look more to military law, as enacted by Con-
gress, than they do to the Constitution, to have
an opportunity of knowing how the Constitution
reads by these words being adopted in this law.
I hope the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. JOHNSON. The honorable Senator
from Kentucky is right, I think, in saying that
this provision should be incorporated into- the
law. The error into which the military tribu-
nals have fallen, as is now demonstrated by the
decision of the Supreme Court, was in constru-
ing the act of Congress establishing the Rules
and Articles of War. There is in one portion
of that act some general words used which,
construed by themselves, would include civil-
ians as well as those who are attached to the
Army, and I know from conversation with many
military men who have acted upon these courts
that they believed and honestly believed it was
the purpose of Congress to include civilians in
the jurisdiction of the military tribunals. I
thought then, and I am confirmed in that opinion
since the decision of the Supreme Court, that
they placed an erroneous interpretation upon
the act to which I refer; that, taken in connection
with the other portions of the act, it was very
manifest, to a lawyer at least, that the whole
object of Congress was to include within the
military jurisdiction of those tribunals only
those who belonged to the Army or the Navy.
The Supreme Court have so decided. But as
that provision is still in the Rules and Articles
of War, I think it is advisable that we should
incorporate into this act some such phraseology
as is proposed by the Senator from Kentucky,
which will make it very clear to these military
gentlemen that it is not the purpose of Con-
gress to submit the citizen to tiial by military
tribunal.
Mr. SAULSBURY. It seems to me that the
objection urged against the adoption of this
amendment is not very sound. It is said that
this provision is already in the Constitution,
and therefore it is unnecessary to reenact it.
Sir, the friends of liberty did not think so in
former days. Magna Charta was reaffirmed six
or eight times within a few years after it was
enacted. The friends of liberty, in those days,
jealous of their rights whenever they were in-
fracted, did not think it was unnecessary to
reaffirm them but they did reaffirm them; and
whenever they were infracted they were found
uttering their voice against the infraction, and
reaffirming the great charter of their liberties.
This, if it shall be adopted, will be a reaffirm-
ance by the Senate of the United States of this
provision of our great magna charta. It can
do no harm. It holds up to the eyes of those
in power charged with the administration of
public affairs the solemn judgment of the Amer-
ican Senate, " Now that peace has come and
war has ceased, beware how you further tram-
ple upon the constitutional rights of the peo-
ple." Not being capable of doing any harm
but piobably resulting in much good, I should
hope the amendment would be adopted.
Mr. HOWARD. I shall vote against this
amendment because I deem it entirely unneces-
sary if the purpose of the mover of it is to re-
enact the Constitution—and that would seem
to be his purpose so far as he has indicated it,
but more especially if his object be to limit
and restrain the present jurisdiction of courts-
martial or military commissions. I believe the
law at present is sufficiently settled and definite
as to the jurisdiction <ff that kind of courts. The
mover of the amendment seems to entertain
the idea that he is reasserting the principles of
the Constitution in the amendment which he
offers. I do not so regard it. It is very true
the fifth article of the amendments of the Con-
stitution speaks of cases arising in the military
or naval service of the United States, or in the
militia when called into actual service. In
those special cases it is not necessary, accord-
ing to that amendment, that the accusation
should be presented in the form of an indict-
ment against the accused ; and that is the sole
effect of the clause, and it relates to a compar-
atively small portion of military offenses. It
can apply only to such military offenses as are
punishable capitally, or which in themselves are
infamous crimes. In such cases in the civil ser-
vice there must be an indictment. That is the
entire meaning and application of the clause.
I do not look upon article five of the amend-
ments to the Constitution as giving any juris-
diction at all to courts-martial or military com-
missions. It has nothing to do with those
courts; it does not provide for the establish-
ment or creation of those courts, but only se-
cures the right of an accused party charged
with a capital or otherwise infamous offense
the right to be indicted by a grand jury of the
proper number. It is not this source from
which we derive authority to establish military
commissions, but from those clauses of the
Constitution which authorize Congress to make
rules and regulations for the government of
the land and naval forces, to raise and sup-
port armies, and to carry on war. These, as
I understand, are the sources of the power to
establish courts-martial and military commis-
sions, and I know of no clause in the Constitu-
tion which limits the jurisdiction of courts-mar-
tial or military commissions further than they
are understood to be limited by the laws of war,
unless Congress should see fit to limit their
jurisdiction. The source of power for the es-
tablishment of these courts, in my judgment,
is not found in the fifth article of the amend-
ments, nor in that article which provides that in
all criminal cases the accused shall be entitled
to a trial by jury without; any distinction of
cases which are military in their nature or civil
in their nature. The whole power is derived
iiom the authority of Congress to raise and
support armies, to carry on war, and to make
rules and regulations for the government of
the land and naval forces of the United States.
In those respects we have the same power and
authority that any other Government possesses
over the whole subject. Fearing, therefore,
that the effect of this amendment may be to
restrict and restrain unnecessarily and injuri-
ously the just jurisdiction of courts-martial and
military commissions, and that its purposes
will not be really to reenact the Constitution,
which would be an idle ceremony, utterly use-
less, not to bestow upon it worse epithets, I
must vote against the amendment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 12, nays 18 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Davis. Doolxttle, Foster, Guthrie,
Henderson, Hendricks, Johnson, Nesmith, Norton,
Kiddle, Saulsbury, anri Spraguc—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Clark, Conness, Edmunds,
Fessenden, Grimes, Howard, Howe, Morgan, Pome-
roy, Ramsey, Stewart, Sumner, Van "Winkle, "Wade,
"Willey, Williams, and Wilson—18.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Chandler,
Cowan, Cratcin, Cresweli, X)ixon, Harris, Knkwood,
Lane of Indiana, Bane of Kansas, McDoug-all, Mor-
rill, Nye. Poland, Sherman, Trumbull, IVrisht, and
Yates—19.
So the amendment was non-concurrcd in.
The Secretary read the next excepted amend-
ment, which was to insert the following as an
additional section:
And be -it further enacted, That the third scction of
the act entitled "An act making appropriations for
the suppoit, of the Aimy lor the year ending the oOth
of June, 1S60,''shall continue in force until otherwise
provided by law.
Mr. BROWN. I asked to have that amend-
ment separated from the others with a view of
moving to amend it. 1 move to strike out
"until otherwise provided by law" and insert
"for one year from the passage of this act."
I am satisfied that it is premature now to adopt
a permanent system in regard to an increase of
that sort in the Army, and that one year's time
will give us ample opportunity. I believe the
Senator from New York agrees to that.
Mr. HARRIS. I am satisfied with the change
proposed by the Senator from Missouri, and if
it were competent for me to do so I would
accept the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to ; and the amendment, as amended,
was concurred in.
Mr. RAMSEY. I now offer the amendment
which I indicated before, to insert after the word
"service," in the twelfth line of the section
which was inserted on the motion of the Sen-
