1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2?9
39th Cong....1st Sess.
Illinois Central Railroad—Mr. Yates.
Senate.
actually do the transportation in fact, it says
so in precise and direct language. The sec-
tion as to carrying the mails reads as follows:
"And be it further enacted, That the United States
mail shall at all times bo transported on the said rail-
road. under the directions ot' the Post Office Depart-
ment, at such price as Congress may by law direct.'
Thus we see that where the company was to
be carrier for the Government the language is
specific and direct that the railroad shall trans-
port the mails.
This provision as to the mails is useful by
way of interpretation in another important
aspect, as illustrative of the faet that where
the Government required, not merely the use
of the road, but actual transportation by the
company as a carrier, it also provided f®r com-
pensation to the company. Where the Gov-
ernment was to have only the use of the ease-
ment, the right of passage, it stipulated that
it was to have that easement without charge.
And is it at all reasonable to suppose that the
Government meant that the company should
transport vast armies, with long trains of ord-
nance and munitions of war of every kind and
vast supplies without cost, and yet almost in
the next section take care to provide that for
the inconsiderable service of carrying the Uni-
ted,States mail it should have adequate com-
pensation?
But, sir, there are other means of arriving
at the true construction of the provision con-
tained in section four. We have both antece-
dent and contemporaneous construction. The
term highway in the common law and the cus-
tomary sense means a public road, turnpike,
or thoroughfare. In the absence of statutory
regulation any one may use it free of toll or
charge of any kind. And we find iu the legis-
lative acts establishing turnpikes and canals
almost the identical language contained in the
grant to Illinois for the construction of the Illi-
nois Central railroad.
Now, sir, look at the history of this clause
for free transportation contained in the act
authorizing the building of the road—see where
it come from, and you will find that it was not
inserted in the act because the Government had
granted lands. This right to use the road by
the Government was not given in consideration
for the lands received, but I will prove to you,
sir, that the clause reserving the right of the
Government to use the road free came from
and was copied from an act where no grant of
lands was made. I will now give this history
and will refer to a fact which in the long de-
bates heretofore made has been overlooked,
and which will show unanswerably that the
construction which has been given the clause
under consideration is entirely unwarranted.
Where, then, did this clause come from?
will show you. Here is volume three, United
States Statutes-at-Large, and on page_ G59 I
find the act of March 30, 1822, authorizing the
State of Illinois to open a canal through the
public lands to connect the Illinois river with
Lake Michigan. Now, sir, that act made no
grant of lands whatever except the right of
way and ninety feet on each side of the canal,
but, mark the fact, that it contained this same
clause reserving to the Government the use of
the canal as a public highway for the trans-
portation of Government property without
charge. How, then, can it be said that the
road in consideration of the grant of lands
agreed to this free transportation when in the
act from which the clause is copied there was
no grant of lands whatever? But I proceed
with the history. On the 2d of March, 1827,
Congress passed an additional act in relation
to the canal and donated a large body of land
to aid in its construction, and in this act copied
verbatim the clause contained in the act of
1822, reserving the use of the canal as a pub
lie highway to the Government free of toll or
other charge. Now, sir, there cannot be the
slightest doubt that the late Senator Douglas,
the author of the bill making the grant to the
State in aid of the construction of the Illinois
Central railroad, copied the clause in ques-
tion from the canal grants—making only the
slightest verbal alterations. That there may
be no mistake in this regard, I quote the clause
contained in the canal grants verbatim:
' It is hereby furtherenaeted and declared th at said
canal when completed shall be and forever remain a
public highway for the use of the Government of the
United States free from all toll or othercliargewhat-
ever for any property of theUnitedStates or persons
in their service passing through the same."
The clause in the railroad grant is precisely
the same in meaning and almost identical in
language. Now, sir, that canal was to be made
by the State as a great commercial thorough-
fare connecting the waters of the lakes with the
Father of Waters, to be open as a highway for all
persons and for vessels of private individuals,
and it was never contemplated that the State
should put a single boat or horse or driver
upon it; but the State was to have the right to
collect tolls of all who used it for the purposes
of transportation, and hence the Government
reserved to itself the right to its use as a high-
way for the transportation of Government prop-
erty or of persons in the service of the United
States free of any toll or other charge.
Now, sir, will any one contend that under
such a clause the State of Illinois was to con-
struct canal boats, furnish teams, hands, con-
ductors, and all other employes of the Govern-
ment without charge ? On the other hand, the
Governmentlias not in all the transportation it
has done on the canal duiing the war setup any
such claim against the State or company. Now,
if this was the construction which was given
immemorially to the provision in turnpikes and
canals, and as undoubtedly applicable to all
thoroughfares, by whatwarrantshall wo attempt
to give a different construction in this instance?
Would not such construction be clearly in vio-
lation of that principle of law recognized to be
sound, that where an antecedent statute or pro-
vision of a previous law is carried or adopted
into anew law, it carries into the new law the
same interpretation and construction which was
given to it in the old law?
• It is replied to this view of the case that the
term railroad includes the rolling stock of the
road. This may be the law of the case. Yet
I believe there would be but few purchasers
upon such a principle unless there was distinct
designation of the rolling stock in the deeds of
conveyance, and I know that in all the deeds
and mortgages of railroads with which I am
familiar, there is as much particularity in de-
scribing the rolling stock as the railway itself;
and it is a sufiicient answer to this objection to
say that if the rolling stock is included in the
term railroad it is quite clear that the officers,
conductors, agents, and all the hands are not
so included, and these constitute a large por-
tion of the operative expense of the road. And
yet it is absurdly contended that the Illinois
Central railroad should receive no pay what-
ever for its immense army of employ6s. And
even more than this, it is contended that, al-
though itbecamenecessary for the road, in order
to meet the increased business occasioned by
the war, to purchase at great expense large
additions of rolling stock in the market at large,
and to draw largely and at great expense on
connecting lines of roads, yet all this was to
. be done for the Government free of charge.
' This, indeed, would be a convenient way for a
great Government to draw on private individ-
, uals ad libitum et ad infinitum for material,
' men, and money to carry on a great war.
In the debates heretofore had, it was urged
that Congress could not have meant simply to
give the Government the use of the railroad,
because that would suppose both the Govern-
ment and company to be running their trains
over the road at the same time, which, it was
alleged, is impracticable,because collisions must
necessarily occur. Now, sir, there never was
a greater mistake. The instances are numerous
in which several different companies run their
trains over the-same road without any conflict
whatever. All danger is averted by a simple
arrangement of the time-table'. Not only two.
but a half a dozen roads may run their truiud
over a track common to them all, by arranging
the hours of departure and arrival of each,
respectively, without the least fear of collision.
The reservation of the use of the road by the
Government was entirely consistent with the
use.at the same time by the company.
It is also alleged that the mere right to use the
road by the Government was worth nothing to
it, and why, therefore, provide for its simple
use as a highway? Sir, the best answer to this
would be to suppose that there had been no rail-
road at all from Chicago to Cairo or from Galena
to Cairo, and then ask what price the Govern-
ment would have given for a well-laid track, a
road-bed complete, bridges of solid masonry,
turnouts, depots, warehouses, &c., all ready for
the Government, upon which to put its rolling
stock for the transportation of its troops, sup-
plies, and munitions of war. Inquire how many
million dollars it would have cost the Govern-
ment to have constructed the road-bed of this
road, so indispensable to the succcss of our mil-
itary operations in the Southwest? Why, sir, it
would have cost the Government ten times the
sum it has paid the road for the transportation
of its troops and property. The right to use the
road was a sufficient consideration in itself for
the grant of lands. It must not, however, I re-
peat,, bo understood that the free use of the road
was the consideration the Government was to
receive for the lands. This was not the ease, for
the Government had required this free use of
roads and canals where it gave no lands at all.
The object the Government had in view was to
sell its'lands by doubling the price of there-
served alternate sections, to build the road as
a great commercial and military thoroughfare,
and to promote the prosperity of the country.
It would have reserved the free use of the road
if it had only granted the right of way and no
lands whatever to the company, as it did in the
first eanal bill.
I now come to another point in this ques-
tion, and that point is, that the moneys which
it is proposed to recover from the Illinois Cen-
tral Kailroad Company have been paid to them
in pursuance of a contract in writing entered
into between the Government through the Sec-
retary of War on the one hand, and the com-
pany by its president on the other. It was a
valid contract based upon a valuable consider-
ation, and was a wise and judicious arrange- *
mentof the Government for its great advantage,
if not absolutely necessary under all the cir-
cumstances under which it was made.
Immediately upon the breaking out of the
war in April, 1861, it became necessary for the
Government to commence a heavy transporta-
tion on this road, which increased from month
to month, until the road became almost ex-
clusively the carrier for the Government, to
the exclusion of the regular customers of the
road, and sometimes for months its whole ca-
pacity could not meet the demands of the Gov-
ernment. I am informed that the Government
often issued its orders to the compapy to do no
private carrying for certain length's of time.
Sometimes for months they were thus prohib-
ited from carrying for their customers.
Under these circumstanccs, Mr. Osborn,tne
president, and Mr. Douglas, the attorney of
the road, camc to Washington to effect an ar-
rangement with the authorities as to the terms
on which this transportation was to be made.
They had interviews with the President, Sec-
retary of ^ ar, and Quartermaster Geneial,
and the president and attorney for the road
contended that under the clause in the land
grant as to transportation it was not contem-
plated that the company should furnish rolling
stock, men, and money for transportation ot
Government troops and property, but merely
the use of theroad as a highway. To this view
of-the case the Secretary of War assented, ana
