1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1759
arms in their hands they seized the arsenals
and other public property of the United States,
would they not have been found guilty of trea-
son and hung for treason? And would the fact
that they had acted under color of law, have
afforded them any protection ?
Sir, it is competent, and always competent,
to do through the judicial tribunals all that is
necessary to prevent or suppress a rebellion,
and it is only when the resistance is too formi-
dable to he overcome by the ordinary course of
judicial proceedings that a resort to arms is
justifiable. A nation has no right to go to war
with another nation until it first exhausts all
means of a peaceable solution of the difficulty.
If it can accomplish the end through peaceful
means, it not only has the right, but it is its
bounden duty to do so.
I shall be pardoned, I trust, for reading in
this connection a sentence from the proclama-
tion of Andrew Jackson hurled against the nul-
lification ordinance of South Carolina, which
' undertook to annul the laws of Congress and
set them at defiance, required its officers to
swear allegiance to Carolina and abjure their
allegiance to the United States. Afterreciting
theillegal action ofSouth Carolina, stating what
lier oTdinance was, what it proposed to do, and
what the citizens of Carolina were proposing to
do under color of that authority, General Jack-
son said:
" I consider, then, the power to annul a law of the
United States, assumed by one State, incompatible
with the existence of the Union, contradicted ex-
pressly by the letter of the Constitution, unauthorized
by its spirit, inconsistent with every principle oil
which it was founded, and destructive of the great
object for which it was formed."
The right to punish persons who violate the
laws of the United States cannot be questioned,
and the fact that in doing so they acted under
color of law or usage in any locality affords no
protection, because by the Constitution that
instrument and the laws passed in pursuance
thereof are the supreme law of the land, and
every judge, not only of the United States, but
of every State court, is bound thereby.
But says the President, "I do not apprehend
that the conflicting legislation which the bill
seems to contemplate is so likely to occur as
to render it necessary at this time to adopt a
measure of such doubtful constitutionality."
That statement makes it necessary that I
should advert to the facts and show whether
there is any likelihood of such conflicting legis-
lation ; and my testimony comes from the Pres-
ident himself, or those acting under his author-
ity.
I hold in my hand a communication from Col-
onel Do (.Tress, addressed to General Howard,
and dated at Houston, Texas, December 15,
1865, in which he says:
"I have the honor to respectfully report that in
some portions of this State the negroes are not. yet
tree; that the pass system is still in force, and when
afreedman isfoundatlargewithoutapass lie is taken
up and whipped."
Lieutenant Bldridge, writing to the same offi-
cer, from Vicksburg, Mississippi, on the '28th
of November, 1 -Sij5, says :
"I have the honor to inclose herewith, for your
consideration, the frcedmen's hill, which has just be-
come a Jaw in this State, and would respectfully ask
your attention to the following points therein:
"Section one prohibits the holding, leasing, or
renting of real estate by frecdmcn.'' : ::
"Section four excludes fieedmen from testifying in
cases of whites.
" Section five authorizes mayors and hoards of po-
lice by their solo edict to prevent any freedmen from
doing any independent business, and to compel them
to labor as employes, with no appeal from such de-
cision.
" Section seven gives the power to any white citi-
7011 over the person of afreedman unknown to any
other law, and denies the right of appeal beyond the
county court."
Major General Terry, in an order issued at
Richmond, Virginia, January 24, 18G6, refer-
ring to a statute passed at the present session
of the Legislature of Virginia entitled "A bill
providing for the punishment of vagrants,"
says:
" The ultimate effect of the statute will be to reduce
the lVeedmen to a condition of servitudo worse than
that from which they have been emancipated—a con-
dition which will be slavery in all but its name."
Now, sir^ what becomes of this declaration
that there is no necessity for any measure of
this kind? Here are the laws of Texas, of
Mississippi, of Virginia, to which I have re-
ferred ; and laws equally oppressive exist in
some of the other States. Is there no neces-
sity to protect a freedman, when he is liable
to be whipped if caught away from home ? No
necessity to protect a freedman in his rights,
when he is not permitted to hold or lease a
piece of ground in a State? No necessity to
protect a freedman in his rights, who will be
reduced to a slavery worse than that from which
he has been emancipated if a State statute is
permitted to be carried into effect ? Sir, these
orders emanate and this information comes
from officers acting by presidential authority ;
and yet the President tells us there is no danger
of conflicting legislation.
He says:
" In the next place, this provision of the bill seems
to be unnecessary, as adequate judicial remedies
could be adopted to secure the desired end without
invading the immunities of legislators."
_ Let us sec if they could. If adequate judi-
cial means could be provided without invading
these immunities, why, lot me ask, did ho not
adopt them? Let me read to you, sir, what
was done 'by authority of the President of the
United States in the department of Louisiana.
In a general order issued by Major General
Canby, at New Orleans, on the 12th da\ of
January, 1800, I find this provision. After
referring to the order of General Grant pro-
tecting colored persons from piosecutions in
any of the State courts charged with offenses
for which white persons are not prosecuted or
punished—a similar provision to that contained
in this bill—General Canby says:
"AH piosecutions and suits embraced in"the fore-
going order, pending m any court not of Federal ju-
risdiction, within the limits of this command, will at
once lie discontinued and set aside." ' :-
" Whenever it shall appear that any suit or pro-
ceeding of the character mentioned is pending in a
State court, in violation of this order, district com-
manders are authorized and required to give and
enforce such orders as may bo necessary and proper."
No necessity to interfere with judicial tri-
bunals! Why, then, arc such orders issued?
W hat, did General Terry say in his order? After
stating the effect of the act of the Virginia Le-
gislature, "it is therefore ordered that no ma-
gistrate, civil officer) or other person, shall, in
any way or manner, apply or attempt to apply
the provision of said statute to any colored
person in this department."
Adequate remedy can be provided without
assailing the independence of the judiciary, says
the President; and here wo have samples of
that adequate remedy which is to take the des-
ignated cases from the courts, and imprison the
judges if they disobey orders.
Again, sir, let me refer to another order
issued under presidential authority, dated
headquarters department of South Carolina,
Charleston, January 17, 18G6, and issued by
Major General Sickles. It is a very significant
order;
" All laws shall bo applicable alike to all the in-
habitants/'
That is the very thing that is in this bill. I
wonder it did not occur to the President, when
he approved this order, that Gypsies and Chi-
nese might be protected by it.
"Koperson shall behcldineompctont to sue.mako
complaint, or to testify because of color or cabtc."
Again, sir:
"To secure the earao equal justice and personal
liberty to the freedmen as to other inhabitants, no
penalties or punishments different from those to
which all other persons are amenable, shall be im-
posed on freed people." * «
"All injuries to the person or property committed
by or upon freed persons shall be punished in the
manner provided by the laws of South Carolina for
like injuries to the persons or property of citizens
thereof."
And in a subsequent order issued by G-eneral
Sickles, on the 4th of March, it is provided
that—
" Superior and circuit provost courts will continue
in operation as heretofore, and shall have, asagainst
any and all civil courts, exclusive jurisdiction in all
cases where freedmen and other persons of color arc
directly or indirectly concerned, until such persons
shall be admitted to the State courts as parties and
witnesses, with the same rights and remedies ac-
corded to all other persons."
Why, sir, here are the very provisions of
this bill embodied in military orders issued
under presidential authority. And yet the
President tells us there is no necessity for this
bill.
The President objects to the third section of
the bill that it gives the district courts exclusive
jurisdiction of all crimes and offenses com-
mitted against the act. Well, sir, that is no
new tiling. The United States courts have
always had jurisdiction of crimes and offenses
committed against United States laws. But it
further, as he insists, gives jurisdiction to all
cases affecting persons discriminated against,
as provided in the first and second sections of
the bill; and by a strained construction the
President seeks to divest State courts, not only
of jurisdiction of the particular case where a
party is discriminated against, but of all cases
affecting him or which might affect him. This
is not the meaning of the section. I have al-
ready shown, in commenting on the second
section of the bill, that no person is liable to
its penalties except the one who does an act
which is made penal; that is, deprives another
of some right that he is entitled to, or subjects
him to some punishment that.he ought not to
bear.
So in reference to this third section, the
jurisdiction is given to the Federal courts of
a case affecting the person that is discriminated
against. Now, ho is not necessarily discrimi-
nated against, because there may be a custom
in the community discriminating against him,
nor because a Legislature may have passed a
statute discriminating againsthim ; that statute
is of no validity if it comes in conflict with a
statute of the United States ; and it is not to
be presumed that any judge of a State court
would hold that a statute of a State discrimi-
nating against a person on account of color
was valid when there was a statute of the Uni-
ted States with which it was in direct conflict,
aud the case would not therefore rise in which
a party was discriminated against until it was
tested, and then if the discrimination was held
valid he would have a right to remove it to a
Federal court—or, if undertaking to enforce
his right in a State court he was denied that
right, then he could go into the Federal court;
but it by no means follows that every person
would have a right in the first instance to go
to the Federal court because there was on the
statute-book of the State a law discriminating
against, him, the presumption being that the
judge of the court, when ho came to act upon
the case, would, in obedience to the paramount
law of the United States, hold the State statute
to be invalid.
If it be necessary in order to protect the
freedman in his rights that he should have
authority to go into the Federal courts in all
cases where a custom prevails in a State, or
where there is a statute-law of the State dis-
criminating against him, I think we have the
authority to confer that jurisdiction under the
sccond clause of the constitutional amend-
ment, which authorizes Congress to enforce
by appropriate legislation the article declaring
that " neitlierslaverynorinvoluntaryservitude,
except as a punishment for crime whereof the
party shall have been dnlyconvieted, shall ex-
ist. within the United States or in any place
subject to their jurisdiction." That clause
authorizes us to do whatever is necessary to
protect the freedman in his liberty. The faith
of the nation is bound to dd that; and if it
cannot be done without, would have authority
to allow him to come to the Federal courts in
all cases.
The President objects to the fourth, fifth,
sixth, and seventh sections of the bill because
of the numerous officers and agents who are
authorized to be employed in its execution. I
will not take up the time of the Senate in ex-
amining these various objections in detail.
