1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
695
tee, and the report had been submitted by my
colleague [Mr. Lawrexce, of Ohio,] to the com-
mittee, and had been agreed to by them, I re-
ceived a note from a Mr. Pendleton, \yho resides
in one of these counties, not asking to be heard
before the committee, but stating generally his
reasons for not desiring this action on the part
of Congress. It was not such a letter that I
deemed it called for an answer from me. but a
mere general statement to me of his objections
to this proposed action of Congress. No one
that I can now recall to mind asked of me an
opportunity to appear before the committee,
either asking it in person or by letter. If any
such letters have been written, they have failed
to reach me.
• Mr. DAWES. One of the gentlemen told
me that he had written such a letter.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I can only say that
if any such letters have been written to the
chairman of the committee, they have failed to
reach him.
Mr. DAWES. That is sufficient for my pur-
pose ; 1 only wish to have it appear in the Globe
that these letters were not received.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. It may have been
owing to the fact that that region of country is
now in such a disturbed condition that the mails
are irregular.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I have been
interrupted so often that I am scarcely able to
follow the line of argument that I was pursuing,
though I had not exjoected to discuss this sub-
ject at all; and only after I heard the remarks
of the gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Roo-
ep.s] did 1 intend to speak at all. But I hope I
shall be able to present this matter so that it
will be understood by the House.
I will again state, and briefly, the position
which I take in this matter. The consent of
the old State of Virginia was given for the
transfer of these counties' of Berkeley and Jef-
ferson to the State of West Virginia, and that
transfer was accepted by West Virginia. The
consent of Virginia was given by an act of her !
Legislature, authorizing a vote of the people,
of those counties to be taken. Thnt vote was
taken, and it resulted in favor of the transfer.
Now, I maintain that Virginia could not with-
draw her consent after once having given it,
and that especially she could not withdraw it
by any act passed by herpresent so-called Legis-
lature. And this is the third ground I proposed
to assign. She could not withdraw it for the
reason that once having given it, and the State
of West Virginia having accepted the tranter,
the old State of Virginia could not. as a matter j
of good faith, and as a matter ot law, now with- ]
draw her consent; for a grant by one State 1
having been accepted and acted upon by an- !
other becomes irrevocable, unless Congress ;
interpose to object to it. As between the States ,
the grant is at once operative, since they have
performed all the Constitution requires of them ]
to perfect the transfer. Congress may object, :
but the States may not. and Congress has not
objected, nor yet suffered an unreasonable time i
to elapse before acting on it.
Besides, she cannot withdraw her consent by
the act which her so-called Legislature assumed
to pass since the commencement of this ses-
sion of Congress, for the reason that this Con- I
gross has refused to recognize the existing gov- '
eminent of Virginia as a lawful government. I
Why. sir, at the commencement of this session j
we refused to admit gentlemen claiming seats j
as Representatives from that district ofcoun-
try now called the State of Virginia. We have i
uniformly refused to recognize the existence j
of any valid legislative body or ot any existing j
State government in the State of Virginia. It j
is a matter of historical notoriety that her pros- j
ent Legislature is assembled in direct violation |
of her own constitution; that its members have |
failed to take the oath presciibed by her own :
laws; that the number of the members has been j
increased in utter violation and contempt of
her own constitution; that the existing body
called the Legislature of Virginia is not a legal
body at all; and Virginia though having a State
government cit facto is without any valid or
constitutional State government to-day. There-
fore that Legislature could not by any act with-
draw the assent of the State of Virginia, pre-
viously given by a legislative body which was
recognized as a lawful body.
I have already, Mr. Speaker, attempted to
demonstrate, by a reference to a clause of the
constitution of West Virginia, that Congress has
already assented to the transfer of these coun-
ties. My 'argument, it seems, was not quite
satisfactory to the distinguished gentleman from
Massachusetts. [Mr. Dawes.] I will not re-
peat the argument on that subject, contained
in the report of the Judiciary Committee, but
I invito the attention of the "House to that, as
it embodies my views, and which I regard as con-
clusive.
But, sir, Congress has. by other means, given
its assent to the transfer of these counties. And
how? Why, sir, the gentleman from New Jer-
sey [Mr. RoOEits] was pleased to read to this
House an extract from a report made by the
Committee of Elections, February 8, 1861, in
the case of McKcnzie vs. Kitchen. lie evi-
dently examined that report somewhat hastily,
for he failed to read the following very material
portion of it:
"Itmavnot be improper to call attention to the
fact that while the whole number ot votes east was
two thousand and iifly-ninc, only nine hundred and
sixty-pro of the-e were east 1'or 31 r. Kitchcn: and
that of those seven huinh ed and thirty were cast iu
the county of Bei keley, where Mr. Kitchen now re-
sides, a county which, on the same clay that the^e
votes were cast, voted ah'o unammou.-uy to attach
itself to West Virginia, and which has, so far as the
Legislature of both State? can ctic.i it, been made a
part of the new State, and separated trom this district
altogether.1'
This vote was followed by a surrender of juris-
diction over these comities by Virginia and an
assumption of jursdicrion complete and exclu-
sive by West Virginia, continued uninterrupt-
edly from that day to this.
Mr. Speaker, Congress has by other means
recognized these counties as constituting a part
of West Virginia. On diis floor archer Repre-
sentatives. one of whom comes here with a cer-
tificate declaring that he was elected in the
district composed in part of the counties of
Berkeley and Jefferson. He has been admitted
to a scat here as a Representative from that dis-
trict. That is a recognition by this House at
least of the l'act that these two counties consti-
tute a part of the State of West Virginia.
Those counties are represented, too, in the
Legislature of West Virginia, and they arc not.
represented in the so-called Legislature of Vir-
ginia. That bodynow siitingnt Richmonddoes
not claim to cxcrcise jurisdiction over these two
conntics.
Mr. ROGERS. The gentleman will permit
me to say that the Legislature of old \ irginia
does claim jurisdiction over those (wo counties,
and they are both represented in that body.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I have not so
understood.
Mr. ROGERS. The new constitution of old !
Virginia was adopted in 1864. and these conn- !
ties, along with the county of Frederick, were
constituted a judicial district, and to each one
of tliem were apportioned two delegates in
the Legislature of Virginia. By an act of the
Legislature, of 1804. they are made a part of
the eighth congressional district: and each
county is now represented in that Legislature
bv two members.
'Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. Can
the gentleman Lom NewJercoy tell me the
names of those members ? ,
Mr. ROGERS. I cannot.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. Can he
tell me when those members were elected''
Mr. ROGERS. No, sir. They attempted j
to hold an election about a year ago, but Gov-
ernor Peirpoint sent an army to prevent them. j
They have since held an election under the
new constitution. They voted for the new
constitution.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Then I am cor-
rect : neither of those counties are represented
in that body sitting at Richmond, known as the
Legislature. No elections have been held there.
So far from it, those counties have been recog-
nized as part of West Virginia by the national
Government, and a military force has been sent
out by command of the President to prevent
the authority-, of Virginia from having any con-
trol over them whatever.
Mr. Speaker, I have briefly answered the
several grounds of objection which I under-
stand have been taken by my colleague on the
Judiciary Committee. I wish now to make a
single remark in answer to what was said by
the distinguished gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Kellf.y.] He said, if I understood
him correctly, that the new State government
set up in Virginia under Governor Peirpoint.
in 1801. derived its validity from the fact that
it was admitted as a new State in the Union,
and not because government was thereby guar-
antied to an existing geographical State of the
Union, and that West Virginia was admitted as
a new State and derived no validity from the
consent given to its erection by the'Peirpoint
new State government of Virginia.
Mr. IvELLEY. 1 do not know whether I
made myself understood. I wanted to state
the proposition that some of the members of
Congress who voted to admit West Virginia
excluded as far as they could the conclusion
that they voted for it upon the ground that
the State of Virginia had given its assent. I
was of that number. We bciieved the State of
Virginia had been overthrown ; that the terri-
tory belonged to the United States; that the peo-
ple on it owed allegiance to whatever govern-
ment was administered by the United States;
that these were in the Union while the consti-
tution of Virginia had been overthrown; that
therefore the territory which had been known
as the. State of Virginia was mere territory which
the Congress of the United States was bound
to provide with government as fast as the ar-
mies of the United States could bring it under
the control of the Federal Government, and
they consented to admit. West Virginia as a new
State into the Union, as they would admit a new
State made out of the counties of old Virginia
and the border States.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Even without
the consent of Virginia?
Mr. KELLEY. There was nowhere any State
of Virginia to consent: it had been overthrown.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Well, Mr.
Speaker, although it is not material to the
question before the House, I will briefly state
mv position on that subject. I maintain that
the original lawful Slate government of old
Virginia was overthrown by the rebellion, but
that the geographical State of Virginia and
the population of Virginia all remained in the
Union 1 maintain that it then became the
duty of Congress to guaranty to the geograph-
ical Rtnte a government republican in form;
that Congress did it; that when the Peirpoint
government was first set. up in Virginia it be-
came the de jure government of Virginia, and
was recognizcd as republican in form, and had
then the capacity to consent to the erection of
tho new Slate of West Virginia; that it did
consent to the erection of the new State of West
Virginia, and there became then two States in
the territory formerly of Virginia—the State of
Virginia and the State of West Virginia. I
hold that since thai time the government of old
Virginia, \\hich had been set up under Gov-
ernor Peirpoint a5- a new State government, has
ceased to be side jure government, but the geo-
graphical State of Virginia a« it exists after the
erection of West Virginia still lives in the Union,
and her people are in the Union : that they
have simply a de facto government; that, it is
not a government dr. jure, and because it is not
a government de jure this legislative body of
Richmond had no authority by the passage of
an act to withdraw consent which the prior de
jure government of Virginia liad given to the
transfer of these two counties from old Virginia
to West Virginia. That is my idea of the
matter.
I have, occupied more time than I ought to
have done in answering my colleague on the
committee. I have answered every objection
