3680
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
ator from Oregon, [Mr. nesmith,] the wor'ds
'' and privates who have served three years and
been honorably discharged shall upon like oc-
casions be entitled to the honorary rank of first
lieutenant and wear the uniform of that grade,
and at the expiration of five years from the 9 th
of April, 1865, they shall be entitled to the
honorary rank of captain." I will simply ask
Senators, why should a distinction be made in
favor of officers and no like discrimination in
favor of privates who did the service and fought
the battles? I ask for the yeas and nays on
this amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. RAMSEY. I can see no sufficient reason
why there should be a discrimination against
the privates. They really did the fighting in
all our battles. If special honors are to be
showered upon the officers, to which I have no
objection, why make a discrimination against
the privates ? I hope it will not go out from
this Senate Chamber that there is that kind
of indifference to their credit, reputation, and
honor hereafter. It costs nothing; it is a mere
empty honor, if you please to say so. If you
are to shower honors upon officers who have
already all places conferred upon them in the
civil, probably, as well as the military service,
I cannot see any reason why this little honor
should not be paid to the privates. In the
French service almost every officer and private
has a red ribbon bestowed upon him. Why
should not the privates here have this little
honor conferred upon them?
Mr. WILSON. The amendment adopted on
the motion of the Senator from Oregon pro-
vides simply that officers of the regular Army
who have served with volunteers shall, on oc-
casions of ceremony, have the rank they had
among the volunteers.
Mr. NYE. This extends the same to the
privates.
Mr. WILSON". This does not apply to vol-
unteers; there is not a volunteer in the coun-
try concerucd in it. It is a proposition that the
rank and file of the regular Army who have
served throe years shall on all occasions of cer-
emony be first lieutenants.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 ask that the amendment
be read agai n. I think that the Senator from
Massachusetts is entirely mistaken about it.
The Secretary read Mr. iumsey's amend-
ment.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts is surely mistaken.
Mr. WILSON. Certainly not. It says "pri-
vates." Privates of what? Privates of the
regular Army.
Mr. CONNESS. Every private who has
served three years in the Army.
Mr. WILSON. We arc dealing with pri-
vates of the regular Army, not volunteers.
Mr. CONNESS. It can be amended so as
to read "privates of the regular and volunteer
services."
Mr. WADE. Without this provision what is
thereto prevent the privates from assuming just
such characters as they please on occasions of
ceremony, and taking the title of majors if they
see fit ?
Sir. NYE. There is a penalty.
Mr. WADE. I do not think there is.
Mr. NESMITH. So far as this is appli-
cable to the regular Army I fear there may be
some difficulty about it. On an occasion of
ceremony in a year or two all the privates would
be captains, and the lieutenants remaining lieu-
tenants, the captains would have the right to
command. Thus the privates might command
the company. It would create a great deal of
embarrassment to make eighty captains in a
company commanding two or three officers.
Mr. CONNESS. It is quite apparent that
the members of the Senate who belong to the
Committee on Military Affairs do not under-
stand this amendment. I think it is easily
understood, and I must say that the Senator
who has given it existence simply proves to the
country that he is not unmindful of the great
services the brave private soldiers have ren-
dered to the country.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 15, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Conness, Cragin, Grimes,
Hendricks, Howard, Howe, Lane of Indiana, Nor-
ton, Eye, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sprague, Stewart, and
"Wade—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Clark, Davis, Doolittle,
Fessenden, Foster, Guthrie, Harris, Henderson, J ohn-
son, Morgan, Nesmith, Kiddle, Salisbury, Sumner,
Trumbull, "Van "Winkle, Willey, "Williams, and Wil-
son—20.
ABSENT—Messrs. Buckalew, Chandler, Cowan,
Creswell, Dixon, Edmunds, Kirkwood, Lane of Kan-
sas, MeDougall, Morrill, Poland, Sherman, Wright,
and Yates—14.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I shall vote against
this bill. I shall not take up the time of the
Senate by calling for the yeas and nays, but I
wish to put myself on the record as opposed to
it. It increases the regular Army but very little.
It has been, I am told, about forty-eight thou-
sand. This bill increases the privates but very
little but increases the officers most wonder-
fully and increases the expenses of the Govern-
ment.
The bill was passed.
order of business.
Mr. CLARK. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill in regard
to the repairing and reconstruction of the levees
of the Mississippi.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We want to get up an-
other bill. We will not delay your bill but a
little while.
Mr. BROWN. I think it is unfair to take
up the bill at the end of the day's session.
Mr. CLARK. I hope it will come up at the
present time. You will not be in the way of
anybody to-morrow.
Mr. HOWE rose.
Mr. BROWN. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. HOWE. I appeal to the Senator from
New Hampshire. Here is the bill for the con-
struction of a canal around the falls of Niag-
ara which has been before the Senate; the
amendments are nearly concluded, and I do
think that the Senator's bill which lias recently
been introduced ought not to press in ahead
of this.
Mr. CLARK. I know very well that the bill
which the Senator speaks of has been several
times before the Senate, and I want him to give
me a little opportunity to dispose of this bill ;
and if I am very much in the way, I will get
out of the way if he will give me half as much
time as he has had.
Mr. HOWE. I am not sure the Senator will
ever get out of my way. [Laughter.]
Jtlr. CLARK. I am eager to get out of your
way if you give me half the time you had.
[Laughter. ]
Mr. BROWN. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. CLARK. _ I hope the Senate will allow
me to take up this bill.
Mr. BROWN. I do not want to take it up
now; that is the reason why I want to adjourn.
The question being put the Senate refused to
adjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from New
Hampshire that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of the bill named by him.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 13, noes 4; no quorum voting.
Mr. HENDERSON. Now I move that the
Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Moxday, July 9, I860.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyntcw.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
leave or absence.
Mr. ORTH asked and obtained leave of ab-
sence for the remainder of the session for Mr.
Stilwell and Mr. Ctjllom.
ORDER or business.
The SPEAKER announced, as the first bus-
iness in order, the call of committees for re;
ports, to go upon the Calendar and not to be
brought back by a motion to reconsider.
No reports were presented.
The SPEAKER announced, as the next
business in order, the call of States for resolu-
tions, and for bills on leave, commencing with
the State of New Hampshire, where the call
was interrupted last Monday by the expiration
of the morning hour.
land grant for female colleges.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut, submitted
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands bo
instructed to inquire into the expediency of a dona-
tion of lands by Congress for the endowment of
femalecolleges in the several States.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut, also pre-
sented the following resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Connecticut; which were referred to
the Committee on Public Lands and ordered
to be printed : "
General Assembly, State of Connecticut,
May Session, 1866.
Resolved bit this Assembly, That our Senators and
Representatives in Congress be, and hereby are, re-
quested to use their influence to procure a donation of
lands by Congress to endow female colleges in thesev-
eralStates.
Resolved, That his Excellency the Governor be, and
is hereby, requested to transmit a copy of this resolu-
tion to each of our Senators and Kepresentatives in
Congress.
Approved May 23,1866.
trade with british provinces.
Mr. HUMPHREY submitted the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
requested to communicate to this House at its next
session a statement of the revenue, trade, and com-
merce of the United States with the British Provinces
since the abrogation of the reciprocity treaty, and any
changes in Canadian tariff regulations, and also the
comparative importance of Canadian and American
commercial channels of transportation of property to
andlrom thoWestto the sea-board, as shown by their
returns, together with such other information as may
be in Ins possession at thattime, to assist in correctly
estimating the relations and value of the trade and
commerce of the Biitish Provinces to the trade and
productions of the United States.
remonstrance against tariff bill.
Mr. DODGE presented the following remon-
strance of the New York Chamber of Commerce
against the passage of the tariff bill now pend-
ing in the House; which was referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means and ordered
to be printed:
Chamber of Commerce
Of the State of New York,
New York, July 5,1866.
To the honorable the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States in Congress assembled :
The Chamber of Commerce of the State of New
York respectfully remonstrates against the passage
of the bill now before the House of Representatb es
entitled "A bill to provide increased revenue from
imports, and for other purposesand asks leave to
submit for the consideration of Congress the follow-
ing objections thereto:
In the first place the title of the bill is misleading.
The enhanced duties it propose^ being, in many ea^es,
so high thattheymustprove prohibitive, its adoption
could not fail to diminish rather than increase the
revenue from imports. The proposed enhancement
of duties is chiefly, if not altogether, on imported arti-
cles which come directly in competition with similar
domestic products, such, for example, as iron, wool,
woolens, worsteds, linens, and cigars. These are all
leading articles in our import trade, and no one
familiar with that trade can doubt that the exorbi-
tant duties which this bill proposes to subject them
to would greatly diminish their import, and thereby
lessen the revenue of the Government. It appears to
your remonstrants impolitic to lessen the gold reve-
nue of the Government at a time when its gold lia-
bilities are increasing; and it seems especially im-
politic to do so coincidently with tho abandonment
of many of the exibting sources of internal revenue.
There is reason to apprehend that the joint effect of
the two measures might so reduce the revenue of tho
Government as to leave the aggregate insufficient to
meet its current expenses and maturing intorest, and
thus weaken the public credit.
But your remonstrants object to this measure on
other and broader grounds. They believe its adop-
tion would prove injurious to every interest affected
by it. It would be specially injurious to commerce
