mo
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
This is the character of all of them. Bat, sir,
all those provisions of the bill are copied from
the statute of 1850, known as the " fugitive
slave act," for which Andrew Johnson voted.
That act has been repeatedly held by the courts
to be constitutional. I know some object to
using its machinery even in the interests of
freedom. But it was because of the uses and
purpose^ to which that act was applied that it
was infamous. When you come to use the
same machinery, not for the purpose of redu-
cing to bondage and keeping in slaveryhuman
beings, but for the purpose of liberating and
protecting them, it is a very different thing.
As well might our brave soldiers, when they
routed the rebel armies, have objected to using
in the country's cause the weapons which they
wrested from rebel hands.
The eighth and ninth sections of the bill
which authorize the President to require a court
to be held in any portion of the district where
a court may be necessary to punish offenses
tinder this act, and to use the Army and Navy
to prevent its violation, are also objected to, but
both those sections are copied from an act
passed March 10, 1838, which was approved
by Mr. Van Buren, and when he did so I pre-
sume it never occurred to him that these sec-
tions were specially designed for colored per-
sons, or to keep up a permanent military force
whose only business it should be to enforce
the act.
Mr. President, I have now gone through this
veto message, replying with what patience I
could command to its various objections to the
bill. Would that I could stop here, thatthere
was no occasion to go further ; but justice to
myself, justice to the State whose representative
I am, justice to the people of the whole coun-
try, in legislation for whose behalf I am called
to participate, justice to the Constitution I am
sworn to support, justice to the rights of Amer-
ican citizenship it secures, and to human lib-
erty, now imperiled, requires me to go further.
Gladly would I refrain from speaking of the
spirit of this message, of the dangerous doc-
trinesitpromnlgates, of'the inconsistencies and
contradictions of its author, of his encroach-
ments upon the constitutional rights of Con-
gress, of his assumption of unwarranted powers,
which, if persevered in and not cheeked by the
people, muse eventually lead to a subversion of
the Government and the destruction of liberty.
Congress, in the passage of the bill under
consideration, sought no controversy with the
President. So far from it, the bill was pro-
posed with a view to carry out what were sup-
posed to be the views of the President, and was
submitted to him before its introduction into
the Senate. I am not about to relate private
declarations of the President, but it is right that
the American people should know that the con-
troversy which exists between him and Congress
in reference to this measure is of his own seek-
ing. Soon after Congress met it became ap-
parent that there was a difference of opinion
between the President and some members of
Congress in regard to the condition of the re-
bellious States, and the rights to be secured to
freed men. .
The President in his annual message had
denied the constitutional power of the General
Government to extend the elective franchise to
negroes, but he was equally decided in the as-
sertion of the right of every man to life, liberty,
and the pursuit of happiness. This was his
language:
"But while T have no doubt that now, after the
close of the war, it ii? not competent for the General
Government to extend the elective franchise in the
several States, it is .equally clear that good faitli re-
quires the security of the ireediuen in their liberty
and their property."
There were some members of Congress who
expressed the opinion that in the reorganiza-
tion of the rebellious States the right of suf-
frage should be extended to the colored man,
though this was not the prevailing sentiment
of Congress. All were anxious for a reorgan-
ization of the rebellious States and their ad-
mission to full participation in the Federal
Government as soon as these relations could
be restored with safety to all concerned.^ Feel-
ing the importance of harmonious action be-
tween the different departments of the Govern-
ment, and an anxious desire to sustain^ the
President, for whom I had always entertained
the highest respect, I had frequent interviews
with him during the early part of the session.
Without mentioning anything said by him, I
may with propriety state that, acting from the
considerations I have staled, and believing that
the passage of a law by Congress, securing
equality in civil rights when denied by State
authorities to freedmen and all other inhabit-
ants of the United States, would dp much to
relieve anxiety in the North, to induce the
southern States to secure these rights by their
own action, and thereby remove many of the
obstacles to an early reconstruction, I pre-
pared the bill substantially as it is now returned
with the President's objections. After the bill
was introduced and printed a copy was fur-
nished him, and at a subsequent period, when
it was reported that he was hesitating about
signing the Freedmen's Bureau bill, he was
informed of the condition of the civil rights
bill then pending in the House, and a hope ex-
pressed that if he had objections to any of its
provisions he would make them known to its
friends, that they might be remedied, if not
destructive of the measure; that there was be-
lieved to be no disposition on the part of Con-
gress, and certainly none on my part, to have
bills presented to him which he could not ap-
prove. He never indicated to me, nor, so far as I
know, to any of its friends, the least objection
to any of the provisions of the bill till after its
passage. And how could he, consistently with
himself? The bill was framed, as was supposed,
in entire harmony with his views, and certainly
in harmony with what he was then and has since
been doing in protecting freedmen in their civil
rights all through the rebellious States. It was
strictly limited to the protection of the civil
rights belonging to every freeman, the birth-
right of every American citizen, and carefully
avoided conferring or interfering with political
rights or privileges of any kind.
The bill neither confers nor abridges the
rights of any one, but simply declares that in
civil rights there shall be an equality among
all classes of citizens, and that ail alike shall
be subject to the same punishment. Each State,
so that it does not abridge the great fundamental
rights belonging, under the Constitution, to all
citizens, may grant or withhold such civil rights
as it pleases ; all that, is required is that, in this
respect, its laws shall be impartial.
And yet this is the bill now returned with the
President's objections, and such objections!
What are they? That—
"In all our history, in all our experieneoas apeople,
living under Federal and State laws, no such system
as that contemplated by the details of this bill has
ever before been proposed or adopted."
Have I not already shown in the action of the
President himself, through General Sickles,
declaring that "all laws shall be applicable
alike to all inhabitants," and in various acts
of Congress, a precedent for every provision
of this bill?
"The details of the bill," says the Pres-
ident, "establish for the security of the colored
race safeguards which go infinitely beyond any
that the General Government has ever provided
for the white race."
With what truth this can be said of a bill
which declares that the civil rights and the
punishment of all races, including, of course,
the colored, shall be the same as those "of
white persons," letan intelligent public judge.
"They," [the details,! says the President, "inter-
fere with the municipal legislation of the States,
with the relations existing exclusively between a
State an,d its citizens, or between inhabitants of the
same State, an absorption and assumption of power
by the General Government which, if acquiesced in,
must sap and destroy our federative system of lim-
ited powers, and break down the barriers which pre-
serve the rights of the States. It is another step, or
rather stride, toward centralization and the concen-
tration of all legislative powers in the national Gov-
ernment."
All this is said by a President who, by his
own fiat, issued through General Howard, set
aside an act of the Legislature of Mississippi,
and by another order, through General Terry,
an act of the Virginia Legislature, and forbade
any magistrate or civil officer from attempting
to execute it; who, through General Canby,
ordered the State courts in his department to
suspend all suits against persons charged with
offenses for which white persons were not pun-
ished, and we all know the penalty which would
have been visited upon State judges or officials
for violations of any of these orders-; a Presi-
dent who, after vetoing a provision of the
Freedmen's Bureau bill because it secured to
occupants the land which was in their posses-
sion under Major General Sherman's order for
the limited period of three years, himself issued
an order within less than thirty days after-
ward, through H. W. Smith, assistant adjutant
general, declaring that "grants of land to the
freed people in compliance with General Sher-
man's Special Field Order, No. 15, dated Jan-
uary 16, 1865, will be regarded as good and
valid."
Well may we exclaim, in view of these acts
of the President, in language which he quoted
when discussing a veto of President Buchanan,
"0 consistency! thou art a jewel much to be
admired, but rarely to be found."
In view of these facts, who is it that is break-
ing down the barriers of the States, and making
strides toward centralization? Is it Congress,
by the passage of this bill, or the President,
who, without law, is arrogating to himself far
greater powers than any conferred by this bill?
Let it not be said that the President exercises
these vast powers by virtue of the war power.
He told us in his annual message that the war
was over, and whether over ornot, no incidental
powers are vested by the Constitution in the
President, either as President or Conmander-
in-Chief of the Army. That instrument gives
Congress power to—
"Make all laws necessary and proper for carrying
into execution" * * * "all powers
vested by the Constitution in the Government of the
United States or in any department or officer thereof."
The President is required in carrying out his
powers to act in obedience to law—the very
thing which he refuses to do..
He says "the tendency of this bill must be to
resuscitate the spiritof the rebellion." What
assumption in one who denies the authority to
punish those who violate United States laws
under color of State authority—a doctrine from
which the rebellion sprung, and in entire har-
mony with the declaration of Mr. Buchanan,
thatthere was no power to coerce a State. But,
sir, out of the mouth of Senator Andrew John-
son I will prove that President Andrew John-
son has violated the spirit of the Constitution,
if not its letter, in vetoing this bill. It will be
remembered that the bill passed both Houses
of Congress by more than a two-thirds major-
ity, the vote in the Senate being, yeas 33 to
nays 12, and, in the House, yeas 111, nays 38.
I will read from the remarks of Senator An-
drew Johnson on the veto of the homestead
bill by Mr. Buchanan :
"The President of the United States premmes—
yes, sir, X say presumes—to dictatc to the American
people and tothetwo Housesof Con?re5<?. in violation
of the spirit, if not the letter, of the Constitution,
that this measure shall not become a law. Why do I
saythif^? I ask, is there any difference in the spirit
of the Constitution whether a measure is sanctioned
by a two-thirds vote before its parage or afterward ?
V/hen a measure has been vetoed by the President,
the Constitution requires that itshnll he reconsidered
and passed by a two-third? vote in order to bccoinea
law. But here,in the teeth of the Executive, there
was a two-thirds vote in favor of this bill. The vote
was 30 to 2 in this body. The two Houses have said
that this bill is constitutional and right. Tn the other
House, reflecting the popular sentiment of the nation,
the vote was 112 to 51—ten more than the two-thirda
majoritywhich the Constitution requires; and when
there is a two-thirds vote for a measure, I say it is
against the spirit of the Constitution for the Exec-
utive to say, '2vo, you shall not have this measure;
I will takeall the chances of vetoing it.'"
Apply this language to the facts connected
with this bill, and then say who has violated
the spirit of the Constitution.
