1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8681
by diverting it from its established channels, hy less-
ening our foreign trade, and by leaving our large
mercantile marine without adequate or profitable
employment, It would mar the prosperity of agri-
culture by increasing the cost of its supplies without
enhancing the prices of its products, which nie gov-
erned, as are.those of ail exportable commodities, by
the foreign market value. It would injure mechan-
ics by increasing the cost of living without enhan-
cing wages. And finally, through its exorbitant
protection, it would endanger the permanent pros-
perity of the manufacturing interest itself, which it
is specially intended to protect and foster. It pro-
poses to increase that protection by adding from ten
to fifty per cent, to the present high rates~of duty at
the moment when the amended internal revenue
laws relieve that interest from a heavy exeise tax.
The joint effect of the two measures will be to confer
on that interest a rate of protection ranging from
fifty to one hundred per cent.; and this protection
will be absolute with the excise taxes annulled, and
the premium on exchange and on gold to pay duties
compensating the manufacturers for the adverse
effects of the depreciated currency.
This degree of protection boing at least twice as
large as that interest has hitherto enjoyed under the
revenue laws most favorable to it, we may expect to
see it engender a home competition which will ulti-
mately prove fatal to its prosperity. We may also
expect to s6e the people soon Become so restive un-
der this unwarrantable boon conferred on a favored
interest as to demand its repeal, and the substitution
of a taiiff strictly grounded on the principle of reve-
nue. This, combined with the effects of home com-
petition, would be liable to involve the manufactur-
ing interests of our country in general bankruptcy.
For these reasons your remonstrants respectfully
ask that the bill may not become a law.
A. A. LOW, President.
Attest: * -
rT a i John Austin Stevens, Jr.,
* Secretary.
courts of the united states.
Mr. MORRIS introduced a bill to amend an
act entitled u An act to establish the judicial
courts of the United States,'7 approved Sep-
tember 24, 1789 j which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
assistants in house folding-boom.
Mr. NEWELL submitted the following reso-
lution } which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Accounts be re-
quested to inquire into the propriety of increasing
the salaries of the assistants in the folding-room
whose pay has not been increased during the pres-
ent session to a sum e<iual to that recently given to
other officers employed in similar duties in that de-
partment.
time for meeting of congress-
.Mr. SCOFIELD introduced a bill to change
the time for the annual meeting of Oongress|f
from the first Monday of December to the first
Monday in November; which was read a first
and second time and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
a. w. fleming.
Mr. COFFROTH introduced a bill for the
relief of A. W. Fleming; which was read a
first and second time and referred to the
Gommifetee on Invalid Pensions.
john gordon.
Mr. MILLER submitted the following reso-
lution: t
Resolved, That the salary of John Q-ordon, princi-
pal messenger to the Postmaster General, be, and is
herebj', raised to $1,200 per annum.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
to the gentleman that the salary of a messenger
in one of the Departments cannot be increased
by a resolution of this House.
Mr. MILLER. I withdraw the resolution.
Bancroft's memorial address.
Mr. MILLER submitted the following reso-
lution:
Whereas, under instruction of the Committee on
Printing, but one hundred copies were allowed to '
each member of this House of the able memorial j
address of Hon. George Bancroft on the life and char- j
acter of our late much esteemed and lamented Pres- i
ident, Abraham Lincoln; and whereas the number of
copies so furnished is entirely inadequate for any-
thing like a fair distribution of such a valuable pro-
duction: Therefore, . .
Resolved. That the Committee on Printing be, and
are hereby, authorized and required to cause to be
printed such additional number of copies as will allow
to each member two hundred more for distribution.
Mr. .WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suppose
39tii Oonr:. 1st Se?s.—No. 231.
this resolutioa must go to the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. MILLER. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. HALE. I ipake the point of order that
the resolution under the law must be referred
to the Committee on Printing. The resolution
instructs the committee to report in favor of
printing a certain number of copies.
Mr. ROSS. 'I would like to amend the resolu-
tion so as to provide for printing Agricultural
Reports instead.
TheSPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York is right, and the Chair holds that the
"resolution must, under the law, be referred
to the Committee on Printing, although it is
mandatory.
Mr. MORRILL. „ If the previous question
be not seconded, cannot the resolution be re-
jected9 *
The SPEAKER. Under the law (Statntes-
at-Large, volume ten, page 34) "all motions
to print extra copies of any report, bill, or other
document shall be referred to the members of
the Committee on Printing from the House in
which the same maybe made." The committee
have full jurisdiction of the resolution irrespect-
ive of the Manual.
The resolution was referred accordingly.
receipts and expenditures of government.
Mr. MILLER submitted the following reso-
•lution:
Resolved, That the Secretary*6f tho Treasury be.
and is hereby, respectfully requested to furnish this
House with a statement of tho receipts and expendi-
tures of the Government for the fiscal year ending the
30th of June, 1865.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
strike out "respectfully requested" and to use
the proper word, "directed."
The amendment was agreed to; and the res-
olution, as amended, was adopted.
moore and lad031u8.
Mr. MYERS introduced a bill for the relief
of Moore & Ladomus, of Philadelphia; which
was read a first and second time 'and referred
to the Committee for the District of Columbia.
ira g. robertson."
Mr. FARQUIIAR introduced a joint reso-
lution for the relief of Ira G. Robertson, of
Indianapolis, Indiana; which was read a first
and second time and referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims.
rations issued by the government.
Mr. BROMWELL submitted the following
resolution, and demanded the previous ques-
tion on its adoption:
Jiesolved, That the .Secretary of War bo. and is
hereby, requested to communicate to this House the
whole number of rations issued under direction of the
War Department from the beginning of the late war
hitherto to persons not belonging to tho Army, show-
ing the number of rations issued to white persons,
and the number issued to colored persons in each
year, and also the cost of rations issued to each class
of persons respectively.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It will
require a great amount of labor to answer that
resolution. I hope my colleague wjll let it be
referred to the Committee 011 Military Affairs.
Mr. BROMWELL. I prefer to have it acted
on now.
The House divided on seconding the demand
for the previous question; and there were—
aves 80, noes 16: 110 quorum voting.
"The SPEAKER, under the rules, ordered
tellers, and appointed Mr. Bromwell, and Mr.
Washburxe ot'Illinois.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 50, noes 47.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered.
The question being taken on agreeing to the
resolution, it was decided in the affirmative—
yeas Gf>, nays 49, not voting 68: as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aneonn., Anderson. James31. Ash-
ley, Baker, Benjamin, Bidwell, Bingham. Boutwell,
Boyer, Bromwell, Buckland, Reader W. Clarke, Sid-
neyClarke. Cobb.Coffroth, Cook. Defrees, Eggleston,
Eldridge, Eliot, Knelt, Glossbrenner, Grider, Aaron
Harding, Haves, Higby. Chester D. Hubbard, John
H. Hubbard, James R. Habbell, Humphrey, Inger-
soll, Johnson, Julian, Kelley, Kelso, Kerr, Le Blond,
Marston, McCIurK, McCallough, McKee, Mereur,
Moulton, Myers. Niblaek, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Price,
William H. Randall, Ritter, Sogers, Ross, Sawyer,
Shanklin, St,rouse, Taber, Taylor, John 1. Thomas;
Thornton, Trimble, Robert T. Van Horn,Wentworth,
Williams, and James F. Wilson—65. -
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Baldwin,
Baxter, Dawes, Dawson, Deming, Dixon, Dodge, Eck-
ley, Fartjuhar, Ferry, Grinnell, Oris wold, Hale, Abner
C. Harding, Hart, Henderson, Holmes, Hulburd, Kas-
son, Keteham, Laflin, Latham, George V. Lawrence,
William Lawrence, MeRuer, Miller, Moorhead, Mor-
rill, Morris, Plants, Alexander II. Rice, John H, Rice,
Rollins, Scofleld, Shellabarger, Spalding, Stevens,
Thayer, Trowbridge, Van Acrnarn, Burt Van Horn,
ElihuB. AVashbume, Henry D. Washburn, William
B. Washburn, Windom, and Woodbridge—49.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Delos R. Ashley, Banks,
Barker, Beaman, Bergen, Blaine, Blow Brandegee,
BroomalI,Buiidy,Chanler, Conkling, Cullorn, Culver,
Darling, Davis, Delano, Denison, Donnelly, Drig^s,
Dumont, Farnsworth, Garfield, Goodyear, Harris,
H-iil, Hogan, Hooper, Hotehkiss, Asahel W. Hub-
bard, Demas Hubbard, Edwin N. Ilubbell, Jenckes,
Jones, Knykendall, Loan, Longyear, Lynch, Mar-
shall, Marvin, Melndoe, Newell, Nicholson, Noell,
Patterson, Perham, Phelps, Pike, Pomeroy, Radford,
Samuel J. Randall. Raymond, Rousseau, Schenck,
Sitgreaves. Sloan, Smith. Starr, Stilweli, Francis
Thomas, Upson, Ward, Warner, Welker, Whaley,
Stephen F. Wilson, Winfield, and Wright—-68.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. ELDRIDGE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was agreed to j
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
dictionary of congress.
Mr. WENTWORTH offered the following
resolution, which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing under the law:
Whereas the Senate has ordered the printing of
the latest edition of the Dictionary of Congress:
Therefore.
lienolveil. That there be printed for use and distri-
bution by tho members of this House, upon the same
terms, a sufficient number of copies to m<iko the quota
of Representatives equal to that of Senators.
safety of passengers.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, introduced
a bill further to provide for the safety of pas-
sengers on board of steam and sail vessels :
which was read a first and second time and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
right of way—military reservations.
Mr. ANDERSON. I offer for consideration
a joint resolution concerning the right of way
of railroads through military reservations and
for other purposes. I will state that this has
been considered by the Committee on Public
Lands, and has received their unanimous rec-
ommendation. I desire to put it on its pas-
sage ; therefore I demand the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object
to this ; I propose to debate it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri has demanded the previous question,
which cuts off debate.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 'Ihopethe
House is not going to pass this joint resolution
without debate.
The joint resolution was read. It grants
the right of way, not exceeding one hundred
feet in width on each side of tho track, and
the necessary grounds for depots and stations,
to all railroad companies upon all military re-
serves ; and the President is authorized to re-
store, from time to time, to the public domain,
any portion of said reserves over or near
which the Union Pacific railroad, or any of
its branches, may pass, and which shall not
he required for military purposes; the same,
when so restored, to be subject to existing
laws concerning public lands in the same man-
ner that they would have been if said reserves
had never been made; provided, that the Pres-
ident shall not permit the construction of any
railroad upon or diminish any such reservation
i\i any manner so as to impair its usefulness
for military purposes so long as it shall be
required therefor.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is a
most extraordinary joint resolution. It per-
mits railroads to go through all the arsenals
of the country.
