1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
This bill' in no manner interferes with the
municipal regulations of any State which pro-
tects all alike in their rights of person and prop-
erty. It could have no operation in Massa-
chusetts, Xe\v lork, Illinois, or most of the
States of the Union. How preposterous, then,
to charge that unless some State can have and
exercise the right to punish somebody, or to
deny somebody a civil right on account of his
color, it~! rights as a State will be destroyed^
It is manifest that unless this bill can be passed,
nothing can be done to protect the freedmen in
their liberty and their rights.
Whatever may have been the opinion of the
President at one time as to "good faith re-
quiring the security of the freedmen in their
liberty and their property" it is now manifest
from the character of his objections to this bill
that he will approve 110 measure that will ac-
complish the object. That the second clause of
the constitutional amendment gives this power
there can be 110 question. Some have con-
tended that it gives the power even to confer
the right of suffrage. 1 have not thought so,
because I have never thought suffrage any more
necessary to the liberty of a freedman than of
a iion-\oliiig white, whether child or female.
But his liberty under the Constitution he is
entitled to, and whatever is necessary to secure
it to him he is entitled to have, be it the ballot
or the bayonet. If the bill now before us, and
which goes 110 further than to secure civil rights
to the freedman, cannot be passed, then the
constitutional amendment proclaiming freedom
to all the inhabitants of the land is a cheat and
a delusion.
I cannot better conclude what I have to say
than in the language of Mr. Johnson on the
occasion of the veto of the homestead bill,
when, after stating that the fact (hat the Pres-
ident was inconsistent and changed his opinion
with reference to a great measure and a great
principle is 110 reason why a Senator or Repre-
sentative who had acted understandingly should
change his opinion, he said :
" I hope the Senate and House of Representatives,
■who have sanctioned tins bill by more than a two-
thirds majority, will, according to the Constitution,
exercise their privilege and power, and let the bill
beeome a law of the land, according to the high be-
hest ot the American people."
Mr. JOIIN"SON. Permit me to ask the
Senator whether the veto in that case was
overruled ?
Mr. TtUJMBULL. It was not.
Mr. JOHNSON. So 1 supposed.
Mr. CONNESS. That is 110 reason why a
bad example should be followed now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ramsey
ill the chair.) Is the Senate ready for the ques-
tion? The question is, Shall the bill pass, the
President's objections to the contrary notwith-
standing?
Mr. JOIINSOX. I do not suppose it is the
purpose of the honorable chairman of the Ju-
diciary Committee to insist upon a vote on the
measure 10-dnv.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is my^ intention to
continue the measure before the Senate, if the
body will sustain me in so doing, until we reach
a vote. #
Mr. JOHNSON. To-day?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not suppose it
probable that we should get a vote this evening.
If we can do it I shall be glad to do so. I pre-
sume the Senate will be full by night. The
measure has been delayed for a week in con-
sequence of a sad calamity, and it is my inten-
tion to press it and to have more than one
speech a day upon it. It is now only twenty
minutes past three, I see by the clock, and I
think we had better go on with the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. The honorable member
has had the better part of the day to make his
speech, and I presume he would not require
one who is a year or two older than himself to
occupy the attention of the Senate at this hour
of the day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I presume there are
others who are ready to proceed with the dis-
cussion.
39th Cong. 1st Ress.-
Mr. JOHNSON. But in. relation to taking
the vote the same sad event, which we all so
much deplore and which has delayed action on I
the measure until now, keeps from their seats
in the Senate several Senators who will be
here, I suppose, to-morrow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They have been heard
from by telegraph, and I presume will all be
here this evening. We may as well go on with
the discussion. I can inform the Senator that
I do not expect to have a vote until they return.
Mr. JOHNSON. So I supposed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But 1 should be very
glad to proceed with the consideratioirof the
measure, so that we may bo able to take a vote
when they do return, unless some of the gen-
tlemen returning shall desire to discuss it.
Sir. JOHNSON. I have no objection per-
sonally to the vote being taken at any time ;
but if the vole is not to be taken to-day, as it
is my purpose to submit some observations to
the Senate in reply to the honorable member
from Illinois, I should prefer being permitted
to do so to-morrow. If there is any Senator
who is prepared to discuss the measure to-day,
he may of course go oil, and will not be con-
sidered as interfering at all with my desire to
address the Senate in the course of to-morrow.
The honorable member lias prepared his speech
with great labor and has delivered it with bis
accustomed energy and force, and it is rather
hard to call upon a Senator the moment he sits
down to reply at once to a speech of some two
or three hours, more particularly when the din-
ner hour 1ms nearly arrived ; and I have some
reason to believe that that has some effect on
those whom I should like to be my audience
when I do address the Senate. If, therefore,
there is 110 member readv to proceed now, 1
move that further consideration of the meas-
ure lie postponed until to-morrow at one
o'clock, and that it be made the special order
for that hour.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have been informed
that several Senators design discussing this bill.
It has already been before us for a week. Cer-
tainly nobody can complain that we go 011 with
its consideration. We ought to have proceeded
with its consideration at once 011 its return to
us. It is one of those measuies regarded rather
as of a piivileged nature, and should therefore
be proceeded with. I am very sure that if we
adjourn at half past three o'clock to-day, the
same appeal will be made to-morrow. We have
been in the habit of sitting until half paStfour.
1 do not desire the Senator from Maryland to
go on at his inconvenience; but there are other
Senators to speak. I have been informed by
several others that they design making some
remarks on this hill, and I think we ought cer-
tainly to insist that somebody should proceed
after this hour.
Mr. J OIINSON. I can only answer for my-
self; I know of 110 one who desires to address
tlio Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. T hare been informed
by several Senators that they desired to speak.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no knowledge on
the subject. Senators can speak for themselves.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If no Senator will go on,
we cannot take the vote to-night.
Mr. HARRIS. If we are not to proeoed
with this bill, I should be v«y glad if the Sen-
ate would take up the judiciary bill, and finish
that.
Mv. TRUMBULL. Allow mo to surest to
the Senator from Xew York that 1 was informed
by the Senator from Pennsylvania that be de-
signed to say something on the bill before the
Senate. Perhaps he may be ready to proceed
to-day.
Mr. COWAN. lam not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If no one is prepared
to go 0111 shall not resist the postponement ot
the measure until to-morrow, but I ask that
it be made the special order for one o'clock to-
morrow.
The P RESIDENT pro i em pore. That is tho
iBodon of the Senator from Maryland.
The motion was agreed to.
deficiency civil bill. •
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (H. li. Ko. 80) making ad- ■
ditional appropriations, an$ to supply deficien-
cies in the appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government for the fiscal year
ending the 30th of June, 1800, and for other
purposes, submitted, the following report:
Tho committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of tho two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (II. R. No. 86) making additional appropriations,
and to supply deficiencies in tho appropriations for
sundry civil oxpenses of tho Government for the fisoai
year ending tho 30th of June, 1866, and for other pur-
poses, having met, aftorfullandfrcoconferencohavo"
agreed to recommend, and do recommend, to their
respective Houses as tallows:
That tho Senate recede from their amendments
numbered throe, six and a half, twenty-three, and
twenty-four.
That the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the amendments of the Senatp
numbered one, two, four, twelve, fifteen, seventeen,
twenty-one, twenty-two, twenty-live, twenty-six, and
thirty-one, and agree to the samo.
That the House of Representatives recede from
their amendment to tho seventh amendment of the
Senate and agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the eighth amcudmentof the Senate and agree to tho
same with an amendment, as iollows: strike out all
of said amendment after tho word "square" in lino
one, and insert in lieu thereof the following words:
"two thousand dollars;" and the Scnato agree to tho
same as .so modiiicd.
That the Home recede from their disagreement to
tho fourteenth amendment of the Senate and agreo
to thesamo with the following amendment: strikeout
all of said amendment and insert tho following:
" Formileageol (Jovcrnmentenginccrirom Cincin-
nati, Ohio, to Omaha, Nebraska,and thenee to Wash-
ington, in July, directed by tho President of tho
United States to cxamino and report upon Union
Paetlie railroad routes west from Omaha, two thousand
nine hundred and two miles, at ten cents per mile,
20.
"For mileage of the same from Washington to New
York, and back, in August, iso."), on account ot Union
Pautic lailway, two hundred and twenty-five miles
each way, at ten cenN per mile. ftl).
"For cost of completing bridge over Big Sioux
river, near Sioux Cily, and (iovernment wagon road
lroiu Sioux City, Iowa, to Fori Randall, Dakota Ter-
ritory, in addition to former appropriations, $10,000.
"For commutation of quarters and fuel to olhcer
ofeoips of Engineers, United States Army, in chargo
of Kngincerollice, Department of the Interior, agree-
ably to Army regulalions from 1st August, 1805, to
June 30, 1SC0, to be paid by Department of the Inte-
rior, agreeably to Army regulations, $1,137 61.
"For contingencies, $2,000,"
And the Senate agree to the same.
That the Ifou^e of llcpiesonkitives recede fiom
then disagreement to the nineteenth amendment of
the Senate and agiee to the same with tho following
amendment: on pago 22 oi said bill, m lines eighteen
arid nineteen, strike out the following words: "to
be, expended under the Secretary of the Interior;"
and the Senate agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their twenty-seventh
amendment, and agree to the eleventh section oi the
bill jn the following words:
" And bci/ further cnadnl, That tho proper account-
ing olticers of tho Treasury Department be. and they
are hereby, authorized to pay A. D. (,'ullingswoVth, 0.
if. Vcdder, Edward R. Sherman, Charles ('. Adams,
Samuel W. Tucker, «j. (L Adams, A. lJengiral, J. O.
Parker, J. A. Odell, V. Ihivin^. T. 11. Gladman, R.
A. Croniu, T. N. Adams. Clcary, W. I). Lindsay,
A. Jewett, jr., P. Co'-hin, I). 0. Farloss, J. P.Town-
.send, C. W. Odell, J. W. Moreheod, S. P. Lee, W.H,
Salter, James Cro^s, J. R. Creed, H. B. llourko, h.
A. Lipscomb, (loorgc Cottonhnm, C. A. Perkins, W.
11 ofm e*'(jr'C."l'fol 1 iday, V>. K. Ale^er, F. <\ Mes^er,
1\ Madden, W. McKee, W. II. L. Oarami, L. P. Por-
t'T P. W. Pearson, J. L. Rowlnnd, ('. \ . liotterden.
F !r Schale,K J. Sweet,T. J. Sdun, J. C. Willmms,
J. G. Wilson, L. K. i rown, J. H. (form, If. A,Dob-
son, J. A. Mchitire. V. 13. Munson, J. J.Dickens,\V.
F. Armes, J. C. Green, Lewis h. Rauterburg, and D.
W. Parsons, emplovcd by thodeputyprovostmarsbai
ot' the Di-ti iot of Columbia in the enrolling ojlice of
pi-id marshal, for night work and special service■per-
formed in pur&uunee of a eontiact bet ween saio clerks
and --aid provost marshal, Mich accounts being prop-
erly certified upon the rolls, or by said deputy pro-
vos-t mar.-hal, and tho sum of or so much
thereof a-? may bo necessary, is hereby appropriated
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated therefor/'
And the Ilouho agree to the same as so modified.
That the Senate recede from their amendment num-
bered twenty-nine, and substitute in lieu thereof the
following: "Provided, That no portrait oj hkeisesot
any living person, hcreaiter engraved, shall be placed
upon any of the bonds, securities, notes, fractional or
postal currency of the United States;" andthelloaao
agree to the tarns as so modiiied.
That tho Senate recede frwn their amendmevt num-
bered thirty-two so far a- to restore the following
words: "to pay II. A. Klopfer for ton months'service
-No. 111.
