1762
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
as a laborer in the office of the Attorney General, at
forty dollars per month, 6400."
Thai the House recede from their disagreement to
the Senate amendment numbered thirty-throe, and
agree to the same with the following amendment: in
line fourteen oi said amendment, after the word
"thousand,'' insert the words "five hundred."
, W. P. EESSENDEN,
JOHN CONNE8S,
REVERDY JOHNSON,
Managers on the port of the Senate.
TIIADDEUS STEVENS,
R. P. SPALDING.
E. B. WASHBURNE,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can answer any ques-
tion that any Senator desires to put to me in
regard to individual amendments. It is hardly
worth while to go into all the details.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Iwishtoinquirewhether
the little amendment for the Indianapolis court-
house is in the bill.
Mr. VESSENDEN. _ That is retained with
a slight amendment striking oat the words put-
ting it under the direction of the Secretary of
the Interior. ] t is under the direction of the
Treasury Department that the building has been
put up.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The amount is left at
$8,000?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The amount is left the
same. We were obliged to compromise the
best way we could to save the bill in several
things.
The report was agreed to.
.rCDIOJARY RUORUAXIZATIOJf.
Mr. HARRIS. T move that the Senate re-
sume the consideration of the judiciary bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
resumed, as in Committee of the Whole, the
consideration of the bill (_S. No. 103) to re-
organize the judiciary of the United States, the
pending question being on the amendment of
Mr. How Alio, to add to the seventh section the
following clause:
Final pieces^ from said district courts niayrun into
any judicial dish id of the United States, and shall ho
executed hv the proper marshal of muc.1i district, whose
duty it shall he to executc the same, and make due
return thereof, and who shall bo subjeet to the orders
of the court issuing the sa,mc; and all iuteiloeutory
and linal orders of said courts in cases in equity may
bo served and executed in any other district where
the person to be served or adjudged to be liable or
where the subject-matter of the suit may be.
Mr. IIOWAIUL). I offered the amendment
which is now before the Senate in the earnest
expectation that the Senate would view it fa-
vorably. 1 really think 1 hat it embodies a prin-
ciple of great utility to the country, and that
in some tonn or other it ought to be enacted
into a law. I learn, however, from the honor-
able Senator from New York, who has the bill
in charge particularly, that he regards it as in-
congruous to the other matter contained in the
bill; and under the assurance that I almost
assume from him that he will assist mo in get-
ting a separate bill through embodying the same
principle, I shall withdraw the amendment by
the consent, of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT jjro tempore,. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
Mr. HARRIS There arc a few amendments
which 1 desire to make. In the fifteenth sec-
tion, at the end of line one, after the word
"appeal," I move to insert the words "upon
the questions of law and fact arising upon the
record," sojis to read: ''an appeal unon the
questions of law and fact arising upon the rec-
ord, may be taken."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to ask the Senator if
he designs to give a right of appeal to the
Government as well as to the defendant.
Mr. HARRIS. I have no objection to that.
Perhaps that would be the effect of this section.
Mr. HOWE. That I suppose to be the effect
as it stands.
Mr. HARRIS. That is the case in my own
State. I move to amend the same section by
striking out in the eighth line the word '' ninety''
and inserting '' thirty.'' I think ninety days is
too long a time withiif which to allow an appeal
to be taken.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to understand
that amendment, as I have not the bill before
me.
Mr. HARRIS. The committee had agreed
upon ninety days as the time within which an
appeal might be taken from the district court
to the court of appeals, both in civil and in
criminal eases; but since the report was made
my attention has been called to the subject
from several different quarters, and especially
by judges who are familiar with the practice,
and they urge that ninety days is too long, es-
pecially as these courts of appeals are to be held
but oftce a year. To allow ninety days, within
which an appeal could be taken, and then to
have a year perhaps before the appeal could
be heard, would cause great delay. The law
now is that an appeal from a district court to
a circuit court must be taken within ten days,
and no inconvenience has resulted from that.
Now, if wo allow thirty days, I suppose it is
long enough. I hope it will be made thirty
days instead of ninety.
Mr. HENDRICKS. This time was con-
sidered by the committee, and ninety days was
thought to be about right. This is the appeal
from the district court to the court of appeals.
It is not like the appeal from the district court
to the circuit court, which is an appeal on all
the facts of the case. Then it is to be tried
right over again, in the same building, and
there are no records to make out. I wish to
call the attention of the Senator from New
York to the difference between this appeal and
the one with which he compares it. An appeal
from the district to the circuit court is an ap-
peal of the whole ease, which removes the
entire record and all the papers. In that event
no preparation of the cause for appeal is ne-
cessary ; the time of the attorney is not re-
quired in preparing the case for appeal fo any
considerable extent; but in an appeal from the
couit of tiial to the court of law, the record
has to be prepared, and in the midst of trials
attorneys have not time to do it. I ask the
Senator from New York, what is the time al-
lowed for an appeal or a writ of error to the
Supreme Court of the United States? This is
analogous to that.
Mr. HARRIS. I think that is a year.
Mr. HENDRICKS. This takes the place
of an appeal to the Supreme Court; and in-
stead of a year—I do not recollect the time,
but F dare say the Senator is correct—this bill
proposes ninety days. I think ninety days is a
short enough time to allow attorneys to prepare
their cases for an appeal; the record has to be
seen to, and oftentimes il is a very important
matter. While a court is in session attorneys
cannot give very much attention to the prepa-
ration of the record for the appeal. I think
ninety days is fully short enough.
Mr. HARRIS. My answer to the suggestion
of the Senator from Indiana is, that the ten
days now allowed run from the time the record
is made up, from the time linal judgment is
entered; so that the bill of exceptions must
be settled, and .before the time for appeal com-
mences to run the record is to be made up, the
judgment perfected, and then the parly has ten
days additional to appeal. I propose to make
it in this case thirty days. It seems to mo it is
ample. I have the opinion of judges of ex-
perience to that effect. I hope the amendment
will prevail.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not think judges
have any experience on this particular ques-
tion. This is an appeal within thirty days after
the entry of the judgment; and the judgment
is rendered immediately after the verdict is
entered. Then you prepare your case for the
appellate court. The preparation of causes
for court of error must be after the rendition
of the judgment. In the midst of trials, an at-
torney cannot do that who has much business
on hand. I do not think thirty days is long
enough, but I shall not make a contest about it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. I desire to make the same
■amend nient relative to appeals in civil casesin
section eleven, line eight, by striking out the
word "ninety" and substituting "thirty."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the Senator from New York to the sub-
ject of these appeals more particularly. In
the eleventh section an appeal may be taken
"from any final judgment or decree of any dis-
trict court within the circuit when the amount
claimed or the value of the property in contro-
versy exceeds $500," &c.; and that an appeal
may also be taken from the final judgment of
a district court in any criminal action to the
proper court of appeals within ninety days af-
ter the entry of such judgment. I do not know
that I wholly understand the bill. I ask there-
fore for an explanation. If I understand it, an
appeal from an inferior to a superior court
opens the whole ease and places it in the su-
perior court upon the same basis that it was in
the inferior court before the judgment. In case
there is a trial by jury in the district court of
a civil case, an action for damages, and a final
judgment is rendered upon the verdict and that
case is appealed, is the ease to be retried by a
jury in the court of appeals ; and in a criminal
case is the appeal that is taken to the court of
appeals to open the whole case and require a
retrial for the offense as charged? I under-
stand such would be the effect of a simple ap-
peal. I do not discover in the bill any pro-
vision in details specifying in what way this
appeal may be carried out and made effectual.
I may be wrong about it. If the honorable
Senator would have the goodness to explain. I
should be very much gratilied.
Mr. HARRIS. I think I can answer the
inquiry to the satisfaction of the Senator from
Michigan. The eleventh section provides that
the review shall be had upon the questions of
law and fact arising upon the record, so that
if exceptions are taken upon the trial the bill
of exceptions is made, that is incorporated in
the record, and when il goes up on appeal the
appellate court will examine that record, and
if it finds error in the record will reverse the
judgment. There will be no jury trial there,
no new facts presented, no testimony taken.
The review is had upon the questions of law
and fact arising upon the record.
Mr. HOWARD. Suppose there is no bill
of exceptions.
Mr. HARRIS. Then there will be nothing
to review.
Mr. HOWARD. But you have appealed it
a,ll. You have taken your case from the infe-
rior to the superior court on appeal.
Mr. HARRIS. I need not remind the Sen-
ator from Michigan, who is an experienced
lawyer, how often cases are taken up where
there is really no question to review and the
judgment is affirmed as a matter of course.
Mr. HOWARD. That depends on the modo
in which the case is taken up. If' the case is
taken up on a bare appeal I understand the
law to be that that appeal opens the whole case
for a retrial.
Mr. HARRIS. No, sir, not at all. The
court of appeals, in the examination of the
case, is confined to the questions that appear
on the record, and if there is no bill of excep-
tions, of course there are no questions arising;
there is nothing but the bare record of the
trial.
Mr. HOWARD. Docs the bill then provide
for the taking of a bill of exceptions except by
implication?
Mr. HARRIS. No, sir. The judges have
a right to prescribe rules under this bill. The
common-law practice is to take a bill of excep-
tions ; there will be no trouble about that, I
apprehend.
Mr. HOWARD. Perhaps not.
Tho bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The question is on con-
curring in the amendments made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. If no Senator desires
to except any particular amendment, for a sep-
