8682
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
On seconding the demand for the previous
question, there were—a^es 24, noes 67.
So the previous question was'not seconded.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I wish to
debate the resolution.
- The SPEAKER. The joint.resolution then
goes over under the rule;
pay of employes of the house.
Mr. KELSO submitted the following pream-
ble and resolution:
Whereas the House of Representatives, at sundry
times during the present session of Congress, has
increased the.compensation of a portion of its offi-
cers and employes:
Resolved, That the Committee of Accounts be re-
quested to report a resolution making the increase
of compensation equitable and uniform among all
tho officers and employes of this Houso for the Thirty-
Ninth Congress.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suggest
to the gentleman from Missouri that he strike
out the words "requested to report" and in-
sert "inquire into the expediency of report-
ing."
Mr. KELSO. I accept the modification.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
robert baldwin.
Mr. DRIGGS. I desire to introduce a bill
for the relief of Robert Baldwin.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Surely the
gentleman does not propose to introduce this
bill and move the previous question upon it.
No debate can be had upon'it now.
Mr. DRIGGS. If it is not in order I will
withdraw it. *
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can intro-
duce the bill for reference.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object
to this mode of passing bills.
Mr. DRIGGS. Tho bill has been referred,
and this is a report from the Committee on
Public Lands. I withdraw the bill.
1iouh of meeting.
Mr. PRICE. I offer the following resolu-
tion :
Reiolved, That on and after Tuesday, tho 10th in-
stant, and until otherwise ordered, tho House will
commence its sessions at ten o'clock a. m.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Make it
nine o'clock.
Mr. PRICE. I ask the previous question
on the resolution.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
before the House acts upon this resolution, we
shallgetsomeinformation in regard to the state
of business, and whether there is any necessity
for our meeting earlier. I understand that
after wo get through the tariff bill there are
but one or two appropriation bills left, and that
there is nothing else to do.
Mr. PRICE. If that is true, and we can get
through with our business and go home, I am
satisfied. My object is to get through with our
business so that we may leave this village.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope the gentleman will
accept an amendment providing that the stand-
ing committees of the House be discharged
from the further consideration of all the sub-
jects before them.
M*r. PRICE. I do not know that I have any
objection to that.
Mr. ALLISON. I object.
Mr. PRICE. I will modify my resolution so
as to make the hour of meeting eleven o'clock.
But I am really anxious to get the business
done without meeting here at night. I insist
on the previous question.
Mr. SCHENCK. Does the gentleman accept
my amendment?
Mr PRICE. Oh, not
The question was put upon seconding the
previous question, and there were—ayes SO,
noes 05.
So the House refused to second the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to
debate the resolution.
Debate arisii
under thf> rule.
pkeehptors on the sosool ranch.
Mr. PRICE introduced a bill to amend an act
entitled "An act to grant the right of preemp-
tion to certain purchasers on the Soscol ranch,
in the State of California'which was read a
first and second time and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
louisiana constitutional convention.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution, trpon which he demanded
the previous question:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested, if not inconsistent with the public in-
terests, to communicate to this House a copy of any ^
correspondence he may have had with Governor
Wells, of Louisiana, in relation to the reassembling
of the constitutionuleonvention of Louisiana, which
held a session in the year 1864.
Mr. LE BLOND. I wish the gentleman
from Iowa would amend his resolution so as to
embrace the correspondence with Mr. Forney
also. [Laughter.]
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The gentleman
can call for that himself. I must decline to
make the modification..
The previous question was seconded and the
main' question ordered ; and under the oper-
ation thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was adopted;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon tho table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
union pacific railroad, eastern division.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, introduced a bill
explanatory of an act to amend an act enti-
tled " An act to amend an act entitled ' An act
to aid in the construction of a railroad and tele-
graph line from the Missouri river to the Pacific
ocean, and to secure to the Government the use
of the same for postal, military, and other pur-
poses,' approved July 1,1862," approved July
2,18154 ; which was read a first and second time
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
iii5uess of congress.
Mr. GRINNELL introduced the following
concurrent resolution ; which was read and
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means:
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring,) That wit en this House adjourn on
the day of , it will take a reecss to meet
on Saturday, the 1st day of December next.
report on medical statistics.
Mr. PAINE introduced the following reso-
lution, upon which he called the previous ques-
tion :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to communicate to the House of Representatives a
report of the medical statistics collected during the
war in the bureau of tlie Prevost Marshal General
by Surgeon J. II. Baxter as soon as such report can
be compiled and prepared for presentation by him.
The previous question was seconded and tho
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. PAINE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was agreed to; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
fiftieth regiment wisconsin volunteers.
Mr. COBB introduced the following pream-
ble and resolution, upon which he called the
previous question:
Whereas the fiftieth regiment of Wisconsin volun-
teer infantry wore mustered into the servico of tho
United States in tho spring of 1865, to serve for one
year or during tho war, and were retained in the ser-
vice for several months after the expiration of said
year, but were only paid a bounty for ono year's ser-
vice :
Resolved, That'the Committee on Military Affairs
bo instructed to inquire into the expediency of pro-
viding by law for the payment to the soldiers of said
regiment an additional bounty of $8 33} for each
month's service after the expiration of said year, and
that they report by bill or otherwise.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the preamble and resolution were
agreed to.
Mr. COBB movpd to reeonsidpr the vote
by which the preamble and resolution were
agreed to ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
Tho latter motion was agreed to.
public lands in california.
Mr. HIGBY submitted the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That tho Secretary of tho Interior he re-
quested to furnish to this House the information of
how many acres of public lands are now in market,
how long a time the same have been in market, situ-
ate in the Stateof California and bounded as follows,
namely, on the northeast and north by the San Joaquin
river; on the east by the foot of tho Sierra Nevada
mountains; and on the south by King's river and the
line between townships seventeen and eighteen; and
on the southwest and west by the foot of tho Monte
Diablo mountain range; and also the number of
acres already sold by the General Government within
the above-named boundaries.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman from California [Mr. Higby] to
modify his resolution so as to make it direct-
ory ; and also to call for the amount of land
which has been granted at this session of Con-
gress for railroad purposes.
Mr. HIGBY. 1 have no objection.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
apazona, newmexico, and utah volunteers.
" Mr. McRUER submitted the following res-
olution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the propriety of paying
to volunteers mustered out in the Territories of Ari-
zona, New Mexico, and Utah sueh. additional sums
as may appear necessary to reimburse said volun-
teers for necessary expenses incurred in transporta-
tion to places of mustering in, over and above the
amount which they have severally received, and
report by bill or otherwise.
mary johnson.
Mr. BIDWELL introduced a joint resolution
for the relief of Mary Johnson, of Belmont
county, Ohio; which was read a first and sec-
ond time. .
The joint resolution provides that there be
paid to Mary Johnson, of Belmont county,
Ohio, out of any moneys in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated the sum of $110, to
reimburse her for the loss by fire of $110 50
in legal-tender notes of the United Stales, of
which she was the legal owner.
The joint resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
wisconsin.
1 Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, introduced a joint
resolution construing and giving effect to the
joint resolution entitled "A resolution for the
relief of the State of Wisconsin," approved
July 1, 186it; which was read a first and sec-
ond time and referred to the Committee on.
Public Lands.
officers' three months' extra pay.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, submitted the
following resolution ; which was read, consid-
ered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be instructed to inquire whether any provisions, and
if so, what, are necessary to exteqxl thethree months'
extra pay conferred by the act'of March 3,1865, upon
all officers below the rank of brigadier general who
having served one term of scrvico again entered the
service since the passage of said act and remained in
service until mustered out because their services
were no longer needed; and that said committee
have leave to report by bill or otherwise.
supreme court of colorado.
Mr. BRADFORD introduced a joint reso-
•lution authorizing the justices of the supreme
court of Colorado to fix the terms of the su-
preme court of said Territory ; which was read
a first and second time.
Mr. BRADFORD. I desire that this bill
shall be acted on now; and therefore I call
the previous question on ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. DAWES. I think that this ought to be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides that the justices of the supreme ^court
of the Territory of Colorado, or a majority of
them, shall be authorized to fix the terms of
the supreme court of said Territory.
