282
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 20,
Ho. of Beps.
Admission of Tennessee—Mr. Miller.
39tii Cong.... 1st Sess.
actual cost to the shareholders of the Illinois Central
Company on the 31st December last.
Yours, respectfully, W. H. OSBORN.
Johs M. Douglas, Esct.,
President Illinois Central Railroad Company.
Mr. President, I desire to call your, attention
to a most important consideration which must
bo set down on the credit side of the Illinois
Central railroad, and it will appear strange
to you when I say that the capitalists who in-
vested so largely in this enterprise might have
done far better without receiving a single acre
of the public lands. I refer to the location of
the road, and state that any one at all ac-
quainted with the geography of the country
through which, the road and branches run,
and with the commercial points and lines of
travel and trade, will see at a glance that the
road was located for the benefit of the State
and the United States, and very much to the
pecuniary prejudice of the stockholders of the
company. The road was, by the charter, made
to run, not between important commercial
points, such as Chicago and St. Louis, nor
along any of the lines of trade and traffic run-
ning East and West, nor through the settled
portions of the State, but North and South,
through the wild and unsettled lands of the
United States; the sale, settlement, and im-
provement of these lands being the chief con-
sideration which influenced Congress to make
the grant. At the date-qf the grant the settle-
ments had been principally confined to the pub-
lic highways or stage routes and mainly to the
timber lands, leaving the prairies to bloom in
their native wildness. Flourishing little vil-
lages and a considerably dense population had
sprung up along these thoroughfares and nat-
ural channels of intercommunication, which,
from the beginning, have furnished travel and
traffic and most remunerative profits to the
roads which have since been constructed along
them. On the other hand, the Central rail-
road had to build up its own settlements, its
own towns and farms, and to create its own
trade, travel, and business.
As late as 1853 I stood in the center of one
of the grand prairies of Illinois, when almost
the only sign of civilization I could see was
the pioneer locomotive of the Illinois Central
railroad and the hardy sons of the Emerald
isle as they were laying the first rails of that
great work ; all else was an ocean world of
wilderness land. The object of my visit there
was to enter some land, with a few land-war-
rants which I had bought at seventy-five cents
to the dollar, but so remote did it seem to me
before that vast area could be settled that it
was long before I could make a selection, and
get my consent to risk what then was almost
my all upon so seemingly wild a venture.
In order to get vacant lands on each side of
the track the aim of the Government was to
miss^ the settlements. So important was this
consideration that I do not hesitate to say that
the Central Railroad Company would have
made money if it had given back to the Gov-
ernment every acre of land it had received,
and constructed the road through the settled
portion of the State and between the most
important commercial joints. Railroad men
understand this view of the ease well. They
will inform you that while long line's of road
through unsettled regions require the same or
greater outlays for construction and opera-
tion, three fourths of the profits or earnings
of all roads proceed from the local traffic and
travel, and not from the through trade and
travel. But these great advantages the Cen-
tral company were compelled to forego, be-
cause the Government was not consulting the
interest of the company but its own, and the
development of the country, and seeking not
for settled but for unsettled lands. Thus the
location of the road through an unsettled route
deprived the company of advantages greater
than the value of the lands themselves.
To show the wonderful effect which the
money of the stockholders of the Illinois Cen-
tral railroad had in bringing into market and
settlement the lands of the Government, I men-
tion, that while these lands had been in the
market for twenty-five years, and on account
of their remoteness from market and destitu-
tion of timber seemed likely to remain so for
half a century more, while they came under
the denomination of refuse lands, and belonged
to that class which at a former session of Con-
gress were proposed to be ceded to the States
in which they were situated, in order to dis-
pense with the machinery of land offices and
other expenses which cost the Government
more than the revenue derived from their sale
while these things were so, yet in the year
1853, while the first earth was being thrown
up by the spade and the iron was being laid
upon the fresh road-bed, the Government sold
of its public lands in the State of Illinois alone
2,807,981 acres, and most of them in the prai-
ries traversed by the Central road.
Sir, a few days since, when the Senator from
Maine rather humorously called to account
my friend from Indiana [Mr. Hendricks] for
finding but little warrant in the Constitution
for voting away money, but as not having so
tender a conscience in voting away lands, and
the Senator replied that the policy of the Gov-
ernment was wise, because, as a great land-
holder, it had adopted the most effectual
means of imparting value to its lands by do-
nating half and doubling the price of the re-
served half, and at the same time, incidentally,
this policy had given stimulus to production,
impulse to trade, and opened new fields to en-
terprise, affecting in no small degree a large
portion of the Union, I felt like congratulat-
ing the Senator from Indiana (for I was with
him in Congress and with him in his policy)
for the triumphant vindication years has given
of the wisdom of that policy.
Sir, the history of the Central railroad is the
history of the origin, rise, progress and glori-
ous triumph of this policy. Sir, look at it.
In 1852 the State of Illinois had just ninety-
five miles of completed road. The mammoth
system of the State (as it was called) had burst
like a bubble, and the Commonwealth was bank-
rupt, her credit down, and her bonds hawked
about in the market almost as worthless rags.
But, sir, Congress made the grant of lands to
the State; the road commenced; it brought
population and wealth to Illinois; it astonished
the Government and the opposers of this pol-
icy by placing in the hands of the Government
every dollar it asked for its land. I read from
the report of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office for the year 1863, page 32:
"By an act ofCongress in 1850 a grantwas made to
Illinois to aid in the construction of railroads. It
conveyed for the purpose 2.595,053 acres, which have
been valued as high as $30,000,000, resulting in an
extraordinary impulse to the settlement and pros-
perity of the State. At the date of the grant nearly
half of the public lands within the limits of Illinois
were vacant and undisposed of. Now, after the lapse
of only fifteen years, tfoo United States have virtu-
ally retired as a land-holder from the State."
I might say that as early as the year 1857
the United States had virtually retired from
the State as a land-holder, and that it was
almost impossible to find eighty acres of land
unentered which was not either swamp or bar-
rens ; and, indeed, nearly all of these descrip-
tions of land had been entered.
In ten years the population of the State ad-
vanced from 8-51,740 to 1,711,951, more than
doubling her population in a single decade.
The construction of the road gave a new and
wonderful impetus. Other roads began to be
built, and the State which in 1852 had only
ninety-five miles of road in 18G0 had three
thousand miles, intersecting through all its
length and breadth, and developing her im-
mense domain until now agriculture is reaping
harvests upon her prairies such as the world
never saw before. The growth of the State
has not been by any ordinary progress. Setting
all example at defiance, she has marched for-
ward with a bound to the proud position of the
fourth in our "glorious empire of States."
Wealth, power, glory, and dominion beyond
the possibility of recall or change are hers,
and Tiers forever. The Senator from Indiana
was right. The policy of the land grants was
right.
But, sir, let us not put to shame that policy
by attempting to crush out the enterprises which
so far have prospered under that policy and
which should have the careful and continued
support of the Government and of all the
people of all the States.
Admission of Tennessee.
REMARKS OF HON. G. F. MILLER,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In the House of Representatives,
July 20, 1866,
On the joint resolution concerning the admission of
Representatives from the State of Tennessee.
Mr. MILLER. Mr. Speaker, the Legislature
of Tennessee having ratified the amendment
to the Constitution of the United States, as
passed the present Congress, this joint resolu-
tion provides for the admission to seats in Con-
gress of loyal representatives from that State
upon taking the oath prescribed by existing
laws. It is concedecHhat Tennessee has sixty-
three thousand loyal voters, and that she has,
through her Legislature, disfranchised rebels,
and in fact so changed her constitution and
laws as to protect her citizens and make it truly
a republican form of government, and the ques-
tion is, shall this resolution be adopted? I
trust, Mr. Speaker, it will.
The Governor of that State deserves the
thanks, not only of his own State, but of the
entire nation, for his indefatigable energy and
patriotic services in calling together the Legis-
lature, and urging upon them the ratification
of the amendment, which with extraordinary
alacrity was accomplished. It must be remem-
bered that the loyal citizens of Tennessee dur-
ing the late rebellion stood firm and undaunted
for the Constitution and flag of this Republic.
They suffered from persecution and hunger
beyond description. They raised a large force,
and entered the conflict for the preservation
of this Union. Sir, the patriots of that State
ought to receive encouragement from the na-
tion, for to be a true patriot, surrounded as they
were by blood-thirsty rebels ready and willing
to take the heart's blood, not only of those who
took arms for the preservation of this Union,
but that of their wives, children, mothers, and
fathers, and beside, had the torch applied to
their homes, thus rendering them houseless,
and many of the helpless portion of loyal fam-
ilies were compelled to fly to the mountains to
hide themselves in order to evade the wrath of
the rebels, while the able-bodied portion were
engaged in the battle-field in mighty conflict
with the blood-thirsty rebels. I tell you, sir,
that men thus situated, who stood firm to their
integrity when all that is dear to the human
heart was in peril, are patriots indeed, and
deserve the commendation of this Republic.
This is the first State that is claimed by the
rebels to have seceded that has ratified this
amendment, and by admitting its loyal rep-
resentatives we will give encouragement to
the loyal element and teach the other southern
States that the only way for them to be repre-
sented in the councils of the nation will bo to
follow the example of Tennessee. It is unne-
cessary, however, to say here at what time or
under what circumstances other of the States
lately in rebellion will be admitted to repre-
sentation, as that question will be determined
when application is made, but I for one would
say that I would require as a condition-prece-
dent that the State so applying must first ratify
