1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
699
bars form on each side of this current over
which vessels cannot pass. This narrow and
crooked channel is difficult of navigation in
fair weather and impassable in foul. We ask
for an appropriation sufficient to extend these
piers a little further into the lake, and make
them of equal length, and also to dredge the
channel impaired by the original error iu their
construction.
I do not ask this appropriation on behalf of
the city of Erie alone, nor of my district con-
tiguous to it, but rather in- the name and on
behalf of the great State within whose limits
the harbor lies and by whose foresight and
treasure the groat works through which tide-
water and lake commerce meet, and by which
cheap transportation is furnished to that por-
tion of her territory upon which the whole
country is now in a measure dependent for iron,
fuel, and light, were projected and built. My
colleagues from the whole State will join me
in asking Congress to give the assistance now
so urgently needed and so long withheld.
On motion of Mr. COOJv, (at forty minutes
past seven o'clock p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 7, 18G6.
.Prayer by Rev. George W. Briggs, D. D.,
of Salem, Massachusetts.
The Journal of yesterday -was read and
approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WADE presented a petition of citizens
of Dayton, Ohio, and a petition of citizens of
Ripley, Brown county, Ohio, praying for a re-
duction of the taxes imposed upon the sale of
agricultural implements; which were referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SUMNER. I have a memorial from a
single citizen, but who is a representative man,
an original anti-slavery man, and the editor of
the leading religious paper of New England,
protesting in the most earnest terms against
the passage by the Senate of the constitutional
amendment wliieh has recently passed the
House of Representatives. In his very brief
petition he says:
"Wlieieas the Constitution of thellnited State? pro-
vides that 'no State shall £rant arty title of nobility,'
and that 'the citizen* of each State shall be entitled
to alt privileges and immunities of citizons in the
several State.s;' and
" Wherea- that revered instrument contains now no
clause that would displace''—
That is his language—
"that would disgrace a free nation or contradict the
declaration that all men are born equal; and
" Whereas a, resolution for amendment, of the Con-
stitution has passed the House of Repre-cntativcs.
which, in the opinion of the undersigned, would re-
peal the^e piovisions and contradict this declaration,
he respect! ally prays you to lejeet said amendment."
As that question is still pending, I ask that
this memorial lie on ilio table, and at the same
time 1 take the liberty of saying that I subscribe
absolutely to this memorial.
The memorial was laid upon the table.
Mr. SUMNER. I present also the petition
of Mrs. M. J. Walker, of the county of Warren
and State of Mississippi, in which she sets forth
at some length a claim for damages on account
of what was done bj General Slocum when in
command of our troops in her neighborhood.
The petition is sworn to and is vouched for in
several different ways. 1 ask its reference to
the Committee on Claims.
It was so referred.
Mr. SUMNER also presented a petition of
the Female Anti-Slavery Society of Philadel-
phia, pnning Congress, by an amendment of
the Constitution, to foil/id anj State to make
any distinction in civil rights and prh ilege.s on
account of race, color, or descent; and also
similar petitions from the Pennsylvania Anti-
Shivery Society, from citizens of Montgomery
county, Pennsylvania, and from citizens of Con-
necticut ; which were referred to the joint com- j
mitteo on reconstruction. i
He also presented a memorial of citizens of !
Connecticut praying that no State recently in
rebellion may be restored to the Union until
adequate security has been obtained against a
renewed attempt to secede, against its being
represented in Congress beyonu its voting pop-
ulation, against any payment of debt incurred
in rebellion, and against any distinction being
made in its laws on account of color or descent,
and praying for such an amendment of the Con-
stitution as may be required to enforce the fore-
going provisions; which was referred to the
joint committee on reconstruction.
Mr. MORGAN presented the petition of the
executors of the late Colonel D. D. Tompkins,
who was an assistant quartermaster general in
the United States Army, praying that the ac-
counting officers of the Treasury maybe author-
ized to audit and settle his accounts ; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. STEWART presented a petition of post-
masters in the county of Alpine, California,
and Douglas county, Nevada, praying that
Geiatt & Moore may be compensated for ser-
vices rendered in carrying the United States
mails in those counties ; which was referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. NORTON presented three petitions of
citizens of Minnesota, praying that the soldiers
who enlisted in the early part of the war of the
rebellion may be be placed on an equal footing
as regards bounty with those who enlisted at a
later period; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have received and been
requested to present to the Senate a memorial
of the executive committee of the Indiana
Yearly Meeting of Friends for the Relief of
Freedmen, praying for the extension of the
powers of the Freedmen's Bureau, and its con-
tinuance until its legitimate work is accom-
plished. As that subject hasbeen acted upon,
I move that the petition lie upon the table.
• The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN presented a petition of citizens
of New England, praying that in the passage of
all bills establishing a new basis of representa-
tion there shall be no distinction on account of
race, color, or sex ; which was referred to the
joint committee on reconstruction.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN and REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, it was
Ordered, Thatthememoiial of Horatio Stone, pray-
in? for an appropriation to enable him to complete
the statue of Hamilton, on the files of the Senate, bo
referied to the Committee on the Library.
On motion of Mr. HENDERSON, it ivas
Ordered, That the papers connected with the claim
of A. S. Ilobmsnn. «i i'-in:.: under the treaty of Guada-
lupe Hidalgo with Mexico, and the papers connected
with the claim of J. W. Nye, for compensation for
impiovitur a lot of public ground, tie., on the tiles of
the Senate, be referred to tile Committee on Claims.
RlH'ORT.s OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, from the Committee
on Pensions, to whom was referred a petition
of non-commissioned officers, musicians, and
privates, who have been disabled in the tinted
States service, praying for an increase of pen-
sion, reported a biU (S. No. 131J supplementary
to the several acts relating to pensions ; which
was read and passed to a second reading.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. T will state that this
bill increases the pensions of private soldiers
and non-commissioned otlicers lrom eight to
twelve dollars per month,
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial of
Robert B. liiell. a lieutenant in the United
States Navy, praying that he maybe promoted
to the rank and place of commander in the Xa\y.
from winch, he alleges, he has been unjustly
withheld, asked to be discharged from its fur-
ther considt ration: which was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Commitee on the
Judiciary, to vhom were referred a memorial
of the Chamber of Commerce of the State of
New York praying tor the passage of a law  x-
empting suitois in the national courts of the
oouthern States from the operation of State stat-
utes ot limitations for a period long enough to
give loval creditors an opportunity to enforce
their claims, and a ,-tniilar petition from the
Boston Board of Trade, have instructed me to
report them back with a rceomuicndalicm that
the committee be discharged from the further
consideration of the, memorials, for the reason
that further legislation, in the opinion of the
committee, seems not to be necessary, as the
act entitled "An act in relation to the limitation
of actions in certain cases," approved June 11,
18G4, seems to provide for the cases contem-
plated by the memorialists.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
will be entered if there be no objections.
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred a
bill (S. No. 98) to incorporate the Metropoli-
tan Fire and Marine Insurance Company of the
District of Columbia, reported it without amend-
ments.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referied a joint res-
olution (H. R. No. 45) to change the name of
the ship Art Union to the name of George M.
Barnard, reported it without amendment.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, who were instructed by a resolution
of the Senate to inquire whether any further
legislation is necessary to prevent the kidnap-
ping of freedmen and the revival of the slave
trade on the southern coast of the United States,
reported a bill (S. No. 132) to prevent and pun-
ish kidnapping; which was read and passed to a
second reading.
Mr. POLAND, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred a hill (S. No.
59) to provide for the revision and consolida-
tion of the statutes of the United States, re-
ported it without amendments.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia have instructed me
to report adversely upon the petition of the offi-
cers and men of the steamer Union who were
wrecksd and taken prisoners while engaged in
the expedition against Port Royal, off the coast
of North Carolina, in 1801. The petitioners
were prisoners from seven to eight months.
While prisoners their families received one half
the pay due them, and on their release the other
half was paid, covering the whole time of their
imprisonment. The petitioners pray for com-
mutation of rations while prisoners, and com-
pensation for clothing. All the clothing they
had oil board, except that oil their persons,
was lost. No fixed sum is asked for. The peti-
tioners were never enlisted into the service of
the United States, and do not come under the
provisions of law for enlisted men. They wore
employes of the quartermaster's department,
engaged at salaries and wages, and provisioned
by agreement. The steamer was the property
of the United States, and the petitioners may
have been upou her in the service of her own-
ers, having the compensation tlicy afterward
received from the quartermaster's depaitnient;
or they may have been employed by agents of
the department at given rates, or at rates pre-
scribed by regulations. The rations were pre-
scribed by regulations ; but it' a less amount was
drawn than thus prescribed at any one time, no
greater amount than that prescribed by regula-
tion could be drawn at any other time. 'The
engagement of the petitioners vith the Govern-
ment eensed when the ship was destroyed. The
quartermaster's department having paid the
■ petitioners during the period of their imprison-
, merit, it is believed that it is some compensa-
tion for the loss of clothing.
s dills introduced,
j Mr. CONNESS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
Nn. fog) granting lands to aid in the eon.struc-
1 tion of a railroad and telegraph line from the
waters of the bay of San Francisco to llum-
boldt bay, in the State of California; which was
read twice by its title, ami referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
i printed.
; publication 07 the l mvs.
| Mr. ANTHONY submitted the followingres-
!' olution : which was considered by unanimous
! consent, and agreed to:
/,v That the Ccmmittee on Publie Printing
beduecied to inqti.rewhat ehanaes,if any, are neces-
I sary in ilie pieseu! iav,> pi-oviding-fortiicpublication
I! of the laws of the United States.
