1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2723
6is amendment, and let us give for a period,
say of two years, the privilege to. use steam
over the line where it has been used for the
last three years; and within those two years
I have no doubt we shall pass a bill authoriz-
ing a tunnel, because they can make it per-
fectly secure, and within that time perhaps
they may complete the tunnel east of the
Capitol.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why not pass the tun-
neling bill, and in that bill tell them they
must have their tunnel done in a certain time,
and until that time expires they may use this
crossing?
Mr. HENDERSON. I have no objection
to that course of proceeding.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then you would make
one dependent on the other.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have no charge of
this bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Your committee has
charge of the question.
Mr. HENDERSON. It is as the Senator
from Maine [Mr. Morrill] may see fit in regard
Mr. MORRILL. Well-
Mr. HENDERSON. I have no doubt we
shall pass that bill. It was put in my charge.
I am ready to report it at any time. I have it
not here; it is at my room.
Mr. MORRILL. With that understanding,
I ask that this bill be laid aside, and I will call
up another.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the further consideration of this bill be
postponed until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
message from tiie iiocse.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
without amendment the joint resolution (S. R.
No. 97) to authorize certain medals to be dis-
tributed to veteran soldiers free of postage.
The message also returned to the Senate, in
compliance with its request, the bill (S. No.
305) to amend an act entitled "An act con-
cerning notaries public for the District of Co-
lumbia," approved April 8, 1864.
The message farther announced that the
House of Representatives had passed a con-
current resolution for the appointment of a
joint committee of the two Houses to investi-
gate the action of the Freedmen's Bureau and
its officers, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills and joint resolution ;
which were thereupon signed by the President
pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 186) amendatory of an act
to provide for the reports of decisions of the
Supreme Court of the United States ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. Gl) to extend
the time for the construction of the first section
of the Western Pacific railroad ;
A bill (H. 11. No. 265) granting a pension to
John Hoffman, of Madison county, in the State
of New York;
_ A bill (H. R. No. 308) for the relief of Fran-
cis A. Gibbons;
A bill (H. R. No. 434) for the relief of Isa-
bella Strubing;
A bill (H. R. No. 445) for the relief of the
legal representatives of Betsey Nash;
A bill (H. R. No. 4G0) granting pension to
Spencer Kellogg;
A bill (H. R. No. 494) for the relief of Mar-
tha J. Willey;
A bill (H. R. No. 563) to regulate the time
and fix the place for holding the circuit court
of the United States in the district of Virginia,
and for other purposes ;
A bill (S. No. 132) to prevent and punish
kidnaping; and
A bill (S. No. 316) to establish a post route
from West. Albnrg, Vermont, to Champlain,
in the State of New York, and for other pur-
poses. *
freedmen's bureau.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the following concurrent resolution
from the House of Representatives:
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (th e Senate
concurring.) Thata joint eommitteeconsisting of two
Senators and three members of the House of Repre-
sentatives be appointed to investigate the action of
the Freedmen's Bureau and its officers in the States
where the bureau has been in operation, with power
to send for persons and papers and examine witnesses
under oath; and that said committee make personal
examination, and report the facts to Congress; and
said committee is authorized to employ a stenographer
and clerk. The Sergeant-at-Arms of the Senate or
House, or either of their deputies, is directed to ac-
company the committee; and the committee shall
have power to report at any time. And the expenses
necessarily incurred by said committee shall be paid
out of the contingent funds of the Senate and House
in equal proportions.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. What order
will the Senate take upon this resolution?
Mr. JOHNSON. Let it lie on the table for
the present.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the resolu-
tion be printed, so that we may see what it is.
The motion was agreed to.
life and accident insurance company.
Mr. MORRILL. I now ask the Senate to
take up for consideration Senate bill No. 290.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 290) to incorporate
the National Life and Accident Insurance Com-
pany of the District of Columbia.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We have passed to-day
quite a number of bills incorporating com-
panies, and this seems to be a biil of consider-
able importance. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn, and let it go over.
The motion was agreed to ^ and the Senate !
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, May 21, 1866.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of Saturday was read and
approved.
The SPEAKER stated as the first business
in order the calling of the States for bills and
joint resolutions on leave to be referred to the
appropriate committees and not to be brought
back into the House on a motion to reconsider,
commencing with the State of Maine.
rights of loyal citizens.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, introduced a bill
to protect the rights of action of lo.val citizens;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
punishment op crime.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, introduced a bill
to define and punish certain crimes therein
named; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
J udiciary.
united states courts,
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, introduced a bill
to amend an act to establish the judicial courts
of the LTnited States; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
national currency.
Mr. DUMONT introduced an act to amend
an act entitled "An act to provide a national
currency secured by pledge of United States
bonds, and provide for the liquidation and
redemption thereof," approved June 3, 1864;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Banking and
Currency.
military reserve at fort gratiot.
, Mr. TROWBRIDGE introduced a bill to
amend an act granting the right of way over
the military reserve at Fort Gratiot, Michigan ;
which was read a first and second time, and
with an accompanying letter from the Secre-
tary of the Interior referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
pay of letter carriers in san francisco.
Mr. McRUER introduced a joint resolution
authorizing the Postmaster General to pay ad-
ditional salaries to letter carriers in San Fian- ■
cisco; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
acting assistant surgeons.
Mr. DONNELLY introduced a bill relating
to acting assistant surgeons in the United States
Army; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
ports or delivery in nebraska.
Mr. HITCHCOCK introduced a bill to con-
stitute Omaha and Nebraska City, in the Ter-
ritory of Nebraska, ports of delivery; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
trade and intercourse with indians.
Mr. BRADFORD introduced a bill in rela-
tion to trade and intercourse with Indian tribes;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The call of the States and Territories for
bills and joint resolutions being now com-
pleted, the Speaker proceeded to call the
States and Territories, in an inverse order, for
resolutions, commencing with the State of New
York.
freedmen's bureau.
Mr. LAFLIN introduced the following reso-
lution. upon which he demanded the previous
question;
Resolved, That the Commissioner of the Bureau of
Freedmen, Retugees, and Abandoned Lands be di-
rected to communicate to this House the reports
recently made concerning the action of the bureau
by Generals Steedman and Fullerton and by Gen-
erals Whittlesey and Sewell and such other reports
recently made and not heretofore communicated to
Congress as may be in the possession of that bureau.
The SPEAKER. This being a call for ex-
ecutive information, it requires unanimous con-
sent for its consideration to-day.
Mr. LE BLOND. I desire to move an
amendment to the resolution. I desire to have
these reports published in connection with the
testimony taken by the reconstruction com-
mitee, that they may go to the country for
what they purport to be.
Mr. LAFLIN. It would be impossible to
have that done now, because the printing of
the report of the reconstruction committee is
in such a condition that it would be impossible
to do it.
Mr. LE BLOND. I ask if the report of the
committee on reconstruction has been pub-
lished.
Mr. LAFLIN. It has not yet been delivered,
but it is in print.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state
that if the resolution gives rise to debate it
goes over under the rule.
Mr. LE BLOND. I simply wish to say that
mv understanding is that the report is being
printed, but that it is in that condition that the
reports of these generals can be added to it,
and it ought to go to the country in that shape.
Mr. LAFLIN. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to know if an objection does not make this
resolution go over.
The SPEAKER. It would not do so now.
The resolution has been debated since it was
introduced, and it is too late to make the point.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the oper-
ation thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
