284'
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 9,
Ho. of Reps.
The Tariff—Mr. Marshall.
39th Cong...."1st Sess.
tion of which it is the offspring, most extraor-
dinary and diabolical as they are, are but the
outcropping, of the deep-laid schemes of the
old Federal or New England party, adopted
almost immediately after the formation of our
Federal Constitution. These schemes have
never been abandoned, but on the contrary
have been adhered to and prosecuted with a
pertinacity almost without1 a parallel. The
name and organization of that party have
passed into history, but its principles and pur-
poses have never for one moment been in abey-
ance, and they live to-day in fall, vitality and
possess really greater power than they did in
the time of the elder Adams. They never
will be abandoned while selfishness and ava-
rice constitute motives of human action, and
the only hope of the country is in enlightening
and arousing the people as to their true char-
acter. Iri this respect more than in any othefr
it is important ever to remember that "eternal
Vigilance is the price of liberty," for when you
place the laboring classes at the mercy of a
moneyed aristocracy, I care not what may be
the form of government, liberty itself becomes
a mockery and a delusion.
TO CONSUMMATE THEIK PURPOSES THE OLD FEDERAL-
ISTS TURN DISUNIONISTS.
The daily and nightly dream and hope of
the old Federal party was to inaugurate some
scheme by which they could seize upon the Fed-
eral Government and use it as an instrument
for levying tribute upon the agricultural States
and upon the laboring classes of the whole
country. It was soon discovered that the inter-
ests and policy of the southern States were
opposed to the schemes of that party, and that
these Federal hopes were in danger of being
blighted forever. The magnificent West already
began to loom up before the enraptured vision
of these greedy cormorants, and their patri-
otic eyes brightened at the glorious prospect of
levying tribute without limit upon the labor of
the toiling millions that were destined to spread
over those fertile plains. But this system could
not be inaugurated with hope of success unless
the South could be emasculated or driven from
the Union. And it was thus that at the very
commencement of the present century an agi
tation was commenced in New England to effect
a dissolution of the Union. It is now over
fifty years since Matthew Carey, of Philadel-
phia, published his valuable book, "The Olive
Branch," in which he demonstrated "that there
existed a conspiracy in New England to effect
a dissolution of the Union at every hazard
and to form a separate confederacy.''
Hear his description of these disunion Fed-
eralists who flourished in the days of Jefferson
and Madison:
"They are possessed of inordinate wealth, of con-
siderable talents, great energy, and overgrown influ-
ence. A northern confederacy lias been their grand
object for a number of years. They have repeatedly
advocated in the public prints a separation of the
States." **** **■••*
"To sow discord, jealousy, and hostility between the
different sections of the Uniou was the firs t grand step
in their career in order to accomplish theip favorite
object of aseparation of the States.
"In fact, without, this efficient instrument all their
efforts would have been utterly unavailing. It would
have been impossible had the honest yeomanry of the
eastern States continued to regard theirsouthern fel-
low-citizens asfriends and brethren, having one com-
mon interest in the promotion ofthegencral welfare,
to make them instruments in the hands of those who
intended to employ them to operate the unholy work
of destroj'ingthenoble, the august, the splendid fabric
of our Union.
" For eighteen years, therefore, the most unceasing
endeavors havo been made to poison thenainds of the
people of the eastern States toward and to alienate
them from their fellow-citizens of the southern. The
people of the latter section have been portrayed as
demons incarnate and destitute of all the good qual-
ities that dignify or adorn husnan nature."
"It thus happens that a people proverbially orderly,
quiet, sober, and rational were actually so highly ex-
cited a,? to bo ripe for revolution and ready to over-
turn the whole system of social order."
It has been often and well said that history
repeats itself. In language written over fifty
years ago, our author, in describing the old
Federal disunionists of that day, draws a life-
like and most truthful picture of the radical
agitators of the present day. In reading his
graphic pages we almost imagine that he had
in Ms eye our "central directory," with the
smelling committees and the inflammatory libels
sent forth "to sow discord, jealousy, and hos-
tility between the different sections of the
Union," and thus to render a restoration of
peace, union, and fraternity impossible. These
Federal disunionists of sixty years ago used
precisely the same denunciations against Wash-
ington, Jefferson, Madison, the Randolphs, the
Henrys, and their contemporaries of the south-
ern States that are now so eagerly fulminated
against the entire people of the same section
of our country. In a time of war, such inflam-
matory appeals might be excusable, but now,
when we need the healing influences of love,
kindness, and conciliation to cure the wounds
of our bleeding country such conduct is simply
devilish, and should receive the execrations of
all good men.
THE mitra KEY TO OUR POLITICAL TROUBLES.
And, sir, this and kindred schemes furnish
the true key to and solution of our present
political dangers and complications. _ On all
economic ana financial questions the interests^
of the West and the South are identical. Thay'
are all now, and will continue to be, agricult-
ural States. That measure which wrongs and
oppresses one wrongs and oppresses them all
equally and alike. The South is the natural
and inevitable ally of the West on all questions
of revenue and taxation. With the South ex-
cluded, the New England lords of the loom,
with their allies of the middle States, can levy
tribute upon the people of the West at pleas-
ure and without limit. This is demonstrated
by the experience of the last five years. With
the representatives of the South in their seats
this could not be done. Hence this already
bloated race of extortioneis do not want the
southern States restored to the Union, and
they are determined that they shall not be un-
less the negroes are all admitted to the right
of suffrage, by which means they expect to
secure eight hundred thousand black allies as
voters, who would be their pliant tools, and
would aid them in continuing their system of
outrage and oppression.
In speaking of this measure with that fear-
lessness and frankness which are due to those
whom I represent here, I desire to say nothing
that can justly be deemed offensive to any mem-
ber of the House. I shall not charge that the
Committee of Ways and Means deliberately
intend the wrong and robbery that must result
from the passage of this bill. It is much pleas-
anter to assume that they are the victims of
false theories or have unwittingly become the
dupes of the hordes of monopolists and manu-
facturers who havo infested the Capitol during
the entire session. I willingly take itfor granted,
as it is my duty to do on all occasions, that all
the advocates of the bill within these Halls are
actuated by ju«t and honorable motives. The
bill, indeed, is understood to have emanated
principally from the brain of that prodigy in
social science, Mr. Colwell, of the revenue
commission, aided by a combination of the
plunderers, each of whom, it is said, has agreed
upon the portion he would be willing to take in
the general grab. I take it for granted that
the committee has been the victim of this un-
holy combination, and shall not hold them re-
sponsible for what cannot fairly be considered
the result of their own deliberations. I there-
fore make no charge against any member of
the House; but I do insist that with those who
understand the secrets and control the action of
the dominant faction this greed of plunder is
at the bottom of and furnishes the proper key
to our present political complications.
That very able Republican paper, the New
York Evening Post, is beginning to. more than
suspect the secret motives of the loud-mouthed
patriots of its own party; and touches upon the
key-n&te of its action when in an article a few
days ago it says :
".We warn the prohibitionists that they ride too
high a horse for safety. They are trying to force a
mest hateful and wicked scheme upon the country.
That is bad enough; but they are at the same time
keepingouttherepresentativesofthesouthern States.
Are they doing this in order to makesureof their own
schemes? Is it to secure the passageof this prohibit-
ive and destructive bill that they refuse to admit the
southern members? It would seem so from their
high-handed course. Thecountry will believe it, and
they will only ruin themselves by such a course,
which heaps injustice on injustice, and commits one
wrong in order to facilitate the committal of another
—just as a highwayman maims his victims in order
the more easily to plunder their persons."
PROTECTIVE SYSTEM.
This system never could have found favor
beyond those who were to be enriched by it
but for the ingenious adoption for it by its ad-
vocates of a false and fallacious but popular
name. The designation, "protection of home
industry," certainly sounds remarkably well,
and has won for it thousands of misguided
advocates. Call it by its proper name, "rob-
bery of the masses to enrich a supercilious and
domineering aristocracy," and it will soon fall
into merited disgrace and odium. Its advo-
cates who had been watching and praying and
laboring to bring about such an opportunity
seized upon the occasion of the withdrawal
of the southern representatives from Congress
to immediately inaugurate and force upon the
country the tariff of 1861, known as the "Mor-
rill tariff." Its injustice and outrageous dis-
criminations in favor of the capitalists and
against the laboring men, especially of the
West, were clearly and forcibly pointed out and
demonstrated at the time. But the advocates
of the bill, claiming a monopoly of all the loy-
alty of the country, and insisting that it was a
revenue measure and necessary for the main-
tenance and credit of the Government in that
time of war, succeeded by this false clamor in
passing it through Congress and placing it upon
the statute-book as a law of the land. The
effect of it was the almost instantaneous doub-
ling the price of everything purchased for con-
sumption by the people of the West.
But we were in the midst of war, and the pa-
triotic people, although disapproving of many
measures of the Government,, were not dis-
posed to cavil at them in that time of peril.
Indeed the masses of the people regarded this
sudden and extraordinary increase in the cost
of the necessaries of life as the natural result
of the war, and did not realize that in the main
it was caused by a legislative fraud. Under
the operations of this bill the profits of the
manufacturers were enormous, and they found
themselves, as if by magic, rolling in more
than oriental wealth and splendor. A super-
ficial observer would have supposed very nat-
urally that these favored classes thus daily
receiving enormous bounties, drawn from the
pittances of the toiling masses, would have
rested contented without asking for further
legislation in" their behalf. But, sir, it is the
old story of privileged classes. Having once
tasted the forbidden fruit of legislative rob-
bery, their unholy demands are ever increas-
ing. Avarice and extortion always grow by
what they feed on. Although these lordly man-
ufacturers were building palatial residences,
sporting princely equipages, and regularly de-
claring annual dividends of twenty, forty, sixty,
and in many instances one and two hundred
per cent, on their capitals, the very next Con-
gress was met by their clamors for more "pro-
tection," or, in other words, for the privilege
of adding to the price of their goods, and thus
more thoroughly robbing the consumer. They
insisted that they were in danger of being ruined
without more "protection." And that very
wise and accommodating Congress almost im-
mediately passed a joint resolution increasing
the entire duties fifty per cent., whichresolu-
tion remained in force until the existing op-
pressive tariff was enacted in 1864, carrying
out the-demands of the manufacturers.
