700
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
REGISTERING 01 VESSELS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to take up House
bill No. "204, to regulate (he registering of ves-
sels ; which was reported yesterday from the
Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to; and the Setfate, as
in Commitlee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill, which provides that 110 ship or
vessel which has been recorded or registered as
an American vessel, pursuant to law, and which
has been licensed or otherwise authorized to
sail under a foreign flag, and to have the pro-
tection of any foreign Government during the
existence of the rebellion, shall be deemed or
registered as an American vessel, or shall have
the rights and privileges of American vessels,
except under the provisions of an act of Con-
gress authorizing such registry.
Mr. SHERMAN. When that bill was called
tip yesterday, it struck me that the policy of
excluding from the American marine all the
vessels that, tempoiarily took shelter under a
foreign flag during the war, and when the Gov-
ernment of the United States was unable to
protect them from the depredations of priva-
teers, was a bad one. It certainly is the object
of the Government of the United States to have
as large a mercantile marine as possible ; and
I do not think we ought to blame the ship-
owners who temporarily sought shelter under
a foreign flag when their vessels were liable to
be captured at any moment by privateers built
in England, but sailing -under the confederate
flag. The object of this bill, if I understand
it, is to punish the owners of these vessels by a
forfeiture of all their rights, and to prevent
them from again enrolling themselves under
the American flag and carrying on ordinary
commerce under the protection of the Ameri-
can law. That is the purpose. It seems to nie
to be an unwise one. It is too severe a punish-
ment for seeking temporarily the protection of
a foreign (lag. It will reduce the American
marine I do not know how many tons; the Sen-
ator from Michigan no doubt can tell us; but
I am told a pretty large number. Perhaps lie
will inform the Senate the number of vessels
which sought shelter under foreign flags during
the recent, war.
It seems to me, however, as the war is non-
over, that there is 110 impropriety or no im-
policy in allowing these vessels again to be what
they wore before, American vessels, with all the
privileges granted by our laws to American ves-
sels. The punishment, that is now soughtlo be
inflicted upon the owners of these vessels is en-
tirely too severe for the crime or offense that
they have committed. Indeed, when any one
owning a vessel sailing under our flag found
that, 011 account of reasons beyond his control
and beyond the control of the Government, his
vessel was liable to capturc and seizure by a
pirate on the seas, I do not see anylhing very
wrong in his temporarily placing his ship under
the protection of another flag lor the purpose
of cariying on commercial operations. J Ie did
not renounce his allegiance ; he simply placed
his vessel in a more favorable situation to cariv
on commercial operations. There is no doubt
that many of the owners of these vessels who
thus sought to protect their property tempora-
rily under a foreign flag are among our most
eminontaudmostskillful commercial men ; men
who have been patriotic, and who have poured
out, their wealth freely, and in many eases have
sent their sons info the war: and I do not think
that they ought to be very severely punished for
what they have done in this respect during the
war. It was not regarded as a very great of-
fense at the time. The discrimination against
American vessels by insurance companies
amounted to several per cent, and in some cases
American vessels were absolutely driven off of
certain trade and these owners were compelled
by events, over which they had no control, cither
to sell their vessels outright, or to seek tempo-
rarily the protection of another flag. To ex-
clude all oJ these vessels now from the Ameri-
can maiiue would be simply to punish ourselves
without accomplishing auv great good. This
is the view that I take of" it. If the Commit- !
tee on Commerce have examined the question
thoroughly and can give us any light upon it, I
should be very glad to hear it. I read the de-
bate in the House of Representatives on this
bill. It excited some attention there, and it
seemed to_ me no reason was given sufficient to
justify us in striking out of the list of American
vessels all the vessels that temporarily sought
shelter under a foreign flag during the recent
war.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, by a law
of 1793 all vessels that have been absolutely
sold and sold under a foreign flag are now pro-
hibited frojn obtaining an American register.
The sole object of this addendum to the old law
is to place all on the same footing; that is, to
prevent those who have made a pretended and
fraudulent sale from standing belter before the
law than those who have made a bona fide sale.
Under that old law of 3703, 110 ship that had
been transferred to a foreign flag can return
under the protection of the American flag with-
out a specific act of Congress. I do not think
myself that this bill is necessary. I think that
that law of 1793 covers the entire ground. I
do not believe that the person who made a pre-
tended sale can to-day get his ship back with-
out an act of Congress. But this bill places
the honest and the dishonest man upon an ex-
act equality before the law ; they must each of
them have an act of Congress to bring their
vessel back under the American flag, and it is
for Congress to decide in each case whether it
is for the interest of the Government to permit
them to resume their nationality. I am in-
formed by shipping merchants largely engaged
m commerce, that the great majority, four
fifths of all our shipping merchants have paid
the extra ten per cent, insurance imposed upon
them during the war, and that a large propor-
tion of those who have pretended to transfer
their ships without an absolute bale weie dis-
loyal men who desiied to obtain an advantage
over the loyal man who would not change his
flag. The object is to protect those who have
stood by their flag, to give those whohave made
a false sale no benefit over those whohave made
a bona jide sale, so as to place them all upon
an equality before the law. I think the old
law covers the. ground completely, and yet in
the estimation of the House there was a doubt,
and they have passed this bill to prevent pre-
tended transfers from having a preference over
real buna Jide transfers which were prohibited
under the old law.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I desire simply to say
that it is known to every one that we were not
able to afford protection to our commercial
marine pending the recent troubles. They were
compelled to seek the protection of other flags
in order to carry ou our own home commerce
and transact the business of our own people.
It became a necessity for thtyu to sail undei the
flags of other nations. They weie not safe upon
flie high seas under our flag, and they could
not pay (he immense insurance risks (hat it was
necessary to pay if they were under American
colors. There is 110 sound reason in policy or
injustice why any extraordinary burden, such
as requiring a special act of Congress, should
be imposed upon that large merchant marine
that was compelled to occupy that position. I
hope (lie bill will not pass, and upon the pas-
sage of it, when the question upon its passage
shall be before the Senate, I should like to
have the yeas and nays.
Mr. WILSON. I would like to have this
bill go over until to-morrow morning.
Mr. CHANDLER. There is to be 110 more
debate upon it. I will make no reply to the
Senator from California. I hope the yeas and
nays will be given the Senator.
Mr. WILSON. If there is to be a vote taken
upon it, I have no objection.
Mr. CHANDLER. There will be a vote upon
it. It is a clear case.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and
was read the third time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. On the
passage of the bill the yeas and nays are
demanded.
The yeas and nays were ordered. #
Mr. GRIMES. I understand this bill simply
says that where a person has transferred a ship
to a foreign flag during the pendency of the
recent war, it shall not be recommissioned and
reregistered as an American vessel until there
shall be some action upon it by Congress in
each particular case.
Mr. CHANDLER. That is the whole of it.
Mr. GRIMES. That is the law now in re-
gard to each particular case, and it seems to
me eminently proper this bill should pass. There
are cases, perhaps, where the party owning the
vessel ought to be permitted to reregister his
vessel, but there arc certain cases where they
ought by no means to be permitted to reregister
their vessels. The Senator from Ohio speaks
of this bill as being a penalty that is to be in-
flicted upon ship-owners who have transferred
their vessels to a neutral flag. We ought to
impose a penalty upon them. If you do not,
Mr. President, when yon have another war, the
first day that war is declared, all the shipping
of the United States will be transferred to a
neutral flag; and how are you goingloreenforce
your Navy? How are you going to secure ves-
sels to keep up a blockade such as you kept up
during the recent war? There ought to be a
penalty imposed on these men who have shirked
the payment of this ten per cent, insurance
which the honest and patriotic ship-owners have
paid, and who now, after having enjoyed all the
advantages of foreign vessels in the carrying
trade, and after having filled their pockets with
Biitish gold, come here and ask to be put upon
precisely the same foundation with the loyal
ship-owners who luave been paying, duiing the
lu>t five 3 cars, this ten per cent, insurance. I
am as much interested in what gentlemen from
the West call theirinterestsiu the carrying trade
as any other man can be, but it seems to me it
is manifestly duo to the shipping interests of
the country, and to the patriotism of the coun-
try, that a bill of this kind should pass.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill, resulted—yeas 31,
nays 12; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Anibony, Brown, Chandler, Clark,
Conner, Crnsrin, Dixon, Doolittle, Fesscnden, Foot,
Foster, (trimes Harris, Henderson, ITowe, Kirkwood,
Lane of Indiana, Lane ot Kansas, Morgan, Morrill,
Poland. Pomeroy, Ramsev, Stewart, Sumner, Trum-
bull, Van Wmkic, Wade, AViliey, Williams, and Wil-
son—,'U.
NAYS—Messrs. Davis Outline, Hendrielcs, John-
son, McDouaall, Nesmith, N01 tori, Riddle, Saulabury,
Sherman. Sprae:ue, and Stockton—\Z.
ABSKXT- Mes^r^. Buekalew, Cowan, Crcswcll,
Howard, Nye, "Wriuht, and Yates—7.
So the bill was passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE IIOrSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiiersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
a joint resolution (II. It. No. 1 7) giving the con-
sent of Congre.-s to the transfer of the counties
of Berkeley and Jefferson to the State of West
Virginia, in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed without
amendment the following bill and joint reso-
lution of the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 8G) granting the franking priv-
ilege to Mary Lincoln ; and
A joint resolution CS. II. No. 20) for flic pay-
ment of the expenses incurred by the joint com-
mittee to inquire into the condition of the States
which formed the so-called confederate States
of America.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the joint
resolution (S. K. No. 20) extending the time
for the completion of the Burlington and Mis-
souri River railroad, with amendments, in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the bill
(S. No. 60) to enlarge the powers of the Frced-
men's Bureau, with amendments, in whicH it,
requested the concurrence of the Senate..
