THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
July 9,
ffie Senate bill. I made an explanation on
Saturday and .my colleague [Mr. Spalding}
objected, but he afterwatd agreed to withdraw
v his objection; but it was too late to bring the
matter up on that day.
. Mr. WASHBUBNE, of Illinois. Do I un-
derstand that the Senate bill is now before the
House together with the House bill?
The SPEAKER. It is if there is no, objec-
tion. Otherwise the gentleman may move to
suspend the rules for the purpose .of reporting
it back. *
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope there will be
no object-ion.
Mi-. SPALDING. I will state that I ob-
jected on Saturday, but I am satisfied now that
it is merely a matter of pride between the two
committees of Congress, and I withdraw my
objection.
No objection was made, and the bill was
accordingly introduced.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the previous ques-
tion on the adoption of the substitute.
' The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I demand
the yeas and nays. •
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question being taken on the adoption of
the substitute, it was decided in the affirmative—
yeas 95, nays 30, not voting 57 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Delps R. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Barker,
Baxter, Bidwell, Bromwoll, B u ck 1 a n d .B u n d y, Header
AV. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cook,Dawes, Daw-
son, Defrees. Demiug, Dixon, Dodge, Driggs, Eckley,
Egglcston, Eliot, Farnswoith, F.irquhar, Ferry, Gar-
field, Grinnell, Hale, Abner C. Harding, Hayes. Hen-
derson, Higby, Holmes, Hooper, Asahel AV. IIubbard,
Chester D. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, John H. Hub-
bard, James II. Iiubbell, Hulburd, Humphrey, Inger
soil, Julian, Kasson, Ivelley, XCelso, Ketcham, Laflin,
fcecorge V. Lavrrence, William Lawrence, Longyear,
Marston, Marvin, McClurg, Mereur, Miller, Moor-
hoad,Morrill, Morris, Myers, Newell, O'Neill, I'aine,
Perliam, Plants, Pomeroy, Price, AlexanderH.Rice,
ttolUus, Kousseiui, Sawyer, Sohenck, Scoiield, Shcl-
labarger, Smith, Spalding, Stevens, Xaber, Van Aor-
nam.Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Ward,
Elihu B. Washbiirne, Henry D. Washburn, William
B. Washburn, Welkcr, Wentwortli, Williams, and
Woodhridge—95.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, James M. Ashley. Ben-
iamin, Boutwell, Boyer, Davis, EMridge, Finek,
Glossbrenner, Aaron Harding, Ilogan, Johnson, Kerr,
Latham, Loan, Marshall, McCullough, MoKee, Nib-
laek, Samuel J, Randall, Bitter, Rogers, Ross, Shanlc-
lin, Strouse, Thayer, John L. Thomas, Thornton,
Trimble, and James 1?. Wilson—30.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Beaman, Bergen, Bing-
ham, Blaino, Blow, Brandegee, Broomall, Chanlcr,
Coffroth, Conkling, Cuilom, Culver, Darling,Delano,
Denison, Donnelly,Dumont, Goodyear, Grider,Gris-
woltl, Harris, Hart, Hill, Hotchkiss. Edwin N. Hub-
bell, Jenekes, Jones, Kuykendall, lie Blond, Lynch,
Mclndoe, MeRuer,Moulton, Nicholson, Noell,Ortli,
Patterson, Pholns, Pike. Radford, William IT. Ran-
dall, Raymond, John II. R ice, Sitgreavcs, Sloan, Starr,
Stilwell, Taylor, Francis Thonia.s, Trowbridge, (j pson,
Warner, Whaloy,Stephen I?. Wilson, AVindom, AVin-
fiold, and Wright—57.
So the substitute was agreed to.
The bill, as amended^ was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed,_ it was •accordingly read the third
time and Massed.
Mr. SCHEiNCK. I move to amend the title
so as to read "A bill to reorganize and establish
the Army of the United States."
Mr. THAYER. I would like to move to
amend it so as to read "A bill to disorganize
the Army of the United States."
_ The motion of Mr. Schengk to amend the
title was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCIC moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and the title
amended; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.,
message fxiom tub senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Fqrjiey,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had- passed joint resolution of the House
No. 101, for the relief of certain officers of the
Army, with an amendment, in which the con-
currence of the House was requested.
Also, that the Senate had passed, without
amendment, House bill No. 730, relative^to
pilots and pilot regulations.
The message further informed the House
that the Committee on Enrolled Bills having'
reported to the Senate that in the examination
of the bill (S. No. 22-2) further to prevent
smuggling, and for other purposes, it appeared
that the committee of conference reported no
recommendation upon sundry amendments of
the House of Representatives to the said bill,
it was resolved that the Senate reconsider its
vote agreeing to the report of the committee of
conference, and that the bill and report be re-
committed to the said committee of conference.
internaii revenue law.
Mr. MORRILL, by unanimous consent,
offered the following resolution; which was
referred to the Committee on Printing under
the law:
Resolved, That twenty thousand copies of the in-
ternal revenue law, so called, shall be printed as
amended, so as to incorporate the entire law, for the
use of the members of the House.
register op deeds in the district.
Mr. ING-ERSOLL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to regulate the fees of the
register of deeds for the District of Columbia;
which was read a first and second time and
referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
prevention op smuggling.
Mr. ELIOT. I ask unanimous consent
that Senate bill No. 222, for the prevention of
smuggling, and for other purposes, be recom-
mitted to the committee of conference, with a
view to the correction of an error. I will state
that the Senate has already taken this action,
and that there is a message on the Speaker's
table on the subject.
No objection was made.
The SPEAKER laid before the Hoflse the
following message from the Senate:
In ejekatlfeof the united states,
„ - July 9, ] 306.
The Committee on Enrolled Bills having reported
to tho Senate that on examining the bill (5. No. 222)
further to preventsmuggling.andfor otherpurposes,
it appcarpd that theconnnittee of conference reported
no recommendations on sundry amendments of the
House of Representatives to said bill, it is resolved
that the Senate reconsider its vote agreeing to the
report of the committee of conference, and that the
bill and report be recommitted to tho committeo of
conference.
There being no objection, tho House con-
curred in the action of the Senate recommitting
the bill to the committee of conference.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to proceed to busi-
ness on the Speaker's table, for the purpose o£
considering the first bill on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
army appropriations.
The first business on the Speaker's table
was bill of the House No. 456, to extend the
benefits of section four of an act making ap-
propriations for the support of the Army for
the .year ending June 30,1866, approved March
3,1865, returned from'the Senate with an amend-
ment.
The amendment of the Senate was to strike
out at the end of the bill the words '' that date''
and insert in lieu thereof the words "the 9th
day of April, 1865."
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope that amendment
will be concurred in. It is a mere correction.
The amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in.
Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment of the Senate was
concurred in ; and also moved to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
tariff bill.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the rules be
suspended and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on'the state of the Union, (Mr.
SooFiBLi) in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the special order, being bill.of the
House No. 718, to provide increased revenue
from imports, and for other purposes.
The Clerk read as follows:  
Sec. 17. And be it further enacted. That in determin-
ing the dutiable value of all merchandise imported
from foreign countries on which duties are imposed
by this act, or by any existing law, the entiro cost of
such merchandise shall be taken, which shall appear
on the invoice, certified by tho consul of the United
States at the* place of original purchase or.produe-
tion, as haying been paid by the purchaser to any
party for or on account of said goods; and if such
purchase and certification shall be at an interior
town, city, or locality of any foreign country there
shall be added to such entire original cost all actual
costs of transportation to the last port of shipment
for the United States, and all costs of preparation or
preservation pa,id or accruing in such port of last
shipment, except only the actual cost of removal
from warehouse on board the vessel for final expor-
tation, and excepfrthe commission or brokerage paid
for the care of such shipment, not exceedingtwo and
one half per cent. And if the importer of any mer-
chandise shall neglect or refuse to placc upon his
invoice, when offered for entry, all elements or items
of actual cost so paid or accruing, or shall offer for
entry as the total value any bills paid for such mer-
chandise not completely finished, baled, packed, or
marked, or shall omit to include tho value of the
casks, bottles, or other articles containing wines or
liquors, or shall omit the proper cost of boxes or of
packing of cigars, such omission shall be held to be
an undervaluation of the invoice, and the officers of
customs examining and appraising the same shall
add the said items of cost, and shall impose the pen-
alties now prescribed by law for undervaluations:
Provided. That any importer of merchandise may
add items of cost paid f>r accruing after certification
by the consul at tho time of making entry without
incurring penalty; but if the invoico value, as cer-
tified, bo. twenty per cent, less than tho real or actual
cost, all packages and costs of putting up included,
then tho said importer shall not bo entitled to correct
the entry without penalty, but shall, if tho addition
be to the extent of twenty per cent, upon the certi-
fied value, pay twenty per cent, additional as penal
duty; and if said importer shall not offer to correct
such undervaluation on entry he shall pay fifty per
cent, penal duty; and if the undervaluation be thirty
per cent, or over the merchandise shall be absolutely
forfeited to the United Statest and all charges of a
general character incurred in the purchase of a gen-
eral invoice shall be distributed pro rata upon all
the parts of such invoico; and every part thereof
charged with duties based on value, whether specific
or ad valorem, shall be advanced according to its pro-
portion, and all wines, or other articles paying spe-
cific duty by.grades shall be graded, and pay duty
according to the actual cost so determined.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend in line
three by inserting after the words "foreign
countries" the words "except as hereinafter
otherwise provided."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. IIALE. I move to amend in line nine
by striking out the words "an interior" and
inserting " any," and also by inserting after
.the word "country," in line ten, the words
other than the last port of shipment for the
.United Statesso that it will read:
That in determining the dutiable value of all mer-
chandise imported from foreign countries on which
duties are imposed by this act, or by any existing law,
the entire cost of such merchandise shall be taken,
which shall appear on the invoice, certified by the
consul of the United States at the place of original
purchase or production as having'been paid by the
purchaser to any party for or on account of said goods;
and if such purchase and certification shall be at any
town, city, or locality of any foreign country, other
than the last port of shipment for the United States,
there shall be added to such entire original cost all
actual costs of transportation to tho last port of ship-
ment for the United States, and all costs of prepara-
tion or preservation paid or accruing in such port of
last shipment, except only the actual cost of removal
. from warehouse*on board the vessel for final exporta-
tion, and except the commission or brokerage paid
for the care of such shipment, not exceeding two and
one half per cent.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts.' I move to
add to the seventeenth section the following
proviso:
And provided further, That all goods, wares, and
merchandise in bonded warehouses or on shipboard
and bound to tho United States from any foreign port
when this act shall take effect shall be subject to the
conditions and rates of duties which were applicable
to said goods, wares, and merchandise on the 1st day
of June, 1866.
Mr. THAYER. I suggest to the gentleman
from Massachusetts that that amendment would
come in more appropriately at the close of the
twenty-second section.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. Very well; I
withdraw it for the present.
Mr. TAYLOR. I move to strike out this
seventeenth section as amended. Mr. Chair-
man, I make the motion to amend for the
opportunity that it will afford of saying a few
words in opposition to this bill. I admire the
