1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8685
frankness with which the friends of the meas-
ure admit its purpose—protection to the man-
ufacturers. It is generally supposed that the
aim and end of all sound~ legislation should be
to advance the interests of the many with as
little detriment to the few as possible. This
wise maxim is entirely disregarded in the pres-
ent instance, as it has been in many others in
this Congress. The converse of the maxim
seems to be the ruling idea which governs our
present legislation, and gentlemen seem to
rack their brains how to most successfully
devise lawsthat will be of the greatest good to
the smallest number. This I think can be
clearly demonstrated by the operation of the
bill under consideration. Out of a population
of about thirty-four millions there is perhaps
one in five engaged in manufacturing; hence
four fifths of the population are required to
contribute something to the private advantage
of one fifth without receiving in return the
slightest equivalent. The effect and operation
of this law will be in the United States to com-
pel the many to cater to the few, arid abroad
to provoke retaliation. If we close our ports
to foreign importations by a prohibitory tariff
will not foreign countries do the same and
exclude our productions? Most assuredly they
will. What, then, becomes of our eommcrcial
marine which has been our pride and boast,
and which has contributed so much to our
greatness and prosperity? We shall have no
further use for our ships, but, like the Jap-
anese, must remain content to live within our-
selves, and allow one of our most hitherto cher-
ished interests to perish to foster another, to
the minds of many of less importance.
Again, if this measure becomes a law it will
enhance the price of stocks of goods on hand. In
fact, it is well known that the introduction and
discussion of this bill has already had that effect
in anticipation of its passage. I am told that
there is If gentleman present to whose colossal
fortune the passage of this bill will add a half
a million of dollars. Whether that be true or
not will depend entirely upon the amount of
goods he may have on hand.
When we had the tax bill before us a reduc-
tion of the tax on manufactures and manu-
factured goods was demanded. The reason
assigned for this demand was that taxes being
so high goods could be imported and sold for
less than the cost, including taxes, of the same
article produced in this country. The taxes
were reduced and the manufacturers seemed
satisfied, but now that an opportunity is offered
I find them rushing here demanding protec-
tion, and pleading that unless they are pro-
tected they will be obliged to suspend busi-
ness. Does any one believe the statement?
Is not the fact patent to all that notwithstanding
the high taxes which they have been obliged to
pay manufacturers have all made money? Mr.
Chairman, it is all a sham. The pretext is too
shallow to deceive any one. The object of
those holding large stocks of goods is to en-
hance their value and the manufacturers to
drive a fair competition out of our markets
and enable them to compel .the consumer to
pay any exorbitant price they may choose to
place on their goods.
" Freedom of trade is the life of trade.'' * *
18 "■ "Men should have the right to exercise
their industry, to dispose of its fruits in any market
which to them shall seem best, and buy wherever
they please, subject to no other limitation than the
revenue necessities which the Governmentdemand."
Believing that "protection to the producer
is robbery to the consumer with the added
hypocrisy of pretending to look after the lat-
ter's interest," I shall feel myself constrained
to vote against the bill.
I will only add that the following circular
received by me this morning from dealers in
hardware and cutlery in the city of New York,
shows most conclusively the unreasonable and
prohibitory nature of the proposed increase of
the present tariff:
The importers of hardware and cutlery of Now
York respectfully submit the following statements
in reference to those goods tor the consideration of
tjie members of the Thirty-Ninth Congress:
The enormous rates of duty proposed to bo levied
upon hardware and cutlery indicate a regard for spe-
cial interests to the entire sacrifice of revenue and
great injury of consumers. It might have been ex-
pected that the protection of a war tariff of fifty per
cent, on pocket cutlery, and thirty-five per cent, on
table cutlery, and on files thirty percent, ad valorem,
and six cents per pound on some and ten cents per
pound on others, averaging sixty-six per cent, on
files, &c., on which many domestic manufacturers
have become wealthy, would have satisfied them, and
that the country might now be allowed the receipt
of revenuo from those which are imported, when it is
remembered that, in addition to the import duties,
•the domestic manufacturer enjoys protection to the
extent of ten to thirty per ceaf in the cost of freights,
packages, commissions, &e.
But it is now proposed, by taxing all pocketcntlery
costing under five dollars with a specific duty of sev-
enty-five cents per dozen, and costing five dollars per
dozen and above, with two dollars per dozen in addi-
tion to fifty per cent, ad valorem; to tax every child's
kn-ife costing sixpence sterling per dozen, (custom-
house value twelve cents,) with both rates of tax
eighty-one cents; which is six hundred and seveDty-
five per cent. On every boy's knife which costs one
shillingand threepence or thirty cents per dozen, the
two duties will amount to ninety cents, equal to three
hundred per cent.; and on every farmer's knife cost-
ing three shillings or seventy-two cents, the tariff will
be SI 11, or one hundred and fifty-lour per cent.; while
the duty on all pocket knives costing (custom-house
value) seventy-two cents to $9 6t>, will average sev-
enty-two per cent. Surely the present tariff of fifty
per cent, ad valorem should be enough to satisfy any
one.
In table cutlery a considerable quantity is imported,
which costs six shillings per gross or $1 44; the spe-
cific duty, as the elause passed the House, is twelve
cents per dozen, or $1 44 per gross, with the forty-
five per cent, ad valorem, is $2 09, equal to one hun-
dred and forty-five per cent. The table cutlery,
extensively used through the country, costing six-
teen shillings, or $3 86 per gross; the specific and
ad valorem duty is S3 18, or eighty-two per cent.
Ivory table knives, costing six shillings per dozen or
$1 44, are to bear a specific duty of one dollar per
dozen and ad valorem forty-five per cent., together
$165, or one hundred and fifteen per cent., and a ten-
shilling tablo knife, custom-house value SI2 42, with
both rates bears a duty of §2 09, equal to eighty-six
per cent. Now, is it not reasonable that the present
tariff of thirty-five per cent, should be sufficient, or
could there not be moderation enough to dispense
with the specific now proposed ?
An English twelve-inch fiat bastard file, used by
nearly every mechanic, (custom-house value $3 20.)
with, the proposed heavy specific of two dollars per
dozen is taxed ninety-one per cent., while mill and
taper files, used by every farmer, are proposed to be
taxed in the same proportion; German files, being
of less cost, are taxed on the average one hundred
and forty-one per cent.
The proposed duty on German wrought nails va-
ries from one hundred and forty-one ta one hundred
and filty-five percent.; halterand dog chains, eighty-
one per cent.: coil chain, one hundred and ten to one
hundred and thirty-five per cent.; trace chains, one
hundred and thirty-four to one hundred and fifty-
four percent.; hooks and hinges, one hundred and
eighty-three per cent.; on curry-combs andpadlocks,
with specific twenty-five cents and ad valorem forty-
live per cent.; on cheaper kinds, costing from eighteen
to forty-eight cents per dozen—of which great quan-
tities are used—the tariff is proposed to be ninety-
three to one hundred and eighty-four per cent.
On the article of saws, used by every farmer, the
specific and ad valorem duties will average seventy-
seven to one hundred' and sixty-three per cent.
All these goods come into general use by the bulk of
the community, especially among the poorer classes,
many of whom have not the means to pay high prices;
thus revenue will be sacrificed and the population
generally injured. Besides which, manufacturers
here have the facilities for supplying only a very
small portion of thedemand, wtiich of itself will tend
to high prices. Then in addition to the direct spe-
cific and oA valorem rates above named, the proposed
tariff imposes duty on casks, packages, commissions,
&c., which on low-priced goods are very heavy, reach-
ing to twenty per cent, and over on net cost of many
goods. This is in addition to present tariff.
It is submitted whether tho provisions of this bill
do not call for very grave consideration, aud will it
not be for the iuteiest of mauufactureis themselves,
as well as that of the country at large, to adhere on
thesegoods to the present tariff, which is largely pro-
tective, rather than press these prohibitive rates and
provoke continued unsettlemcnt, as it is believed by
many, if these enormous duties are passed they can-
not be permanent.
An exhibit of rates of duty on hardware and cut-
lery in proposed tariff now under consideration, from
which the above statements are made, will be for-
warded quickly as possible for your perusal and con-
sideration.
BROWN. HARRIS & HOPKINS,
WILLIS, CORNELL & COREY,
WILLIAM BRYCE & CO.,
QUACKENBUSH. TOWNSEND & CO.,
LOODERBACK, GILBERT & CO.,
SHETHAR & ELAGLER,
YALE, MACFARLANE & CO.,
HOWARD. SANGER & CO.
BEAM & MURRAY,
SHELDON. HOYT & CO.,
COEFIN, LEE & CO..
SHERMAN BROTHERS.
MULFORD & SPRAGUE,
GEORGE W. ALBUSTUS,
AUG. W. PAYNE.
New Yoke, July 3,1SG6.
Mr. MORRILL. I suppose the motion of
my friend from New York [Mr. Taxlou] was
made merely to hang a speech upon. Although
he does not happen to represent the celebrated
county in North Carolina, evidently his speech
was made for Buncombe. As he has accom-
plished liis purpose, I hope his motion will not
prevail.
Mr. TAYLOR. I withdraw my motion to
strike out.
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec. IS. Andlrcit further enacted, That no return of
duties on account of damage to merchandise on tho
voyage of importation shall hereafter bo made, except
as hereinafter provided, and upon the articles herein
named; but it shall be lawful for any importer of
merchandise, or ior the representative or representa-
tives of such importer, as insurers or otheiwibe, to
abandon to the United States the whole or any part
of any importation which may have received damage
on the voyage; but no quantity shall be so abandoned
tho dutiable value of which on the original invoice
was less than twenty-five dollars; norshallany Quan-
tity be so abandoned less than one whole package.
And notice of intention to abandon any part of an
importation shall be given in writing by the importer
or his representative within ten days from the date
of original entry of the said good?2; and in the said
notice the marks and numbers of the package?, witli
the original and proper value of the said portions,
shall be given; and the collector shall then direct the
appraisers of damage or officers acting as such to ex-
amine the said goods as for allowance of damage, and
they shall return a written report of such examina-
tion, approving or disapproving such abandonment; "
and if appioved, the collector shall direct the duties
paid on the entry of such merchandise to be refunded.
And the appraisers shall also report, at the same time,
whether the said abandoned merchandise isof value
sufficient to pay tho expenses of custody and sale, atfd
if so, thesame shall be sofd at auction by the collector,
and the proceeds, less the expenses of said sale, shall
be paid into the l\easuiy; and if tho merchandise
shall be reported as of value not sufficient to justify
sale, the same shall be destroyed, or otherwise dis-
posed of, as the collector shall direct.
And the following described articles and merchan-
dise only shall be excepted fiom the operation of tho
preceding provision, and may be admitted to return
of duties on account of damage on tho voyage of im-
portation, as follows:
On tea, damage may be awarded not above twenty
percent.; on coffee, not above twenty percent.; on
manufactures of textile fabrics fully wet by salt water,
not above twenty per cent.; and no damage shall be
awarded on textile fabrics of every description for
any other cause than actual immersion in or wetting
with salt water; on machinery for tue manufacture
of textile fabrics, damage may be awarded from
breakage or by salt water to the extent of fifteen per
cent., of whatever material such machinery may bo
composed: on sumac, not above twenty per cent.; on
tin, tinned iron, and terne tm, not above fifteen per
cent.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike oufc this
section and to insert in lieu thereof the section
which I send to the Clerk's debk to be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
And be itfurth°f cnact-ed, That the Secretary of the
Treasury he, and he is hereby, authorized to extend
to the Alabama and Florida Railroad Company a
credit of five years on the duties on the railroad iron
and fastenings necessary to relay thirty-seven miles
of the track of the Alabama and Florida railroad,
between the city of Ptmsacola to the Alabama State
line, from which therails and fastenings were removed
by the so-called confederate authorities against the
remonstrances of the officeis of said railroad company
and the imunctions of the court du* ing tho late re-
bellion: Providfd, That the said railroad company
i shall first give security to the satisfaction of tho said
j Secretary for the pavment of such duties with semi-
annual interest at the rate of six per cent, on or be-
fore the expiration of said credit; and that the said
iron shall be used for no purpose but that bciore
stated until said duties have been paid; and further,
that the United States authorities can use said sccu-
i rities in payment for any services said railroad com-
pany may render for them should any services be
rendered.
Mr. MORRILL. The section which I have
moved to btrike out is one subject to quite
weighty objections, and will require consider-
able amendment even if it should be allowed
to be retained. Therefore the Committee of
Ways and Means have instructed me to move
to strike it out; and if it is to be inserted at
all, let it be inserted by the Senate.
The new section which I have moved, by di-
rection of the Committee of Ways and Means,
to insert in place of this eighteenth section, is
for the purpose of allowing a railroad running
from Pensacola to the Alabama State line, and
which was utterly destroyed during the late war,
a credit upon the iron which is now on the way,
or perhaps has alreadj' arrived from abroad, for
the relaying of the road. It will amount to about
sixty thousand dollars. Now, while I am dis-
posed "to quarrel for the ninth part of a hair"
