286
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 9,
Ho. of Reps.
The Tariff—Mr. Marshall.
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
total production of rails in this country, new and re-
rollod, in 1859, was 195,195 tons; in 1861,335,308 tons,
and the present capacity in 1866 of the mills in this
country is 755,000 tons:' Now, during this period of
two years the importation of foreign rails was larger
than at any previous period, yet with all this the iron
interest has thriven remarkably. Had it not been
for the importation of foreign rails, thousands of
miles of important railroad lines would not now have
been in existence, and millions of acres o£productive
land would still be without access to a market.
"AFe call the attention of the farmers of America
to these facts. Without railroads their farms would
be almost worth!ess; without railroads Illinoiswould
to-day be a thinly-settled, povcrty-stricken plain; by
its railroad system i t has become one of the wealthiest
and most populous States of tho Union. The country
needs nothing so much as more and cheaper railroads;
bufcthoprotectionists arenowlayingeuch atariff upon
railroad iron as will cripple the greater number of the
railroads in this country, and entirely stop the build-
ing of new roads, and for what? To put enormous
profits in the pockets of a few iron-masters, who, after
all, cannot make half the iron absolutely needed by
the country. That is 'protection' to iron—but ruin
to agriculture."
It may be said, sir, tliat the language I use
in denunciation of this measure is extraordinary
and unjustifiable. Iadmitthatit is strong, and
would be unjustifiable if the measure itself
would admit of milder language. But, sir,
when a bill of this character is brought into
the House, which will inevitably have the effect,
not to raise revenue for the Government, but
to rob my constituents, I would be recreant in
my duty to them if I did not call it by its proper
name. In using such language I do not stand
alone. Leading and influential Republican
journals that heretofore tamely submitted to
the robberies that have been perpetrated under
the tariff laws from 1861 to this time, have been
so shocked at this*. additional outrage that they
have not hesitated to denounce it in the boldest
and most fearless manner. The Chicago Tri-
bune, the leading Republican journal of the
West, says of it:
" It is such a bare-faced cheat that no man in the
community, who has not a stock of goods on hand on
tho sale of which he expects to rob his neighbors from
twenty to one hundred per cent, of their value, can
fail to sec and denounce it."
Again it says:
"The proposed increase of tho tariff is an attempt
on the part of its advocates to take about two hun-
dred million dollars at one swoop out of the pockets
of the rightful owners, and transfer it to tho manu-
facturers, merchants, jobbers, and speculators who
have goods on hand, whether of domestic or foreign
production. It is a pure scheme of plunder, without
the slightest excuse or palliation."
And again:
" Tho new tariff bill reported by the Committee of
Ways and Moans is a financial monstrosity, the like
of which is rarely1seen in any age or climo. It is
hardly necessaryto specify particular articles in tho
bill. Turn which way wc will a new mountain of
taxation rises before us—taxation avowedly not to
put money into the national Treasury, but to keep
it out—taxation to wring money from the many and
give it to the few." ******
"Mr. Morrill says that tho proposed tariff is tem-
porary. It cannot be so temporary that it will not
take from two to lour hundred million dollars out of
the pockets of those who have earned it and transfer
it to tho pockets of those who have not earned it."
The New York Evening Post and Cincin-
nati Commercial, leading Republican journals,
have also denounced the bill with equal vigor
and courage. The ISfew York Herald says
very forcibly: .
"Tho crowning act of infamous legislation, cor-
ruption, and imbecility of the present Congress is
about to be consummated in the passage of the tariff
bill reported by the Committee of Ways and Means.
This bill, if rightly named, should be called a bill
to enrich a few Kew England and Pennsylvania man-
ufacturers and a few rich merchants who have large
stocks of goods on hand, at the expense of the
rest of the community." * * * "*• "It
is estimated—and we think the estimate is mode-
rate—that if this tariff should become a law it would
put at once five hundred millions into the pockets of
those who hold stocks of goods and into the hands of
the forestalled." * * * * "Butwhopays
for all this? The farmers of the West and North,
the planters, the mechanics, laborers, and all the in-
dustrious clasps. They pay for it in enormous high
prices, and all to enrich a bloated monopoly."
That able paper, the New York Mercantile
Journal, says:
"The new tariff bill, as reported by Mr. Morrill,
is a most sweeping and radical measure. It changes
the rates of duties upon upward of four thousandsep-
arate articles. The free list is largely increased, but
it is composed almost exclusively of articles that do
not enter into general consumption, and which con-
stitute the raw material for manufactures. Upon
'articles of general consumption the changes are of a
most important character, and are from twenty to a
-hundred and fifty per cent, higher. In general, the
new tariff bill will add an average of about thirty per
ccnt. to the cost of living." * * * * "In
many cases the taxes amount to an absolute prohibi-
tion. This is an important departure from the estab-
lished principles of our Government and people, which
regard a tariff as a source of revenue rather than an
instrument of protection and monopoly."
$$ «'*$$$ * * sfs
"If tlie majority in Congress had devoted itself to
the work of stopping the leaks in the present law so
as to increase the revenue without adding to the
burdens of taxation or the cost of living, there could
be no objection to it. But we find that this was by
no means tho intention, and it is apparent, that if
the present bill should become a law, the cost of liv-
ing will be largely increased while the revenue will
bediininished. It cannot fail to excite surprise, that
after a brief two year's experience of the present law
themanufaeturersshould again desire increased pro-
tection, The explanation, howevor, isobvious. The
average duties of fifty per cent, ad valorem imposed
by tho law of 1864 increased the eostof labor and raw
products to that precise extent, and tho consequence
is, that the tax operates as a bounty on the ioreign
manufacturer, and ceases to benefit the American
pro.ducer. Hence, thero is a fresh demand for higher
duties, and if they should be adopted we shall have
another demand next year for additional duties. If
we increase thedutiesthis year from fiftyto seventy-
five percent, we must increase themnextyear to one
hundred per cent., because every increase of duties
is followed by a corresponding advance in prices.
Upon this principle we shall be constantly obliged
to adopt an increasing schedule of duties until we at
last reach the Japanese ideal of absolute exclusion."
But in addition to this iniquitous taxation
of the people of the West, this measure inflicts
upon them another wrong equally disastrous.
While you double the cost of the necessaries
of life you destroy our means of purchasing.
This bill, so far as it operates in the way of
prohibition, shuts up the foreign market for
western breadstuffs. The paper last quoted
says, truly:
" Tho prohibitive duti^ of the new tariff virtually
shut up the foreign market for western breadstuffs.
The foreign consumer has nothing but the products
of his labor to give in exchange for our wheat, corn,
beef, and pork; and if we exclude these from our
markets by a prohibitory tariff, wc deprive tho west-
ern farmers of their best customers. The conse-
quences are apparent. Our foreign customers are
necessarily obliged to seek new markets, whore tho
people will be willing to receive their products in
exchango for their overplus of commodities. Thero
can be no doubt that one of the results of the new
tariff will be to render American breadstuff and
products generally almost unsalable in foreign mar-
kets."
That such will be the legitimate result can-
not be denied by any one who has paid the
slightest attention to the principles of political
economy. These extracts, which might be
multiplied almost indefinitely, have been taken
from Republican and independent journals,
and show at least that there are some iniquities
that the lash of party cannot force some of
your ablest journals to countenance, and that
the independent press is thoroughly aroused
to the outrages of our present financial and
revenue system.
I repeat that these systems of taxation fur-
nish the true key to our present political com-
plications. I do not charge or think that any
considerable portion of the dominant party are
aware of this or are actuated by sinister mo-
tives. But it is notorious that the actual tone
and direction is given to all political parties by
a very few leading spirits. No one among the
people supposed when the war ended _so_ tri-
umphantly to the Union Army that at this time,
fifteen long months after that grand event, we
would stillremain a dissevered people, and that,
too, by the voluntary action of the North, while
the South stood quietly by asking for peace and
union under the Constitution of our fathers.
But the people had not learned, then, that there
was a favored class controlling the legislation
of the country who cannot afford a restoration
of the Union under the Constitution. Union
would soon deprive them, as they too well
know, of the rich spoils they are now gathering
from a deluded and oppressed people. Union
would soon be followed by a just and equitable
pyt,tem of revenue and taxation by which labor
would be relieved of its intolerable burdens.
Union, immediate Union, under the Constitu-
tion of our fathers, is now an absolute necessity
to the laboring man, and especially to the peo-
ple of the West. But for the same reason that
we demand Union these favored classes will
never consent to its restoration. They will
never release their grip upon the throats of the
people if they can avoid it. .They will continue
by all tho means that great wealth and perverted
talents can command, to stir up strife and ani-
mosity and distrust between the sections, and
they will continue to insist that four million
ignorant, degraded Africans,"shall immediately,
without preparation, be elevated to all the dig-
nity and rights of American citizenship, under
the hope that they will be effective allies of
these lordly schemers and will aid them in per-
petuating their system of legislative robbery.
It is for this that the Union remains broken,
and strife, discord, and distrust continue to
agitate the land. It is under this influence
that Congress resolved itself into a political
caucus and surrendered its powers to a central
directory ; for this that our grand Union Army
has been robbed of that for which they laid
down their lives upon a thousand battle-fields—
the real, cordial restoration of the Union; for
this that negro equality, negro citizenship, and
negro suffrage are demanded, and this long-
heeled child of Africa is fostered, fed, and
clothed with money wrung by oppressive tax-
ation from the toiling white man; for this the
doors of these legislative halls have been shut
in the faces of gallant soldiers who for four
long years risked .their lives and all that was
dear to them in the cause of the Union; for
this these gallant Union men, duly elected as
members of Congress, with the evidence of
election in their hands, have stood for seven
long months at these doors, asking in vain for
admission or recognition; for this the Con-
stitution of our country has been openly and
habitually violated. This, in short, is at the
foundation of every political movement of the
faction that now controls the legislation of our
country.
the prohibitionists practical repudiatoks.
Another serious objection to the bill arises
from the fact that the prohibitionists have been
so eager for "protection" that they threaten
by such a system to destroy the revenues, and
thereby entail upon the Government disgrace
and bankruptcy. It is in fact the first practi-
cal step in the direction of repudiation. We
have now a debt of $1,000,000,000, the inter-
est on which must be paid in gold ; and by the
very terms of our national obligations the in-
terest on a debt of over $2,000,000,000 must
very soon be paid regularly in gold. As long
as our currency continues in its present vicious
and irredeemable condition the only source
from which the Treasury can be supplied with
the means of preserving its honor unsullied is
the revenue derived from the duties on foreign
imports. If these import duties should fall
far short of the accruing obligations that musf
be met by payments in gold where and how is
the deficiency to be met and provided for? It
is manifest that in such case the danger of
national disgrace by a failure to meet our ob-
ligations would be imminent. If tho Govern-
ment should be compelled to go into the mar-
ket to buy up large amounts of gold, say twenty,
thirty, or forty millions at one time, it requires
no prophet to foresee ruin and disaster to every
branch of business. This measure is therefore
at the same time a blow at the prosperity of
the people and the credit and stability of
Government.
it is the butt op government to protect and not
oppress the industrial classes.
I desire here to state briefly an objection of
a very grave character which, as I think, can
betruiy urged against the entire system of legis-
lation adopted here. A Government which dis-
criminates in favor of tho wealthy, the bond-
