1766
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
J. B. TilTXEXIIOUSE.
Mr. GRISWOLD, from the Committee on
Naval Alfairs. reported back Senate bill No.
80, for the reliet of J. B. iiitteukouse, fleet
paymaster of the Pacific squadron, with the
recommendation that it do pa?s.
The bid authorizes the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury, in the'settlement
of the accounts of J. 1>. Rittenliouse, iieet
paymaster of the Pacific squadron, to release
him from all accountability for the amount of
$13,500, public money, stolen from liim on the
evening of October 80, 1805, while on duty at
Panama, or such portion thereof he may or
shall fail lo recover.
Mr. GRiSWOLD. Mr. Speaker, I desire,
in explanation of that bill, to say that the peti-
tioner was assigned to duty at Panama as fleet
paymaster, und occupied an oflice paid for by j
the Government. While in the discharge of his •
duty there some thirteen thousand dollars, or
thereabouts, was stolen from his safe. Every |
effort wfH made upon his pari to ferret out the j
thief and to have the money restored. The !
Unefwus subsequently arrested and convicted, ;
and a larqe portion of the money was recov-
ered. This bill was passed by the Senate and
only provides that this paymaster shall not be
held responsible for the loss incurred. There
is'no doubt of its propriety. j
Mr. WASIiBUHNE, of Illinois. I should j
like to havo tho report read.
Mr. UJaLSVOLD. There is no report ex-
cept that made in the Somite.
Mr. W'ASilJjUloN E, of Illinois. If ! recol-
lect, this occasioned a great deal of discussion
in the Senate.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"That on a careful examination of the petition
and accompanying documcntf', it appears that flic
petitioner, ha\ins Mi-tained a stroke of nnrabsis,
wa« permitted to lvmam in the discharge of hi? duties
aa fleet paymaster ;tt Panama, thai place, from
its centrality ot position, presented far greater faeil-
itios lor the execution of the requirements of his
position,as all infractions ;uid veporb between Go v-
ermuenl" and squadron w<mkl ihert concentrate;
thero the returns of the different paj'ma^t<ns would
be the sooner und more surely rcoived, examined,
eouec'ed, a d tian.smif ted, and there funds obtained
upon the nie-r rea>onablo tuna.-', could most readily
and inexpensively be remitted to the vaiious vessels
needniR them.
"That the quarters assigned him were in a build-
in?: leaded by the Government inr use as ;t naval
storehouse, and admirably adapted to the purpose
of its selection, but situated in a neighborhood
thvon&ed wi.li residents, and eiosacd by two of the
most {raveled thoioushi'ares of the citv, its inmost
rere-ses and most ordinary transactions exposed to
the 'mzo of pa>- in'? mutritudr>; not a dollar received
or disbursed but could he thoroughly observed, as
well as the liubit- and arrangements, the goings-out
and retarniiiA' of the, or-cupunN oi theothue.
"It appears that while occupying ihc-e premises
the petitioner was lobfoed ot the innounf, of ^l.S.oOi)
ot'public money, winch im had on deposit in hi&Mile,
ou the a ftei noon of the .Wth, or during the morning
of the Slit October hi-t, (iSbo:) an<l immediately on
the discovery of the robbery he notified Commander
Paulding, ot tiie United States sloop Cyane, then
lyiru at anchoi in the harbor of Panama, of the fact
by official letter, reuuestms a prompt and scrutiniz-
ing in\ e.-ti ;i!ion into the manner in which the 10b-
bery was committed. "Upon being appnsed of the
fact of the jobbery. Commander Paulding immedi-
ately instituted a, board of inquiry to investigate tho
matter, composed ot the United States consul at
Panama, the pndeet ot the cify, and three ofiiccrs
of the United States sloop Cyanc, and to repoit
thereon to him,"
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman will permit the ordinary proviso to S,
be put in this bill; and I -wish lie "would yield '
me the iloor one moment to speak on the'sub-
iecL
Mr. URrSVv'OLD. I do so.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. This is a
different ease, I wish the House to understand,
from those which we have heretofore acted upon.
Those that we have acted upon have been cases
where the money lias been absolutely lost, as
for instance, that of the Brother Jonathan.
Here the allegation is that the money has been
stolen; and if I recollect right, looking over
the proceedings of tho Senate, this bill was very
thoroughly discussed; and great doubts were
expressed by the most careful Senators as to
the propriety of passing it. And I recollect
that a case was adverted to where a paymaster
in New Orleans stole the money himself, and
then-«hai'gedituponanegro, who, under threats,
I believe, confessed that he stole it, and was
sentenced by a military tribunal to imprison-
ment for twenty years. The fact was ascer-
tained afterward that the negro had confessed
to a crime that he did not commit.
That is. one of the dangers connected with
the passage of a bill of this kind, legislating for
the relief of parties in this way; and hence I
am opposed to the whole system; and J ask the
gentleman, before he calls the proviffi.-s ques-
tion, to permit the same amendment to be made
that has been put into the previous bills.
Mr. GRISWOLD. What is that?
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. That no
credit should be given until the proper account-
ing officers of the Government are fully satisfied
in regard to the larceny.
Mi\ GRISWOLD. I have not tho slightest
objection to that.
Mr. WASHRURNE, of Illinois. I will then
move to amend by adding the following proviso:
Provided, That no part of said money shall he al-
lowed to the said Rittenhouse until the proper ac-
counting officers of the Government are satisfied upon
lull ami complete evidence of the larceny oi the money
alleged to havo been stolen.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I desire to stale two or
three facts in connection with this case in order
that there may be no misapprehension on the
part of the House.
As [ staled before, this paymaster occupied
an office of tho Government. In 1 hut office was
an iron safe, wii-lnn which was deposited this
gold in a box. His assistant was a boy in the
naval service. On one occasion it became ne-
cessary to send the boy to another room, or to
some other place, with a bunch of keys. The
boy, wdiile going out with the keys, having been
previously instructed by a man named Bradley,
took a small peice of writing paper, wetted it
with his tongue, and took the impression of the
key of the safe. This enabled the man to make
a key out of a piece of iron. Then the boy.
who had been bribed for the purpose, com mil-
ted the robbery. Bradley was immediately
arrested, and a portion of the money was found
secreted in his hoti.se.
Every possible measure was taken by the
petitioner in regard to the security ot' the
money. The safe was not a proper one, and
ho applied to commercial houses in Panama to
procure another, either in exchange or by pur-
chase. He had previously lost from the same
safe 3600. the loss of which he himself sub-
mitted to lather than make an application for
reimbursement. This is one of those cases
where every possible degree of caution and
vigilance was taken by him, and he is therefore
not responsible for the loss.
Mr. ROSS. Mould it not be better to let
this case go to the Committee of Claims? I
think we had better have it investigated.
Jlr. GRISWOLD. I will say to the gentle-
man that wdiile I believe in all possible vigil-
ance in regard to these matters, I do not be-
lieve that the Congress of the United States is
going to withhold the meed of justice that any
commercial man in the land would readily
allow. Nor do 1 believe in that sort of econ-
omy which 'withholds from a man who comes
to Congress with such a claim the reimburse-
ment which is equitably and lawfully due. I
think there are duties incumbent upon the
American Congress that every member should
recognize, and I appeal to this House not to
send lo the Committee of Claims or any other
vague and indefinite tribunal a petition that
conies here with such force.
Mr. ROSS. I did not. wish to be understood
by the gentleman or by the House that I was
opposed to paying claims of this character
where they are clearly'made out by proper and
legitimate proof; but the Committee of Claims
is the committee organized by this House for
the purpose of investigating claims of this
character. It does not properly appertain
lo the business of the Committee on Naval
Aifaiis. I am therefore in favor of letting the
claim go like others to bejnvestigated by the
proper committee of this 'Bouse.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I desire to inform the
gentleman that this officer had a court-martial
investigation of the case, and the findings of
the court and the whole examination are here
iji this report.
Mr. ROSS. I have no doubt that a great,
many mistakes are made in the passage of bills
of this sort and thai we pay money that is not
due. It is frequently the case that the manhas
stolen the money himself and then pretended
that some one else did it, and we should in-
vestigate such cases with great care.
message fk03i tiie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forxey,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had passed bills of the following titles, in
which he was directed to ask the concurrence
of the House, namely:
An act (S. No. 167) to incorporate the
Women's Hospital Association of the District
of Columbia;
An act (S'. No. 185) to preserve evidence of
marriages in the District of Columbia;
An act (S. No. W7) to incorporate the Na-
tional Safe Deposit Company of Washington,
in the District of Columbia;
An act (S. No. 158) to facilitate the settle-
ment of the accounts of the Treasurer of the
United States, and to secure certain moneys to
the people of tho United States, or to persons
to whom they are due and who are entitled to
receive the same ;
An act (S. No. 43) to prescribe the mode
of settling the accounts of the cleik of the
supreme court of the District of Columbia;
An act (S. No. 218) exempting the property
of dabtors in the District of Columbia from
levy, attachment, or sale on execution ;
An act (S. No. 90) enlarging the powers of
tho levy court of tho county of Washington, in
the District of Columbia; and
An act (S. No. 51) to incoiporate the Poto-
mac Navigation and Transportation Company
of the District of Columbia.
J. B. WTTENIIOUSil AGAIN.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I will yield the floor now
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Thayer. ]
Mr. THAYER. I do not know, Mr. Speaker,
how many examinations would be necessary
in order to satisfy the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Ross] with regard to the justice of a
claim presented to Congress, or how many com-
mittees, in his judgment, should be required
to examine a claim, or how many favorable
reports should be made in order to satisfy his
conscience in voting to do justice to an officer
of the United States.
It seems to me, sir. that when a report has
eojpie from a committee of this House, who
have given the subject a careful examination,
aud when the gentleman finds it impossible to
lay his finger upon any fact or any principle
stated in the report of that committee with which
he can take issue, the objection is of very little
force that the case has not been examined by
two committees instead of one.
The person whose case is before the House
is, according to the information which I have
received, a gentleman of excellent character in
the naval service. I have taken the trouble to
read the report of the eommitteeupon his case :
I have taken the trouble to read the evidence
which was before the committee, and my judg-
ment is that it is a perfectly clear case for the
favorable action of this House, ft is highly
proper that extreme vigilance should be shown
by the members of this House, and particularly
by the committees of this House, in the exami-
nation of claims of this character and indeed
of claims of every character which come be-
fore this body. But, sir, when those claims havo
undergone deliberate investigation, and when
the evidence is of a character to satisfy the judg-
ment of any reasonable man that the claim is
just, that tho facts are true and the principles
upon which our favorable action is invoked are
correct, I know no reason why this House should
refuse to do justice or why an officer of the
