2726
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
row in mobile.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution for consid-
eration at this time:
Resolved, That a committee of three members of
this House be appointed by the Speaker, with au-
thosity to proeced forthwith to Mobile, in the State
of Alabama, to investigate the " row'' referred to in
the following dispatch, to wit:
"Reported Serious Row in Mobile.—The Cin-
cinnati Commercial has a dispatch from Atlanta,
dated May 17, which says: ' The nesroes had a row
among themselves in a church in Mobile, on Sun-
day, which resulted in the killing of five and the
wounding of a great many more.'"
And that said committee be authorized to send for
persons and paper?, the expenses to be paid out of
the contingent fund of the House.
Mr. PRICE. I object.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is itin orderto move to
suspend the rules for the purpose of introdu-
cing this resolution ?
The SPEAKER. That motion would be in
order if the gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Morrill] will yield for that purpose.
Mr. MORRILL. I cannot yield for that
purpose.
Mr. GARFIELD. Will the gentleman yield
to me to offer a resolution ?
Mr. MORRILL. I will.
direct tax in insurgent states.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution for consid-
eration at tlais time:
Resolved, That the President be respectfully re-
quested to furnish to this House information as to the
collection of the direct tax in the States lately in
insurrection, what amount of the said tax has been
collected in the several States,what amount of prop-
erty is held by the Government under the sales au-
thorized by law, and how much has been received
from such sales.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was agreed to ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
evening sessions.
Mr.MORRILL. I move that on and after
to-day, until otherwise ordered, the House shall
take a recess from half past four to half past
seven o'clock p. m. ,
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask the gentleman from
Vermont, [Mr. Moreill] to modify his motion,
so as to have evening sessions commence to-
morrow.
Mr. MORRILL. I cannot do that. I am
willing that the House shall decide the ques-
tion.
Mr. GARFIELD. Then I move to amend
themotion by striking out "to-day" and insert-
ing " to-morrow.''
The question was taken, and upon a division
there were—ayes 47, noes 46.
Mr. SPALDING called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The amendment was accordingly agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Morrill as amended; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes Gl, noes 88.
Mr. WINDOM called for tellers.
Mr. SPALDING called for the yeas and
nays.
Tellers were not ordered, and the yeas and
nays were not ordered.
The motion of Mr. Morrill, as amended,
was accordingly agreed to.
whitehall, new york.
Mr. GRISWOLD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to provide for making the
town of W hitehall, New York, a port of deliv-
ery ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
notaries public for tiie district.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following message from the Senate :
Is Senate of the United States,
May 17,1866.
Resolvtd, That the House of Representatives bo
requested to return to tbo Senate the bill (S. Xo.
30!)) to amend an act entitled "An act concerning
notariespublicforthoDistrietof Columbia, "approved
April 8.1864.
Attest: J. W. FORNEY,
Secretary.
The SPEAKER. This bill has been re-
ferred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia. If there be no objection, the com-
mittee will be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the bill, and it will be returned
to the Senate as requested.
There was no objection.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on the special order.
employes in executive mansion.
Mr. SPALDING. I ask the gentleman from
Vermont to yield to me a moment. I wish to
call up a bill authorizing the President to
appoint certain officers of his household. It
should have been acted on some time ago.
Mr. MORRILL. I have no objection to
yielding if the bill will not give rise to debate.
Mr. SPALDING. It will give rise to no
discussion. If it should I will not press its
consideration.
Mr. MORRILL. If it should cause debate
I mast insist on my motiou.
Mr. SPALDING. With the consent of the
gentleman, I move that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union be discharged
from the further consideration of House bill
No. 211, entitled "A bill to authorize the Px-esi-
dent to appoint certain officers of his house-
hold, and fixing their salaries," and that the
House proceed to the consideration of the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill was read at length.
The first section provides that in addition to
the officers of his household already authorized
by law, the President of the United States be
authorized to employ one Assistant Secretary,
and a number of clerks not exceeding four.
The second section enacts that the Private
Secretary of the President be paid an annual
salary of $1,000, the Assistant Secretary an
annual salary of $3,000, and one 0f gai(j
cleiks an annual salary of 1,800.
The third section provides that the steward
of the President's household shall receive an
annual salary of 32,000, and said steward shall
be held to a rigid accountability for the plate,
furniture, and other public property under his
charge in the President's House, during his
continuance in office, and shall give a bond to
the United States in such sura as the Secretary
of the Interior shall deem sufficient, and to be
approved by him, for the faithful discharge of
his trust.
Mr. SPALDING. I oiler the following
amendments:
In section one, lino six, aftcrthe word " Secretary"
insert " one stenographer."
In section two, line four, after the word " dollars"
insert "the stenographer an annual salary of $2,500."
Mr. Speaker, I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I should like to ask
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Spalding]
whether the stenographer's duty is to be to
take down the President's speeches. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. SPALDING. I promised that there
should be no debate on the bill. I will simply
state that these respective officers are necessary
for the President's household. An appropri-
ation for these very officers has already been
inserted in the general appropriation bill in the
Senate. There is no doubt at all that these
officers are all strictly necessary.
Mr. PRIGE. Does not this bill increase the
number of employes about the President's
House bevond what it has ever been before?
Mr. SPALDING. Not at all.
Mr. PRICE. The bm states that these offi-
cers are to bo "in addition to the officers of
his household already authorized by law."
Mr. SPALDING. These officers are now
detailed from the Treasury Department and
the War Department because the President
has not the power to appoint them. This bill
is designed to supersede the necessity of hav-
ing officers detailed from these Departments.
Mr. PRICE. I think that the House is not
prepared to vote on this bill without some dis-
cussion and a little more information than we
now have. I will move to refer the bill 
Mr. SPALDING. I have demanded thj
previous question.
The SPEAKER, If the previous question
should not be seconded, a motion to refer will
be in order.
Mr. SPALDING. The bill has already been
reported^ unanimously from the Committee on
Appropriations.
Mr. STEVENS. For what is a stenographer
wanted ?
Mr. SPALDING. For short-hand writing.
Mr. STEVENS. For whom?
Mr. SPALDING. For the President.
Mr. STEVENS. I believe no provision of
that kind was reported by the Committee ou
Appropriations.
Mr. SPALDING. I withdraw my amend-
ment, and demand the previous question on the
bill as reported by the committee.
On seconding the previous question, tliere
were—ayes 38, noes 31; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers 5 and appointed Messrs. Spalding and
Price.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 56, noes 44.
So the previous'question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. SPALDING. I demand the previous
question on the passage of tlie bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. PRICE. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question being taken on the passage of
the bill, it was decided in the affirmative—yeas
80, nays 28, not voting 75 ; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Alley, Ames, Ancona, Delos It.
Ashley, Baldwin, Baxter, Bidwell, Blaine, Bundy*
Chanler, Reader W. Clarke, Conkling, Cullom, Davis,
Dawes, Dawson, Defrees, Derning, Denison, Driggs,
Duraont, Eckley. Eldridge, Glossbrenner, Goodyear,
Gr^wold, Hale, Aaron Harding, Abner C. Hardin?,
Hi«*by, Hogan. Ilolme1!, Hooper, Chester IX Hubbard,
Deinas Hubbard, Edwin X. Hubbell, James Hum-
phrey, Jenekes, Julian, Kerr, Ketcham, Ivuykcn-
dall. Lafiin, George V.Lawrence, WilliamLawrence,
Le Blond, Longyear, Lynch, MeRuer, Moorhead,
Morrill, Morris, Myers, Niblack, Nicholson, O'Neill,
Patterson. Phelps. Pike, Samuel J. Randall, Wil-
liam H. Randall, Ritter, Rogers, Rollins, Ro=s, Sco-
field, Sitgreaves, Spnlding, Stilwell, Taylor, Thayer,
Francis Thomns John L. Thomas, Ward, Henry D.
Washburn, William B. Washburn, Whaley, "Winfield,
Woodbridge, and Wright—80.
NAYS—Messrs. James M. Ashley. Baker, Bran-
degee, Bromwell, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Ilen-
der?onvAsahel W. Hubbard, John II.Hubbaid, Hul-
burd.lvelley, Kelso, Loan, McClurg, MeKce, Mcreur,
Paine, Perham, Plants. Price, Sawyer, Schcnek. Sloan,
Trowbridge, Upson, Williams, and Stephen E. Wil-
son—2-S.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Bonks,
Barker, Beaman, Benjamin, Bergen, Bingham, Blow,
Boutwell, Boyer, Broomall.Buckland, Coffroth, Cul-
ver, Barling, Delano, Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly, Eg-
gleston. Eliot, Farnsworth, Fnrrjunar, Ferry, Finek,
Garfield, Grider, Grinuell, Harris, Hart, Hayes, Hill,
Hotchkiss, James R. Hub-bell, James Humphrey,
Ingersoll, Johnson, Jones, Kasson, Latham, Mar-
shall, Marston^ Marvin, McCullough, Mclndoe, Mil-
ler, Moulton, Newell,Noell,0rth, Pomeroy, Radford,
Raymond, Alexander H. Rice, John II. Rice, Rous-
seau. ShanklinrShellabarger, Smith, Sfarr, Stevens,
Strouse, Tnber, Thornton, Trimble, Van Acrnam,
Burt Van Horn, RobertT. Van Horn, Warner, Elihu
13. Wa«ihburnc, Welkcr, Wentvrorth, James F. Wil-
son, and Windom—75.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to amend the
bill by striking out the words "of his house-
hold" and inserting the words " of the Execu-
tive Mansion." Those words are. I think,
inappropriate. I presume my colleague has
no objection.
Mr. SPALDING. I have.
Mr. GAliFIELD. I then move that amend-
ment; and on that I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded aud the
main question ordered 3 and under the opera-.
