702
THE! CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
sought, through the fire and blood of civil war,
the dismemberment of the Republic and the
death of the nation. Three hundred thousand
loyal heroes, in the bloom of life, have died that
the nation might live. Hundreds of thousands
more, scarred and maimed, or bowed by wasting
disease, linger among us, and a national debt of
vast proportions burdens the industries of the
future. These are the legacies treason leaves
to the nation. Now, these people that five
years ago called home their representatives,
these men who made vacant these chairs, again
seek admission to these Halls. Surely it is the
right and the bounden duty of far-seeing states-
manship to demand and take reasonable secu-
rity for the future of the country. Ere the rep-
resentatives of rebellious States come back, a
loyal people may require new guarantees for
the safety of the country, saved by their money
and their blood.
It is, to my poor comprehension, time lost to
discuss the mooted problem whether the States
lately in rebellion are or are not in the Union.
The discussions of the schoolmen in the Middle
Ages were hardly less fruitful of practical re-
sults. One thing is clear to the practical sense
of the country; the people of the rebel States
are as subject, individually and collectively, to
the power, will, and authority of the nation as
are the people of New England, of the central
States, or of the West. Those insurrectionary
States declared they would go out of the Union;
the nation said they should not. They fought
four years to get out of the Union 5 the nation
fought four years to keep them in. They were
defeated and their power annihilated. Not a
flag of their's waves, not a bayonet of their's
'glitters in the sunlight. The Hag of united
America floats over their strongholds, over oily
and hamlet, and the tramp of her conquering
legions rings in llie ear of a subjugated people.
Courts and custom-houses and post offices are
open, judicial officers and the collectors of for-
eign and internal revenues are there, and the
authority and power of the national Govern-
ment are as complete there now as on the day
South Carolina led the dance of secession. The
protection of the nation for person and prop-
erty in the rebel Slates is now more potent than
at any other period for the postgeneration ; for
all the purposes of governmental authority over
the people of those States the Union is entire
and complete.
True, the practical relations of the Slates to
the Union are not completely reestablished.
The Senators and Representatives from the ic-
bcllious States are, not yet here to participate in
our legislation and to i'rame laws for the coun-
try they have striven to blot from the map of
nations. They cannot yet lay their hands upon
the statute-book of the country, nor aid in shap-
ing the future of the regenerated Republic.
When they are to come is for the Congress of
the. United Stales to determine, lore they shall
come, we owe it In the country, to I ho interests
of lis lojal millions, to see Ihat such conditions
arc imposed as justice and liberty, the endur-
ing interesls of the whole nation, and 1110 public
safety, require. \Ve may not require of the re-
turning representatives of rebellious Slates, as
conditions of admission, that they shall always
vote for taxes to pay the annual interest of the
debt their treason imposed on their country,
orfortbe extinguishment of that debt at no dis-
tant peiiod; nor may we, require of them that
they shall vote to pay the pensions pledged to
our scarred veterans, or to the widows and or-
phans of our slain heroes; but we can require,
and we should require, as a condil ion precedent
to their admission, the complete repudiation
of all rebel debts, and the entire abandonment
forever of all claims for an emancipated race.
The people of the, loyal States, if Congress shall '■
give them the opportunity, will surely ineor- !
porate into the fundamental law of tho land !
these words, or words of like import: j
Xo paymontfdlall over bo made by the United [states, 1
or any Mate, tor or on account of the emancipation 1
ot any sua e or slaves, or lor or on account of anv debt i
contracted or mourrod in aid of the rebellion a'gaioot 1
the national Government.
Mr. POM EUO Y. I do not object to this i
resolution, but 1 think the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts cannot but bo reminded of what
passed between him and myself when the bill
to pay for slaves emancipated in the District
of Columbia was before the Senate. I thought
then it "was a most injurious and wicked prece-
dent for this Government to acknowledge by a
pa3rment that there could be any such thing as
property in man. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts then insisted that it was a sort of peace-
offering that we ought to give to the slave-
holders here. The other Senator from Massa-
chusetts thought it was a ransom. But I have
comc to the conclusion that I was right then,
and I believe I am now, that wo ought from
the beginning never to have paid a dollar in
any form for property held in that regard. I
believed that if we once established the prece-
dent for it, it would be a dangerous precedent,
and one which we had reason to believe would
be followed. The effort of the Senator from
Missouri [Mr. Henderson] to get 815,000,000
in payment for the slaves emancipated in his
State failed, to be sure, but it did not fail for
lack of the votes of the Senators from Mas-
sachusetts. They both voted for it, ft failed
on other accounts. I am very glad, indeed,
that, this resolution has been introduced ; but
we ought to have taken the ground in the be-
ginning never to pay a dollar for the emanci-
pation of slaves, and then we should never
have had a precedent.
Mr. WILSON. I suppose if all of us could
have seen the end from the beginning we never
should have offered Missouri any compensa-
tion for emancipation soon to come, nor should
we have offered it to the people of the District
of Columbia. Wo did not see the end from
the beginning, and like practical men, putting
liberty and flie great cause above a few dollars,
we commenced in this District by paying these
people. 1 never regretted it. 1 do not think
any harm will ever come of it. We have put
down this rebellion at the cost of more than
three hundred thousand lives and three thou-
sand million dollars of national debt, and no-
body knows how much of State and individual
indebtedness has grown out of it. We have
wrenched these slaves from their masters by
power. It is more than we can expeel ol'hutnan
nature that, these men should never clamor for
some consideration, and 1 think we have a
right to lake, and ought to lake, security for the
future.
Mr. POMEROY. Thai is whal I think.
The PRESIDENT /no tempore. The ques-
tion is 011 the motion Id refer this resolution to
the joint committee of fifteen.
The motion was agreed to.
FREFDUKN'S JiUKEAU.
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, the Senate
proceeded to consider the amendments of the
House of Represeii I a! i \ os to l he bill of the Sen-
ale (S. No. HO) to enlarge the powers of the
l'Yoedmeii's Bureau.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I only desire at this time
to move that the amendment.-, of the House be
piinted, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSUU-) FilOM THE IIOT'SE.
*
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPjieiison", its Cleik, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
a bill <[[. II. Xo. 2011 lo declare the meaning
of certain parts of the internal revenue act.
approved June 30, 1S04. and for other pur-
poses, in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate.
EXKOLLF.D BILLS SICXLI).
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed the following enrolled bill and joint res-
olutions : which were thereupon signed by the
President pro tempore :
A bill (H. R. No. 204J to regulate the regis-
tering of vessels :
A joint resolution (S. Ii. No. 25) tendering
the thanks of Congress to Vice Admiral David
Cr. Farragut, and to the officers, petty officers,
seamen, and marines under his command for
their gallantry and good conduct in the action
in Mobile bay 011 the 5th August, 18G4 ; and
A joint resolution (S. It. No. 17) directing
the distribution, of the writings of James Mad-
ison.
HOUSE JULLS REFERRED.
The following bill and joint resolution from
the House of Representatives were severally
read twice by their titles, and referred as indi-
cated below:
A bill (H. R. No. 201) to declare the mean-
ing of certain parts of the internal revenue act,
approved .Tune 30, 1803, and for other pur-
poses—to the Committee on Finance.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. IT) giving the
consent of Congress to the transfer of the coun-
ties of Berkeley and Jefferson to the State of
West Virginia—to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
APPORTIONMENT OF REPRESENTATION.
The PRESIDENT jpro tempore. If there be
no further morning business, the Chair will call
up the unfinished business of yesterday, which
is tho joint resolution (II. R. No. 51) propos-
ing to amend the Constitution of the United
States, the pending question being upon the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] upon which the Sen-
ator from Maine [Mr. Pessendex] is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. HENDERSON. With the very kind
permission of the Senator from Maine, before
lie commences his argument, which I suppose
will go to the whole question and be, as every-
thing that comes from him is, able and exhaust-
ive, I desire to submit an amendment to the
amendment, so that the proposition that I had
the honor to submit some days ago and had re-
ferred to the committee on reconstruction may
at the same time be considered in the lengthy
arguments of Senators upon the various prop-
ositions that may be submitted for the amend-
ment of the Constitution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion will bo on the amendment to the amend-
ment, which will be read.
The Secretary then read the amendment to
the amendment. which was to strike out all
after the word '"that"' in the amendment, and
to insert the following in lieu thereof:
The following article be proposed to tho Legisla-
tives of the beveral States as an ainonduieid to tho
Constitution of the United States, winch, when rat-
ified by tin ce louiths ot said Leaisl.i! ure-<. .dudl bo
valid to all intents and purposes as a, part ot the said
Constilntion, namely:
Aiitich: 11. No iState, in prosoribiru; the qualifica-
tions reiiuisite tor electois therein shall discriminate
atramst any person on account ot color or race.
Mr. FKSSEXDEN. Mr. President, I think
I might raise a question, if 1 were so disposed,
upon the proprielv of the amendment submit-
ted by the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts. 1 am not aware 1 hat a bill can properly
be offered as an amendment to a proposition
to amend the Constitution. It is substituting
one thing for another of a very different nature ;
and 1 do not see very well how, upon the same
principle, the amendment of my honorable
friend from Missouri can be ottered as a substi-
tute for the bill that is presented by the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts. I do not propose,
however, to raise am question upon either, for
it 1 eally makes no difference in this discussion.
T take it, it is very possible that the amend-
ment to the Constitution proposed by the com-
mittee, of which I have the honor to be a
member, needs some correction. If so. Sena-
tors have had ample time to examine it, and
they will be prepared, undoubtedly, to suggest
what may be necessary in order to do what the
honorable Senator from Massa chnsetts has said
is the proper office of an amendment, improve
the proposition which I have submitted on tho
part of the committee. I should bo very glad
to see it made stronger. If the complaint
against it is that it is weak", I hope Senators
will turn all their attention to the question of
strengthening it, so that when it shall come to
bo finally adopted, if it ever is, it may meet
