1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2727
tion thereof the motion to amend the title was
agreed to.
The title, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. SPALDING moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed and the title
amended ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled bills
of the following titles; when the Speaker signed |
the same: j
An act (S. No. 316) to establish a post route |
from West Alburg, Vermont, to Champlain, in
the State of New York, and for other pur-
poses ;
An act (H. R. No. 563) to regulate the time
and fix the place for holding the circuit court
of the United States in the district of Virginia,
and for other purposes;
An act (S. No. 132) to prevent and punish
kidnaping;
An act (II. Pu. No. 49-1) for the relief of Martha
J. Willey;
An act (H. R. No. 460) granting apension to
Spencer Kellogg;
An act (H. R. No. 625) granting a pension to
John Hoffman, of Madison county, in the State
of New York;
An act (H. R. No. 386) fortbe'relief Francis
A. Gibbons;
An act (H. R. No. 434) for the relief of Isa-
bella Strubing ; and
An act (EL R. No. 445) for the relief of the
legal representatives of Betsey Nash.
NATIONAL BANKS.
Mr. DUMONT, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Peiohed, That the Committee on Banking and
Currency be, and they are hereby, instructed to inquire
into the expediency of repealing so much of the
national banking act as requires a redemption of the
circulating notes of said banks abroad.
message fr05i the president.
A message was received from the President
of the United States, by Mr. Edward Cooper,
Ilia Secretary, informing the House that he
had approved and signed an act making appro-
priations for the services of the Post Office
l)epartment. during the fiscal year ending June
SO, 1807, and for other purposes.
A message in writing was also communicated.
steamer vanderbilt.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following communication from the President
of the United States ; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed:
To the Senate and House of Representatives:
I transmit to Congress a copy of the corre-
spondence between the Secretary of State and
Cornelius Vanderbilt, of New York, relative
to the joint resolution of the 28th of January,
1804, upon the subject of the gift of the steamer
Vanderbilt to the United States.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, May 16, 1866.
MESSAGE PROM TIIE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had passed, without amendment, an act
(II. R. No. 510) to incorporate the Academy of
Music of Washington city.
Also, that the Senate had passed a joint res-
olution (S. R. No. 52) authorizing the Secretary
of the Treasury to change the name of the
steamboat City of Richmond to City of Port-
land, and the schooner Lueinda Van Valken-
bnrg to Camden, in which the concurrence of
the House was requested.
Also, an act (H. It. No. 255) making appro-
priations for the construction, preservation,
and repairs of certain fortifications and other
works of defense for the year ending June "0. 5
1857, with an amendment, in which the con- |
currence of the House was requested. !
tax bill.
Mr. MORRILL moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Dawes in the chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of the special order, being a bill of the
House (No. 513) to amend an act entitled
"An act to provide internal revenue to sup-
port the Government, to pay interest on the
public debt, and for other purposes," approved
June 30, 3 8G4, and acts amendatory thereof.
The CHAIRMAN stated the question to be
on the amendment offered on Friday last by
Mr. Washburn, of Massachusetts, to strike
out in line two thousand and two the words
"and wooden-ware," on which tellers had
been ordered.
The CHAIRMAN appointed Messrs. Bran-
deoee and Nicholson to act as tellers.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 33, noes 60.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. On page 89, line two thou-
sand and two, I move to insert before the word
"brooms" the words" pumps, garden engines,
and hydraulic rams;" so that the paragraph
will read^
On scales, pumps, garden engines, hydraulic rams,
brooms, and wooden-ware, a tax of three per cent.
ad valorem,
Mr. STEVENS. I suppose the gentleman
does not intend to tax the common wooden
pumps that are put into wells. I move to
insert the word "metallic" before pumps."
Mr. MORRILL. I hardly think the amend-
ment is necessary. The persons who manu-
facture wooden pumps seldom manufacture
enough to bo subject to any tax at ail. It
would be better, therefore, to leave the para-
graph as it is. If you put in the word '• me-
tallic" it would include all sorts of pumps.
The question was taken on Mr. Stevens's
amendment to the amendment, and it was
disagreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Morrill's
amendment, and.it was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
On tin-ware of all descriptions, not otherwise pro-
vided for. a tax of five percent, advalorcm : Provided,
Thatin all cases in which such ware shall be delivered
toagentsorpeddlersemployed by themanufoeturerfor
the disposal of the same, such ware so delivered shall
be deemed to have been sold at the time of delivery,
and the tax to be paid thereon shall be computed
upon the value known to the trade as the five-pound
rate or price for tin-ware.
On all iron, not otherwise provided for, advanced
beyond biooms, slabs, or loops, and not advanced
beyond bais, and band, hoop, and sheet iron, not
thinner than number eighteen wire gauge, and plate
iron not less than one eighth of on inch in thickness,
a ta x ot three dollars per ton: Provided, Ttiat a. ton
shall, for all the purposes of this act, be deemed and
taken to bo two thousand pounds.
Mr. MOORHEAD. In line two thousand
and thirteen I move to insert before the word
"blooms" the words "muck bar."
- The amendment, was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. In line two thousand and
twelve I move to strike out the words " not
otherwise provided for."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. In line two thousand and
sixteen I move to strike out the word " three"
and insert 1' two'' in lieu thereof, so as to make
the tax two dollars a ton.
Mr. MORRILL. I trust tlat amendment
will not be adopted. I think the gentleman
from New York and others ought to be satis-
fied with the rate here proposed upon iron, and
not risk its being raised higher.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On band, hoop, and sheet iron, thinner than num-
ber eighteen wire gauge, plate iron, less than one
eighth of an inch in thickness, and cut nails and
spikes, not including nails, tacks, brads, or finishing
nails, usually put up and sold in papers, whether in
papers or otherwise, a tax of five dollars per ton:
Provided, That rods, bands, hoops, sheets, plates.
spikes, and nails, not including such as are usually
put up in papers as before mentioned, manufactured
from iron upon which the tax of three dollars has
been levied and paid, shall be subject only to-a tax
of two dollars per ton in addition thereto, anything
in this act to the contrary notwithstanding.
On stoves, and. hollow ware in all conditions,
whether rough, tinned, or enameled, and castings
of iron, not otherwise provided for, a lax of three
dollars per ton.
On tubes made of wrought iron, a tax of five dollars
per ton.
Mr. ANCONA. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the clause;
On tubes made of wrought iron, a tax of five dollars
per ton.
I suppose that this must have been a mistake,
; as I find by reference to the act as it now stands,
j items of the same class were included in the
free list. I do not know why a discrimination
should be made against this particular article,
i and I move to strike out, that clause.
I Mr. MORRILL. If you strike out this
clause this article will be subject to a duty of
five per cent, ad valorem. Five dollars per
ton is much less. I hope the motion will not
prevail.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. ANCONA. I move, then, to add at
the end of the clause the following proviso :
Provided, That tubes made of wrought iron, upon
which a tax of three dollars has been levied and
paid, shall be subject only to a tax of two dollars
per ton in addition thereto.
Mr. MORRILL. I must object to that
proposition. A tax of five per cent, on tube3
made of wrought iron is a very low tax, not
exceeding half of whatwe impose on otherman-
ufaetures. I hope the amendment will not
be adopted.
Mr. ANCONA. I move to amend my amend-
ment by striking out the last word.
The chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means does not seem to present any reasons
why this amendment should not be adopted.
I find that some articles, sucli as hubs, nails,
and spikes, under the same head in the law as
it now stands, are relieved of this duplicate
tax. and he has presented no reason why
wrought-iron tubes should not be placed on
the same footing. I trust my proviso will be
adopted, and I now withdraw the amendment
to the amendment.
The question was taken on the amendment,
in the nature of a proviso, and it was dis-
agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On steam, locomotive, and marine engines, includ-
ing the boilers, and all their parts, a tax of five per
cent, ad valorem: Provided, That when such boil-
ers or any other parts of engines, as aforesaid, shall
have been once assessed, and a tax previously paid
thereon, the amount so paid shall be deducted from
the taxes on the finished engine.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend the pro-
viso by striking out the words "such boilers or
any other parts of " and inserting in lieu thereof
the words "the boilers or tubes, wheels, tires,
! axles, bells, shafts, cranks, wrists, or head-
! lights of such."
| Mr. DAVIS. I desire to call the attention
i of the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Morrill]
i that by his amendment the portions of the en-
gine not enumerated would be subject to the
additional tax.
Mr. MORRILL. The Committee of Ways
and Means have gone as far as it is possible in
exempting particular parts and have the law
properly executed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out the
words '"and all their parts" and the words
"as aforesaid."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BALDWIN. Mr. Chairman 
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Chairman—-
The CHAIRMAN. The members of the
committee reporting the bill are first entitled
to the floor to move amendments to perfect the
bill.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to amend by
inserting after the word " boilers," where it
first occurs in the paragraph, the words "and
on railroad cars."
The amendment was agreed to.
