1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
703
the approbation of the country, and accomplish
tho work for which it is designed.
Before proceeding to consider it, allow me
to say a word upon, apctition that has been pre-
sented this morning by the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts, accompanied by the re-
mark that, he approved every word of it. I did
not attend to its reading. I very seldom attend
to the reading of petitions. I have taken pains
to look it over since, and am a little surprised -
that he should have told the Senate, with due
deference to the action of one branch of Con-
gress on this subject, that he approved all that
was said in this petition. Allow me to read it,
sir. I think that the Senator accompanied it
with the remark that it was from 1' a representa-
tive man." I do not know what is meant by
" a representative man," or what the man who
signs this petition 
Mr. SUMNER.- I said he was the editor of
the leading religious paper of -New England.
Mr. FESSBNDEN\ Very well, then 1 know
who he is. His name, it appears, is Isaac Far-
well Hoi ton; I dare say a very respectable and
a very pious man. His petition is in these
words:
" Whereas the Constitution of the United States
provides that 'no State shall grant any title of no-
bility,' and that 'thecitizens of each State shall be
entitled to all privileges and immunities of theseveral
Slates;' and whereas that rcveied instrument con-
tains now no clause that would disgrace a free nation
or contradict the declaration that all men are born
equal; anil wheicas a resolution for amendment of
the Constitution has passed the 1-Iouseof Representa-
tives, which, in tho opinion of tho undersigned,would
repeal these provisions mid contradict this declara-
tion, ho respectfully prays you-to reject said amend-
ment."
The inference is that the passage of this res-
olution would disgrace a free nation and con-
tradict the declaration that all men are born
equal, and the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts gives to that statement the sanction of
his high authority. Sir, if I thought the pas-
sage of this resolution would disgrace this na-
tion, I should not stand up here, even by the
direction of a committee, to present it and to
recommend it to the consideration of the Sen-
ate. If I thought it would repeal the declara-
tion that all men are created equal and entitled
to the same rights under the law, so far as that
declaration exists, Intrust I should be long—as
long as the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts—in standing here beture the body of which
I am a member and advocating its passage.
Sir, it is something of an imputation even com-
ing from the mouth of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts to say that more than two thirds of
the House of .Representatives, and those his
friends socially, and politically, and in every
sense, and his constituents, have been guilty of
fabricating and passing a resolution which is a
disgrace to the country, and which repeals flip
cardinal principle upon which our institutions
are founded. I think that the honorable Sen-
ator, when he gave the sanction of his high au-
thority to declarations like these, had hardly
well considered whether or not it was modest so
to designate the action of many men who, though
less eminent than himself, have each some claim
upon the consideration of his country.
Now, sir, as I do not agree with this petition,
I shall venture to do what becomes my duty as
a member of the committee on reconstruction
so-called, and that is to endeavor to present,
not, my own \ievvs entirely, but the views which
actuated I he committee in recommending this
joint resolution which has been laid upon your
table. The resolution under consideration, it
will be noticed, is not the original one that I
presented. After discussion in the House of
Representatives, it was recommitted to tho
committee, and was amended there by striking
out the words, " and direct taxes." This was
done for two reasons. In thefirst place, it was
thought that, it would be stronger without a pro-
vision having reference to direct taxes, upon
which a question might be raised. In the next
place, if the words "and direct taxes" were
stricken out of the resolution, the result is pre-
cisely the same, because the direct taxes are by
the Constitution levied and apportioned upon
precisely the same principle. Therefore it was
entirely unnecessary to have the words in, and,
in fact, the only argument in favor of it was
that the two'might go together in the same
paragraph ; but inasmuch as some objected to
them, it was thought well enough to omit them.
I have stated this preliminarily.
I wish to say another thing by way of intro-
duction. It has been objected, I think, by an
honorable gentleman in the other House, tha.t
the committee in reporting this resolution had
traveled beyond its powers; that it was a ques-
tion not submitted to them. I beg leave to say,
lest any Senator who hears me should have the
same impression, that a resolution substantially
similar to this one was referred by the House
of Representatives to the committee that had
these subjects under consideration, and being
sent to them for their consideration, of course
they had the best right in the world to report
upon it, and to report it in the shape in which
it was originally sent, or in any other shape in
which they chose to put it. I think, therefore,
that the committee of fifteen is not open to
animadversion as having exceeded its powers
or taken upon itself anything that did not prop-
erly belong to it.
Something has been said, also, on different
occasions, with reference to a disposition that
is said to prevail now to amend the Constitu-
tion, and the forbearance of Congress has been
invoked with regard to that venerable and great
instrument. I believe that I have as much ven-
eration for the Constitution as most men, and
I believe that I have as high an opinion of its
wisdom; but, sir, I probably have no better
opinion of it than those who made it, and it did
not seem to them, as wo learn from its very
provisions, that it was so perfect that no amend-
ment whatever could be made that, would be, in
the language of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, an improvement. Why. sir, they provided
themselves, as we all know, in the original in-
strument, for its amendment. They, in the very
earliest days of our history, amended it them-
selves. They found defects in this great work
of their hands, and they set themselves regu-
larly to work to see if there was in the instru-
ment, which ought to be perfect, and is as
perfect, perhaps, as human hands can make
anything, anything which might disfigure it, or
which needed strengthening, or perhaps more
elaboration. That was their opinion as proved
by their acts; and I might add. that it is barely
possible, if gentlemen will consider, that in
the progress of ages, in the advance of time,
circumstances may arise that will render it
necessary, and have rendered it neccssary, to
revise tho instrument and to accommodate its
powers to tho developments which time has
made.
Such is eminently the condition of things
now. We have had a great war. That war has
resulted in overthrowing an institution of tho
States, one that had been a blight and a curse
upon this nation from its very foundation'. The
contest in which we have been engaged has put
an end to that institution. There are provis-
i ions in the Constitution having express rel'er-
1 once to the existence of slavery, more espe-
cially the provision under consideration, that
with reference to representation, which was
made expressly because in some of the States
there were a large number of people not recog-
nized as freemen but held as bondmen, and not
responsible for their own acts, that is to say,
politically, or considered with reference to the
political condition of the country. Under these
circumstances, slavery being done away with,
the provision of the Constitution which was
made with reference to it becomes in a degree
| inoperative and may well be subject, to revision.
I It may be answered that the Constitution,
j in this particular, takes care of itself that
i there is no difficulty about it; that the original
] provision that representation shall be founded
j upon population—including all persons, with
! one exception, and with regard to those three
j fifths—will take care of itself when they become
| free, because, of necessity, when they become
j free persons, the provision with regard to rep-
i reservation has referenceto all. and it is a sim-
ple matter that now there are no classes of
persons in the country who come within the1
description which was hinted at by the Consti-
tution ; all stand alike upon- the same basis,,
and representation is properly founded upon*
population. This is all very well; there is no"
doubt of the correctness of the proposition so
far as the construction of the Constitution is
concerned; but, sir, it so happens that we can-
not put out of sight one thing which has gone
with us from the foundation of the Govern-
ment and has come down to the present day,
and that is, that slavery has existed; that it
has been abolished within one or two months,
substantially, since the declaration of the final
action of the States ; that there are left in sev-
eral of the States of the Union a large number
of persons ignorant and uneducated, who up
to a very recent period have been held in bond-
age, considered by the Constitution itself as
entirely unfit to be counted as a part of the
people of the United States and represented as
a whole; and that now, at the present moment,
not only have they been made free, but thoy
have been made free against the will of the
remainder of the population of those States;
to which must be added, the anger of those
who have been compelled to submit to their
freedom, the natural desire that the master has
to retain power, the natural disinclination that
he has to see his former slave placed upon a
level with himself. All this is perfectly obvious,
for we know—the history of the world shows—
that those who once possess power never yield
it willingly. Men are not made of such stuff
that they can give up the possession of that
which has been dear to them without a sigh
and without a struggle. What then have we a
right to suppose would be the result of leaving
the constitutional provision where it is? Sim-
ply this, that so far as the power exists in the
States, it would still bo exercised to deny all
political rights to those who have heretofore
been considered unfit and not in a condition to
exercise them. The result of that is what?
The continuance of precis6ly the same rule,
and the fostering of a feeling which the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts has well
proven to be contrary to the very foundation
principles of a republican government. There
can be no question that such would be the re-
sult ; and we should have in a portion of the
States all the people represented and all the
people acting, and in another portion of the
States all the people represented and but a
portion of the people only exercising political
rights and retaining them in their own hands.
Such has been tho case, and such, judging of
human nature as it is, wo have a right to sup-
pose will continue to bo the case.
Then tho question arises whether it is not
our duty to guard in some way against this,
whether it is not the duty of Congress, if it can
exercise it, and the duty of the people, to see
not only that all men, all free men, have the
rights that belong to them so far as we can con-
trive it, but that the temptation shall be re-
moved to keep up a system which, if it does
not end in tyranny or an oligarchy, or an aristoc-
racy, has a tendency to make an oligarchy and
ail aristocracy in fact, and a feeling which* as
long as it exists and there is power to exercise
it has a tendency only to injure the institutions
of the State where it may exist and where the
exercise of it may be found.
There is a simple way of doing this. I ex-
pected that tho honorable Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, who does not like this amendment,
would have proposed it. Why not propose a
simple amendment precisely in the same terms
the honorable Senator from Missouri [Mr. Hkx-
dhp.son] has—a proposition doing away at ones
with all distinctions oil account of race or color
in all the States of this Union so far as regards
civil and political rights, privileges, and immu-
nities? That would go to the root of the mat-
ter. I am free to confess that, could 1 legislate
upon that subject, although I can see difficulties
that would arise from it, yet trusting to time to
soften them, and being desirous, if I can, to
put into the Constitution a principle that com-
