1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL • GLOBE:.
287
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Marshall.
Ho. of Reps.
holders, the bankers, the manufacturers, and
other capitalists, and throws its burdens chiefly
upon the laboring and industrious millions,
proves recreant in the discharge of its highest
and holiest duties. It is a system that cannot
be long persisted in without proving disastrous
to the whole country. It has been conceded
on all hands, I believe, that the taxes should
be reduced. This could be safely done, even
though you pay the bounties to our ■ soldiers
which they expect, and which should have
been paid months ago. Notwithstanding our
enormous indebtedness, more money has been
raised by taxation than was needed by the
Government. The result of the last year's
bleeding of the people has been to realize
over five hundred million dollars, a greater
sum than was ever raised by any other Gov-
ernment on earth in the same time by taxation.
It is very considerably above the necessities of
the Government. The suffering people demand
to be relieved from these unnecessary burdens.
What is the result? An internal revenue bill
is framed and passed, which the chairman of
the finance committee tells us will reduce the
revenue from that source about seventy-five
millions. And yet a critical examination and
test of that meastire will, as I believe, demon-
strate that it will not bring one particle of relief
to the laboring and industrious classes. It will
unquestionably put additional millions into the
pockets of the manufacturers, but where it will
bring relief to the masses of the people I am
wholly unable to see. By the tax on cotton
alone, an article consumed almost entirely by
the industrial classes, you have added to the
burdens of the people more than enough to
overbalance the relief given in all other items
of the bill.
And now, again, by this tariff bill the revenue
in the opinion of the best-informed on such sub-
jects, will be reduced at least fifty millions more,
while the cost of living will be nearly doubled
to the people ; and contrary to every wise and
just system of taxation the articles of neces-
sary and daily consumption that enter into the
very life of the people, without which they can-
not live at all, are the very articles most griev-
ously taxed. On the common article of salt
(which in my judgment should not be taxed at
all) you propose to levy an import tax of over
two hundred per cent., thus greatly increasing
the price of an article now ruinously high.
• You by your duties double the price of iron,
without which railroads cannot be built, the
mechanic can have no tool, and the farmer no
instrument of husbandry, the cost of which, in
fact, enters into everything that we eat, drink,
or wear, and without which society could not
exist. You levy a heavy tax upon raw cotton,
and a heavy import duty upon cotton goods,
thus doubly increasing the cost of these fabrics,
an article scarcely worn at all by the wealthy,
and consumed almost exclusively by the labor-
ing and industrial classes of the country. And
so I might go on with this enumeration and
show that the articles of prime necessity con-
sumed by the great mass of the people are
those most heavily taxed and from which the
principal revenues are derived; and, with the
single exception of the income tax, that the
wealthy capitalists of the country almost es-
cape the burdens of Federal taxation.
While the question of taxing cotton was be-
fore the House, I attempted in a few remarks
to show that the proposed tax would be levied
almost exclusively on the labor of the country,
and argued that all Governments should derive
their revenue principally from the accumulated
wealth of the nation and not from the humble
pittance of the toiling millions. This argument
was characterized by an honorable member as
ad captandiMn, by which, I suppose, was meant
that it was an unjust appeal to the prejudices
of the people. But, sir, I say now deliberately,
that no Government deserves to live that ha-
bitually and persistently discriminates by legis-
lation in favor of the wealthy and against the
laboring classes, and any Government that
deliberately, by any system of taxation, robs
the toiling masses to add' to the already swol-
len hoards of the rich deserves the execration
of mankind. It is to the industrial classes
that we owe everything that makes us most
proud of our country.' It is upon them you
must rely for your armies. It is there alone
that the great fountain of virtue and patriotism
fs found uncontaminated and uncorrupted. It
is the strong arm of the laborer that has estab-
lished the greatness/ the glory, and the prow-
ess of our country. They, sir, have built your
magnificent navies, your imperial cities, your
towns, your churches, your railroads, your tel-
egraphs—everything, sir, thatgives to us grand-
eur and prosperity. They have hewn down the
primeval forests and made this land an Eden
for the habitation of man.
If by some sad fatality every banker, every
great bond-holder, every capitalist in the land
should in one moment be stricken with death,
we would still "remain a great and powerful
nation. But, sir, if the arm of the laborer
should be paralyzed, if for one single year the
mechanic should cease from his labors, the
farmer should abandon his fields, and the la-
borer refuse his accustomed toil; if the sound
of the hammer, the harsh musie of the saw,
and the voice of the plowman should be heard
no more, where, then, would be the grandeur,
glory, and prowess of your country? Your
ships would rot at your lifeless wharves ; your
cities would be inhabited by bats and owls,
and desolation and death would reign supreme
where now we still have life and hope and pros-
perity.
If by the jugglery of legislation, by oppress-
ive taxation, you rob the laborer of the fruit
of his toil, reduce him to the barest necessaries
of life, clothe his family in rags and wretched-
ness, rob him of all time for mental culture
and social enjoyment, you thereby break his
spirit and eventually ruin the whole country.
And the fact that you will have scattered over
the land a few men of immense and princely
swealth will bring no relief when that hour of
calamity arrives. Sir, if we wish our country
to remain "great, glorious, and free," if we
desire to transmit free institutions to those who
shall come after us, the industrial classes must
be protected from unnecessary and oppressive
burdens.
" Princes and lords may flourish, or may fade,
A breath can make them as a breath has made;
But a bold peasantry, their country's pride,
When once destroyed, can never be supplied."
This may be called ad captandum, but, sir,
I insist that it is founded on the truest philoso-
phy of government and of man. The indus-
trial classes are not only the most necessary
and indispensable to society, but they are in
the main the most patriotic and deserving.
And, sir, I say solemnly, a curse, a thou-
sand curses on all legislation that would place
upon them any burden not absolutely neces-
sary to the proper administration of the Gov-
ernment.
" The noblest men X know on earth
Are men whose hands are brown with toil,
"Who, bneked by no ancestral graves, _
Hew down the woods and till the soil,
And win thereby a prouder fame
Than follows king or warrior's name.
"God bless the noble workingmen
Who rear the cities of the plain,
Who dig the mines and build the ships,
And drive the commcrce of the main;
God bless them, for their swarthy hands
Have wrought the glory of all lands."
Doctor Wayland, in his able work on Polit-
ical Economy, very forcibly portrays the effect
upon a nation of unjust and oppressive taxa-
tion of the industrial classes. He says:
"Of all the destructive agencies which can be brought
to bearupon production, by far the most fatal is op-
pression, It drinks lip the spirit of a people by in-
flicting wrong through means of an agency which was
created for the solo purpose of preventing wrong and
which was intended to be the ultimate and faithful
refuge of the friendless. When the antidote to evil
becomes the source of evil what hope (or man is left?
When society itself sets the example of peculation,
what shall prevent the individuals of that society
from imitating the example? Hence, public injustice
is alwaystheprolific parent of private violence. Tho
result is that capital emigrates, production ceases,
and a nation either sinks down in hopeless despond-
ence, or else the people, harassed beyond endurance
and believing that their condition cannot be made
worse by any change, rush into all the horrors of civil
war, the social elements are dissolved, the sword
enters every house, the holiest ties which bind men
together are severed, and no prophet can predict at the
beginning what will be the end."
One of the strangest sophisms ever offered
in a deliberative body is the argument of the
honorable gentleman from Yermont [Mr. Mor-
rill] in opening the debate on this bill. Of
course he is deceived by it himself, for it is
not to be supposed that he would willfully mis-
lead the House or the country. Laborers are
scarce, (is the burden of the argument,) and
therefore this tariff is necessary to protect
laborers from competition with the cheap or
pauper labor of Europe. How do you protect
them ? Do you propose to prohibit the impor-
tation of cheap or pauper labor from Europe,
as you prohibit the importation of cheap goods?
Do you prevent your manufacturers and capi-
talists from bringing them here by the ship-load
to come in competition with our laborers now-
here? Do you not rather encourage their im-
migration, and are they not, in fact, coming to
our shores at the rate of several hundred thou-
sand souls per annum? Is not the price of
labor, like everything else, governed by the
supply and the demand? When the supply is
small and the demand great the price must go
up; and on the other hand, when the supply
is greater than the dataand the price must inev-
itably come down. You therefore protect the
laborer by doubling the cost of the necessaries
of life, and at the same time inviting and en-
couraging the cheap and pauper laborers of
Europe to come here and underbid and reduce
the price of his labor. This is the same pro-
tection that the wolf gives to the lamb or that
the robber gives to the defenseless traveler.
It is impossible, sir, that any people can be
long deceived by such miserable sophisms as
these.
THE DEPORTMEXT OP THE MAJORITY TOWARD THE
MINORITY IN THE HOUSE.
And now, sir, as I may not again have the
opportunity of doing so, I am impelled before
concluding to enter upon the discharge of a
neglected duty. This duty is to me an un-
pleasant one, but I feel that I would do great
injustice to my constituents and to myself if I
should return to them without first animad-
verting in a proper spirit upon the extraordi-
nary deportment of the majority toward the
minority in this House during the present ses-
sion. No parallel to it can be found anywhere
ir. the history of deliberative bodies ; and un-
less the etiquette and eloquence of the fish
market shall at some time find a congenial his-
torian the records of this session for scurrility
and offensive personality will, it is hoped, re-
main forever without a recorded parallel. This
Congress met in December last, under peculiar
circumstances, aud had reposed in its^ hands
the gravest responsibilities. The self-styled
"Union party" had an overwhelming major-
ity in both branches of Congress. The Demo-
cratic minority had no power, if they so de-
sired, to stop for an hour the passage of any
bill or measure. The country was rapidly re-
covering from the effects of our sad and ruin-
ous war, and the people turned with eager
hopes to this Congress for a speedy and com-
plete restoration of union, peace, fraternity,
and prosperity. In the consummation of this
end the minority expected to corporate freely
and fully with the majority, and it did not oc-
cur to us that any issue could be raised on thia
