1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
M
Army or Navy of the United States should, in
tiiis respect, toe subjected to any different rule
from that which is applied to other officers or
agents of the United Slates, or, indeed, from
that rule of law which is applied to all similar
circumstances in the private relations of life.
N oir, i( it is shown, as it is in this case, that
proper care and diligence has been taken by
the bailee of the money, that he has exercised
in the circumstances in which he was placed
all the diligence and care that a man of pru-
dence and caution would exercise in taking
care of his own money, and he has lost it by
an accident or a force against which he could
not ;h«ux1, and which occurred in spite of all
the ugilance which ho could exercise, and
which could be reasonably demanded of him,
then [ scq no reason why a rule should be ap-
plied to him different from that which would
be applied in private life to persons similarly
situated. When the testimony shows that 110
lack of diligence has existed, that there is on
the stdeof the officer good faith, ummpeached
character, and all possible care in the protec-
tion of the property committed to him, and
when that is accompanied by full proof of the
loss, the conviction of the thieves and recla-
mation of a portion of the money ; when the
case is such, in a word, as to satisfy the judg-
ment of a reasonable man, that as between
man and man it"would be just that this allow-
ance should be made, and that the bailee
should be exonerated from responsibility, tlien
I see no reason why justice should bo denied
by the United States, or why the United States
should refuse that justice to its own officers
which persons in private life would extend and
would be obliged by law to extend to their
own agents and bailees.
I hope, sir, that the recommendation of the
committee will bo concurred in by this House,
and the bill passed.
Mr. GUIS WOLD. 1 call the previous ques-
tion on the bill and amendment.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The first question was upon the following
amendment of Mr. Wasiibctixe, of Illinois:
Provided, That no part of said money shall be
allowed said Rittenhouse until the proper account-
ins officers ot the Government are sa.tisiied upon full
and complete evidence of the larccny of the money
alleged to have been stolen.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill as amended was then read the third
time.
The question was noon, the passage of the
bill.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, called for the
yeas and nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was "taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 68, nays 40, not voting
75; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ancona, Baker,
Baldwin, Banks, Beaman, Bmgham, Boutwcll, Boyer,
Biootnall, Bundy, Sidney Clarke, Coffroth, Darling,
Davis, Dawes, l)ixon, Driq;gs, Fckley, Eggleston,
Fldridgc, Eliot, Farounar, Ferry, Wrinncll, Griswoid,
Hale, Hart, Uayes, Holmes, James It. Ilubbell, Kai -
son, I\ elso,Ket chain, Lailin, Latham, Lc Blond, Loan,
MeRuer, Me rear, Morrill, Morris. Myers, Nicholson,
Perhani,Phelps, Pike, Plants, Price, Samuel J. Ran-
dall. Alexander II. Kice, Rogers, Rousseau., Schenclt,
Bcofieid, Spalding. Stevens, Stilwell, Strouse. Taylor,
Thayer Francis Thomas, Van Aernam, Wclker,
Jame* F. Wilson, and Winfieid—6S.
>, A YS — Messrs. Benjamin, Bergen, Cook, Cullom,
Dawson, Dcfreos, Denison, Farnsworlh, Fmek,Gloss-
brenner. Aaron Hardin!?, Abner C. Hardin?, Hill,
Asahel W. Hubbard, Udwin N. Ilubbell. Huiburd,
Ceorge V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, MeCul-
lough, Moulton. Ortb. Paine, William II. Randall.
John II. Rice, Hitter, Ross, Sawyer, Shanklm. Shella-
birger, Sitgreaves, Sloan, Taber, Thornton. Trimble,
Trowbridge, Elihu B. Wasbbiirne. Henry D. Wash-
burn, Wentwnrlli, Wmdom, and Wright—40.
NOT VOTI.Nti—Messrs. Ames, Andeinou. Delos R.
A=hley, James M. Ashley, Barker, Baxter, Bidwell,
Blaine. Blow, Brnndcgoe, Bromwell, Brooks, Buck-
land, Chnnler, Reader W. Clarke. Cobb, Conkling-,
Culver, Delano, Deming, Donnelly, Dumont, Garfield.
Goodyear.firidcr, Harris, Henderson, Iligby, Hasan,
Hooner, flotehkiss, Chester D. Hubbard, Demas
Hubbard, John II. Hubbard, James Humphrey,
James M. Humphrey, Ingcraoll, Jenekes. Johnson,
Jones. Julian, Kelley, Kerr, ICuvkendall, Longyeor,
Lynch, Marshall, Marston, Marvin. Me.Chirg. Mc-
Indoe, Mcliee, Miller, Moorhead, jNewell. isibiaek,
Noell, O'Neill, Patterson, Pomeroy, Radford, Ray-
mond.Rollins, Smith, Starr, John L.Thomas, Upson,
Burt Van Horn, Robert X. Van 1 Corn, Ward, Warner,
William B. Washburn, Whaley, Williams, Stephen
i'\ Wilson, and Woodbridgs—75.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. THATER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
now expired.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE PRESIDENT,
A message in writing from the President of
the United States, by Colonel William Gt.
Mooue, his Secretary, was received by the
House.
Also, a message informing the House that
he had this day approved and signed a joint
resolution (H. 11. No. 9G) in relation to the
public lands pertaining to the armory at Spring-
held.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that they had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled Senate bill
No. 91, entitled "An act to amend the act en-
titled 'An act for the relief of seamen and
others borne on the books of vessels wrecked
or lost in the naval service,' approved July 4,
1864, and for other purposes;" when the
Speaker signed the same.
MISSOURI LAND-O.ItAXT RAILROAD.
On molion of Mr. HOGAN, by unanimous
consent, Senate bill No. 37, making a grant of
land in alternate sections to aid in the con-
struction and extension of the Iron Mountain
railroad from Pilot Knob, in the State of Mis-
souri. to Helena, in Arkansas, was taken from
the Speaker'stable and read a first and second
time.
Mr. IIOGAN. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee 011 Public Lands.
Mr. PRICE. 1 object to that reference. I
call attention to the fotlowingrnle of the IIouSC:
"There shall be appointed at the commencement
of each Congress a Committee on the Pacific Raifroad,
to consist, of nine members. It shall lie (be duty ot
the said committee io takeinto consideration a.llsueh
petitions and matters or tilings relative to railroads
or telegraph lines beiween the Mississippi valley and
the Pacific coast as shall bo presented or shall come
in question and be referred to them by the House;and
to report, their opinion thereon, together with such
piopositions relative thereto as to them shall seem
expedient."
The point I make is, that under that rule all
matters relating to railroads between the valley
of the Mississippi and the Pacific coast shall go
to the Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Price] raises the point of order, that this
hill must be referred, under the rules, to the
Committee 011 the Pacific Railroad. The Chair
overrules the point, of order.
There arc two rules bearing upon this ques-
tion. The gentleman lias quoted one, which
is rule loO; the Chair will read the other,
rule 80:
"Tr, shall bo tho duty of the Committcoon thePufc-
]ic Lands to take in to consideration all such petitions
and matters or things 1 espectiug the land* of tho Uni-
ted States,ad shall bo presented, orshall or msi.ycorae
in question, and be referred io then) by the House; and
to report their opinion thereon, togethej wi!b such
piopositions for relief therein as to them shall seem
expedient"
Rule lot) provides:
"It shall be the duty of the Committee on the Pa-
cific Railroad to take into consideration ail sueii
petitions and matters or things relative to raihonde
01 trl'-'jraph hnri between the /./•./ vedtaj and the
Pneijie mail as shall be presented, or shall come in
question, and be referred, to them by the Home, and to
report their opinion thereon, together wiih such
propositions relative thereto as to tlicni shall seem
expedient."
Both rules state that the respective commit-
tees shall take cognizance of such matters a«
"shall coinoin'questionandbereferrcdtolbem
by the House/' But the Committee 011 Pub-
lic Lands have the larger jurisdiction. They
have jurisdiction of all questions "respecting
the lands of the United States as shall be pre-
sented or shall come in question, and be re-
ferred to them by the House." The Commit-
too on the Pacific Railroad have jurisdiction
of "all such petitions and .matters or things
relative to railroads or telegraph lines between
the Mississippi valley and the-Pacific coast as
shall be referred to them." This bill grants
lands for a railroad west of the Mississippi. It
is certainly in order for the House to refer it to.
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad. The
language of the rule, however, providing for
raising the Committee on Public Lands is so
broad as to make the reference of the bill to
that committee equally proper, if the House
sees fit so to refer it.
Mr. PRICE. I am satisfied. I only wanted
the question settled.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
withdraws his objection, and the bill, if there
be no further objection, will be referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
There was no objection; and tho motion to
refer the bill to the Committee on Public Lands
was agreed to.
Mr. IIOG AN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was referred; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider bo laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COLLECTION DISTRICT OF PORT HURON, ETC.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I ask the House to
grant unanimous conscntto have reported from
the Committee on Commerce a bill in which
my constituents are very much interested, and
which should be passed immediately. It re-'
lates to the division of a customs district 011 the
eastern side of the State of Michigan. The
division is recommended by the collector of
customs and also by all the officers in the
Treasury Department who have anything to do
with tho subject.
There was no objection ; and
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, by unani-
mous consent, reported back from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, with amendments, the hill
(S. No. 199) to establish the collection district
of Port Huron, in the district of Michigan, and
to extend the district of Puget Sound.
The bill, which was read incxienso, provides
that a new collection district, to be called the
district of Port Huron, be established in the
State of Michigan, which shall embrace the
mouth and entire shore of the Saint Clair river,
and tho counties of Saint Clair, Lapeer, Tus-
cola, and Saginaw, and all the territory and"
waters of the State of Michigan lying north of
said counties and east of the principal me-
ridian ; and a collector shall be appointed, to
reside at Port Huron, which shall be the sole
port, of entry for said district; and said col-
lector shall receive the same compensation pro-
vided for the collectors of Pembina, Chicago,
and certain other ports, by the second section
of the act to regulate the foreign coasting trade
011 the northern, northeastern, and northwest-
ern frontiers of the United States, and for other
puiposes, approved June 17, 18G4.
The bill further provides that, all the terri-
tory and waters of the State of Michigan lying
west of the said principal meridian, and not
included in the district of Michilimackinac, are
hereby made a separate district, to be called
the district of Michigan, for which a collector,
with the same compensation as provided for
the collector of Port Huron, shall be appointed,
to reside at Grand Haven, which shall be the
sole port of entry for said district of Michigan.
The second section provides that the collec-
tion district of Puget Sound be extended so as
to embrace all the territory and waters east of
said district to tho head waters of the Missis- •
sippi river.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am di-
rected by the Committee on Commerce to ofier
the following amendment, which is in accord-
ance with the recommendation of tho Treasury .
Department:
After tho enacting clause of the second section in-
sert the following:
That the Territories of Montana and Idaho bo. and
the same arc hereby, made a new collection district,
to be called the district of Montana and Idaho; ana
