THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
mends itself to the consideration of every en-
lightened mind at once, I would prefer some-
thing of that sort, a distinct proposition that all
pi-ovisions in the constitution or laws of any
State making any distinction in civil or political
rights, or privileges, or immunities whatever,
should be held unconstitutional, inoperative,
a.nd toid, or words to that effect. I would like
that much better; and I take it there arc not
many Senators within the sound of my voice
who would not very much prefer it; but, after
all, the committee did not rceommend a pro-
vision of that description, and I stand hero as
the organ of the committee, appjjpving what
they have done, and not disposed to urge my
own peculiar views, if I have any, against theirs,
or to rely exclusively on my own judgment so
far as to denounce what honorable and true
men, of better judgments than myself, have
thonghtbestto recommend, and in which I unite
and agree with them.
An objection that might be made to that, a
real objection, would be its immediate opera-
tion. It would place the States which have
recently been slave States in this condition, that
they must either limit the suffrage too far or
they must extend it loo far for their own safety,
or, at any rate, for what might be presumed to
be their own good. I take it no one contends,
I think the honorable Senatorfrom Massachu-
setts himself, who is the great champion of uni-
versal suffrage, would hard!}- contend, that now
at this time the whole mass of the population
of the recent slave Stales is fit to be admitted
to the exercise of the right of suffrage. I pre-
sume no man who looks at the question dis-
passionatelyand calmly could contend that the
great mass of those who wore reeently slares,
(undoubtedly there may bo exceptions,) and
who have beeniept in ignorance all their lives,
oppressed, more or less forbidden to acquire
information, are fit at this day to exercise the
right of suffrage, or could be trusted to do it,
unless under such good advice as those better
able might be prepared to give them. If we
passed a resolution of that kind, what would be
the result? The result would be that the slave ,
States, so called, must eitheradmitall or else they
must make a rule of exclusion which would cut
off not only all or nearly all the colore:! pop-
ulation, but a very large portion of their own
white population lrora the exercise of the right
of suffrage, for it has been a characteristic of
those States that they have been almost as un-
willing to extend the benefits of education to
the whites as to the blacks, and the result which
I spoke of would follow: povrerwould puss into
the hands of Iht; few. comparatively icry few.
The whole civil and political power of the Stat e
would bo exerci.-ed by but. a, very small num-
ber, and for a time, at least, it would bo wh.it
the dictionaries define to be an oligarchy, the
power of a few. I speak of this not as an argu-
ment that would prevent my putting into the
Constitution a provision, not perhaps in terms,
but in substance, like that which is offered by
the "honorable SenatorfromMissouri, if I could
accomplish it. Of course 1 would trust totime,
and il, would have its effect. With that great
principle lying at the bottom, after awhile the
result would be attained, and we should have
in the Constitution itself what 1 would like to
see there, a glorious exhibition of what does,
as the honorable Senator from Massachusetts
proved to us, lie at the very foundation of
republican government.
But, however this might be, (and I do not
propose Lo_ enlarge upon it, I only propose to
state the_difficulties,) I am not convinced that
suffrage is such a very natural right that it must
necessarily be conferred upon every free man.
I think no Senator will contend for that. In
a republican Government it may be that it may
receive the name of a right, although most peo-
ple call it a privilege: but a voter is an ouiecr,
not m the same degree, perhaps, but as much
SO m substance as the man who enters the jury
box. as arty one who holds an oliice. it is a
trust imposed upon him by the law. which he
executes under the law; and although f hold
that the exercise of the right of suffrage should
be extended just as fast and as far as the pub-
lic good will allow, I do not hold that any man
is injured when a just and reasonable law pro-
vides that something more is necessary to him
than a bare existence as a free man in a com-
munity in order to exercise it.
While the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts argued, and argued with great force, that
every man should have that right, and that he
should only be subject to disabilities which he
could overcome, his argument, connected with
the other principle that he laid down and the
application of it that he made, that taxation
and representation should go together, would
just as well apply to women as to men; but I
noticed that the honoi-able Senator dodged that
part of the proposition very carefully. While he
says that minors and insane persons and divers
others, and perhaps those who were not well
educated, might very properly be excluded, yet
when it came to the question whether females
should vote or not, I did not hear that he ox-
pressed any opinion upon that subject what-
ever ; and yet his argument goes to that extent.
If a necessary connection between taxation and
representation applies to the individuals in a
State, and that is his application of it—an ap-
plication which our ancestors never made of it;
they applied it to communities, not to individ-
uals—I should like to have him tell me why
every female that is taxed ought not to vote.
Sir, all this question with regard to the right
is one after all, in my judgment, to be wisely
considered by every State. Yon cannot settle
it upon any minute principle, because the con-
ditions of the States vary. In one State one
rule may be beneficial, in another another. The
only question is whether the law is just, and
whether in the rules that are made in regard to
it there is nothing that is at war with the great
principle which lies at the foundation of our
Government, that all men are and ought to be
equal. 1 agree with the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, that a caste exclusion is entirely con-
trary to the spirit of our Government, or of any
republican form of government.
Hut, sir, it was not my intention to discuss
that question; 1 come back to (hat which 1
slated: what are the objections to patting into
the Constitution at once a provision doing away
with all distinctions of this kind? I have given
one answer which does not satisfy myself. But
the argument that addressed itself to the com-
mittee was, what can wo accomplish? What
can pass? 1 f we report a provision of this kind
is there the slightest probability that it wiil be
adopted by the States and become a part of
Ihe ronstifulioa of the United Slates? It is
perfectly evident that there could be no hope
of that deseripiion. The argument with regard
to Connecticut was not that the action proved
anght, but I might appeal to the vote which
was taken in one of our own New England
States rejecting a proposition which proposed
to do away wirhall distinctionsbetween men on
account of color; [ might go to Wisconsin and
appeal to my honorable friend who insists so
strongly on having thirty-six stars. [Mr. Doo-
T.nTf':'K.] and ask hifn what probability there
would be ol its adoption in Wisconsin orinany
of the western States, where the difficulty ex-
ists now. We must lake men as we (iud them.
Vv hy._ sir, if we proposed an amendment of this
description, and if wo passed it in Congress,
of which probably there would be no sort of
chance in the world, how long should we have
to look to the States before it could become a
part of the Constitution ? ' I think it would 2:0
in Maine, becae-owe are very liberal there, and
particularly well educated. [Laughter.] J can-
not answer for any other State, nut even Xcw
Hampshire, for I believe New Hampshire will
not allow Catholics to hold office: and if that
is so it looks very much to me as if possibly
they might reject such an amendment; but I
think it would go in New Hampshire. But bow
is it in New \oik? New York make0 the dis-
tinction to-day and moists upon it. Of'course
we should nave all the States where slavery
has existed against us. If that is so, if it would
be a mere idle proposition, one that would not
commend itself to anybody, not in the first place
to Congress itself, and in the second place not
to the States themselves, should wo be acting
like practical and sensible men to throw every"
thing else aside and put this question upon that
alone? Whatever I might think of it, the com-
mittee thought otherwise, and that proposition
therefore is not before the Senate.
Laying, then, that out of thsj question, there
are but two propositions to be considered: one
is whether you will base representation on vot-
ers, either voters generally or citizens who are
voters; and the other is the proposition which
is before the Senate. I suppose that the prop-
osition to base representation upon actual vot-
ers would commend itself to the honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. I believe i have in
my desk a proposition I10 made to amend the
Constitution, that was laid before the Senate so
early in the session that the bell which called
us together had hardly struck its last note be-
fore it was laid upon the table, in which hs pro-
posed that the representation of the United
States should be based upon voters. Let me
ask him if that does not leave in the hands of
the States the same power that exists there now
and has existed heretofore. What is the differ-
ence in fact? The slave States, unless pre-
vented in some other way, might just -provide
that 110 person who is of a certain color or a
certain race shall vote ; and then it would have
precisely the same effect that this proposition
lias in substance. How does the Senator find
this so objectionable and that so suitable to
accomplish the purposes which ho desires to
accomplish? The proposition came from him;
of course itmet hisapproval; of course he would
desire to make it a part oftlie Constitution of the
United States. What was the object? The ob-
ject was precisely the same that we have here;
and that is to limit the representation accord-
ing to the extent of the suffrage, and in that
way to hold out an inducement to the States to
extend their classes of voters as far as possible
in order to increase their political pow'cr. Was
there anything else in it than that? If there
was nothing else in it than that, is not this the
same proposition so far as that particular point
goes? The power exists now and will continue
to exist unless it can be taken away by a stat-
ute, and of that I shall speak by and by.
The power exists now at the present time in
all these States to make just such class or caste
distinctions as they please. The Constitution
does not limit them: the Constitution in terms
j gives us no power : it leaves to the States, as
| everybody knows, the perfect authority to reg-
i ulate this matter of suffrage to suit themselves,
j What was the object of the honorable Senator
j when he offered that amendment? Was it not
j to limit that—not by law, but by simply hold-
ing out an inducement to the States which were
recently slave States to extend the suffrage to
the colored race and to all races for the t,ake
of the political power which it would give?
And yet in the beginning of his specch he talked
of ibis proposition as another compromise \\ itli
slavery. 1 f this was a compromise so was that,
for it did not profess to move an inch toward
accomplishing the purposes which he and all
others have so much at heart.
Mr. SUM_N Ell. Vv ill the Senator yield to
me a moment?
Mr r K \ DfiN. Certainly.
ji Mr. Sf .0 ,\ KR. J'ho Senator will bear in
:! mind that at the same momentthat Iintroduced
that proposition of amendment I introduced a
• bill, which was by act of Congress to declare
: that all men were equal before the law. and
: Inat there eonld be no denial of rights, civil or
, political. The two measures were to co to-
, gether.
1 Mr. FESKEXDEX._ It is not fo rmeto judge
; honorable Senator's I am unaware
how iar two measures .so entirely distinct ran
go together, one an amendment to the Consti-
tution to endure for all time, and which lie5? at
the bottom as a foundation principle, the other
an act of Congress thai may bo repealed to-
morrow, and which provides no sanction, no
penalty, no measure, no machinery, nothing
