1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
705
but a re'enactment of tbe Constitution itself in
language not half so forcible. I know that the
honorable Senator would gladly make it as
strong as possible. But I was appealing to
him to answer me, not that I ask him to an-
swer now, but in the ordinary form of address
to answer me why and how he can denounce
one measure in the strongest possible terms as i
a compromise, as showing a want of moral
principle, as an abandonment of moral princi-
ple, while he himself offers another which is
founded upon the same idea, and can only ac-
complish the same results.
Mr. SUMNER. I take issue with the Sen-
ator precisely on that point of the argument,
and Ht the proper time shall answer him.
Mr. I-' KSSKN j 'K X. My friend from Iowa
[Mr. Grimes] suggests an inquiry, how docs
the Senator know but that thisproposiiion will
be 1'ollowcd by legislation? How does Jie know
•what, has been the consultation of the eoni-
iniltee ot what the committee propose to do?
The question is, how far is it good, and no fur-
ther. Now, sir, J am not speaking of the
words, but T am speaking of the effect of the
two upon the question under consideration.
The effect of limiting it 1o voters is simply to
leave the power where it is. and leave it per-
fectly in the power of the States to regulate
suffrage as they please. The proposition sub-
mitted by the committee goes that whole length.
It leaves the power where it is ; but it tells them
most distinctly, if you exercise that power
wrongfully, such and such consequences will
follow. How tar that shall be an argument 1
will speak of by and by.
"What objection is there to basing represen-
tation upon \oters? And here again F bc-g leave
to state the views of theoommiUee on that sub-
ject. There are several objections, in the
first place, we natui ally Iceonm attached to th.it
to wlneh we arc accustomed specially if it is
well founded in prineiple. and agreeable to us
in all ordinary respects. The piinciple of the
Constitution, with regard to rep) esentatiou. is
that it shall be founded on population ; that the
people who are voteis, males of twenty-one
years of ago, (a<? ha- been ihe ordinary con-
struction*) are not the whole people of a. State :
and when a Slate lias representation, the rep-
resentatives, whoever they may be, do not con-
sider themselves as representing males over
twenty-one year-> of a^e alone, but as represent-
ing all, those under a(j;e as well as tho.;e over
age, females as well as males, i do not know
how the honorable Senai or from Massachusetts
feeds, but i could hardly stand here easily if 1
did not suppose 1 was representing the ladies
of my Stale. [ Laughter, j 1 know, or 1 fancy
1 know, that I have received considerable sup-
port from some of them, hot exactly jn 1 lie way
of voting, but in influencing voters. [Laugh-
ter. ]
As F have said, we are attached to that idea,
that the whole population is represented: that
although ail do not vote, yet all are heard.
That is the idea of the Constitution. But an-
other objection to ba^.ng repicsentation upon
voters is that it would bo unequal. 1 have not
taken (ho trouble to search the tables and see
how far that inequality would go. v, hat State
it would operate in favor of and what State it
would operate nnainst: but we all know very
well that it must neces-arily operate most in
favor of the new States, and the newer the Kiafe
the stronger would be the operation, la cause
the newer the State i< the greater is its pro-
portion of male- over hventv-one vears of age
and legal voters. We, of the old States, are
not of opinion that the now States, made up
as they are m the b^ginnino:. are any better
able 1o conduct the niiair^ of (rovernment than
we are ourselves. Vfe are wilhng to concede
to them equality, but not sup^rioi iiy. It would,
therefore. a« I have said, and as has been or-
gued—because | his mailer has been thoroughly
disclosed in the other Ilou.-e. and i" perb-.'aly
familiar to ev^rvhodv'—produce an inequality,
and a very co euderablo and ^nikiug one, ;y
far as coiik1 of the States arc concerned.
But again, it wonUl hold out an inducement
to run the ballot to an unreasonable extent.
A State being possessed of political power, natu-
rally desiring more, might look around to see
how it conld make itself equal with another
State, and thus might extend its franchise; and
the other might see that it is likely to be over-
balanced, and extend its franchise in the same
way. and perhaps the result might be an un-
seemly race between States to increase their
political power by increasing the number of
their voters. Therefore, if you propose to do
anything of that sort, you must limit your-
selves, make your provision, and say how far it
shall go.
It would operate badly, the oommittcc thought,
in some other particulars. Take, for instance,
the State of Missouri. I understand that in th#t
State rebels have been disfranchised, substanti-
ally: they are not allowed to vote. That may
be a necessary and wise policy there. I am
certain it would be wise to do it in a number of
other States. Will you cut off from these States
the power to do so? No. you do not cut off the
power; but do you wbdi to hold out an induce-
ment to them to repeal their law or to thango
their constitutions, if it is a constitutional pro-
vision. and allow robe's to vole, because you
punish them with the loss of political power
unless they do so? I do not know but that it
would lead to a repeal of the test oath and cer-
tain registiv laws and a great many things of
that description, which are \ery beneficial safe-
guards wit h legard to the electi\ e franchise any-
where and everywhere.
Those in general were the objections which
<he committee had to basing this amendment
of the Constitution, or this limitation, or what-
ever yon may call it. upon voters : and if you ex-
tend it to eiri'/ens. or narrow it to citizens, you
make it. worse so far ns many of the States are
concerned Hot* my honorable friends from the
Pacific coast, where there is a large number of
foreigners, would hardly be willing to have them
cut oif; "and they have no benefit of political
power in the legislation of the country arising
from the number of those foreigners who make
a portion of their population. The diiliculty is
that you meet with troubles of this kind every-
where the moment you depart from the prin-
ciple of basing representation upon population
and population alone. You meet wit h inequal-
ities, with diiliculties, with troubles, either in
one section of the country or the other, andyoa
are inevitably thrown back upon the original
prineiple of the Constitution. That is the idea
of the committee. JLow far the committee is
ricdit about it. and how far the \ie\vs which I
have <-ubmitt(d. and width presented them-
selves to than, may be con-'deied a> aftei all
of verv .-miali account in tin consideration of a
question so important. It is for the Senate to
judge.
Then, sir, when wo pet beyond (liar, there is
onlv one proposition left. and that is the prop-
osition which the committee has adopted and
i'( commended to Congress,
I will read it :
Apticim—. i:e.i1-loll be niiportionoil
omelet; tile sev( ral > et "■ w'n, h n1'.':; be im tu'led
witlnn tins rnteti .-teeenliiitt to t ti"irie-neeln t' uuui-
bel'S, CoItttiTT; the whole liai.lbei o! m e;]eh
,State, exehulintr iiuh;m> tnaeixeu: /Ve*;e/,i/, Tr,;,i
whenever the eipetiv • t:\uichi-e. th.'i!! he ileincl or
.ibiutseit in .ntvSru'e ou neeoatit e: i,ice nr cube,
iiil i r. -.ens tin i em of sin li rr( e <>,■ r b,r I be e.v-
elu,ie,I ironi tile b;ei- ol repre-eiitutl'in.
11 will lie noticed thai
we have thus predated
it preserves the original i
it leaves that mat'•< r p"e
sit it 111 ion placed it in the
in) chan^e-t in that rCsper-t
dice: it violates no feeLnit.
repre-'enled according to its
this dbtinciion: that if a Stab
a ponion, a ela=s, which is no
[;o amonr'aient which
i- o'to oond qualuy.
m.- of represent,.! i vi;
•i lv v-iicre the Con
■st instance ; it makes
it violates nn pri ju-
!. lively Slate is
opnlation vvith
-•a;.s thai ir has
I'h to be r. ; -re-
sented—and it is for lie- Slate to decidi—it
shall no! he represent rd: that 'li all. it iitH
anetlief 'roiel p",af: i: i-eeas'in 0 s-opera! ion :
all p' e-iii! • in e-e'iy Shee are to le* <■ t>1 • t:r■,i.
noilodv w to lie l r j. fed. v, ; i; !, \.r'j
exception iixed by , h- tginei 1 .-on "tun ion, all
races, colors, nations, languages, and denomi-
nations form the basis.
But, sir, the great excellence of it—and I
think it is an excellence—is, that it accom-
plishes indirectly what we may not have the
power to accomplish directly. If we cannot
put into the Constitution, owing to existing
prejudices and existing institutions, an entire
exclusion of all class distinctions, the next
question is, can we accomplish that work in any
filler way?
I am one of those who have always thought
it was "better to govern men by their own con-
victions of their own interests than by force.
Even if we had the power to pass the other res-
olution, I am by no means certain that all the
good we expect from it would follow, although
it meets my wishes and my views. But here
we are; the Constitution as it stands says that
all persons shall ]fc counted in order to form a
basis of representation. We propose to alter
that, and we propiose to alter it in order to
avoid a great evil and accomplish a great good.
In attempting io make that alteration, we nat-
urally inquire as to our power, what can we
do? The opinion is that what 1 have specified
cannot be done. The thing cannot be done in
that way. The question then is, can it be done
in any tray, and if in any way, if any amend-
ment to the Constitution would be acceptable
to the people which has a tendency to accorn-
! pli.-di the great result that we aim at, and is
not in itself otherwise objectionable, why not
take that? As I look at it we ought to be
practical.
I do not think it my duty as a legislator in
this Hall to trouble myself much about what,
are called abstractions. My constituents did
not send me here to philosophize. They sent
me here to act, to (ind out. if 1 could, what is
best for the good of the whole, and to do it,
and they are not so short-sighted as to resolve
that if they cannot do what they would, there-
fore they will do nothing Then let us look
and see if this proposition wlvch we have ad-
vanced to you has not a tendency to produce
the great, result that we wish to accomplish. I
speak to our friends, not- to those who are op-
posed to all efforts of this kind. I speak to
those who are willing to do something.
■Sir, it says to these people, to all people mind
you. tliat all men should be equal: it s^iys to
all the people of the United States, ''You shall
be represented in Congress, but as we fear that
yon may be governed by narrow views, as we
iearthar \ou ml) do injustice to a portion ol the
people under jour (barge, and that you will
not carry out the at eat principles which lie at
the foundation of the Cunsftiution itself, and
of all free and republican government, as was
so eloquently shown by the honorable Senator
from -Massachusetts yesterday, we say to you
,1 that you shall not have political power any
further than you show by your action that j-ou
are disposed to let, all under your charge par-
ticipate in it.'' Is not that a great prineiple?
is it not worth something by wav of induce-
ment? Is it a "mean compromise," for so it
was denominated—that the commiUecof fifteen
and ilie House of Representatives when they
;; passed ir placed themselves in the situation of
I! Pontius Pilate, with the negro for the Saviour
of tin; wond and the people of the Untied
, Stages far TSarabbas. as designated by the lton-
I orabb1 Senator. Why. sir, J expected to hear
^ hiui in the n<>xt breath go further than that ami
j say that what with the Constitution of the Uni-
'! ted States and the eonstiluiions of the t taics
; the nejrro had been erneiiied. and that now by
: the amendment to the Cou^iiturion the stone
had been rolled away from the door of his
j' sepuichiT. and he hud a^eemh d to sit on the
1 theone of the Almicrhiy and jadtre the world!
'■ One would have been, pern,it me to say with
. all respect, in as good ta"ie as the eta- 1
Xow. sir, we pi opo^e this, tm'1,,, hi.i does it lend
to? Men love po'efie;e,( ,wfr : they do notpart
wi'h it or-s J s : ; ■ , J h yt, to oieietise it. flawing
A iit'.ie. five tife k ady . o er:ts;o tnore IHhii'S
' the case. Lave we not done sotneiii.u,^ it j ■'?
aineiiutnent i.s passed, to say fo men, "\oar
3i)TH CuXrt. IriX S.P'
aM'. C\iK
