1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
know whether the election was held at the
place designated or not. It seems to me the
majority of the committee have not definitely
stated that in their report.
Without going farther into a discussion of
the points which have suggested themselves to
my mind as 1 have read over this case, I will
mention one very remarkable fact., upon which
I hope we shall get light. It is alleged that
thfe management of the registry and inspection
was in the hands of the party favorable to the
election of the contestant, yet that, notwith-
standing this fact, the other party favoring the
sitting member committed so many frauds in
the management both of the inspection and the
registry that the whole should be thrown out.
That in itself is a very remarkable proposition—
one which is not usually made in cases of con-
tested elections ; and 1 should be very glad to
know whether it would be likely that the party
having the management could be the party de-
frauded. It seems to me, on the lace of it, a
little remarkable that, with that fact before us,
wo should be asked to throw out the whole vote
of that district as fraudulent.
But, what is of more consequence still, the
sura of all the allegations, as I understand,
bears against the legality of the registry and
the inspecting board, and not particularly
against the legality of the ballots deposited in
tlie box. Now, it would seem to me unwise
and unjust on our part to throw out the votes
of a large* number of voters simply because
some of the officers, antecedent to the election,
failed to do their duty. If, as the minority
claim, the statute in this case is merely direct-
ory, we ought to try to find out, it' possible^
whether there were illegal voles eastland il
so, how many, and whether the throwing out
of the illegal votes would change the result
and unseat the sitting member. The commit-
tee have not gone into that question at all; yet
to my mind that is precisely the point upon
which the decision of the ease should turn. If
I knew that there were enough illegal votes
cast under all circumstances to unseat the sit-
ting member, I should, without hesitation, vote
for the report of the committee.
It does not appear, however, that the com-
mittee have gone into that question at all; but
on antecedent grounds, on the ground of the
illegality of the registry, and the illegal con-
stitution of the inspectors' board, tlicy have
thrown out the vote ofthe entire precinct., and
thus tbey settle the question in favor ot_ the
contestant. New, sir, I want the committee
to go further and inquire into the legality of
the votes ea^t—going beyond the mere ques-
tion of the legality of the registry—a proceed-
ing in which the voters themselves could have
had no part or lot.
Mr. SOOFlEfjD. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. fiARRIELD. Certainly.
Mr. SCOl'TELD. The committee exam-
ined the evidence with which the parties fur-
nished them. Now, docs tlie gentleman trom
Ohio [Mr. Garfield] desire that the commit-
tee shall go to New York, undertake for them-
selves a personal investigation, and thus make
up a case; or does he mean that the committee
shall act. as do all other committees not au-
thorized to call witnesses before them? Tlie
committee act upon the evidence brought be-
fore them by the parties or their counsel, or
sent to them by the House, and they present
such a report, as they believe the evidence war-
rants. If the gentleman wants to send the
committee to New York to trace out the men
who were concerned ia this fraudulent election,
let him so state. If the gentleman has any
evidence to send to that committee, let him
produce it, and show wherein the committee
have neglected any duty that the House has
assigned them.
Mr. GARFIELD. I can save the gentle-
man some apprehension by saying^ that I do
not reflect at all upon the action of the com-
mittee. nor do I wish them sent on a ro\mg
commission. 1 in common with the other mem-
bers of the House may be in fault in not hav-
ing given the committee sufficient material to
work with.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I am not complaining or
censuring the committee. I am only stating
what the gentleman's proposition is. It is out-
side of any duty over assigned to that commit-
tee or any other except an investigating com-
mittee. I want to ask him whether he means
that we shall go to New York or call New York
witnessesbeforeus; or, sir, shall the committee,
as it has always done, act on the case the par-
ties hare chosen to present to the House and
the House has referred to us.
Mr. GARFIELD. I will answer the gentle-
man. What I mean is precisely this; as a
member of the House, before I vote to unseat
or retain a person here, I desire to know what
the fraud was, so far as it can be ascertained,
for which it is proposed to throw out the dis-
trict. I propose that the parties contesting here
shall have an opportunity to present evidence
on that point, and that the committee shall have
power to send for persons and papers, if neces-
sary, for us to find that before we take final
action in the case. I want the contestants here
to have an opportunity to find that out.
I will only detain the House for a moment,
longer. I do not believe, sir, in the present
state of the case, as reported by the committee
—1 have no doubt they have used all the facts
they had before them—I say that I do not be-
lieve they have had sufficient facts to meet the
issue in this case.
I was about to mention another thing when
interrupted. One side insists that a district
means an election precinct, and the other in-
sists it means an assembly district. If it
means an assembly district, then I should say
the registry board was legally made. _ If it
means an election district, then I think it was
illegal. Before voting 1 should like to know
whether the custom prevails in the city of New
York to appoint registers within the election
district or from anywhere in the assembly dis-
trict.
Mr. DAWES. I am searching for informa-
tion, and I would like to know from the gentle-
man from Ohio in what part of the report he
finds the statements to which he refers.
Mr. GARFIELD. The majority report, on
page 4, speaks ofthe inspectors of the election
as not residing within the district. Now, the
sitting member declares that it was so generally
throughout the city of New York. He so de-
clared in the debate vesterday, and he further
declared that he had affidavits from other wards
of the city that such was the usual practice, that
members were chosen to boards of inspectors
from the assembly district in which thev voted,
and were not necessarily confined to the elec-
tion district. Now, upon what ground this is
claimed by the other side I do not know, and
it is precisely for that reason that I want, this
committee to inquire as to the practice and
custom in New York in reference to that
point. The settlement of that point will de-
termine whether this was legal or not., and as
the chairman of the committee deems it of prime
importance, it will of course decide the case.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, it is
my custom, so far as I can, in all these elec-
tion cases to understand them before I vote.
It seems to me to be the duty of every member
of the House, when he comes to act as judge
under his oath in deciding between two men,
both claiming seats upon this floor, to under-
stand the ease. I am not willing myself ordi-
narily, though I have great respect for the" Com-
mittee of Elections and for its able chairman,
to shelter myself behind the report of that com-
mittee without some examination and an effort
to come to a correct conclusion on my own
part. With that view, I have devoted what
time I could to the investigation of this ease.
I have read the majority and minority reports,
and the testimony referred to in them.
It seems, Mr. Speaker, that the eighth con-
! grc'sional district of New\orkis a Democratic
) district, I fear hopelessly so. There is no
! question about that. If any man will examine
! the vote given at the election of 1804 he will
come to the conclusion thatHhere.is avQry.
large majority in that district againstmy party.
There were three candidates running, the' sit-
ting member, Mr. Brooks, the Tanxmatty Hall
Democrat, Mr. Barr, and the Republican can-"
didate, Mr. Dodge. Mr. Brooks obtained'tjie,
certificate that he had received a plurality'of
the votes, being 148 more than Mr. Dodge, who"
received the next highest vote. Mr. Barr re-.
ceived four or five thousand votes. I do not
remember the exact number. It is claimed
that there was fraud practiced in preparing the
register of one of the election districts in this
congressional district, and that incompetent
and illegal votes were polled in another voting
precinct- The committee discard as unsus-
tained the allegations against the other voting
district and confine themselves in their report
to the fifteenth district of the eighteenth ward
and the seventh district of the twenty-first ward.
Now, sir, it is nowhere claimed, or if claimed
it is not proven, as I can understand, and if I
am incorrect I wish some member of the com-
mittee would correct me—there is no proof
whatever bringing home to Mr. Brooks any
fraud or corruption at either of these polls. . It
is not shown that he had any knowledge of Or
participation in any frauds. It is not shown
by any of the evidence that he used any money
to carry the election. I believe I am correct
in this. Then, so far as he is individually con-
cerned, his skirts are clear from any imputa-
tion of fraud or other corrupt practices. So
far, so good, then. On the other hand, it is
proven in this case that Mr. Dodge paid Mr.
Barr §2,000 to run.
Mr. UPSON. I call the gentleman's atten-
tion to the fact that there is no such proof
whatever, and that it is all nntrne. On the
contrary, so far as that matter is concerned, if
anything of that kind was done, it was done
without the knowledge of Mr. Dodge.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Well, the proof will
settle that. If I am mistaken, I shall be very
glad to be corrected.
Here is an extract from Mr. Dodge's testi-
mony, which will be fonnd'on page 146 of the
second part of tlie testimony : ,
" Question. When was your last payment to Mr.
Cannon on account of tlio election?
"Answer. 1 didn't pay anyliutig to Mr. Cannon
except on election flay.
"Uucilion. How much was that!
"A nswer. Five thousand dollars. Ho returned mc,
after election, J think, $300.
"(Juration. I'or what purpose was that!
"Answer. 1 don't, know; it was gome expenses lor
carriages—for hack hire; lie said he might want it m
the course of the day. ,
"QmsHoa. When was your last payment to Mr.
I have not the date, but xnyt impression
is that H was ?ome three or lour weeks alter election.
"Question. And the amount?
It was exactly $2,000.
"Question. Was any statement made at that time
for what purpose that $2,01)0 was ?
"sinvcrr. lie "vviote to me tliat he had a bill to pay,
and 1'hot Mr. (Jannon had stated that funds had been
put in my hands. wv *
"Question. ])o you know whether that&2,000 was for
any special purpose*? „
" Awcer. I have heard since it was to pay Mr. Barr.
"Question. Did you know that a;t the tune /
"A/wwer, I suspected it, but didn t know it.
The contestant has corrected his testimony,
and says now the amount he paid Mr. Cannon
was $000 and not $5,000.
In the testimony of Cannon and Cowden, they
swear, one or the other, that he did bargain with
Mr. Barr to contiuuc in the Held, that he asked
Barr how much money it would take, and Barr
told him it would require about five thousand
dollars to '' run'' that district. They finally set-
tied upon $2,000, to be paid to Rarr, as he said,
for "running the polls/5 providing ticket dis-
tributors, &c. I will read from the testimony
of Cowden. He says:
" Qw-ition. You paid Mr. Barr §2,000?
'' gioXl.'Anrt'y ou received from MrDodge ?2,000?
"Answer. Irecuived justtiOOO; it so happened that
it was the same amount. . f ,,
" Oueition. Was the $2,000 received by you from Mr.
Dod^-e i'or any other rmrpose than to reimburse you
the $2,000 you had paid Mr. Barr ?
"Anwtr. Well, I will not say it was for that pur-
pose directly. 0
" Question. I ask if it was for any other purpose t
"Answer. Not so far as lam concerned, it was not.
