1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2729
dollars per dozen bottles, eachbottle containing more
than one pint, or three dollars per dozen bottles,
each bottle containing not more than one pint.
I suppose it is a well-known fact that there
are no wines raised in this country but what
are classed or classified as mentioned in this sec-
tion, which I believe is an addition to the ori-
ginal law upon this subject, and no doubt it is
intended to be a tax and would be a very heavy
tax on all wines that are raised in this country.
I am looking to the action of this House with
regard to that section. Probably it will be
adopted. If it is, it will certainly be a very
heavy burden upon the culture of the grape
and making of wine in this country.
It is a well-know fact in the State of Califor-
nia that grape juice in its first stage is a very
cheap article, selling at from twenty-five to
thirty-five cents per gallon by thousands and
thousands of gallons. The small jobbers are
those who will have to bear this burden of five
cents a gallon. It takes time to become val-
uable. One year adds to the value of the wine
one or two hundred per cent.; two years doubles
it, and so on. The man who has money can
purchase at great advantage because the tax,
amounts to nothing against capital invested for
a number of years. But the small men are to
be burdened and distressed by that little tax
whereas the provision on page 164 is the one
that will come upon the capitalist.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to correct the gen-
tleman from California so far as to say that the
wines provided for on page 104 are not wines
made from grapes at all. They are merely
wines manufactured in the cities from a small
portion of spirits, sugar, and some other arti-
cles. If the gentleman will noticc the com-
mencement of the section he will sec that it
refers solely to imitation wines. It does not
include the real wines that we are considering
at all.
Mr. HIGBY. I withdraw the amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. LAWRENCE,_ of Ohio. I move to
strike out ''five" and insert "ten ;" so that it
will read: "on wine made of grapes, a tax of
ten cents per gallon."
We all desire to get this bill into a shape in
which each product of the country will render
its just tribute of taxation. Now. I think there
is no one product which pays better for the
amount of capital and labor invested than does
the article of grape wine. It is not an abso-
lute necessity. It is a luxury ; and the theory
upon which this bill, to some extent, proceeds
is, that it is not our policy to tax sources of
productive industry except so far as they pro-
duce luxuries. This is one of the luxuries
which will bear more, I think, than five cents
tax per gallon. We tax leather five per cent.,
candles five per cent., and'many other articles
the same. We tax wooden screws which enter
into the manufacture of a great many other arti-
cles, five and ten percent.; and we tax matches
one cent a box, while we propose by this pro-
vision to tax this article of luxury, indulged in
as a general rule only by the wealthy, a thing
not essential to life or to comfort, five cents a
gallon. That is less than one cent a bottle.
We propose to tax wine one cent a bottle,
while we tax matches one cent a box.
Now, sir, I am perfectly willing, when the
tariff hill shall come up, to impose such a duty
upon foreign wines as will give to our home
manufacturers command of the home market.
But I am unwilling that this article of luxury
should escape with less than ten cents tax on
each gallon manufactured in this country.
There is no article that can endure a lax bet-
ter. It is a mere article of luxury; and the
theory of this bill is that luxuries should bo
required to pay large revenues to the country.
I hope my amendment will prevail.
Mr. SPALDING. I rise to oppose this
amendment. 1 represent a district which is
very considerably interested in the production
of wine. But my constituents are entirely
willing to bear their share of this internal tax
levied upon wine or other articles, provided
the people may not be distressed thereby.
There are certain articles of prime necessity
in regard to which the taxes should be light;
but so far as regards this duty of five cents a
gallon upon our native wine I have no objec-
tion, so far as -our producers are concerned,
to its imposition. I object, however, to the
amendment offered by my colleague to raise it
to ten cents. I agree with the committee as
regards the rate imposed.
Mr. McRUER. I move pro forma to insert
seven instead of ten cents. It is with some
reluctance that I rise to say that I am in favor
of striking out the tax proposed in this bill,
which applies particularly to my own State.
I probably have the honor to represent the
largest wine-growing district in the country,
and I desire to say that I have no intention
nor desire to relieve my district from its fair
share of public burden. I consider it not only
a duty, but a privilege, for them to bear what
is justly imposed upon them.
Mr. Chairman, the production of California
wine is an exception to all other agricultural
pursuits in this country. Perhaps it is not
generally known that a person who plants a
vineyard has to wait patiently for five long
years before he can get the first remunerative
profit on the culture of grapes. It is entirely
different from all other agricultural pursuits,
where in a few months you can realize on
your products. The wine-grower has to wait
many years, and this, in a countrj' where cap-
ital and labor are very high and where wine-
growing is in its infancy, is an important con-
sideration. Though our soil is admirably
adapted to the cultivation of the grape, it does
not necessarily follow that we can make as
good wine as is made in Europe. It is yet an
experimental thing, and must often result in
failure.
It may not be generally known that what is
termed wine in California, the product of the ■
grape that has undergone the process of fer- j
mentation and is recognized as wine, although
technically it might be known as something
else, sells there for about thirty cents a gallon.
That is about the current price that the manu-
facturer of that wine realizes for the raw prod-
uct. The present expense of package in order
to transport it to market is, this last year, ten
cents a gallon. The average cost in placing it
in market at San Francisco, for export or con-
sumption, is almost equal to tiie cost of bring-
ing it from France. And although this is an
interest that we think very highly of and desire
to cultivate, and which the State of California
exempts from all taxation, still it is a fact that
the people who have cultivated the grape there
for the last five or ten years have not made it
a profitable investment.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELLEY. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. I consider ten cents to be an inordi-
nate tax on this article. Indeed. I think wine
should have had no tax upon it. I understand
a tax of five cents a gallon is equivalent to a
tax of fifteen or twenty per ce t. upon the
article. That is a higher rate than we have
proposed on most other products.
Gentlemen say it is an article of luxury. It
ought not to be an article of luxury , and if we
look to the health and temperance of our peo-
ple we will not, treat it as a matter of luxury.
Could our home-grown wines abound so that
all our people could drink them, as they do in
France and Germany, we would present in our
morals a blessed contrast to our present con-
dition. Wherever wine is cheap—pure native
wine—the people are temperate. It enters i
into their daily use. Wherever it is dear, as
in England and Scotland, intemperance marks
in an important degree the life of the lower
orders of the people.
This is a new branch of industry. Its ma-
chinery, its customs, are not yet established.
1 would take the whole tax off until we shall
have vineyards in every part of the country and
our manufacturers shall be so skilled in the
production of wine that we yw'1 say in this
country, as they do iu France when they want
to indicate the extreme poverty of a laboring
man, "Why he is so poor that he does not
drink wine for his dinner." Wemake a great
mistake when we impose any tax on a new.,
branch of industry that connects itself in so
important a way as this does at once with the
sanitary condition of the people, and with their
morals. Sir, the American people are more
afflicted with that terrible disease dyspepsia
than any other; and why? Because almost
every other people on the face of the globe, at
least within the bounds of Christendom, indulge
in acid wines, and they are cheap. Instead
of that, here such wine is a luxury. It is con-
tinually prescribed to the rich dyspeptic, while
the poor laboring man on the shoe-makers or
tailor's seat cannot get the specific, because it
is so expensive. I would cheapen it by remov-
ing all taxation from it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. McRUER. I withdraw the amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio. I move to strike
out "ten" and insert "three."
The gentlemen who have spoken in regard
to this tax seem to assume that this is an arti-
cle produced without any expense. Now, sir,
there is no article produced from the ground
that costs more money in producing it than
wine docs. Almost everything used by the
producer of the grape requires the expenditure
of money. Nor is that all. There is no busi-
ness so precarious as this in the region of coun-
try where I reside, which is the wine region of
Ohio. The crop is by no means a certain one.
In two out of five seasons the grape cultivator
may expect a failure.
Now, if you wish to tax the cultivation of
this article out of existence a proposition to
tax it five or ten cents a gallon is well enough.
But if it is to be encouraged, as it ought to be,
especially on the grounds suggested by my
friend from Pennsylvania. [Mr. Kellet, ] then
such a tax is manifestly excessive.
This is one of the most important interests
in my section of country. In some portions
of it we can raise nothing else. We go upon
the hill-sides and make them contribute to the
industry ofthe country. The amendment moved
by the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means taxing this article while in the condi-
tion of must at five cents per gallon, really
amounts to ten cents, for every ran after it
passes the press it is losing and wasting, and
when ready for the market in the character of
wine it has lost one half of the capacity it had
when taken from the press. I ask gentlemen
to consider these facts.
Mr. WRIGHT. It is the first duty of the
Congress of the United States to provide a
system of taxation that will enable us to pay the
interest upon the national debt, and to fund a
certain portion to meet the principal of that
debt upon some future occasion.
A proposition is made here to fax native
wines, and I desire to call the attention of the
House to this consideration. Yon are well
aware that the introduction of lager beer into
this country has done a world of good in aid
ofthe temperance societies of the nation. We
are manufacturing wines in this country, and
intend at no distant day to manufacture them
so cheaply that they may be a substitute for
whisky, to the end that there may be a greater
degree of sobriety among the people, while the
masses ofthe people may enjoy their creature
comforts.
Now, what is the effect of this bill? The
gentlemen of wealth can afford to pay the duty
imposed, for after all the tax comes out ofthe
pocket of the consumer. If you impose a tax
upon these native wines it of course has to
come out of the consumer. Where are^ you
then? You are denying the masses^ of the
people those beverages in which you indulge
yourself. In this remaik I am not to be under-
stood as speaking personally- ^ You first put a
duty on foreign wines, and raise the price of
them SO high "that no poor man can enjoy them,
and then, when you eome to our native wines,
that should bo enjoyed by the masses of the
