1866.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
28$
39th Cong.:.. 1st Sess.
Imported Wool—Mr. Latorence.
Ho. op Reps.
prosperous, and happy; labor was lightly bur-
dened, and the Federal tax-gatherer was un-
known in the land. Liberty, regulated by law,
prevailed everywhere; freedom of speech, free-
dom of religion, freedom of the press, and free-
dom of person remained inviolate. All these
grand results were effected without having
erected a single prison or arrested a single pris-
oner ; '' without having shed one drop of human
blood or wrung one tear-drop from a human
eye for a political offense.'' Political prisoners,
military arrests, and state bastiles were things
unknown in the land, and Government, likethe.
dews of heaven, dispensed its blessings equally
and alike to all. This is the party whose light
these malignant defamers would extinguish and
whose history they would blot out from the
records of the country. As well try to extin-
guish the sun or eradicate the impress that God
Himself has placed on all His works.
"the intensely loyal."
These slanders and epithets, so flippantly
used against the Democratic party, were ori-
ginally fabricated and circulated by men who
wished to seize the Government that they
might plunder and rob the people: men who
"put on the livery of the court of heaven to
serve the devil in;" in virtue's guise devour
the widow's mite and orphan's bread ; in holy
phrase, transact villainies that common sin-
ners durst not meddle with. Men who, in the
name of Union, have labored unceasingly to
bring about discord and disunion, in the name
of republicanism have nearly achieved a cen-
tralized despotism; in the guise of loyalty and
patriotism have struck at the vitals of the Con-
stitution, and undermined the foundations of
civil liberty; in the name of religion have sown
infidelity broadcast, and in the name of charity
cry unceasingly for bloodshed and massacre ;
in the name of honesty have robbed the people
of uncounted millions, and in the name of
economy have squandered the wealth of the
nation; a faction, in short, conceived in sin and
brought forth in iniquity, whose whole life has
been a lie and a fraud, and whose advent to
power was the prelude to every conceivable
calamity to the country; whose honesty is pec-
ulation ; whose economy consists in pocketing
the money of the people; whose religion is
hypocrisy; whose piety is infidelity; whose
Unionism consists in stirring up strife and ha-
tred between the sections; whose charity cries
for blood and confiscation; whose love of
country is a sham and a mockery; whose de-
votion to the interests of the soldier is shown
by utterly refusing to pay him what is justly
his due, and attempting to degrade him to the
level of the negro ; whose fidelity to the Con-
stitution is manifested by trampling that sacred
charter of our liberties under their unhallowed
feet; whose political capital is falsehood and
defamation, and whose sole principles are sec-
tional domination for the sake of power and
plunder. A faction, in fine, that has professed
every virtue but to trample upon and outrage
it, and denounced every vice while openly and
unblushingly practicing it. An adulterous con-
junction of the deserters of all parties, held to-
gether by the "cohesive power of public plun-
der;" oppressors of the poor ; betrayers of the
rights and interests of the soldiers, whose cham-
pions they profess to be: deliberate stirrers up
of strife, hatreds, and animosities between dif-
ferent sections of our common country; pro-
moters of discord and disunion ; false to their
own professions, false to God, and false to
country, they will be driven from power with
the curses of Heaven and of all good men
resting upon them.
the democracy during the war.
From such characters as these we constantly
hear the cry of'' treason'' raised against all who
will not quietly submit to their tyrannical domi-
nation. Sir, I do not stand here to vindicate
the Democratic party. It needs no vindication.
The annals of the world furnish no parallel to
39th Cong. 1st Sess.—No 19.
the self-sacrificing devotion to their Govern-
ment of the Democracy duriug the last few
years. Their country precipitated into a bloody
civil conflict which they had labored unceas-
ingly to avert; with a party in power in whose
devotion to the Union and the Constitution
they had no confidence; slandered, hunted
down, and imprisoned without the slightest
cause, you could not drive from their hearts,
you could not even weaken their love of the
Union and of the starry flag of their country.
Shut out from the emoluments and great prizes
of the conflict, they rushed to the front ranks,
and wherever the cannon roared the loudest,
and the conflict raged the fiercest, there they
bared their breasts to the merciless iron hail
that rattled around them. Their bones lie
bleaching on a thousand battle-fields, while a
hundred thousand green graves open their
voiceless mouths toward the heavens in silent
rebuke of this infamous slander. Go, vile
wretch, to these battle-fields, and in the pres-
ence of these martyred heroes repeat this slan-
der if you dare. I had many dear friends who
went forth to the conflict in all the glory and
pride of their manhood, never more to return
to their homes, their friends, and their little
ones. They sleep now the sleep that knows
no waking.
"The trumpet may sound and the loud cannon rattle,
They hear not, they heed not, they are free from
all pain;
They sleep their last sleep, they have fought their
last battle,
No sound can awake them to glory again."
If any man, in view of these indisputable
facts, shall hereafter in my presence repeat
these stale and putrid slanders against the
men who in X8G0 rallied to the Union under
the lead of Stephen A. Douglas, and in 1864
under George B. McClellan, I will not de-
nounce him as a liar and a slanderer. I would
not violate here any of the rules or proprieties
of the House, and indeed would not raise such
a defamer to the dignity of a personal alterca-
tion with a gentleman. I would pass him by
with the same loathing with which I would pass
a putrid carcass on the highway, and would
leave him to the contempt and detestation of
mankind.
Imported Wool.
REMARKS OF HON. W. LAWRENCE,
of ohio,
Ik the House of Eepbesentatives,
July 23, I860,
On the bill to provide increased revenue from im-
ported wool, and for other purposes.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker,
the tariff bill which recently passed this House
but failed as yet to pass the Senate, provided
that " on woolen rags, shoddy, mungo, waste,
and flocks, the duty shall be twelve cents per
pound." That bill was by no means perfect,
but I do not propose to discuss its merits or
its imperfections now.
While I would reduce the duty on many of
the five thousand articles or more covered by
it, yet in one other particular at least 1 would
increase the duty1; I refer to the duty on the
importation of foreign "woolen rags, shoddy,
mungo, waste, and flocks." The bill intro-
duced by my colleague, [Mr. BixghamJ and
now before the House, makes no change in the
existing tariff laws, except in relation to wool
in its various forms.
I will not now discuss the policy of protec-
tion further than to say, that when a new and
struggling branch of industry is essential to
our national independence in war and in peace,
and is adapted to our capacities and condition,
it may not bo wise to permit its destruction by
foreign competition.
The subject of the duty on foreign wool has
received much consideration by the States and
the people. The General Assembly of Ohio
on the 9th of March, 1866, expressed the sense
of the people of that State in these words:
Joint resolution relative to increasing the duty on
imported wools.
"Whereas sound policy dictates that every independ-
ent Government should develop to the fullest extent
all its industrial resources, and not be dependent
upon any other Government, whether foreign or ad-
jacent, for any industrial productions; and whereas
under many foreign Governments populations have
become so dense as to rcduee the price of labor to a
minimum standard, and therefore are enabled to
compete successfully in the United States market on
almost all descriptions of manufactured articles, and *
especially clothing; and whereas Ameriean manu-
factures of clothing materials are never offered in
Ameriean markets for a sum or at a rate less than
the invoice price of foreign manufactures of the same
quality and the custom dues or duty added; and
whereas wool-growing is an industrial pursuit re-
quiring a large capital, great experience, skill, and
care, and, as the Statutes-at-Largo now stand, tho
Ameriean wool-growers are compelled to compete
with countries where lands are of a nominal value
only, and the price of labor at a reduced minimum:
Therefore,
Resolved by the General Assembly of the State of Ohio,
That our Senators in the United States Congress are
respectfully instructed, and our Representatives re-
quested, to secure the passage of such a law as shall
secure to the American wool-grower the same pro-
tection against foreign competition that is now in-
sured to tho manufacturer of either pure or mixed
woolen goods.
The Ohio Wool-Growers'Association on the
lGth of January last adopted these resolves:
"Resolved, Thatweapprove thepolicyof terminat-
ing the action of the reciprocity treaty between the
United States and the Oanadas.
"llaolocd, That wool-growers' interests are enti-
tled to adegree of legislativeprotection equal to that
accorded to manufacturing interests.
"Itesolved, That the interests of the country require
an extension of the culture of worsted wools."
I do not propose to discuss the subject of
duties on wool, for that has been done by the
gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Grinnell, March
G,] and by my colleagues, [Mr. Eckley, June
9, and Mr. Delano, August 10.]
There is one topic connected with the inter-
ests of the whole country and not the wool-
growers merely, which has not been discussed,
and to that I will address a few words. I main-
tain that the duty on the importation of foreign
"woolen rags, shoddy, mungo, waste, and
flocks'' is not sufficiently high. By the exist-
ing law the duty is only three cents per pound.
1 find these terms are not very generally under-
*stood; and I may, therefore, attempt to pre-
sent some definitions of them.
On the 13th of December last, Mr. John L.
Hayes, of Massachusetts, in the convention of
wool-growers and manufacturers at Syracuse,
said:
"In considering this matter, the producer of wool
should not overlook the competition with clothing
ormerino wool of a material which was not known
in manufactures until the present century. X refer
to shoddy, or rather that variety ofsboddy known in
England by the name of mungo. The term 'shoddy,'
strictly speaking, is the name applied to fiber made
from soft rags, from flannels and blankets which were
first used in manufacture of cloth. The use of this
material originated at Batley, in England, in 1813.
Mungo is the liber obtained from hard rags of fine
broadcloth, such as clippings from the tailors' shops.
This was not introduced until later, and the manu-
facturers of Batley were quite incredulous of its be-
ing utilized. The Yorkshire man who first conceived
the idea of using the liber of hard rags, obstinately re-
plied to tho objection that tho material could not be
introduced,' It mun go,' (it must go.) It did go, and
a new substance was introduced into the arts and a
new word into the English language. Of shoddy and
mungo sixty-five million pounds are consumed in
Kngland, more than our whole clip ot wool m I860.
It is estimated that twenty-live thousand persons are
employed in converting shoddy into cloth, and that
the value ot the product is five or six million pounds
sterling. The fact, however, to which I wish to call
attention is, that shoddy comes in competition with
line or eloth-wool only. It is not used in the manu-
facture of worsted, and does not take the placc ot
combing wools."
" Flocks" are of two kinds, one being the
shearings produced in manufacturing new cloth,
while the other is the product of old rags and
cloth ground up. Both varieties of flocks are
mixed in or felted on cloth to give it weight
and fill up, but neither of the varieties can be
woven, while shoddy can be, and is woven into
goods either mixed or unmixed with wool.
Waste is simply the flyings produced from
the machinery in the manufacture of cloth.
