2730,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
people, as if to punish them for desiring to
enjoy these luxuries, you propose to put on
them also.
I have no desire to occupy the time of the
House. I only desire to say that by taxing
the people on all sides, and then taxing the
man who has an income, you are putting on
too heavy a burden for the country to bear.
I have no interest in this matter, except to
call the attention of the House to it.
Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio. I withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. I renew the amendment,
pro forma, for the purpose of saying this:
that after we have proposed a tax of two
dollars per gallon on whisky, such as is con-
sumed by the laboring men, the men who get
out the coal and make the iron, and then come
to an article that is consumed only by gentle-
men who can afford to pay a tax, I think our
law would not look very well if we should make
such a luxury free. I move that the committee
rise for the purpose of terminating debate on
this paragraph.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union had had under consideration the
Union generally, and particularly the special
order, being bill of the House No. 513, to
amend an act entitled "An act to provide
internal revenue to support the Grovernment,
to pay interest on the public debt, and for
other purposes," approved June 30, 1864, and
acts amendatory thereof, and had to come to
no resolution thereon.
close op debate.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that when the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union shall resume the consideration of House
bill No. 513, all debate upon the pending par-
agraph and the amendments thereto terminate
in three minutes.
Mr. BIDWELL. I suggest to the gentle-
man that he make it ten minutes.
Mr. MORRILL. To accommodate the
gentleman from California I will modify my
motion, and say eight minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
tax bill again.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Dawes in the chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of the special order, being a bill of the
House (No. 513) to amend an act entitled
"An act to provide internal revenue to sup-
port the Government, to pay interest on the
public debt, and for other purposes," approved
June 30, 1861, and acts amendatory thereof.
Mr. MORRILL. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. BIDWELL. I renew it. I feel per-
suaded that if the true condition of the wine-
producing interest of California could be under-
stood by this House no tax would be imposed
upon it, unless it was done with the purpose
of crushing that interest. After wine is made
in California you then have to transport it
seventeen thousand mites around Cape Horn
in order to fmd a market. You have to pass
twice_ through the tropics, during which time
the wine is liable to spoil on your hands. You
have to pay interest and insurance upon the
risks of the ocean, all of which accumulates
immensely the expense.
I have already said that even the smallest
tax would be a burden. It takes fourteen
pounds'of grapes to make a gallon of wine.
Those grapes at the vineyard where they are
raised arc worth perhaps a cent a pound. When
you have expressed the juice it is worth from
twenty to thirty cents agallon, including all the
cost of labor.
But that is not the cost of the wine. The
labor upon it, the cask in which you have to
put it, the cost of transporting it to San Fran-
cisco, a distance of four or five or six hundred
miles oftentimes in California, in many eases
where there are no railroads; all these things
enhance the cost. And taking everything into
consideration, lab'or, transportation, &c., you
cannot produce wine in California for less than
from ninety cents to $1 25 a gallon. Now. if
Congress wishes to crush this interest then im-
pose this tax. Five cents a gallon, as low as
it appears, is one third of the value, after de-
ducting the cost of labor, &c. I think that we
ought rather to encourage this interest in order
to do away with strong drinks and substitute
for them a beverage pure, healthful, and invig-
orating. I am not a wine drinker myself, nor
am I an advocate for wine drinking. But if you
will foster this interest upon the Pacific coast
in a short time we will be able to produce all
the raisins and all the wine and all the brandy
that will be required in the United States or
upon the American continent. But put your
tax upon it at this time and you will crush it
in its infancy just as it is struggling into exist-
ence.
I hope that the amendment of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] will
prevail, and that this paragraph will be stricken
out. The entire amount of tax upon wine
collected in the United States during the past
year, I understand, was but a little over thirty-
four thousand dollars. Now, is it worth while
to crush out an interest that may become one
of the first interests of this country for such a
small sum as that? I really think not; and I
hope, therefore, this paragraph will be stricken
out.
Mr. PRICE. We started out upon the sup-
position that we are to tax luxuries in this bill.
I suppose no one will object to that proposi-
tion. It is admitted on all sides that our taxes
ought to be levied mainly upon the luxuries of
the country. If wine is not a luxury, then we
do not want to tax it. But if, as has been
supposed heretofore in the history of this
country, wine is among the luxuries of the
country, then we want to tax it.
Now, if I had not thought it would have
been a work of supererogation, I would have
moved to increase this tax to twenty-five cents
a gallon. You have imposed a tax of two dol-
lars a gallon on whisky; yet wine will make
a person as drunk as whisky will, though it
may require a little more of it perhaps. But
I am told by those who have tried it that being
drunk on wine is the meanest kind of drunk-
enness. I speak from information only, for I
have never had any experience in that matter.
But the most singular argument used upon
this floor to-day is the argument of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] calling
the attention of the House to the morality of
France, which he says is to be directly traced
to their habit of wine drinking, and my friend
from California [Mr. Bidwell] indorsed the
proposition. Now, in all my reading and ex-
perience, this is the first time in my life that I
have ever heard France held up as an especial
example of morality. Now, I am willing to
make a compromise with those gentlemen. If
they can show that France is a more moral
country than this because they drink more
wine and less water there, then I will be willing
to" strike this out; provided they will agree that
if the morality of France is not equal to the
morality of this country they will agree to put
a tax of twenty-five cents a gallon on wine.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman allow
me a moment?
Mr. PRICE. I cannot yield now out of three
minutes, of course. ButI will meet the gentle-
man any evening and talk over the matter with
him for an hour.
Mr. THAYER. Overabottle. [Laughter.]
Mr. PRICE. A bottle of water. Now what
does this bill propose to do? You propose to
put a tax of two dollars a gallon on whisky,
the beverage the poor man exercises the privi-
lege of getting drunk on, and only five cents a
gallon on wine, the beverage the rich man
exercises his privilege of getting drunk on. I
would like to know how much tax on a drink
of wine that is. I know of no system of arith-
metic by which you could tell what it woulH
amount to.
Now, I think wine can bear a tax of twenty-
five cents a gallon, or even fifty cents a gallon,
just as well as whisky can bear a tax of two
dollars a gallon. And I am not certain but it
can bear a tax of two dollars a gallon as well
as whisky can.
The question was upon the amendment of
Mr. Clarku, of Ohio, to the amendment of
Mr. Lawrence, of Ohio, to strike out "ten"
and insert "three," making the tax upon wine
three cents a gallon.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to. -
The question recurred upon tKe amendment
of Mr. Lawrence, of Ohio, to strike out "five"
and insert "ten," so as to make the tax upon
wine ten cents a gallon.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The question was upon the motion of Mr.
Stevens to strike out the paragraph as amended.
Mr. MORRILL. I will ask the Clerk to read
the paragraph as amended, so that members
may understand it.
■ The Clerk again read the paragraph as
amended, as follows:
On winemade of grapes further advanced than juice
or must, a tax of five cents per gallon: Provided,
That grapejuiee or must when sold immediately from
the vineyard to vintners shall not be taxed.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask for tellers on my
motion to strike out this paragraph.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Price and
Kelley were appointed.
The committee divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 40, noes 54.
So the motion to strike out the paragraph
was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On all otherwinesorliquorsknownordenominated
as wine, not made from currants, rhubarb, or berries,
produced by being rectified or mixed with other
spirits,or into which any matter whatever maybe
infused to be sold as wine, or by any other name, and
not otherwise provided for in this act, a tax of fifty
cents per gallon: Provided, That the return, assess-
ment, collection, and the time of collection of tho
duties on such wines, and wine made of grapes, shall
be subject to the regulations of the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. And any person who shall will-
ingly and knowingly sell or otfer^ ior sale any such
wine made after the passage of this act, upon which
the tax herein imposed has not been paid, or which
has been fraudulently evaded, shall, upon conviction
thereof, be subject to a penalty of $100 or to impris-
onment not exceeding two years, at the discretion of
the court.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend this par-
agraph by striking out the words " other wines
or" in the first line, and inserting the word
"grapes" before the word " currants" in the
next line.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend the par-
agraph near the close by striking out the word
"penalty" and inserting the word "fine."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I move to
amend this paragraph by making the tax one
dollar a gallon instead of fifty cents a gallon,
as it now reads. And I desire to say a few
words upon that amendment.
It will be seen that this paragraph proposes
to levy a tax upon "liquors known or denom-
inated as wines" which are not manufactured
from grapes, currants, rhubarb, or berries. 11
is, in other words, a tax upon that description
of liquors denominated wines which are mere
compounds, mere villainous compounds, gen-
erally a fraud upon the public, and a fraud
upon all who drink them. We ought not to
encourage the production of that land of
liquor. I hope, at least, that this paragraph
will be so amended as to levy a tax of one
dollar a gallon instead of a tax of fifty cents
a gallon.
Now, it seems to me that the only objection
that can be urged to this amendment is that it
may be exceedingly difficult to collect so heavy
