3690
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
I submit the point whether the Committee of
the Whole has power to grant consent for the
printing of a speech; whether such consent
fllust not be granted <by the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that, according to the every-day practice, such
consent can be granted by the Committee of
the Wh<jl§. ' _
. [Mr. Marshall's remarks will be found in
the Appendix.]
Mr. RICE, .of Massachusetts. I move to
amend by adding^to the section last read the
following:
And provided further, That all goods, wares, and
merchandise in bonded warehouses, or on ship-board
and hound to the United States, from any foreign
port, when this act shall take cffcct, shall bo subject
to the conditions and rates of duty which were appli-
cable to said goods, wares, and merchandise at the
time of the passage of this act.
I presume,. Mr. Chairman, it is not the pur-
pose of this House to pass any act which shall
take improper advantage of the merchants
of the country. But, if I am correct in my
reading t>f this t>,ill. it will, unless we adopt
such a provision as 1 now propose, take im-
mediate effect, and will operate not only upon
goods that may be hereafter oi-dered but upon
those now on ship-board and in bonded ware-
houses. Now, sir, it seems to me of the high-
est importance that our legislation should be
such as to maintain the confidence of the peo-
ple in the fairness and integrity of the Govern-
ment in its dealings with them." The merchants
of the country—those who have goods at pres-
ent in bonded warehouses or on ship-board—
have imported or ordered those goods with the
understanding and belief that the Government
would allow them the advantage of existing
laws. No man of integrity, dealing with An-
other man,in a mercantile transaction, would,
simply because he had the power, changethe'
terms of an existing contract to the profit of
himself and the injury of the person with whom
he might be dealing. This principle which reg-
ulates the transaction of individuals should not,
-it seems to me, be disregarded by the Govern-
' taent.
I believe, sir, that the provision embraced
in the amendment which I have offered cor-
responds with the uniform practice of the Gov-
ernment except during a time of war. During
a time of war we are not bound to pursue the
ordinary course of legislation, because we are
subject to that necessity which knows no law.
But now, in a time of peace, when trade and
commerce are seeking revival upon an equi-
table and fair basis, it seems to me of the utmost
consequence that the Government shall adopt
such measures as shall inspire all classes of the
people with a confidence that they shall not be
made to suffer the consequences of any change
in thelawuutil reasonable notice of such change
has been given. [Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
the following as a substitute for the pending
amendment:
That all goods, wares, and merchandise in the
hands of importers at the time of the passage of this
act shall pay the additional duties levied by this act.
I ask whether my friend from Massachusetts
will not accept that as a modification of his
own proposition.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. No, sir. I
would like to know how the gentleman pro-
poses to collect these duties.
Mr. WASHBURN©; of Illinois. I will un-
dertake to say the duties will be collected ifwe
pass a law to that effect. I do not see what
reason the gentleman from Massachusetts or
any other gentleman can urge against this
reasonable proposition. By the imposition of
these duties we add so much to the value of
these goods, and the question is whether the
vast sums which will have to be paid by the
consumers shall go into the pockets of the im-
porters or into the Treasury of the Govern-
ment? It is the principle of faxing stock on
hand wjiich has met with favor sometimes in
this House, and at other times has not met with
fayor._ I hope a proposition so just and fair as
this will be adopted. If these duties are to be
levied and "collected let the increase on the
goods already imported go into the Treasury,
and not into the pockets of the importers. Let
not these vast, untold fortunes go to the im-
porters when we know they will have to be paid
by the consumers. If they go anywhere they
ought to go into the Treasury. I hope the
amendment will be adopted.
Mr. DODGE. The amendnfent of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts is in accordance
with the uniform practice of the Government
ever since we began to have tariffs, except
during war. It is certainly just. Orders sent
to the East Indies and China, requiring long
voyages, under the late tariff would, when the
goods arrived in port, be subjected to an in-
crease of duty of from twenty-five to fifty per
cent, beyond what it was when the contract
was made.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 51, noes 42.
Mr. THAYER demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Washburne
of Illinois, and Mr. Dodge, were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 57, noes 43.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out the
words "and of." Mr. Chairman, this ques-
tion is one of no little difficulty. It has been
daeided by Congress in various ways, some-
times one way and sometimes another. The
proposition made by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts to exempt-goods on ship-board would
manifestly be improper, for if the goods come
here they will of course enjoy the opportu-
nity of obtaining a higher price in consequence
of the increase of the tariff. To exempt them
from existing rates of duty, therefore, would
actually be a bonus given to the importer. But
when you come to goods in bond it is a dif-
ferent thing. Take the port of New York. It
is impossible to get goods.through the custom-
house in much less than a month, and rarely
even as fast as they are demanded, on account
of the insufficient force. Under the circum-
stances, therefore, where the importers are ready
to pay the duties and cannot get their goods out
of bond, it seems to me to be harsh treatment
not only to keep their goods against their will
for a longer period, but make them pay higher
rates in consequence'. The position of "the gen-
tleman from Illinois, I regret to say, with his
experience, is one which he ought not to have
occupied. His amendment is not in proper
form. How does it read?
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I rise to
a point of order. The amendment of the gen-
tleman from Illinois has been adopted and is
not now under discussion.
Mr. MORRILL. But the amendment to
which it is an amendment has not been adopted.
The amendment of the gentleman from Illinois
imposes the duty on these goods no matter
whether in the custom-house or in the hands
of the importer. Itgoes even beyond that, for
if it be adopted, it is to take effect before the
law itself. The law does not take effect accord-
ing to the amendment we have just adopted
until the 1st of August next, while this amend-
ment provides that it shall take effect on all
goods in the hands of importers from and after
the passage of the act. I desire the House thor-
oughly to understand this question before it
comes to a vote. I do think there is a differ-
ence between goods in the custom-house which
the importer cannot reach, if he wishes, and
those on shipboard -not yet arrived. But if the
amendment is to be adopted I prefer it should
be put in the proper form. I withdraw the
amendment.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend the substi-
tute offered by the gentleman from Illinois
by inserting the word "not'' after the word
"shall;" so that it will read "shall not pay
the additional duties levied by this act." I am
confident this committee could not have under-
stood the effect of their vote upon the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Washburxe.] The hostility of that gen-
tleman to this bill is well understood, and I
certainly do not think I "misapprehend him
in supposing this was offered by him simply
as a satire upon the whole scheme and object
of the bill. The amendment which' he has
offered is one plainly and palpably unconsti-
tutional, and entirely incapable of' enforce-
ment. It applies to goods in the hands-of the
importer, thosegoods which the importer has
brought into this country, and paid the tariff
upon, which he has in his own possession and
control clear of all Government claims. The
amendment of the gerftleman from Illinois pro-
poses to put the hand of the Government-upon
those goods and say, "You shall pay us some-
thing more for these."
Now, it is just as idle to seek to take the
money from these importers by such a provis-
ion as this as to enact that the gentleman from
Jllinois shall pay to the Government certain
moneys from his own pocket. It is not a tax
in any sense; it is simply an attempt by mere
force, without any authority or process, not in
the nature of a tax, to get something out of
the hands of certain classes of individuals. It
is impossible, I think, that the committee in
"voting for the proposition could have appreci-
ated its force. It has not the first element of
a constitutional provision in regard to taxa-
tion, and I trust the House will not so stultify
itself as to adopt such an amendment to this bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I willmod-
ify my amendment by changing the language so
as to read " from the time this act shall take
effect."
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order to
modify it after the action of the committee
upon it. The gentleman .can attain his object
by a subsequent amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will say
one word in reply to the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Hale.] I take it this committee
is fully advised in regard to the principle as
well as in regard to the effect of my amend-
ment, and so far as I may be for or against
this bill it has very little to do with the prin-
ciple which is involve^, in my substitute for
the amendment of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Rice.] The only question -is,
whether we are to legislate to put millions of
dollars into the hands of these importers after
the people have paid their duties, or whether
the money shall go into the Treasury of the
United States. Does the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Hale] deny that these importers
will raise the prices upon their goods precisely
according to the amount that is levied? Now,
shall that go-into their pockets or into the
Treasury? That is the question we have to
decide, and I trust this committee will fully
understand it and will hold to the principle
contained in my amendment. I do not believe
that we are prepared to legislate these untold
millions into the pockets of the importers. I
am told that there is one house in the city of
New York that will realize, if we adopt this
bill without such a provision as this, a profit
of $1,000,000 by adding the amount of the
duties to the prices of their goods.
Now, sir, I think this question can be very
fully and fairly determined. I know when the
question of taxing stock on hand has been fully
discussed and understood by the representa-
tives of the people they have always uphold
and sustained the principle, and the gentle-
man from New York will bear witness to the
fact, until the distillers of whisky came down
here and exerted their influence. I trust we
will now adopt this principle and incorporate
I it into our law, so that we may not go before
j the people as being charged with legislating
for these great interests and against the inter-
ests of the consumers. That is the question
the committee has got to decide, and I have
no idea that they can be misled. I believe
they appreciate and understand it, and that
when they come to vote—if this amendment
is carried into the House—they will place their
votes upon the record in favor of the consum-
ers and against legislating in favor of import-
ers and monopolists.
[Here the hammer tell.]
