1770
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
It appears from the testimony of Mr. Dodge
that ho did not know himself who the money
•was for v,lien he paid it, but that he suspected
it was for Mr. Barr, and that lie afterwards
heard that it was for Mr. Barr.
Mr. UPSON". "When was that money paid?
Was it not two or three weeks after the elec-
tion ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The money was paid
by Mr. Dodge after the election; but it was
paid to Mr. Barr before the election.
Mr. UPSON. Not by Mr. Dodge.
Mr. FARNS\VORTIL It was paid by the
agents of Mr. Dodge, and Mr. Dodge reim-
bursed them after the election precisely the
Si!,000 which they paid to Barr before the elec-
tion. If 1 am incorrect in this I shall be very
glad to know it, but that is the way I read the
proof.
-Jr. DAWES. That was after the election
was all over. Mr. Dodge states in his testi-
mony what his suspicion was. that is all. lie
had no knowledge of .'.urthiug befoie the elec-
tion. I hope my friend will state the matter
fairlv
Mi
what
these
FARMS WORTH. That is precisely,
have read from the depositions of both
entlemen.
. Mr. DAWES. Then 1 think you are a little
inexcusable for making the statement you have
made.
Mr. FARNSWORTTT. The statement I
made was that the agents and friends of Mr.
Dodge paid $:i,000 to Mr. Barr before the
election.
Mr. DAWES. What makes you think they
were Mr. Dodge's agents?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. BccauseMr. Dodge
paid back the money after the election; that
is pretty good proof that they were his agents.
Those gentlemen whopaidMr. Barr this money
were not Barr men, they were Dodge men, and
they certainly were not running Mr. Barr to
defeat Mr. Dodge. They were running him to
take away a part of Mr. Brooks's vote. I
only mention this fact to show that, the testi-
mony proves that, while Brooks was not using
money to cany the election. Dodge was using
money. This may be all well enough in New
York, but. it would not do out in our rural dis-
tricts in Illinois where the candidates are poor
and have not the money to pay.
Mr. GRINNELL. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman if lie has not learned-, in his political
experience, in close districts where Democrats
run, that they can always conceal their money
operations, while our friends are entirely open
and above-bnai-d. [Laughter.] I desire to slate
that when I have run for Congress I have found
men outside of my State called upon to con-
tribute money, and •' Democratic" money; and
money has been contributed outside of my State,
in Chicago and elsewhere, to beat me. They
tried to conceal it, but when thieves fall out, the
truth comes to light.
Mr. FAltNSAVORTH. 1 have no doubt that
the gentleman from Iowa, being largely in the
wool business, has himself occasionally been
sheared. [Laughter.] It is not extraordinary,
as he fleeces so many, that he should himself
be fleeced.
Mr. GRINNELL. I did not make any com-
plaint of being fleeced. I always adopt an hon-
est policy, and generally carry my point. 1
am soiry to hear the gentleman talking against
our friends, and in favor of the honesty of the
Demociats in carrying on elections. Now, 1
lived for four years in the city of New York,
and in this very district of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Brooks,] and I have some
little knowledge of what goes on there at elec-
tion times.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Was it the practice
when the gentleman lived in that district to
make bargains of this sort on Sundays?
Mr. GRINNELL. I never heard of bargains
being made on Sundays; I have heard some
good praying on Sundays in behalf of our can-
didates.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It, seems that this
bargain made with Mr. Barr was made on Sun-
day ; I have forgotten whether it was made in
church or in a Sunday-school or in a private
house.
Mr. GRINNELL. If the gentleman means
to imply that the contestant in this case, or
those who supported him, ever made any bar-
gain on Sunday, all I have to say is that I do
not so understand it. This contestant is as far
above suspicion as the stars in the heavens are
above the earth.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The contestant was
not present; he was away, no doubt attending
church ; very likely he was. But his friends,
who were not so pious, were making bargains
in his behalf, and paying $2,000 over to an-
other man ; and Dodge paid this money back
to them afterward.
Mr. GRINNELL. Let me ask the gentle-
man, if he lived in a close district, would he not
consider it a most fortunate circumstance in
his behalf if he could induce half a dozen op-
ponents to run instead of one. 1 know I would
have no objection to it.
A Member. By buying them?
Mr. GRINNELL. A Democrat can be
bought any time for $2,000 in my country.
[Laughter.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The first charge is
with reference to the fifteenth district of the
eighteenth ward. Now, sir, with reference to
the registers of that district, it was said that
they were lion-residents of that election pre-
cinct. Now, there is no charge whatever of
that kind in the notice given by the contestant
to the sitting member ; not a word. The charge
of the contestant, in his notice to the sitting
member, was that the district was illegally cre-
ated. But not a word is said that the registers
appointed for that district were illegally ap-
pointed. It does appear, from the testimony,
that the three registers appointed for that dis-
trict were not residents of that particular elec-
tion precinct. And from reading the election
law of the State of New York, it appears to me
that it is required that they should reside in the
district for winch they were appointed. I do
not agree with the conclusion of the minority
of the committee, that the law docs not require
that they should live in the election district,
but only in the assembly district.
I disagree, also, with the reasoning of the
majority of the committee upon that subject.
That reasoning is, that it is neccssary that the
registers should live in the election district,
because they are more likely to be acquainted
with the voters and the circumstances of the
district. These districts are arbitrarily cre-
ated. Lines are made, certain streets and cer-
tain numbers are included within an election
district. Now, a man appointed register, al-
though he may live within the district, may
live upon the outskirts, and may not necessa-
rily know more about that district than he does
of any other part of the ward.
Then, again, there may be, and probably are,
districts in the city of New York, where fit and
"proper men cannot be found within the elec-
tion district to act as registers. I judge that, is
so from a fact to which I desire to call the
attention of the House, that since this election
the Legislature of New lork have amended
their election law, and have provided that
registers of election shall be residents of the
assembly district, but they need not be resi-
dents of the election district.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I wish to inquire of the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Fakxsivorth] if
he thinks it was true in this case, that fit men
could not be found in the district, and there-
fore they went out of the district to get these
remarkably fit men?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Perhaps so; though
I do not think it appears from the testimony
in this case that these men were remarkably
fit or unfit men. It appears from the testi-
mony that all three of the registers were not
present all the time. And I put it to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania himself [Mr. Soo-
field] to say whether it is not rare to find a
case where the whole board of registers assem-
ble and remain together during the entire sit-
ting of the board. Is notthe registration done
by one and another and another of the board?
Is there any law in the State of New York
which requires that each elector shall appear
personally before the board of registry? I do
not so understand it. If it is so, I should like
to be informed of the fact.
Mr. SCOFIELD. He may appear by proper
evidence, or his name -may be taken from the
old register by the board. But in either cas'e
there is judicial action by the board upon regis-
tering the name.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The law requires
that a transcript shall be made of the names
upon the poll-book of the last election; that
all those names shall be transcribed bodily
upon the new register.
Mr. DAVIS. That is the law.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. They appear as voters
upon the last poll-books ; and the presumption
is that every man who voted at the last elec-
tion was a legal voter. And the law requires
that their names shall be transferred bodily to
the new register.
Others are added lo make up the registry, as
they are reported to the registers; but no law
requires that every qualified voter in the dis-
trict,shall present himself personally before the
board in order to be registered. In no State,
so far as I know, does the registry law require
that. Why, sir, I never went before a register
to be registered. I doubt whether any mem-
ber upon this floor ever presented himself per-
sonally to the board of registers of his town
or his precinct or his ward to be registered.
Those who are "well-known voters, those who
arc vouched for as voters by persons well
known, those, in fine, who present any sufficient
prima f ucie evidence that they are voters within
the district, are registered by the register. If
the registers are guilty of a fraud, they may be
punished. But the fact that they may have put
down the name of a man who is not a legal
voter does not, in my opinion, vitiate the elec-
tion. The fact that the registers are not all
present during the entire session of the board
of registry does not vitiate the election. The
fact that the clerk of the board is not sworn
does not vitiate the election. I understand
that the law of New York only provides for the
appointment of a clerk when in the opinion of
the board of registers one is needed.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I desire to inform the
gentleman that nobody has alleged, and nobody,
I suppose, will allege, that anything of that
kind vitiates the election. But the gentleman
will permit me to ask him whether, in his
opinion, none of those facts, nor all of them
combined, vitiate the registry; because the
committee allege that such facts do vitiate the
registry. The election is one thing and the
registry is quite another.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, the
registers, as I understand, sit as a judicial
board to decide %vlio are and who arc not voters
and qualified to be registered. They adjudicate
upon that question. Now, sir, answering the
gentleman's inquiry in brief, I say that the facts
I have enumerated do not, all combined, vitiate
the election.
Mr. SCOFIELD. That is just what I have
said, and just what the committee maintain—•
that those facts do not vitiate the election, that
they have no effect upon the election. But, the
committee hold that such facts do vitiate the
registry so as to destroy its legal effect as evi-
dence that certain men are voters. The elec-
tion may be legally held, and every man who
is a legal voter, and has the proper evidence
of the fact, may vote, notwithstanding the
registry may bo vitiated.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Now, Mr. Speaker,
let us examine that point. Tho facts which I
have enumerated are that these registers did
not reside in the election district, that possibly
the clerk who acted was not sworn, and that
possibly some men who were registered were
not properly qualified to be registered. I say,
then,, in reply to the gentleman's question,
that in my opinion all these facts put together
do not even vitiate tho registry. I think that
