?06
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
political power shall be in exact proportion to
your action in the right direction'/" We say it
not to one people alone, but to all. It cannot
be pretended that thig is applied to one State
and not to another State. V\hat ivoald be the
natural consequence? 1 have faith in the good
sense of men. Those who were slaves are now
free. It is naturally a sore subject to those who
once owned them. In time that soreness and
rawness will be healed and worn away, and men
will begin to look abont them and ask them-
selves, " Is it an object for us now to keep so
large a portion of our population ignorant, stu-
pid, unfit to vote, and at the same time take out
of our own hands and deprive ourselves of tlie
power they would give us m the Union of the
United States"? Shall wo not rather make of
this population a useful population ! Shall we
not rather educate it? Shall we not- rather in-
crease our own political power, raise ouisolves
to a level with tho«e States nliich have the
same population with ourselves?'' 1s it not
natural to suppose that that would bo the ordi-
nary lesult, not immediately, but in the course
of time? If it-would be, the resolution has
something to recommend it; it commends itself
to me, not being all 1 would ask for, but much
that could be gained, and if [ can get, no more
I am most happy to take that., unless, indeed,
it is attended with the effects suggested by the
Senator from Massachusetts. If X believed his
view to lie correct I would vote against the
proposition.
Vv hat. are the two points that he makes ? be-
cause having considered tbo advantages of the
proposition, it remains to consider (lie objec-
tions. One of them is Ihe objection stated in
the petition which I have road this morning,
substantially that it takes an ay the power from
Congress to legislate upon the subject, which
power it has now.
Mr. SUMNEU. A present, renunciation of
the power.
Mr. PESSEXDKX. Very well. How is it, a
renuueiution of power? If that was his exact
language, 1 misapprehended it.
Mr, SUMNER. That, was my language.
Mr. EESSEN DEM. Very well, llowisitu
renunciation of the power? We may pass a bill
to-day, the Senator's bill, if lie chooses, on Ihe
back of it ami the strength of it. The power
exists in the Constitution, (he Senator argues,
to legislate oil the subject, lie says that under
the guarantee clause, and ihe clause which wives
to Congress the power to carry into olicet the
powers granted and existing in the Constitu-
tion, wo may legislate to-day and pass laws by
which the suffrage will bo given universally.
That, I understand is his idea. l>y present mg
this proposition to the Slates, do we renounce
thai power? Can we renounce that power;'
How? Will the Senator tell me ? In \\hut\\;i<,
can Congress renounce u power t'ud, is chen
them by (lie ('oust itution ? They mav omit to
exercise it; but there run In- no loiuinei.iiciii.
If it exists in the Ounsiiliilion it Mu\s there
until ehan«cd ; and not all the powers of all the
Congresses that have existed since tho Consti-
tution was adopted can take away one jot. or
one tittle of it. however much thev may neglect
their duty. It is saying what'' li is speaking
the truth. Pass your law basing reprcsenla-
tion upon voters alone, ami tin; power is there,
if it exists at all, to do as any Stale pleases
with regard to this (juestion of representation.
It may make the voters few or many. This
resolution simply says, you have the power per-
haps, but if you have it, and if you exercise it
in the way that we fear you mav, or that it is
possible you may, these consequences follow, j
We put it in plain terms, leaving it to cach State
to do what it pleases. j
Sir, 1 would like bettei—indeed I drew a 1
resolution to that effect and should like to have
it passed—to append to this very resolution !
another resolution amending the "ConstHution 1
and giving power to Congress to legislate upon
the subject in full. The Senator would not
agree widi me, because he says that power ex- -
ists now. Let us examine that question for a j
moment. I do not know but that the power i
does exist; my inclinations are all that way.
T wish the power did exist, if it does not. But,
sir, how did our ancestors, the fathers who
made the Constitution, look upon this question
of guarantee? Everybody will see—the Sena-
tor has certainly often contended and will not
denv—that a constitution or a form of govern-
ment which recognizes slavery is not a repub-
lican form of government, according to his
definition, the American definition ; and yet in
the very instrument in which the fatheis pro-
vided that the United States should guaranty
to every State a republican form of government
they recognized the existence of slavery unmis-
takably, and provided for it in the \ cry clause
that we have been considering with reference
to i epresentation. Did they then consider that
tfto obligation to guaranty a republican form
of go\< rnmc-nt extended thus far, giving Con-
gress the right, to interfere in Virginiato exam-
ine her constitution'' 1 ask the question that
lie may answer it, because after all he will ad-
mit, as. a lawyer, as we all must, that in con-
struing a constitution and construing a statute
and construing any provision, we look at con-
temporaneous history in the first place, and wo
look more particularly when endeavoring to
find out what the sense of an instrument is, at
all its clauses, in order to got the meaning of
all. for one explains the other. It would seem
to me, (lion, that the Senator went a little too
far with his argument as to the guarantee clause.
What is understood by a guarantee? Inthebill
that he lias presented, and upon which I desire
to say a word by and by, lie speaks of a guai-
antce as we speak of it. at, eouunon law in tin
ordinary legal scum-of the teun. Is that all it
means in the Constitution?
I may guaranty to llie honorable Senator from
Mns.-;u husetts the possession of his house, and
I may propose to execute my guarantee, but, he
may say to me, " Sir, you need not, trouble
voioseli' about, that; I release you; 1 do not
wish to be put. in possession of my house." I
do not know of any right I have to say. " You
shall be put, in possession of your house, and I
will put you into it whether or no." 1 think
the common law acceptation of the term '•guar-
antee," or the exposition of it, would hardly
applv.
'• Guarantee, ' as used m the Constitution,
means something more. It means that everv
Stale shall have a republican form of govern-
ment. It, is a power granted for the benefit,
not, only of the pal'tirular State in question,
whichever it may be. but of all the Stales.
\\ hether yog call it, a compact or what not, it
io a provision to scenic by the power of the Uni-
ted States a republican f'oini of government, to
e\ ei \ St:tle that shall bo a member of I ho I'nion.
'Ilicic is no doubt.about (hat. I>ut does if go
hut In r, and sa> that the Cubed States shall
has o j vow or (o c\:>!iiuu' o\*<m y <lat uf <> pa- sod b\
o\ ery Siw hu-h has a re] uiblieau foi m ol <>ov-
ornmeuf lo bouin uiih. and -'eo whether it eon-
ib'-ms lo n. uiid ii does not, lo order its mar-
shal and its eourh lo interfere and sot it right,
and ii' (he court is rented, to Inni out the mili-
tary £nd raise, an ai my in order to guaranty to
every State a republican form of government,
and see that its laws are all in accordance with
it? Sir. it goes not beyond matters very sub-
stantial: it hardly goes into details like these.
If that is the meaning of the guarantee, and
that is the wav it is to bo carried out. 1 take it
the people of ihe I'mtedStates may have enough
o:i their hands. What ai my would answer the
purpose? What extent of power would be ne-
cessary if this Stale and that Stale. which per-
haps may have a prowsion that is in its nature
somewhat wanting in tepubliean c^ence, is to
bebronghtbv force ofihe United Slates through
all ils legislation and in all its legislation into
exact accordance with the ideas of the honor-
able Senator from Ma-^;aehus0tL\ or niv ideas, !
or anybody's ideas? I take it that the term
"guarantee ' as used in the Cou.-diiution did !
not intend to go quite as far a* this; at least 1
it so strikes me. 1 wish I could believe with i
the Senator on this point; but when he argues ;
that under this provision of the Constitution it I
is the duty of Congress to examine the legisla-
tion of all the States, and see that every man
votes who ought to vote, and nothing is wrong,
and that his idea, or our idea, for it is the cor-
rect idea, of a republican Government is carried
out in all its details, I think he goes considera-
bly further than thoSt; who made the Constitu-
tion ever intended to go. I think the President
has the idea that if any State should undertake
to establish a different form of Government, if
it should choose to have a monarchy, or the
controlling portion of the people should choose
to have an oligarchy, it then becomes the duty
of Congress to interfere; if there is anjr out-
rageous violation of the principles which lie at
the foundation of our Government, then it is
their duty to interfere; but I hardly think that
it goes so far as to give Congress the power to
legislate upon every subject upon which it might
think the States should happen to be wrong.
Mr. SCMXEii. The Senator could not have
been in his seat while I treated of that part of
the question, for he has not stated at all my
proposition. My proposition was identical with
that of the President. It was in case of a lapse
of a State government, and when it became tho
duty of Congress to interfere with refeience to
that government, it must see that it was repub-
lican in form. I expressly limited the appli-
cation of the argument to such ajjease, and the
Senator will bear in mind that the preamble of
the joint resolution introduced by me goes on
that theory. I have made no suggestion that
, under the guarantee clause we could revise the
j statutes of the States generally.
Mr. EESSEX JJE\\ Very well, sir, 'the
: gentleman says 1 misapprehended him.
Mr. Sl'MN K!\. 1 think the Senator was not
in his seat and could not have heard me.
Mr. KESSEXDEX. it wasnot my intention
to misrepresent the Senator.
Mr. SCMXEU. Of course not.
Mr. FESSEXDEN. Innderstoodhim, when
he argued that we were bound to guaranty to
every State a republican form of government,
and that Congress had power to make all laws
necessary arid proper to carry out the several
provisions of the Constitution, to hold, thai for
that reason Congress could legislate to see that
no State whatever passed laws oi attempted to
execute laws which depri\ed freemen of their
natural inalienable lights. If 1 misunderstood
him, 1 siand corrected. [ did not hear all the
Senator said, but I heard the greater part of it
and listened to it very attentively.
lhit lot us take it on his own showing. The
Senator says we may secure it in the States
which have lapsed. That is a new* phrase, but
perhaps it is as srood as any oilier. l!ow does
ho propose to do it. > ]>y passing an act of Con-
gress. Suppose we get them in. They have
iajwoil. but we a\oidtho laoso and take them
back again, wiih an act of Congress providing
ihat e\enbody shall have his- lights under the
Constitution. What is to prevent a repeal of
tho act of Congress after ilicy g(^ here; and if
it. be repealed what becomes oi the guarantee?
The Senator tells us that this proposition of his
is proposed—mind you. is proposed—as a sub-
stitute for the constitutional amendment which
is proposed by the committee. Now, what is
there in it? 15ut of that I shall speak by and
by. I have been led aside from the line of my
remarks, i was proceeding, in the first place,
to speak of the iirst objection, and that was,
thai we avoided the power already existing to
legislate on the subject and to do everything by
way of legislation. That I have spoken of. An-
othei was that we deliver over these ]>eople
bound hand and foot to their former masters.
Does this amendment do any such thing?
Are they not there now to the same extent?
Take the Constitution as it is, are they there,
or are they not ? The States may legislate and
exclude them if they please. "When we simply
provide one safeguard for them by inflicting a
penalty, a punishment if you please, in the loss
of poiitiealpower upon the abuse of that power
which the States now have, are we handing
these people over in a style worthy of such epi-
thets as were applied by the Senator to those
