1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
707
who are the authors and proposers of this res-
olution? Sir, 1 am at a loss to understand how
it accomplishes any such thing. The Senator
did "not explain. lie stated the proposition,
but he left it lo stand upon the force of his own
forcible and eloquent language alone.
A more serious objection, in my mind, is the
query whether it accomplishes in fact all that
we desire to accomplish, whether it may not lie
avoided, whether by some trick of legislation,
some form of speech which does not apply to
the language of the resolution, it may not be
left to operate in faet in the direction in which
we design it should not. while the letter of the
law is followed. That is my fear with regard to
it, and that is what I vis.li Senators to look at 5
and if those dcfectsdo exist, I hope, befoie the
resolution goes from our possession, cither to
the people or the other House, that all these
things will be provided for. i do not pretend
to point them out.
The honorable Senator from Massachusetts,
in his very eloquent and able and exhaustive
argument yesterday—one for which I am very
much obliged to him. for although he did not
approvein terms of this resolution, yet the prin-
ciples he advocated with so much force all went,
in my judgment, to show its necessity and to
give it strength, if rightly understood — pro-
posed something instead of the resolution. I
have alluded to it. It is a proposed act of Con-
gress ; and permit me to say a lew words as to
its force and effect, and let us see how far the
reined}' would be followed. If he will excuse
me, I cannot help alluding to the fact that it is
in one sense like a very small dipper with a
very long handle, for the preamble is very much
moi c diffuse than the proposed enactment itself.
His preamble is in these words :
Whereas it is piovided in tlicConstifution that the
United Si.ilc- shall };uaiant> to eveiy State 111 the
Union a 1 epuhliean Corn) of <?ovci nni'-nt; and whereas
hy reason of the iailure of certain States to maintain
governments -\\hi--h Como-e^s can recoAinze, it has.
become tlioduty oi theUuited State-, .-tandmj? in (lie
place ot <ruaiantoi\ -whore the inmeipal has made a
lapse, to -'ccuie to sii'h States aeiordiiu? to the re-
quirement oi the tnuuan lee, uo\ ei mnenN republican
in loi'in ; and whereas further, it is pro\ ;ded in a re-
cent constitutional amendment that Oon<*ie-s may
" enforce" the prohibitum ot slavery by *' appropri-
ate legislation," and il 1- important to thN end that
all rehes of .-lavcrv should be removed, iii'-hidnia all
distinction of ricrbt-. on account of color: now, therc-
i'oic, to «.tjrry out the ^uaiantee of a lepuhlium form
ot jrovenmient and to enforce the prohibition of sla-
very—
T looked to see what came next. I supposed
that after that preamble we -should have some
adequate machinery provided lor the enforce- 1
ment and the security of these riuht-; lhat we
slionld have the matter put to the cmuls. and
if tin1 eoints could not accoinph-h it, that we
should have the aid of the military power, thus
shocking the sensd/tbtie, of my h 0110/able friend
from Indiana [Mr. ] ] agam. 1 _do
not know what good it does to merely provuh*
by law lhat the piovisions of the Comimttion
shall be enforced, without saying how. in uhat.
manner, by what machinery, in what wav. to
what extent, or liuw it is to bo accomplished.
Let me ask the honoiable Senator thb (jiiuv
tion : here is a legislative declaration, suppose
the States say they will not do it, how can your
bill prevent their having their own way-> You
do not send them to the courts. How does it
read?
That in ell State latch' declared to be in rebel-
lion there shall be no <>) urni ehy. aristocracy, ca.-i e, or
monopolv invented with peculiar privileges and pow-
ei«. and tliue shall be no denial of lights, civil 01
pohficai, on Recount ot color 01 race.
Let u-: take the hi si clause. Does not the
Constitution say that now? Doe.-, (lie Cons'i-
tntion authoime oligarchies. aristocracies, mo-
nopolies? Xot at all. Are yon not as safe
under the Constitution us you are under an act
of Coimre-'-; ? Why reenact the ('om-titution
of the United State- and put it in a bill? \\ hat
do you accomplish by itv How is thai a rem-
edy? It is simplv as if it read in 1 hi> way:
whereas it is provided in the Constitution that
the l"n tied States shall guaranty to every Stale
in the Union a republican form of government,
therefore we declare that there shall be a re-
publican form of government, and nothing else.
That is all that there is of it in thai particular.
What it is to avail practically is more than 1
can tell. T presume the honorable Senator will
very easily explain if to me, but it reminds me— >
I say it with all respect—of a sort of poetical j
travestv of a law argument of an eminent law-
yer of his own State, running somewhat in this
way:
"bet my opponent" do their worst,
Still my tirst point is point the first:
Which fully proves my case, beeauso
All statute laws are statute laws."
The scquilur is obvious; the case is proved,
because inasmuch as the Constitution provides
that there shall be 110 aristocracy, no oligarchy,
no monopoly, therefore Congress has resolved
that there shall be not anything of the kind, but
provided no mode whatever in which or by
which to prevent it. Why not go further ! Jf
it is necessary to provide lhat there shall be no
oligarchy, no aristocracy, no monopoly in the
States once slave States, why not so piovide
for all the States? Wo have the same power
of legislation.
Mr. SUMXER. ;:AI1 the States" is the
language of (he proposition.
ilr. FESSEN DION. I hold the proposition
in my hand, and have read from it.
Mr. SUMNER. J beg the Senator's pardon.
Ft was altered when I sent it up to the desk.
The Senator will find it in the Globe as it was
offered.
Mr. FESSEXDEX. 1 took it from the
printed copy as laid on my table. • I will lead
it as it is in the Globe :
That there-hall be no oli^nrchv, aristocracy, en«tc,
or monopoly, invested with peculiar pn\ileires and
poweis, and there shall be no denial ol rtuhls, ciwi
or political, on account of color or race anwvheio
v,'it hin the limit-? of the United States, or the juris-
diction theieof.
A few moments ae-o, when 1 was arguing
against the power to leti'-dalo in this way 111
regard to civil and po'iueal riirhts. on the
ground of the guarantee, the Senator told me
that he contended for 110 such thing, that be
confined it to the Stales which were latch in
rebellion.
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator allow me
to interrupt him fheio? 1 should like to explain
to him why that is altered. Last F) May tin^ Sen-
ate solemnly declared that under the con.stitu-
iioiial amendment it bad power to decoe the
equal right s ofall persons ca en where throughout
the United Slates, without d'stinctidn of color.
The moment that that was d^elar- d, I said to
!i iemls a boot me on bo! 1: - ido o f i hi « Chamber
that that fixed lb - duly of Co;r,o 1 s t■ ii 1 e^ai d
also to pobi if at 1 iglil -. If Coii.;n -s tan 'let 1 ee
eqnalitv in < i \ il right s, a J or! in, /. in e.i u^e it
much mor^ important, ii van d-roc*otpiahh 111
political rights ; and as 1 hepreaml>le to m) pfop-
o-oion recited two iva-ams or nv>\i,ig en;i:-<>s
to 1 he re solution, one I he guara no'e clause, and
the o!In r the constiuitional amendment, f fe"k
11ml il ua- m v dut\. act in<2 upon t be \ ote of tbe
Senate. 10 in-M tliat tliis do-,hirafion of equal-
ity for all should be eocxiensh e v. i(h the Repub-
lic, claiming as 1 do under the gun ran me clause
thai it operates nece-.-arilyrv ri Irr.uini within
ail tho-c Stales where there has been a lapse of
govern-nent, and chumim: that unde" the recent
cou.-ir.uii"nal amendnn at 11 operales e\ery
whei'e v.iiliin the inniu of the Republic. 'J hat
i is the explanation.
Mr. FESSEN'DEX". I am obliged to the
! honorable gemleman ibrth" ex])lana!u n, bat f
confess my utKT stu]adnv; I <U  not undei^iand
il, uiih"-- he iiH aiis th: 1 i ill flu- iirs+ phu*e lie in-
tend(jd ^ lien le.* inri oduet d ln-> r-'Muuliou to
}u c> \ ide that tljere ,-hoald be no obnai eiiy. ifc..
in Mie Slater wlu< h had been in n !;ellion. < on-
fimiiQ.it 1 o 1 hem, ami leaving the otlnr State 1
to have oligarehv 01* aristocracy or anything
they liked, aad wo not iniorfonng. 7 his 1m
liasi'd on the guarantee elam-e. J suppose he
will not deny that lie knew ail about the efleet
of the recent constitutional amendment at the
♦ same time.
But with reference to the rest of the Slates,
lie does not rely on the guarantee clause, but he
relies on the power to enfoice the prohibition
agaimst slavery.
Mr. SUMNER. The power to carry out the
constitutional amendment.
Mr. FE ^SENDEX. And that constitutional
amendment abolishes slavciy, docs it not?
Air. SCMXER. Yes.
Mr. FESSEXDEX. Then there is a pro-
vision authorizing Congress to cany it into j
effect. So far as the slave Stafesnre concerned,
he relies for this provision on the guarantee
clause : and so far as the free States are con-
cerned where there is no slavery and has not
been, he rejies on the slavery clause.
Mr. S Li MINER. That is the Senator's state-
ment.
Mr. FESSEXDEX. The statement is per-
fectly plain. It was drawn originally, the hon-
orable Senator says, on the guarantee clause,
and confined to the slave States, and not ex-
tending e\cu to all the slave States, but confined
to the confederate States simply, under the
guarantee clause on the ground of lapse. I call
attention to that, and he says that now he has
extended it to all the States under the provis-
ion of the constitutional amendment abolishing
slavery, which gives Congress this power. The
guarantee clause is enough for the confederate
States, which have lapsed, and yon need the
clause in relation to the abolition of slavery to
prevent ii in the free States. That is the clause
, under which the Senalor says it is extended to
] tlu: free States. If that explanation is satis-
factory to the Senator it is perfectly satisfac-
tory to me.
Then the last clause of the Senator's resolu-
tion is, "And this statute, made 111 pursuance
! of the Constitution, shall be the supreme law
| of the land, anything in tin1 constitution or
I laws of am such Stale to 1 he contrary notwith-
: standing V Would not a constitutional statute
• be the supnuue law of tlm land without the
j add it ion of those words? J >y enacting a st a! ute
j and saying at the close ol it. ^L this statute en-
acted in pursuance oftk.e Constitution shallbc
I llie supreme law of the land," do tho-ie words
! make it so? Would the Supreme Court be
■"barred from examining into that question and
seeing whether the law thus passed was in pur-
suance' of any power granted by the Constitu-
tion ?
I have examined this scheme simply because
it is the remedy proposed by the honorable Sen-
ator. Contending that the proposition which
has been brought in here by the committee of
j1 fifteen, and approved by more than two thirds
[i ol the House of Uepresentatives, i,> merelytri-
i, fling villi our duties, an outia°e. an abandon-
s' ment of moral principle on the part of all who
| are concerned 111 it. the Senator proposes a rem-
j! c^lv. J have seen how tar the remedy went in
j! i ome particulars, and t now ask him whatpar-
0 tieular foice he applies or thinks due to this
la clause, which declares that this .statute shall
be the supreme Jaw of the land? Does this
(lause piovide the machinery by which it is to
be earned into execution? Does it provide
con ri < t o protect r^ghl s? 1 )oes it provide a mil-
1 bary force ? Does it ptwideanylliin#? Words
all, and words that may be repealed and struck
j! [Vom the statute-book to"-morrow, having no force
j, in themselves. So far as it does go it recnaets
!' the Constitution. So far as il declares at the
I ■ (do - o what the Constitution declares in the same *
I, voids substantially it is. of eour-e, unnece«-
|! ^o'v. Then it leaves it to float upon the waters
! and lake i.s chance of all the adverse currents
j1 which may strike it. •
i' I should not have examined this proposition
i thus minutely had it not been tor ihe vety vio-
| lent—I had almost, ^tid \ indent— ai lack' made
upon the } evolution of the con 1 mil toe. As ibe
Senator chosf t() male lint ;<;ta( k. it becomes,
of ( our.-,e. my duty t<> examni'1 hi • renudy to
i m e f he force ihore is in it. how far ii goes, what
! i; will do, v, hat right- it v.iii sec'iie, "what evils
j if will pre\ ent. Xone, sir. none. It is of no
j; more consequence lo put that law upon the stat-
j;uie-book with regard to human rights, any-
ii where or under any circumstances, than it is to
