1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3691
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the pending amendment.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. Chairman 
Mr. SCHENCK. Will the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Hale] withdraw the amend-
ment?
Mr. HALE. I will withdraw it on condition
the gentleman renews it.
Mr. THAYER. The gentleman cannot take
me off' the floor by that process.
The CHAIRMAN. The .question is on
agreeing to the amendment offered by the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Hale.]
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. THAYER. I move to strike out the
last line of the amendment under considera-
tion. The proposition which is now made by
the gentleman from Illinois is akin to the violent
and unjust, legislation which he has proposed
on a similar .subject in this House on repeated
occasions before, and on which, I am prepared
to say. this House has repeatedly set its seal
of reprobation.
Sir, this is sometimes said to be a day of
great discoveries, and it would appear also to
be a day of discovery in matters of legislative
science as well as of other kinds of science.
Why, sir, there is not a Government on the face
of the earth which would perpetrate the injus-
tice upon its merchants and peusons who are
dealing with it on the faith of its honor which
the gentleman from Illinois proposes to do.
Up to 1861, ami in the year 18(51, the legisla-
tion of this country contained in express terms'
the very proposition which the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Rice] moved as an amend-
ment to this bill, that is, to prevent the appli-
cation of the act increasing duties to cargoes
which were afloat upon the ocean at the time
of the passage of the act, and to goods which
were in bond at the time of its passage. That
has been the uniform legislation of this coun-
try down to, 1 believe, the year 1862. So late
as the act of March 2, 1861, and the act of
August, 1861, revising the tariff laws of this
country, a proposition, almost in terms that
of the gentleman from Massachusetts, was put
into the tariff law by the Congress of the Uni-
ted States. Now, what is the proposition? It
is to deal with these people in a different spirit.
It is, after you have given a receipt in full to
the men who have obeyed your laws and have
imported merchandise into the country upon
the faith of your laws, to lay your hands upon
them and rob them ; for there is no other word
in the English language which can characterize
the legal outrage, or I should rather say such
an illegal outrage, as is proposed to be inflicted
by the proposition of the gentleman from Illi-
nois.
The gentleman seeks to mak<5 his proposition
popular with the House by suggesting that the
merchants who have imported goods will real-
ize large advances by the passage of this law.
There may be instances in which that will result;
there may be instances in which precisely the
contrary may result. Persons who have en-
gaged in large importations under your laws by
reason of inability immediately to realize_ the
proceeds of those importations, may be ruined
by the sudden increase of the tariff upon goods
imported upon the faith of other laws.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. THAYER. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I renew it. Ihaveheard
the speech of the,gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Washburne] before. I was not convinced by
it then, and I am not quite convinced now.
We have heard the howl about being in the
interest of distillers, and I suppose we are pre-
pared now to hear a howl about being in the
interest of importers. Now, as I have no par-
ticular friends among them nor any particular
relations with them, I shall endeavor to con-
sider this subject with reference precisely to its
merits.
Sir, the fault is not with the importer or the
manufacturer, if, when you change your laws,
some men go up and others down. It is be-
cause you are continually changing your laws.
And I have therefore sometimes thought- that
a bad tariff or a bad tax law, if it were only
persistently adhered to, would, in the long run,
be better than a great many good ones if yon
change from one good one to another contin-
ually. It is the want of consistency and uni-
form continuity of legislation that enables some
men to make fortunes and causes others to lose
them whenever the law is changed; and the
man who expects whenever a law is changed
which affects taxation, either upon imports or
upon articles of produce in the conntry, to
patch it all up by looking after this. that, or
the other interest, or on one side or the other
of the line to be affected favorably or adversely
by it, will find he has undertaken a Herculean
task.
What then? The only safety is to adhere to
some principle, and I hold that principle to be
a very simple one. namely, a principle founded
upon common honesty, which ought to be ob-
served by the Government as well as by indi-
viduals. You say at one t'ime to \'our importer,
" Bring certain goods into the country and this
shall be the amount of duties wliich shall be im-
posed upon those goods." He brings the goods
here upon the faith of your law and pays the
duties. Then you change your law, and the
proposition is to say to him, "We have you in
the country; we have collected one set of duties
from you, and now we mean to collect another
set of duties, if we can follow up your goods
and find them.1' Sir, that is acting dishonestly
toward your importer. When there was an at-
tempt made to tax the stock of whisky on hand,
I had no sympathy with the distiller. And any
such insinuation is humbug, stuff, Buncombe,
unworthy of legislators. But I hold that after
we had said to men, '' Manufacture a certain
article and we will charge you fifty cents a gal-
lon," we ought not afterward to saj", " We will
follow up what you have manufactured if we
can and put another tax upon it."
And what is the provision proposed here?
It is to compel the importer to pay the addi-
tional tax upon every article that he may have
in his possession at the time this bill is passed.
Why, sir, I suppose I shall have to invite the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Washburnk]
down to my house to make an examifiation
there. A friend in China was kind enough to
send me some chests or boxes of tea, upon
which I paid the duties. One or two of tliem
are still unbroken; they are still in the hands
of the importer; and the proposition is to put
an additional duty upon them. And not only
that, but everywhere throughout the country,
wherever goods may be in first hands, notwith-
standing they have been brought into the coun-
try in good faith,' the importers trusting that
the Government would not break its contracts
with them, they are to bo followed up and
more duties collected upon them. I have no
doubt that men will make fortunes and men
will Jose fortunes because of this legislation.
But'I repeat, going back to where 1 started,
that this is the fault of continually changing
the laws. And you will only maKe it worse,
if every time you change your laws you violate
the national faith and honor. I withdraw the
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. BOUT WELL. 1 renew the amendment
to the amendment for the purpose.of saying a
few words.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Bout-
well] yield to me for a moment to modify my
amendment?
Mr. BOUT WELL. Certainly.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
to modify my substitute so that it will read :
" Provided further. That all good1!, war'es, and mer-
chandise in hand, 011 which duties have not been
paid, shall, after this act takes effect, pay the rates
of duty imposed by this act.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Washbuexe] cannot, without
unanimous consent, modify his amendment,
it haviugalreadv been acted upon by the Com-
mittee of the Whole. Ho can offer an amend-
ment to it after the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Boutwell,] who is entitled to the
floor, shall have concluded his remarks.
Mr. BOUT WELL. I wish to say that so far
as I have any knowledge, <he proposition made
by the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wash-
burxe] is without any authority or precedent,
and without any justification under the Consti-
tution of the United States.
The exercise of the power of Congress to
levy imports is limited to the time of the landing _
of the goods. When the import duty has been
paid the power of Congress to levy an impost
upon the articles imported is exhausted. Now,
if the proposition of the gentleman from Illi-
nois can ije sustained under the Constitution
by any authority or method whatever, it must
be under the provision to levy an excise duty.
But the provision of the Constitution in refer-
ence to excise duties, as well as to imposts, is
that all imposts, excises, and taxes shall be
uniform throughout the United States, Now,
what is the proposition before the committee?
It is that particular articles in thejiands of im-
porters shall be subject to certain duties, while
the same articles in the hands of others aie to
be exempt from duty. Manifestly the whole
proposition is unconstitutional and without any
justification whatever. Now, if the f entleman
undertakes to go further, and to levy dutieS
upon all goods that have been imported, in
whosesoever hands they may be found, of course
he proceeds or attempts to proceed to do that
which is utterly impracticable. Sir, the part,
of wisdom is unquestionably to reject the whole
of this proposition. When the importer has
put his goods in his own store they are beyond
the legislative power of Congress to levy im-
posts upon them. If we proceed under the
authority to levy cxcise duties we must make
them uniform on all articles subject to such
duties. Herein this proposition is distinguished
from a proposition presented at the last Con-
gress to levy an excise duty upon the stock of
spirituous liquors on hand.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will, by
unanimous consent, modify my amendment
already adopted, so as to read as follows:
A nd provided farther. That all goods, wares, and
merchandise in bond or in bonded warehouses, on
which duties liavenot been paid, jOiall, after this law
takes effect, pay all the rates of duty imposed by this
act.
Mr. McRUER. I object to that modifica-
tion being made.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I
move to amend my amendment already adopted
by substituting what I have just read.
' The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
that motion is in order.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. McRUER. I move to amend by adding
the following as an additional proviso:
And provided further, That the Secretary of the
Treasury shall return to the importers such amounts
as they have paid as duty ojer and above that levied
by this act on goods and merchandise on hand when
this act takes effect.
Mr. Chairman, if the officers of the various
custom-houses throughout the country are to go
around and find out how many goods are on
hand in the possession of the importers, and
to levy thereon an additional duty, it is but just
that those officers should take around with them
their bags of gold to repay to the importers the
amounts which the Government has received
from them in excess of the duties-to be levied
by this bill. I hope, therefore, that my amend
ment will be adopted if that of the gentleman
from Illinois is to be retained.
Mr. MORRILL. T merely desire to say 'that
the amendment of the gentleman from Illinois
in its present form is imperfect. If he desires
that it shall fully accomplish the purpose, he
should say "goods in public stores or bonded
warehouses."
Mr. THAYER. I would like to ask the
gentleman from Vermont whether the effect
of the passage of this bill would not be to
impose duties 011 goods in bonded warehouses
at the time of its passage, and whether hitherto
it has not usually been deemed necessary, in
order to accomplish the exemption of such
