1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
293
39th Cong....1st Sess.
Rights of Citizens—Mr. Shellabarger.
Ho. of Reps.
DATA FOR PROPOSED DUTIES ON "WOOLENS,
Founded on the following proposition agreed upon by
the executive committee of wool-growers and man-
facturers, 1866.
2. All manufactures composed wholly or in part
of wool or worsted shall be subjected to a duty which
shall be equal to twenty-five per cent, net? that is
to say, twenty-five per cent, after reimbursing the
amount paid on account of duties on wool, dye-stuffs,
and other imported materials used in such manufac-
tures, and also the amount paid for the internal rev-
enue tax imposed on manufactures, and upon the
supplies and material used therefor.
ITable No. 1.'
Four pounds mestiza wool to one pound finished
cloth.
Cassimeres manufactured, 77,320 yards; wool con-
sumed per yard, 32.4 ounces; weight per yard, 8.2
ounces.
Doeskins manufactured, 79,606$ yards; wool con-
sumed per yard, 31.1 ounces; weight per yard, 8.2
ounces.
Tariff of 1861:
Duty on wool, 3 cents by 4, equal to 12 cents spe-
cific duty per pound of cloth; ad valorem duty 25
per cent.
Tariff of 1864:
Duty on wool, 6 cents by 4, equal to 24 cents specific
duty; ad valorem duty 40 to 45 per cent.
Proposed tariff:
Duty on wool 10 cents specific, 10 per cent, ad valo-
rem,• average price mestiza wool, 15cents perpound;
ad valorem duty on wool per pound, H cents, whole
duty 1H cents. Proposed specific duty on cloth, per
pound,53 cents; proposed ad valorem, 35per cent.
Basis of proposed specific duty:
Wool duty paid on one pound of cloth is
1H by 4, equal to  46 cents.
Duty on drugs, &c., per pound of cloth  2.5 **
Total duty on raw material  48.5 "
Charges on above duty:
Interestsix months, at 7per cent..3.5 per ct.
Commissions and guarantees 6.5 M
Total charges   10 " 4.85 *'
Total compensatory duty required  53.35 "
Scale of minimums on flannels, blankets, &c.:
Below 40 cents  25 cents.
From 40 to 60 cents  35 "
From 60 to 80 cents  45 "
Above 80 cents  53 "
Canada wool, average cost  45 "
Duty 12 cents specific, and 10 per cent, ad
valorem  16.5 14
Twelve pounds wool to one pound worsted;
duty tlierefor    33 "
Chaiges, 10 per cent  3.3 "
^Reimbursing duties required  36.6 "
Table No. 2.
Basis of proposed ad valorem duty, 35 per cent.; 25
per cent, net duty required for protection of manu-
facturer, 10 per cent, duty required for 5 per cent,
internal revenue tax,
Data for determining above:
Average weight of ten samples of foreign cassi-
meres, 9.33 ounces.
Average cost abroad  03.70 cents.
Custom duties 51.47 "
To cost abroad  93.70 "
Add 80 per cent., cost importation and
duties  74.40 "
Home value.. .168.10
Five per cent, on above for internal rev-
enue tax  8.40 "
Ten per cent, on foreign cost  9.30 "
Increase of duties under proposed tariff. 12.23 44
Add present home value 168.10 "
Home value under proposed tariff. 183.33 "
Five per cent, on above for internal rev-
enue tax  9.01 "
Ten per cent, on foreign cost  9.30 "
Difference 29 "
Basis of specific duty on dress goods and Italian
cloths:
Wool part 16 yards. 22 inches wide, or 10 square yards
delaines, weighs 1 lb.
Wool duty 53 cents, requires 5.3 cents per square
yard; proposed specific duty 6 cents.
Wool part 63-10 yards, 32 inches wide, or 5.6 yards
Italian cloths, weighs 1 lb.
Wool duty 53 cents, requires 9.64 cents per square
yard, proposed specific duty 8 cents;
Distribution of duty on cloth of suit of clothes:
Quantity of goods, 7£ yards.
Average weight cassimeres, 69.98 ounces.
Average cost abroad, $7 02.75.
Present Proposed
tariff. tariff.
Duty on wool $1 04.92 $2 01.15
Duty on dye-stuffs  10.95 10.95
Charges on duties    11.59 21.21
Internal revenue tax at six per cent. 75.90 81.40
Manufacturer's duty  1 82.66 1 63.03
Total     S3 86.02 &4 77.75
Total amount increase, 97.73 cents.
Percentage increase on foreign cost of wool, 36.66
per cent.
Pcrccntagc increase on foreign manufacture, 13.05
per cent.
Proportion of manufacturer's duty on suit of clothes,
average cost $50, 3.2G per cent.
Kights of Citizens.
SPEECH OF HON. S. SHELLABARGER,
OE OIIIO,
1st the House of Representatives,
July 25, I860,
On the bill to declare and protect all the privileges
and immunities of citizcns of the United States in
the several States.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Mr. Speaker, I
regret that the Judiciary Committee, having
charge of this bill, has not been called since
the committee agreed to report in favor of this
measure until now, when it is too late to fully
discuss this important measure and to pass it
through both Houses of Congress. It will, I
1 doubt not, be taken up and passed at our
next session. I here, and now, submit some
remarks upon the right of Congress to pass
this bill into a law. I desire, if I can, to at-
tract to its consideration the attention of my
fellow-members of this House.
The design of this bill is to enforce that de-
mand of the Constitution which declares "the
citizens of each State shall be entitled to all
the privileges and immunities of citizens" [of
the United States] "in the several States."
The bill occupies this single ground, and aims
at nothing beyond. Its scope is distinct from
that of the " civil rights bill." That insures
equality in certain civil rights. This protects
all the fundamental rights of the citizen of one
State who seeks tocnjoytheminanotherState.
The "civil rights bill," therefore, has, in no
sense, rendered this law unnecessary.
To accurately apprehend what remedies may
be provided by Congress for enforcing this
clause of the Constitution some well-settled
principles in regard to it ought to be carefully
noted. One of these is thus stated by Judge
Story. He says:
"The intention of this elausc was to corifcr on
them," [thecitizens of each State,] "if one may so
say, a general citizenship."—2 Story's Commentaries,
section 1806.
This clause, therefore, enacts that all "the
privileges and immunities'' of a "general" or
"national" citizenship shall be enjoyed in
every State by the citizens of the United States.,
Again, it was the design of this clause, as is
expressed by the court of appeals of New York,
inLemmonTO. ThePeople, (6Smith's Reports,
626, 627,) to secure to the citizens of every
State within every other State the " privileges
and immunities (whatever they might be) ac-
corded in each to its own citizens." Judge
Story (2 Commentaries, section 1806) expresses
this design in these words:
"The intention of this clause was to confer on
them, if one may so say, a general citizenship, and
to communicate all the privileges and immunities
which citizens of the same State would be entitled to
under like circumstances."
Chancellor Kent(2 Commentaries, page 71,)
says the same thing in these words:
"If they [that is native or naturalized citizens of
the United States] remove from one State to another
they are entitled to the privileges that persons of the
same description are entitled to in the State to which
the removal is made, and to none other."
The same thing is decided in Livingston vs.
Vanlngin, (9 John. R., 507) and in numerous
other cases.
The next proposition touching this clause,
which is thoroughly established, is this: that
these words, "privileges and immunities," of
this general or national citizenship, include and
embrace at least the following, to wit: "the
rights of protection of life and liberty, and to ac-
quire and enjoy property, and to pay no higher
impositions than other citizens, and to pass
through or to reside in the State at pleasure;
and to enjoy the elective franchise according
to the regulations of the law of the State."
This I' copy froiai Chancellor Kent's enumer-
ation. (2 Kent, s. p. 710.) He takes this
enumeration of rights from the opinion of
Judge Washington, in the case of Corfield vs.
Coryell, (4 Washington's Circuit Court Re-
ports, 371,) in which ease Chancellor Kent says:
"It was decided that the privileges and immu-
nities conceded by the Constitution of the United
States to citizens in the several States, wore to be
confined to those which were fundamental, and which
belonged of right to the citizens of all free Govern-
ments. Sueh are the rights of protection of life,
liberty, and to acquire and enjoy property, and to
pay no higher impositions than other citizens, and
to pass through or reside in the State at pleasure,
and to enjoy the elective franchise according to the
regulation of the law of the State."
To this enumeration of fundamental rights
Story adds what I have already quoted, to wit:
" all such as citizens of the same State would
be entitled to under like circumstances."
Whatever confusion there maybe (and there
is some) as to what those local, and not funda-
mental, privileges are which a State may give
to its own permanent inhabitants and deny to •
sojourners, (see 2 Kent's Commentaries, page
72,) it is universally agreed that these, which
Kent enumerates as "fundamental," cannot
be taken away from any citizen of the United
States by the laws of any State, neither from
its own citizens nor from those coming in from
another State. We have now seen what the
fundamental rights are which every citizen of
the United States holds as the gift of his na-
tional Government, and which neither any in-
dividual nor any State cail rightfully deprive
hira of.
Our next and principal proposition is that,
as these rights grow out of and belong to na-
tional citizenship and not out of State citizen-
ship, and as the Constitution expressly enjoins
that every citizen of the United States "shall
be entitled " to them " in the several States,"
therefore it is within the power and duty of
the United States to secure by appropriate
legislation these fundamental rights. And, in
entering upon the statement of this point, it is
proper that I should here state that, in order
to avoid every doubtful exercise of power by
the United States, and not to assume or trench
upon the powers of the States, this bill has
been carefully limited in the following partic-
ulars and ways;
1. It protects no one except such as seek to
or are attempting to go either temporarily or for
abode from their own State into some other.
It does not attempt to enforce the enjoyment
of the rights of a citizen within his own State,
against the wrongs of his fellow-citizens of
his own State after the injured party has be-
come or when he is a citizen of the State where
the injury is done. This is because the bill is
confined to the enforcement of this single clause
of the Constitution. Without determining what
further powers the Government may have in
enforcing rights of '' national citizenship'' in
favor of all its citizens, without regard to the
fact of their passing from one State into an-
other, it was thought best to make this act single
and compact in its scope and structure, and to
that end to confine its provisions to the single
object of seeing that this clause of the Consti-
tution was executed throughout the Republic.
In Abbott vs. Bailey (0 Pick. R. 92) it is de-
cided "that the privileges and immunities of
1 the citizens of each State,' in every other State
can, by virtue of this clause, only be applied in
case of a removal from one State into another.''
To conform the bill to this view of this constitu-
tional provision, it was deemed best to limit it
in accordance with that decision, and to make
it secure to all the people those great interna-
tional rights which are embraced in unrestrained
and secure inter-State commerce, intercourse,
travel, sojourn, and acquisition of abode.
2. As a consequence resulting from the last
stated legal idea, the criminal provisions of this
bill are so framed and drawn that no offense is
