1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
has been o*btaiaed .against its .renewing the at-
tempt to secede, against its being- represented
-in Congress beyond its proportion according to
its voting population, against any payment for
debt incurred in rebellion or for its emancipated
slaves, and against any distinction in its con-
stitution, laws, or municipal regulations on
account of mcc, color, or descent; which was
referred to the joint committee on reconstruc-
tion.
Mr. NORTON presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Minnesota, in favor of the estab-
lishment of a mail route from Shakopee, Scott
county, to Oral, Le Sueur county, in that State,
and in favor of the discontinuance of the pres-
ent routes from Shakopee to Northfield, and
from Shakopee to Oral; which was referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Minnesota,- in favor of a grant of lands
to aid in the construction of a ship-canal across
the base of Keweenaw Point, from Lake Su-
perior to Portage Lake ; which were referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Minnesota, in favor of the payment to
certain officers and enlisted men of volunteer
regiments of that State of the sums equitably
due them for services performed, but which they
have failed to receive, they not having been
regularly mustered into the United States ser-
vice ; which were referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented resolutions of the Legisla-
ture 'of Minnesota, remonstrating against the
settlement of certain Indians upon the frontier
of that State, under section four of an act
for the removal of Sisscton and other Indian
tribes, and lor the disposition of their lands in
Minnesota and Dakota, approved March 3,
18015; which were referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
Mr. POMEUOY presented a petition of cit-
izens of Kansas, volunteer soldiers in the late
war for the suppression of rebellion, praying
for an equalization of soldiers' bounties; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs and the Militia.
Mr. YATES presented a petition of soldiers
of the States of Illinois, Ohio, Indiana,-and
Missouri, praying for an equalization of sol-
diers' bounties, and that land warrants may be
gi anted to honorably discharged soldiers, and
for an increase of pension to such as have been
disabled in the service ; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
Mr. HARRIS. I present the petition of
one thousand citizens and working men of the
city of Rochester, New York, praying Congress
to pass an act making eight hours the measure
of a day's work throughout the country, and,
failing in this, that eight hours bo considered
the measure of a day's work for all workmen-,
artisans, or laborers in the employ of the
Government. 1 understand that petitions of
this sort have been referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs; I move that reference of
this petition.
It was so referred.
Mr. BUCKALEW presented the petition of
Cornelius Crowley, praying for an increase of
his pension ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
REPOKTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, to whom was referred the
petition of James G. Clarke, praying for com-
pensation for services and expenses as acting
charge d'affaires at Brussels, submitted a re-
port accompanied by a bill (S. No. 248) for the
relief of James G. Clarke. The bill was read
and passed to a second reading, and the report
wa= ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
'was referred a joint resolution (H. It. No. o2)
to provide for the expenses attending the ex-
hibition of the products of industry of the
United States at the Exposition at Paris in
18G7, reported it with an amendment.
■ Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, to whom was referred a memo-
rial of Commodore T. Turner, United States
Navy, praying for a distributive share of the
prize money of the proceeds of the steamers
Aries, Cherokee, and St. John, taken by ves-
sels of the blockading squadron off Charleston,
commanded by him, and sent to Boston for
adjudication, submitted a report accompanied
by a bill (S. No. 2-51) for the relief of Com-
modore Thomas Turner. The bill was read
and passed to a second reading, and the report
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred a bill (S.
No. 219) granting certain lands to the State of
Michigan to aid in the construction of a ship-
canal to connect the waters of Lake Superior
with th<j lake known as Lac La Belle, in said
State, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. POMEUOY. The same committee, to
whom was referred a bill (S. No. 224) to aid
in the construction of a southern branch of the
Union Pacitic railroad and telegraph, and to
secure to the Government the use of the same
for postal, military, and other purposes, have
directed me to report it back and to ask that
the committee be discharged from its fuither
consideration, and that it be referred to the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad, because
there is already a grant of public iands for
this line, all that the Committee on Public
Lauds could give them.
The report was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 250) for the discontinuance in certain cases
of land offices, and authorizing modifications
in the limits of land districts; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 ask leave to introduce
a bill, of which no previous notice has been
given, to incorporate the National Telegraph
Company. I have had some doubt as to
what committee this bill ought to be referred,
whether to the Post Office Committee or the
Committee on the District of Columbia, but I
presume the Committee on the District of
Columbia is the proper committee.
No objection being made, leave was granted
to introduce the bill (S. No. 249) to incorpo-
rate the National Telegraph Company, and it
was read twice by its title.
Mr. BROWN. To what committee is the
bill to go ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I supposed at first the
Post Office Committee would be the proper
committee.
Mr. BROWN. Where is the telegraph line
to run to ?
Mr. SHERMAN. On the postal routes of
the United States.
Mr. BROWN. Then it ought to goto the
Post Office Committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am perfectly willing to
have it referred to that committee.
The bill was referred to the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. SHERMAN subsequently said : At the
suggestion of other Senators, as the bill I in-
troduced a few moments ago is rather peculiar
in its character, and yet of great importance,
I will submit a motion that it be referred to
a special committee of live, to be appointed
I by the Chair. It does not really relate to
j the postal service, nor is it exactly a bill re-
! lating to a company in the District of Colum-
j bia. The purpose of the bill is to organize a
I company to immediately commence the con-
i strnction of telegraph lines in the United States
on the postal routes of the United States. The
only connection lhat it has with the Post
Office Department is that it is to be a medium
of communication, and provides that these tel-
egraph lines shall be constructed on the postal
routes. I think that the subject is of such
i pressing importance lhat it would justify the
i appointment of a select committee of five. I
have no special desiremyself to be on tfie com-
mittee, but at the same time I thinli thesubjept
ought to be promptly acted upon, and I will
make that motion.
Mr. BROWN. I will simply say that I am
inclined to think the motion of the Senator
from Ohio is the better motion in the premises
than the reference I proposed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The order /.
of the Senate referring the bill to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices,and Post Roads will be
considered as reconsidered, and it is now moved
that the bill be referred to a special committee
to consist of five members to be appointed by
the Chair.
The motion was agreed to. 4
SARAII riTZGIBBON.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Yesterday morning
I reported back from the Committee on Pen-
sions a bill which has already passed the Sen-
ate and the House, and which is now simply
pending on an amendment made by the House
of Representatives. I now move to take up
that bill. Senate bill No. 82, granting a pen-
sion to Sarah Fitzgibbon, simply, for the pur-
pose of concurring in the amendment of the
House.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the amendment of the
House of Representatives to the bill, which
was to add the following proviso:
Provided, That in the event of the marriage or
death of the said Sarah Fitzfribbon, the pension al-
lowed by this act shall bo continued to the children
of the late Major Thomas C. Fitzgibbon.
So that the bill will read:
That the Secretary of thelnteriorbe, ondhohereby
is, authorized and directed to place the name of Sa-
rah Fitzsibbon, widow ol ThomasC. Fitzgibbon, late
major of the fourteenth Michigan volunteer infan-
try, upon the pension rolls, attwcnty-fivedollarsper
monih fiom the lit. day of May, 1865, subject to tho
limitations and restrictions now imposed by existing
pension laws: Provided, That m tho event of the
marriage or death of the said Sarah Fitzgibbon the
pension allowed by this act. shallbe continued to the
children of tho late Major Thomas C. Fitzgibbon.
Mr. GRIMES. What are the limitations of
existing laws there referred to?
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. The limitation is,
ordinarily, that if she marries the pension
ceascs.
Mr. GRIMES. I will inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee on Pensions why there .
is ,a deviation from the uniform rule in this
case?
Mr.- LANE, of Indiana. The uniform rule
is precisely carried out in this pension law. If
this were a case allowed by the Pension Com-
missioner the pension would go, at the death
of the party, to the children under sixteen years
of age; but it is necessary for ns to pass a spe-
cial law to carry out that rule in this case.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 will ask the Senator from
Indiana whether he has examined the amend-
ment made by the House of Representatives,
and whether it is in conformity with the gen-
eral pension law ?
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Yes, sir, exactly.
Sir. HOWARD. I hope, then, that it will
be concurred in.
The amendment was concurred in.
SEALS AND DIXON.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask tho Senate to take
up tho joint resolution reported the day before
yesterday by the Senator from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Cow ax,] from the Committee on Finance,
authorizing the Treasurjf to settle the accounts
of Beals & Dixon, according to their contract.
The Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Ci.ark]
objected to its consideration on tho day it was
reported, but I understand he has no objection
to its being considered now. I move that it be
taken up.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 50) authorizing the Secretary
of the Treasury to adjust the claim of Beals &
Dixon against the United States was read a sec-
ond time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to be engrossed
