1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2733
man goes to a merchant and buys material for
a dross, under the construction by the Internal
Revenue Bureau of the law as it now exists, if
he carries it to a dress-malcer and has it made
up, the dress-maker has not only to pay a tax
on the work but upon the estimated value of
the goods. This is to remedy that difficulty.
Mr. DAVIS. Suppose the dress-maker is
herself the vender of the goods?
Mr. MORRILL. The tax is applied to the
whole value of the goods, which we thought to
be wrong.
Mr. DAVIS. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend by striking
out the last word for the purpose of inquiring
of the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Morrill]
what is the correct understanding of this para-
graph. As I read it now, it provides that if a
tailor or maker of gloves, &c., manufactures
work to order, and not for general sale, to the
amount of $1,000 for the labor, exclusive of the
material, he jsay s no tax. But jf he manufactures
any amount in excess of $1,000, exclusive of
the material, he is then taxed, not only on the
amount of his labor, the $1,000 as well as the
surplus, but also on the material which he has
made up. I can read the paragraph in no
other way. I will ask the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means if that is the
correct construction of this paragraph, and if
it is, is it just?
Mr. ALLISON". I will say in reply to the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Hale] that
my colleague [Mr. Wilson'] proposed an
amendment to a former part of this bill, re-
lating to section ninety-three of the present
revenue law, which was adopted, by which all
manufacturers are exempt from taxation to the
amount of $1,000, and are taxed only upon the
excess above $1,000 and to $3,000, and above
$3,000 they are taxed on the whole amount;
so that if a manufacturer manufactures only
$3,000 worth, he is taxed only upon the excess
over $1,000. And I see no reason why that
provision does not apply to this paragraph as
well as to all other paragraphs relating to man-
ufactures. And I see no reason why large man-
ufacturers who manufacture over $3,000, per-
haps $100,000 or $1,000,000, should not pay
the tax upon the first Si,000 as well as upon
the rest.
Mr. MORRILL. I think there may be some
difficulty in the law as it stands; but if the
amendment of the gentleman from Iowa shall
be adopted I will ask the committee or the
House to go back to this section to make it
conform to that amendment.
Mr. HALE. With that understanding, I
withdraw my amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. I am not satisfied with this
paragraph as it stands. I move to amend by
inserting after the word "tax," in line-twenty-
one hundred and thirty, the words "and then
only on the excess over $1,000."
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk began to read the next paragraph,
beginning with line twenty-one hundred and
thirty-three, when
Mr. MORRILL moved that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union had had under consideration the
Union generally, and particularly the special
order, being bill of the House No. 513, to
amend an act entitled "An act to provide
internal revenue to support the Government,
to pay interest on the public debt, and for
other purposes," approved June 30, 1864, and
acts amendatory thereof, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
BUSINESS 01? EVENING SESSIONS.
Mr. MORRILL. I suppose that it is the
understanding of the House that the evening
sessions to be held to-morrow evening and on
subsequent evenings shall be devoted exclu-
sively to the consideration of the tax bill. If
that is not the understanding, I shall move to
suspend the rules that such an order may be
made.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to
the understanding that the evening sessions
shall be devoted exclusively to the consideration
of the tax bill V
There was no objection.
PAY DEPARTMENT OF THE NAVY.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I move that
the House proceed to the consideration of
business on the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
The first business on the Speaker's table was
Senate amendments to joint resolution (H. R.
No. 130) to carry into immediate effect the act
to provide for the better organization of the
pay department of the Navy.
The amendments of the Senate were read, as
follows:
First amendment:
Add the following as a new section:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the Secretary
of the Navy be, and he is hereby, authorized to retain
or to appoint under existing laws and regulations
such volunteer officers in the Navy as the exigencies
of the service may require until their places can be
supplied by graduates from the Naval Academy.
The amendment was concurred in.
Second amendment:
Add the following as a new section:
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That naval con-
structors shall hereafter be held to be staff officers in
the Navy and entitled to all the rights and privi-
leges and subject to all the liabilities and duties of
such.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the first amendment of the Sen-
ate to this bill was concurred in. I desire some
explanation of that amendment, for it seems
to me a most singular provision. It proposes
that certain volunteer officers may be retained
or appointed to hold their positions until others
shall be educated at the Naval Academy, who
are then to step in and take their places.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. The gentle-
man from Ohio will not, I think, object to the
amendment when he understands it.
Mr. SCHENCK. I shall be glad to hear it
explained.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I will explain
it. The fact is that the number of officers in
the regular Navy is insufficient at present for
the demands of the service. This amendment
proposes simply that the Secretary of the Navy
shall have authority to continue such volunteer
officers in the naval service as the emergencies
of the service may require until regular officers
can be instructed by graduation from the Naval
Academy. If all the volunteer officers were
dischai-ged to-day it would be impossible to
carry on the naval service, there not being
regular officers enough for that purpose. This
provision is simply for the purpose of continu-
ing temporarily these volunteer appointments.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then, if I understand the
provision, it is this: that these volunteer offi-
cers—acting officers as they are called in the
Navy—may, if they will accept such a tenure
of office, be continued indefinitely by the Sec-
retary of the Navy, to be turned adrift so soon
as he shall have educated at the Naval Acad-
emy others to take their places.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. That has
always been the tenure of office of these men.
Mr. SCHENCK. No, sir; not during the
war.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. The gentle-
man from Ohio will recollect that a bill has
already passed the House authorizing the
transfer of a certain number of volunteer offi-
cers to the regular Navy. Those are to be
transferred absolutely. It is not, however,
considered desirable that every place in the
Navy shall now be filled by the transfer of
volunteer officers; but by the provision of the
amendment a further portion of the volunteer
officers may be employed in the Navy so long,
and only so long, as the exigencies of the ser-
vice require.
Mr. SCHENCK. I understand it is pro-
posed by this amendment, to say to the men
who have served through the war, "You have
helped us fight our battles; we will retain you
beyond the time the law now provides, but you
must not think that you are to be retained for
any considerable length of time, or longer than
one, two, three, four, or five years, until there
shall have entered a sufficient number on the
royal road to take your places, for then you
shall be turned adrift. It will be too much for
you to expect that you should be retained in
the service any longer than till such time as we
can raise a number of midshipmen at Annap-
olis to take your places." That is really tho
proposition as I understand it.
Now, sir, I think, at the close of the war, we
ought to have a sufficient number of officers,
either in the Army or Navy, who are qualified
to fill the vacancies existing. But as to this
mockery of taking a number of these officers
with the understanding that they are to go with
the Navy after having gone through the war,
bat are to be turned out whenever a new group
can be raised at Annapolis, I protest against it.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I entirely
agree with the gentleman. I have myself
reported a bill from the Naval Committee
authorizing the transfer of one hundred and
fifty volunteer officers from the volunteer to
the regular service in order to make up with
the graduates of the Naval Academy the num-
ber of officers of the Navy which the law now
requires. The fact is, that the present exi-
gencies of the service require fora time a larger
number of officers than .the law allows, and the
object of this amendment is, that so long as
the exigencies of the services require more
officers than the law allows to the regular ser-
vice the Secretary of the Navy maybe author-
ized to continue the appointments of these
officers. I certainly have no objection, if the
House sees fit to increase the number of officers
in the regular Navy, to its being done. But
that is a subject that cannot be attended to in
the short time that we have to consider it at this
time, and if it will meet the wishes of the gen-
tleman from Ohio I will move to refer the bill
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SCHENCK. I should very much prefer
that. The gentleman sees the very difficulty,
and therefore has a bill prepared to authorize
the taking of a number of these volunteer
officers to fill these places. But in the mean
time this bill also may have passed, which will
defeat the gentleman's object if this amend-
ment is concurred in.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I move to refer the
bill to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The SPEAKER. The pending motion is
to reconsider the vote by which the amend-
ment of the Senate was concurred in, but if
there is no objection it will be considered as
reconsidered and referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
INTRODUCTION OF CIIOLEKA.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the consideration of the amendment of the
Senate to joint resolution of the House No.
116, to prevent the introduction of cholera into
the United States; which was referred to tho
Committee on Commerce.
PENSIONS.
The Senate amendments to the following
bills were next taken from the Speaker's
table, and referred to the Committee on In-
valid Pensions:
An act (H. R. No. 216) for the relief of
Cordelia Murray ;
An act I H. R. No. 459) granting a pension
to Anna E. Ward;
An act (H. R. No. 402) granting a pension
to Mrs. Sally Andrews ;
An act (II. 11. No. 493) granting a pension
to Mrs. Joanna Yt'ixians ;
An act (II. R. No. 845) for the relief of
Christina Elder;
An act (H. R. No. 383) supplementary to
the several acts relating to pensions;  ,nd
An act (H._ R. No. 371) granting a pension
to Leonard Sinclair.
