1774
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
for a third reading, read tbe third time, and
passed.
j. r. ktttbxnodse.
The Senate proceeded to consider tlie amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the
bill (S. No. 80) for tlie relief of J. B. Ritten-
house, fleet paymaster of the Pacific squadron.
The amendment was to add at the end of the
bill the following proviso :
Provided, That no pait of said money sliall he al-
lowed said Rittenhouso until tho proper accounting
officers of the Governmentaresatisfied upon full and
complete evidence of the larceny of the money al-
leged to have boon stolen.
Mr. NYE. I5. it proper to move now that
the Senate concur in the amendment?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is a
proper motion for the Chair to entertain.
Mr. N1E. I make that motion, that the
Senate concur ill the amendment made by the
House of Representatives.
Tlie motion was agreed to.
collection districts.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the
bill(S. No. 190) to establish the eolloction dis-
trict of Port Huron and the collection district
of Michigan, and to extend the district of
Puget Sound.
The amendments of the House of Repre-
sentatives were as follows:
Shikemit all after the enaeling clause of the sec-
ond section. :tiid insert tho following:
That the Teiiitories of Montana and Idaho be, and
the same are hereby, made a new collection district,
to be eailed the district of Montana and Idaho, anil
that a collector, v: i i h the .same salary as is above pro-
vided for each of the collectors of Port Huron and
Michigan, [-hall be appointed to reside at the port oi
entry in said district, which shall be designated by
the Secretary of the Treasury.
Add the following as an additional section :
Sec. 3. And t*r it fat thcr enacted, That tho collection
district of Penobscot, in tho State of Maine, shall
hereafter be called tho district of Castine.
Amend tho title of tho bill so as to read: "An act
to establish tho eolloction district of Port. Huron, the
collection district of Michigan, the collection district
oi Montana and Idaho, and to change the name of
the collection district of Penobscot."
Mr. CONNESS. I move that the bill and
the amendments be referred to the Committee
011 Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
dkfexs13 of "dakota territory.
O11 motion of Mr. WILSON, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider tile hill (II. R. No. 420) to provide arms
and ammunition for the defense of the inhab-
itants of Dukola Territory. R directs the Sec-
retary of War (0 issue, upon the requisition of
the Governor of Dakota Territory, such amount
of ordnance and ordnance stores as may be
necessary to arm the inhabitants of the Terri-
tory who may organize for defense against hos-
tile Indians, not exceeding one thousand stand
of small-armsand one hundred thousand rounds
of ammunition, to be charged against the quota
due. or to become due, to tho Territory under
the^laws for arming and equipping the militia.
Thy bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, oidered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
petell anderson.
Mr. (/ill'.SW ELL. I move to take up for
consideration Senate bill No. 7',).
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
7<j j for the benefit of Peter Anderson, the pend-
ing question being on ordering the bill to be
engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. CLARK. I ask that the bill be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
He itcaaded, That tbe Secretary of the Treasury
be, and ho is hereby, authorized and directed to pay,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap~
Propnated, to Peter Anderson M.128. being in full for
back pension, at the rate of six dollars per month,
Irointhe Jay be received his wounds to the day his
pension^ coaiim-nced, under award of Commissioner
pi Pens.ons, that is to say, from November 7,1847,
to J uly ±J, lho.S.
Mr. CLARK. I do not think that bill ought
to pass without further inquiry. It will be
remembered that some time ago this bill was
before the Senate, and the question came up
whether this man was not passing here under
two names, asking of the Committee on Pen-
sions an award under thename of Peter Ander-
son and of the Committee on Claims an award
under the name of C. F. Johnson. I find upon
inquiry that there is but one man. He is before
the Committee on Pensions as Anderson and
before the Committee on Claims as Johnson.
The thing should be explained in some way
before Congress makes any appropriation for
him.
Mr. CRESWELL. I think that matter is
susceptible of an easy explanation. When this
bill was up for the consideration of the Senate,
some two or three weeks ago, some gentleman
on the other side of the House stated that diffi-
culty^ and desired that the bill might lie over
until it should be inquired into. On inquiry
I find that this same man, whose real name is
Johnson, enlisted many years ago in the Navy
of the United States under the assumed name
of Anderson. Enlisting in that way is a com-
mon thing. He makes an application for his
back pension in that name, for the reason that
his pension issued to him in tho name of An-
derson ; but I am assured, from the inquiries
that I have made and the information I have
been able to gather, that there has been 110 in-
tention. 110 disposition, and no desire on the
part of this man to perpetrate any fraud or to
appear here in any false character. I think his
sufferings and his conduct are a sufficient guar-
antee against that. The only reason he assigns j
for making the application to the Pension
Committee in the name of Peter Anderson is, j
as I have stated, because his name was entered j
on the lists of the Navy as Peter Anderson, j
He appears before that committer and asks
that the bac-k pension to him shall be paid in j
the same way. lie presents letters from re- !
spectable parties identifying him beyond all
mistake, and 1 think exempting him from any
suspicion of fraud or unfairness.
Mr. CLARK. There may have been "eases
of that kind where a man has enlisted under
an assumed name and has been entitled to a ,
pension, but I think this is not the usual way
in which mistakes of thafkind are corrected;
but that he should be permitted to take the
pension which belongs to the man under the
assumed name, it not appearing to the Depart-
ment that any other man claims it. I think if
the Senator is satisfied ou that point he had
better alter his bill so as to make it take that
direction.
Mr. CREST\ELL. The gentleman could
readily meet that difficulty by saying "to 0.
I1. .Johnson.' ['■ Let it lie."] According to
the wishes of ray friend, 1 move that the bill lie
over until to-morrow.
'The motion was agreed to.
john w. campbell.
On motion of Mr. WILLIAMS, the bill (Ii.
R. No. 215) for the benefit of John V. Camp-
bell, was considered as in Committee of tho
W hole.
It proposes to require the proper accounting
oncers of tho Treasury Depaitment to allow
John W. Campbell, late quartermaster seventh
Kentucky cavalry, onsettlementofhis accounts,
a credit of $4,770, money expended by him
for tho use of the regiment, the vouchers and
accounts for which were destroyed and lost by
falling into the hands of the enemy at Cyn-
thiana, July 17, Rig Hill, August 23, and Rich-
mond,^ Kentucky, August 30, 1862, respect-
ively, if, on examining the evidence, the Quar-
termaster General shalldeem him justly entitled
to this credit.
The bill was reported to the Senate without,
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
pa01 ho railroad.
, ^O^ARD. I move to take ut> Senate
biU No. 10;).
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 100) to rescind the
order of the President designating the Sioux
City and Pacific Railroad Company to con-
struct the branch of the Union Pacific railroad
from Sioux City.
Mr. GRIMES. I suggest to the Senator
from Michigan that he permit this bill to lie
over for a few days. I was not aware that any
such report had been made from this committee,
and I am astonished that it has been. I should
like an opportunity to examine into the reasons
why they have been impelled by their sense of
duty to submit any such report as this. It
takes me entirely unawares.
Mr. HOWARD. The bill which is now be-
fore the Senate has been before the Committee
on the Pacific Railroad for a very considerable
portion of this session, and they have had
numerous meetings upon it. They have ex-
pended very much time and attention on the
bill, far more than they usually do on such
bills. It has been a subject of attention at
their meetings since the commencement of the
session, and after the most full and careful de-
liberation they have come to the conclusion to
recommend the passage of the bill now before
the Senate; but as the Senator from Iowa de-
sires time to look into the subject, and is taken
somewhat by surprise by the report of the bill,
I certainly have no objection to its lying over
in order to meet his convenience. I give notice,
however, that I shall call it up at an early day.
Mr. GRIMES. Is there any report accom-
panying it?
Mr.'HOWARD. No printed report. I sug-
gest that it lie over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The fur-
ther consideration of the bill will bo postponed
by common consent.
bounties to colored soldiers.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up Senate
joint resolution No. 51, respecting bounties to
colored soldiers.
The motion was agreed to ; and tho Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution, which provides
that the omission on the muster-rolls of the
words "free on or before April 19, 1861," shall
not deprive any colored soldier of the bounty
to which he is entitled, and which is now or
may hereafter be withheld by reason of such
omission ; but the resolution is not to be so
construed as to entitle soldiers who were not
free at the date specified to receive bounty.
Mr. WILSON. I move to add the follow-
ing as an additional section :
_ And be it further resolved. That in determining who
is or was the wife, widow, or heirs of any colored sol-
dier, evidence that he and Ihe woman claimed to bo
his wife or widow have cohabited together or associ-
ated a.- husband and wife, or evidence that a form or
ceremony of marriage has been entered into or cele-
brated by them, and that the parties thereafter lived
together or associated or cohabited as husband and
wife, and so continued to live, cohabit, or associate
at the lime of the enlistment, shall bo deemed suffi-
cient proof of such marriage for the purpose of secu-
ring any arrears of pay, pension, or other allowances
duo any colored soldier at the time of his death ; and
the children born of any such marriage or connection
shall be deemed and taken to be tho children em-
braced v, iihin the provisions of this act, whether such
marriage or connection shall or shall not. have been
dissolved at the time of the enlistment of tho father.
Mr. HENDRTCICS. I think that had better
bo explained a little. We cannot toll much
about it from the mere reading. Perhaps,
however, a bill of this sort requires 110 expla-
nation in this body.
Mr. WILSON. I did not hear the remark
of the Senator.
Mr. IIENDRTCKS. I believe there is no
report accompanying this resolution. We cer-
tainly ought to know something about it. It
is impossible to tell its scope and effect from
merely hearing it read.
Mr. WILSON. The resolution simply pro-
poses to correct errors; it alters no principle.
There arc a great number of colored persons
who entered the service, having always been
free citizens of (ho Senator's State ami of my *
Slate and of other States, but who 0:1 the en-
rollment were not enrolled jus bavins: been free
before the 1'. ith of April, 1801. Several such per-
sons have been wounded in the service aud
are now without arms or legs. This resolution
