2734
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
PASSPORTS.
The bill of the House (H. R. No. 568) tc
repeal section twenty-three of chapter seventy-
nine of the acts of the third session of the
Thirty-Seventh Congress, returned from the
Senate with an amendment, was next taken
from the Speaker's table, and the amendment
of the Senate was read, as follows :
At the end of the bill add the following:
And hereafter passports shall be issued only to
citizens of the United States.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Let me
ask if that means that persons who have de-
clared their intention to become citizens shall
not be entitled to passports.
The SPEAKER. Such persons are not now
entitled by law to passports.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I think
that amendment had better be referred to a
committee.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move that the bill,
with the amendment, be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
BENJAMIN IIOLLIDAY.
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 103) to refer
\he petition of Benjamin Hollidavto the Court
of Claims, returned from the Senate with an
amendment, was next taken from the Speaker's
table, and referred to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs.
GOODRICH AND CORNISH.
The joint resolution of the House (H. R. No.
11) for the relief of Ambrose L. Goodrich and
Nathan Cornish for carrying the United States
mails from Boise City to Idaho City, in the
Territory of Idaho, returned from the Senate
with amendments, was next taken from the
Speaker's table, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
I'OUTIFICATION BILL.
The bill of the House (II. R. No. 255) making
appropriations for the construction, preserva-
tion, and repair ofcertain fortifications and other
works of defense for the year ending June 30,
1867, returned from the Senate with amend-
ments, was next taken from the Speaker's
table, and referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF THE NAVY.
The bill of the Senate (S. No. 318) to author-
ize the appointment of an additional Assistant
Secretary of the Navy, was next taken from
the Speaker's table, and read a first and sec-
ond time.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I call the
previous question on the passage of that bill.
Mr. ANCONA. You cannot pass it. I
shall insist on a division, and there is no quo-
rum here.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. Let me say
a single word in reference to this bill. It is
substantially the same bill which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs of this
- House a few days ago, which has been consid-
ered by that committee, and unanimously
agreed to. I believe that this bill passed the
Senate without any dissent whatsoever. It
simply provides that there shall be, for six
months, an Assistant Secretary of the Navy,
who shall act during the absence of the present
Assistant Secretary of the Navy, who is going
abroad, there being no officer who, in the
absence of the Secretary and of the Assistant
Secretary, can attach the official signatures to
papers. The gentleman who is going abroad
has been in the service ever since the beginning
ot the war, and all that it is proposed to grant
him. is leave of absence equivalent to that
granted to volunteer officers of the Navy when
mustered out, so as to allow them one month's
leave for every year's service they have ren-
dered during the war. It is a very small amount.
The Government are very anxious, indeed, that
the bill shall pass, and I insist upon the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Is there
& quo mm present?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks there
is not a quorum present.
Mr. ROSS. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I hope not.
The SPEAKER. This bill will come up as
unfinished business to-morrow morning imme-
diately after the reading of the Journal.
Mr. THAYER. I appeal to the gentleman ;
from Illinois [Mr. Ross] to withdraw his )
motion to adjourn for a moment. :
Mr. ROSS. I will do so. j
MARIA SYMIAX.
On motion of Mr. THAYER, by unanimous
consent, the bill of the Senate (S. No. 321) for
the relief of Maria Syphax was taken from the
Speaker's table, read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
And then, on motion of Mr. ROSS, (at five
minutes to five o'clock p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under
the rule and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. HAWKS: The petition of M. B. Whitney,
and 36 others, citizens of Westiield, Massachusetts,
asking for protection against unjust State laws in ref-
erence to insurance.
By Mr. COOK: The petition of F. "W. Mattheissere
& Hegcler of La Salle, Illinois, for increase of protec-
tion to the manufacture of spelter and sheet zinc.
By Mr. GARFIELD: The petition of the superin-
tendent, principals, and masters of the public schools
of Boston, praying for the establishmentof anational
Bureau of Education.
By Mr. HULBURi3: The petition of 93 citizens of
Columbia county, New York, asking increase of duty
on imported flnT.
By Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia: The peti-
tion of Edgar T.Harris, asking that his name maybe
placed on the pension-list of the United States.
By Mr. McKEB: The petition of James Taylor, for
services as surgeon in the United States Army.
By Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts : The petition of
Davis Foster, lieutenant fourth Massachusetts vol-
unteers, for reimbursement for loss of clothing by
sinking of United States transport Fanning.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, May 22, 18GC.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Cray.
The Journal of yesterday was road and
approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a communication from the Secretary
of War, transmitting, in oompliancewith a res-
olution of the Senate of the 10th of January
last, information relative to the payment of S100
bounty to the ten regiments of Missouri State
militia mustered into the service of the United
States; which, on motion of Mr. Grimes, was
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed. "
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SUMNER. I present the petition of
Abraham Lansing, a citizen of Cambridge,
Massachusetts, asking for a pension on account
of services in the war of 1812, and very pecu-
liar injuries which he received, and from which
he is now in his old age suffering. I move the
reference of this petition to the Committee on
Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. At the same time I move
that the papers of Abraham Lansing, accom-
panying his petition for an invalid pension, pre-
sented in 18G0, be taken from the files of the
Senate and referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL presented twelve petitions
of citizens of Maine, and a petition of Samuel
Batchelder and other citizens of Massachusetts,
praying for an appropriation to repair the Uni-
ted States piers and other property at Saco,
Maine, and to improve the navigation of Saco
river; which were referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was
refer.-ed a bill (S. No. 207) to provide for the
equalization of the bounties to soldiers in the
late war of rebellion, reported it with an
amendment, and submitted a report in writing;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom the subject was referred,
reported a bill (S. No. 331) to prevent the
wearing of sheath-knives by American seamen ;
which «'a? vpad and passed to a second reading.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 835) supplementary to the several acts
relating to the establishment of the Treasury
Department; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous-
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 33G) granting lands to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad tmd telegraph line from Salt
Lake City to the Columbia river ; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
LIFE AND ACCIDENT INSURANCE COMPANY.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there
be no further morning business, the Chair will
call up the unfinished business of yesterday,
which is the bill (S. No. 290) to incorporate;
the National Life and Accident Insurance Com-
pany of the District of Columbia. The bill was
read yesterday, and is now before the Senate
as in Committee of the "Whole, and open to
amendment.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to ask the Senator
from Maine [Mr. Morrill] who has charge of
this bill, whether proper care is taken in regard
to the paying in of the stock of this company.
On reading the bill, it seems to me that care
is not taken that the capital stock of the com-
pany shall be paid in. I think these corpora-
tors ought to be held responsible at any rate
until the stock is paid in. The public ought
to have that security. Provision is made for
the payment of five dollars of the assessment,
and then five dollars more at the end of thirty
days ; but it seems to me there is no subsequent
provision requiring the stock to be paid up,
and they are exempted from personal liability.
In making these corporations, I think we ought
to be very careful to make corporations with
actual capital paid in. I throw out this as a
suggestion to the Senator. It does seem to me
that proper care is not taken that the capital
stock subscribed for shall be paid up.
Mr. MORRILL. The Senator from Illinois,
not now in his seat, [Mr. Yates,] reported
this bill. It was referred to him for examina-
tion, and lie reported that it was merely a
transcript of a similar bill, incorporating a
company of the same kind in the State of
Maryland, at Baltimore ; that the persons pre-
senting this bill had followed that law. It was
drawn, therefore, on the strength of that legis-
lation.
Mr. CLARK. I suggest that of all corpora-
tions in the -world a life insurance company
should be thoroughly guarded and made secure
to those people who are involved in it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I see here no security at
all that the capital shall be paid up.
Mr. CLARK. Of all corporations, those of
this character should be made thoroughly se-
cure, because if a man puts his earnings in a
corporation of this kind to be useful to his
heirs in case of his death, he wants it to be
made sure to those heirs.
Mr. MORRILL. As the Senator who re-
ported this bill is not in his seat, I move that
the further consideration of it be postponed
until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
HOMESTEADS IX SOUTHERN LAND STATES.
Mr. KTRKWOOD. I move to take up
House bill No. 85.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 85) for the dis-
