710
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
in the western States, not in my State—for I
am not speaking for her; her public lands
are all exhausted; but I am speaking for the
other States and Territories. V. e have been
through this experience ; and wc have got in
some portion of our State almost whole coun-
ties taken up by non-residents in this way, pre-
venting the settlement, preventing immigrants
from coming there, preventing the development
of the State; and I am now arguing for the pur-
pose of preventing ol her States and Territories
from having the same experience.
Mr. JOHNSON. From the organization of
Iowa as a Territory and up-to the present time,
"how much public land, either in the State or out
of the State, has Iowa received?
Mr. G-RIMES. I cannot state the precise
amount or number of acres, but 1 will state this:
that some of the Senator's constituents, and I
presume he was instrumental in passing the bill
through Congress, succeeded in securing a grant
of land to certain railroads in the State of iowa.
Those railroads are owned entirely by eastern
capitalists. One of the conditions of that grant
was that every alternate section of land along
1he line of those railroads should be increased
in value and raised from SI 25 an acre to 32 50
an acre; the result of which was that the settlers
who went upon the lands were compelled to pay
just double the price they would have paid if
the grant had not been made. If the Senator
regards that as a grant of land to Iowa, we
had, I think, somewhere in the neighborhood
of eighteen hundred thousand acres of land
granted ; but the Government is not injured by
it. The Government derives just as much rev-
enue from one half of the land that she would
have derived from the whole of the land if the
grant had not been made.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 did not suppose the
Government was injured: 1 only thought that
perhaps Iowa was benefited.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not see any deduction
that can legitimately be drawn f-om the inquiry
of the Senator, in connection with this bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. I think it is desirable, if
this bill is to become a law, to prevent the lo-
cation of the scrip in any one of the Slates at
all events. Willi thai view, I offer this amend-
ment 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Tomi>
i;oy in the chair.) There is a pending ques-
tion before the Senate by way of amendment
to an amendment. The amendment of the Sen-
ator from Delaware is an amendment to an
amendment.
Mr. RAMSEY. If that shall be rejected, I
propose to offer, as a proviso, that not over
one hundred thousand acres of this scrip shall
be located in any one State.
The PRES1 DING OFFICER. It will be in
order after a vote is taken on the amendment
of the Senator from Delaware.
Mr. CONFESS, f wish simply to say (hat
I concur in all that has been said by I he hon-
orable Senator from Iowa in regard to (his bill.
If the honorable Senator from Alassaclmsetis,
in the pursuit of his object, which is a worlhy
one, will show to the Senate the amount, de-
voted to public education hero bolh of while
children and colored children, and its insuf-
ficiency, I will vote with him any sum of money
• that is necessary to the support of a proper
system of education here from the national
Treasury; but 1 agree entirely with what the
Senator from Iowa has said: first, as to (he in-
sufficiency for purposes of education in the
District of a donation of lauds; nc.vi. as to the
mischievous results that will almost certainlv
flow from such a donation; and therefore I shall
vote against the amendments proposed and
against the bill.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. After years of ef-
fort we succeeded in grafting upon our law-sthe
principleot homesteads. It was a long contest,
in 1852 I ^remember voting for it in the lower
House. So far as this bill goes it repeals the
homestead principle.^ Most of the Senators are
aware of the great injury that the holding of
lands bynon-rcsidentspeculatorsinflictson the
new States. The Senator from Iowa has ex-
pressed that idea. It is the greatest infliction
that can be visited on a new State. This scrip
will depreciate in value, go into the hands of
speculators, the land will be entered by them :
and I desire to suggest that most of the land
will be located in the State that I represent.
We are the only State now that has large quan-
tities of desirable public land; and the idea of
locating a million acres of land in the State of
Kansas, a body of land forty miles square, to
be held indefinitely by non-residents is mon-
strous. Let me tell the Senator from Massa-
chusetts this is educating the children of this
District at the expense of the children of Kan-
sas and the new States. We cannot establish
schools -where such an amount of non-resident
land is held.
The Senator from Massachusetts will not vote
more heartily a sum of money to educate the
children of this District than I will. Let ih do
directly what he proposes, and vote the money.
1 was not aware that such a bill was before the
Committee on Public Lands, oi I should have
certainly appeared before that committee and
protested in the name of my State and my con-
stituents against it. It is true, as stated by the
Senator from Iowa, that so far as the money to
be realized from this land scrip is concerned, it
will be nothing. The proposition is to allow
a million acres of land to be held in the new
States by non-residents, resulting in no benefit
to the children of this District. I a«k Senators
to pause before passing this bill. Announcing
my willingness to vote any amount of money
ont of the public Treasury that is necessary to
educate the children of this District without
disliuetion of color, 1 ask the Senate to paust'
before passing this bill.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, if I believed
what some of Ihese Senators from the North-
west tell us, that this proposition to grant one
million out of nine hundred million acres of
public land for the benefit of schools was to
fall with crushing power upon the northwest-
ern States, and especially upon the State of the
Senator of Kansas, I should certainly not press
it on the Senate. 1 am among those who be-
lieve that God Almighty made the country for
those w ho occupy il. 1 ha\ e always voted and
I mean lo \ole, in spile of Ihe luurow gauge
thai, is biou^ht in here by some Senate) s to
ran upon, foi using the public land in Mich a
■nay that it will improve the condition of the
new States, educate their people, make internal
improvements, settle up those States, and im-
prove their condition in every way. I have so
voted here, and l mean to vote so as long as I
have a sent here.
Mr. LANK, of Kansas. Did you vote for the
homestead bill?
Air. WILSON. 1 voli-d for the homestead
bill, and am for the homestead bill. 1 have
be< u always Ibr it since i was al'le to compre-
hend everything connected with il. I will say
further than lhal, lhat I voted with the greatest
reluelanee for a bill passed here a year or two
ago making a large grant of land for agricul-
tural colleges. I did not believe in the wisdom
of it, and I have not seen yet that it was en-
tirely wise : but I know that the land granted
has realized about eighty cents to the acre to
the States. The scrip has sold and brought
that to the persons who have held it.
Mr. GRIMES. What States?
Air. \\ ILSON. Several of them got eiglilv
cents to the acre, and 1 have no doubt that this
-crip will bring about, that amount. We have
trot nine hundred million acres of public do-
main. and we have got the homestead law. i
The Senator from Kansas introduces almost
every olh<>r day some proposition for a grant
of land for railroads or some other improve-
ments in ihe Slate of lvansa-;. and I have been
accustomed to vote for all such measures, be-
cause I thought they developed the country,
and made the landr-mt we reserved and every-
body ehe's land more valuable. But now here
is a small measure to take a million acres out
of nine hundred million acres of land, for the
benefit of the schools of the District of Colum-
bia, the capital of this great nation, where we
ought to have good school-houses, pattern
houses, and where we ought to have good
teachers, and ought to have all our poor chil-
dren educated, ought to have the means by
which every poor white boy and black boy, too,
can obtain a good education.
Sir, I said the people of this District were
poor. The Senator from Iowa tells me that it
is one of the wealthiest districts in the country.
There may bo some men of wealth here 
Mr. GRIMES. I was npt talking about
wealthy men, but the wealth of the District,
the assessable property of the District.
Mr. WILSON. There is unquestionably
some property, but if you can find a poorer spot
on God's heritage than the District of Colum-
bia, I should like to have it pointed out. There
is an immense population here, black and white,
living from hand to mouth, r :ady to do any sort
of thing to get the means to get through the
day and the night, and who wake up the next
day without anything to begin upon. I believe
that our policy in erecting these public build-
ings, this very Capitol where we are assembled,
has brought to the District a great many labor-
ing men who have poor families. If these la-
boring men were in Philadelphia, New York,
Boston, or in almost any other part of the coun-
try, their children would have the means of edu-
cation ; here it, is very difficult, to obtain them.
I want, to give them the means; and as the Dis-
trict of Columbia is under our control, I think
we ought to aid them in it. The Senator from
California suggests we shall not get it.
Air. CONN ESS. Not in this wav.
Air. WILSON. Wc shall get, at least seven or
eight hundred thousand dollars for educational
purposes out of this measure. I have not a
doubt of it.
Air. CONNESS. Will the Senator permit
mo to say a word?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Air. CONNESS. As 1 do not wish to occupy
any time again on the subject, I wish to call the
Senator's attention to how this matter of dona-
tion of lauds for purposes of education works.
In 1850, when California became a State of the
Union, she fell heir to five hundred thousand
acres of land, which was a donation made, I
believe, by law in 18-11, for purposes of internal
improvements; but California, as she thought
wisely, in her constitution devoted that laud lo
the purposes of education. Sixteen years have
transpired since the State came to have a nom-
inal title, such as this act would give to the
District, of Columbia, to those lands, and in that
time live thousand acres of the five hundred
thousand acres have been set apart by the Gov-
ernment, of the United States to the Stale of
California—five thousand of the five hundred
thousand acrcs in sixteen years! The State
issued scrip, as the District of Columbia prob-
ably will if this act shall pass, and it has resulted
in complications that uo person can understand
nor even render clearnow. After sixteen years
five thousand acres of land are all of the five
hundred thousand that have been set apart by
the Government of- the United States for the
purposes of education. I tell the Senator, be-
cause 1 am equally earnest with him to aid in
educating the cliildrcn of this District, to ask
for money - o that you can get education, for
you cannot get it from land, in my opinion.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I should like to ask
the Senator from Massachusetts a question: he
stated that I was in the daily habit of introdu-
cing bills -- -
Mr. WILSON. Every other day.
Air. LANE, of Kansas. The railroad grants.
Each of those bills provides that the odd sec-
tions shall be given to the railroads, and the
even sections shall be increased in value double,
and sold for $'2 50 per acre. There is no pro-
vision in this bill from my reading of it that pre-
vents the cilies of Georgetown and "Washington
from taking that particular land that we hold at
§2 50 per acre, so that instead of granting them,
a million acres of land at SI 2o you grant them
