1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
M95
the duties on linseed, flaxseed, hempseed, rapeseed,
und upon oils manufactured therefrom, as provided
in tlio bill; a reduction of the duty on railroad iron
to seventy cents per hundred pounds; a reduction
of all other rates embodi<-d~in the bill to a standard
not higher than the actual necessities of the interests
affected thereby require, not exceeding in any case
twenty-five per cent, above the rates now fixed by
law; and section fourteen, and all subsequent sec-
tions, with such changes as previous modifications
may require, if any.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman to accept
the following as a modification of his proposi-
tion :
Resolved, That the committee rise and report the
bill to the House with the recommendation that the
same be recommitted to the Committee of Ways and
Means with instructions to report the same back at
the next session, with such modifications and changes
ns they may see fit.
Mr. WILSON", of Iowa. I cannot accept it.
Mr. ROSS. I have an amendment which
must be acted on before any motion to rise can
be entertained. I move to strike out "thirty-
five hundred" and insert "twenty-five hun-
dred ; " so that the section will read as follows:
Sec. 23. And be it further enacted. That there shall
be established in and attached to the Department of
the Treasury a bureau to be styled the Bureau of
Statistics, and the Secretory of the Treasury is hereby
authorized to appoint a Director to superintend and
conduct, the business of said bureau, who shall be
paid an annual salary of $2,500.
Mr. Chairman, I have no remark to make
farther than this is another effort to reduce the
expenses of the Government.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. If the gentleman
from Vermontr-\yill give me an opportunity to
offer the resolution in the House, I will now
withdraw it.
Mr. MORRILL. I will. I move that the
•committee now rise and report the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Scofield re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had, according to order,
had under consideration bill of the House No.
718, to provide increased revenue from im-
ports. and for other purposes, and had directed
liim to report the same back to the House with
sundry amendments.
And then, on motion of Mr. MORRILL, (at
four o'clock and fifty minutes p. m.,)the House
adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under
the rule and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. MYERS: The petition of Samuel Wilson,
Isaac Mann, and 46 others, residents of Frankford,
Philadelphia, employed in manufacturing establish-
ments, for the passage of an amended tariff bill to
protect American labor.
Also, the petition of William B. Goatcs, of Phila-
delphia. setting forth that on his application, the
Navy Department granted him permission to test his
submarine battery, and after putting him to expense
failed to give him the cooperation required, and ask-
' ing Congress for a grant of money to test his inven-
tion or purchase it.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, July 10, 1866.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
On motion of Mr. HENDRICKS, and by
unanimous consent, the reading of the Journal
of yesterday was dispensed with.
petition's and memorials.
Mr. MORGAN presented the petition of the
New York and Virginia Steamship Company,
praying for payment for the steamers Yorktown
and Jamestown, which were seized by the rebels
in 1861 and converted into gunboats and used
by the rebel government; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented a memorial of the Cham-
ber of Commerce of the State of New York,
praying for the passage of a bill securing uni-
formity in the postal system of the different
nations of the civilized world, by declaring
that the half ounce avoirdupois shall, for postal
purposes, be deemed and taken as the equiva-
lent of fifteen gramme's of the metric weight;
which was referred to the select committee on
coinage, weight's, ami measures.
He also presented resolutions of the Cham-
ber of Commerce of the State of New York, in
favor of the passage of the joint resolution now
pending before the Senate repealing so much
of the act relative to steamship service between
California and China as requires the mail
steamship line between the United States and
China to touch at the Sandwich Islands ; which
were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. NYE presented the memorial of James
Roach, praying for compensation for services
rendered in Ireland during the late rebellion
in behalf of this country; which was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
fenian movement.
Mr. STEWART. I offer tho following con-
current resolution, and ask for its considera-
tion at this time:
ftesofvedbu the Senate Jthc,Home of Representatives
concurring,) That the President be, and is hereby,
requested to interpose the good offices of the United
States to procure the release and discharge of per-
sons now held in the Canadas and elsewhere under
the authority of the Government of Great Britain,
charged with participation in the so-called Fenian
movement.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senate is rather
thin now.
Mr. STEWART. Very well; I will consent
to let the resolution lie on the table for the
present.
reports of committees.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia, to whom wore
referred sundry petitions and memorials of
officers of the Army of tho United States,
praying for an increase of compensation, asked
to be discharged from their further considera-
tion ; which was agreed to.
'bills introduced.
Mr. POLAND asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
416) extending time to the Alabama and Florida
Railroad Company for the payment of duties on
railroad iron ; which was read twice by its title
and referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WADE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
417) to incorporate the Washington and George--
town Ferry Company; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
california land titles.
Mr. SAULSBURY. In pursuance of a notice
which I gave yesterday, I ask leave to introduce
a bill with a view to its reference to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Leave was granted to introduce a bill (S. No.
415) to amend an act entitled "An act to grant
the right of preemption to certain purchasers
on (lie Soscol ranch, in the State of Califor-
nia; " and it was read twice by its title.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will say to the Sen-
ator from Delaware that that question lias been
somewhat considered by the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, and properly, I suppose, belongs to
that committee, though I have no choice about
the committee to which it shall go.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pend-
ing motion is that of the Senator from Dela-
ware, that it be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope the Senator will
consent to let it go to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I am aware that the
matter has been -before the Committee on Pub-
I lie Lands, and this is a bill to amend an act
! reported by that committee. I know nothing
| about the case myself; I only present the bill
at the request of parties who feel a deep inter-
est in it, and who desire, as there are questions
of law involved in it, and they suppose that the
Attorney General has given an opinion, that it
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Personally it make=1io difference to me to what
committee it is referred j but as there are ques-
tions of law involved, it is proper, I apprehend,
that it should go to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. STEWART. I do not think it involves
any questions of law more than any ordinary
legislation in relation to public lands. The
matter has been before the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands in various forms of legislation. There
is no question of law involved in the proposed
bill that I know of more than in ordinary legis-
lation connected with the publis lands.
Mr. SAULSBURY. The honorable Senator
may not be aware now, because, he may not
have thoroughly examined the subject, that
there are questions of law involved in it, and
yet, although he is not aware of the fact that
such questions are involved, it is possible that
there may be. It is true the Committee on
Public Lands have had this subject before
them; and this is a bill contemplating an
amendment to an act which, was reported by
that committee originally, and which has been
passed by both Houses. There are questions
of law involved, so much so that it has been
thought to, be necessary to take the opinion of
the Attorney General.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask the Senator from
Delaware if this bill contemplates a review of
the opinion expressed by the Attorney General
in regard to existing laws. Does it involve a
reexamination of the questions that were once
presented to the Attorney General?
Mr. SAULSBURY. _ I know nothing about
the bill further than this; it was placed in my
hands to be offered to the Senate by gentlemen
who feel a deep interest in the matter, and who
wish to have the judgment of the Committee
on the Judiciary upon the questions of law
which they sav necessarily arise in the ease.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then we had better
let it go there.
Mr. CONNESS. I have moved that this bill
be referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
I want to have a vote upon that question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
a motion already pending that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
That' motion is yet undisposed of.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope that reference will
not be ordered. This is a-bill to amend a
former act relating to public lauds, and I hope
it will go to the Committee on Public Lands,
and not to the Judiciary Committee, as now
mo^ed.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Without knowing wl^at
this bill provides, it is impossible to say which
committee it ought to go to. The Committee
on Public Lands reported a bill two or three
years ago, and it became a law, regulating the
rights of the settlers upon what is called the
Soscol ranch, in California—a very valuable
piece of land. The contestants brought their
eases before the General Land Office, and a
decision was there made. The question went
to the Secretary of the Interior, and he took
the opinion of the Attorney General upon the
construction of the law that, was passed two or
three years ago, as I understand it. It this
bill intends to change the law in view of the
decision of the Attorney General, I think it
ought to go to the Committee on the Judiciary,
if that is the effect of the proposition ; but if
it is simply a bill regulating tiie public lands
in California it seems to me it ought to go to
the Land Committee.
Mr. CONNESS. I will say to .the Senator,
before he closes, that it does not propose that
at all, but proposes to amend the former act.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the amendment rests
upon the opinion of the Attorney General, 1
suppose it ought to go to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. CONNESS. I call for the reading of
the bill. ["Oh, no."] It is very short, con-
taining only one section.
The Secretary read the bill, as follows ;
Be it enacted, &c„ That an act entitled "An act to
grant the right of preemption to certain purchasers
on the Soscol ranch, in the State of California," ap-
proved March 3, 1863, be, and the same is hereby,
amended bv adding the folb.wini' proviso to section
