1866.
THE CONGBESSIOFAL GLOBE.
2735
posal of the public lands for homestead actual
settlement in the States of Alabama, Missis-
sippi, Louisiana, Arkansas, and Florida.
It provides that hereafter all the public lands
in the States of Alabama, Mississippi, Louisi-
ana, Arkansas, and Florida shall be disposed
of according to the stipulations of the home-
stead law of 20th May, 1862, entitled "An act
to secure homesteads to actual settlers on the
public domain," and the act supplemental
thereto, approved 21st of March, 1864, but
with this restriction, that no entry shall be
made for more than a half quarter section, or
eighty acres ; and in lieu of the sum of ten
dollars required to be paid, there shall be paid
the sum of five dollars at the time of the issue
of cach patent; and that the public lands in
those States shall be disposed of in no other
manner after the passage of this act. No dis-
tinction or discrimination is to be made in the
construction or execution of this act on ac-
count of race or color; and no mineral lands
are to be liable to entry and settlement under
its provisions.
The first amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands was to insert in line
twenty, after the word ''lands" in the pro-
viso at the end of the bill, the words '' or
lands mainly valuable for timber and not suit-
able for cultivation ;" so that the proviso will
read:
And provided further. That no mineral lands or
lands mainly valuable for timber and not suitable
forcultivation shall be liable to entry and settlement
under its provisions.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment reported by the com-
mittee was to add as an additional section the
following:
And be it further enacted, That the person apply-
ing: for the benefit of this act shall, upon application
to the register of the land office in which he or she
is about to make such entry, make affidavit before
the said register or receiver that he or she is the head
of a family, or is twenty-one years or more of age, or
shall have performed service in the ArmjrorNavy
of the United States, and that such application is
made forhisorherexclusiveiiseandbenefit.nnd that
said entry is made for the purpose of actual settle-
ment and cultivation, and not either directly or in-
directly for the use or benefit of any other person or
persons whomsoever; and upon filing the said affi-
davit with the register or receiver, and on payment
offive dollars, hcor she shall thereupon bepermitted
to enter the amount of land specified: Provided,
however. That no certificate shall be given, or patent
issued thereior, until the expiration of five years from
the date of such entry; and if, at the expiration of
such tune or at any time within two years thereafter,
the person making such entry, or if he be dead, his
widow; or in case of her death, his heirs or devisee;
or in ense of a widow making such entry, her heirs
or devisee, in case of her death, shall prove by two
credible witnesses that he. she, or they have resided
upon or cultivated the same for the term of five years
immediately succeeding the time of filing the affi-
davit aforesaid, and shallmakeaffidavitthat no part
of said land has been alienated, and that he will bear
true allegiance to the Government of the "United
States; then, in such case, he. she, or they, if at the
time a citizen of the United States, shall be entitled
to a patent, as in other cases provided by law: And
provided further. That in case of the death of both
father and mother, leaving an infant child or chil-
dren under twenty-one years of age, the right and fee
shall inure to the benefit of said, infant child or
children ; a,nd the executor, administrator, or guard-
ian may, at any time within two years after the
death of the surviving parent, and in accordancewith
tho laws of the State in which such children, for the
time being, havetheir domicile, sell said land for the
benefit of said infants, but for no other purpose; and
the purchaser ihhall acquire the absolute title by the
purchase, and be entitled to a patent from the United
States on the payment of the office fees and sum of
money herein specified.
Mr. POMEROY. I think it my duty, at any
rate, to inform the Senate what this amend-
ment is, and how it changes tho old law. It
changes the old law only in one respect, I think.
The old law obliges the person availing himself
of the benefit of the homestead act to take an
oalh that he has never been engaged in the
rebellion. If this amendment shall be adopted
and become the law, he will have to swear that
he will bear, in the future, true allegiance to the
Government of the United States. In other
words, it allows poor men who have been
engaged in the rebellion to get eighty acres
of land of the public domain by taking an oath
that they will hereafter bear true allegiance to
the Government of the United States. That is
the essential modification. He is to occupy
and cultivate and have continued possession
of the land for five years before receiving title
to it. It was discussed for some time in com-
mittee, and it was the opinion of the com-
mittee, nearly unanimous, perhaps quite so,
that no better provision could be made for
poor men who had been engaged in the rebel-
lion tlian to let them have eighty acres of land
on the public domain, even though they take
simply an oath that they will hereafter bear
true and faithful allegiance to the Government
of the United States. As the law now is, all
who have been engaged in the rebellion are
excluded from the public domain. The com-
mittee were of opinion that this amendment
might be justified under the circumstances. I
thought I otight to state that to the Senate,
because this amendment repeals, in fact, so
much of the old law as debarred the rebels
from homestead settlement on the public
domain.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as an
additional section the following:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That all the pro-
visions of the said homestead law, and the act amend-
atory thereof, approved March 21,1864, so far as the
same maybe applicable, except so far as the same
are modified by the preceding sectionsof thisaet, are
applied to and made part of this act as fully as if
herein enacted and set forth.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. There was one point
in which I could not agree with the committee,
and that is, that in the States named in the bill
no person shall be allowed to acquire under
the homestead law more than eighty acres of
land. I think that is unnecessary. I think the
experience of the western country shows that
one hundred and sixty acres of land is desira-
ble to make a good farm upon, and I do not
see any occasion for reducing tho amount in
these States below that allowed in other States
to be acquired under the homestead law. I
therefore move to amend the first section by
striking out all after the word "sixty-four"
in line ten down to and including the word
"patent" in the fifteenth line, so that the party
will be allowed to enter one hundred and sixty
instead of eighty acrcs of land. My observa-
tion teaches me, and I think the Senator from
Iowa, who has charge of this bill will agree, that
farmers desire, as far as possible, to secure as
much as one hundred and sixty acres of land.
I will remark to the Senate that by this bill
th'e public lands in these southern States can-
not be acquired in any other mode than under
the homestead law. Farmers down there will
not hereafter be able to buy any lands for their
families and for their children, but the children
will have to secure lands for themselves under
the homestead law. I am not entirely sure
that that is good policy, but certainly it is going
too far to say that a man shall not in any event,
for himself and his children, secure more than
eighty acres. I do not think it tends to develop
the prosperity of the country so to restrict the
purchase. Under the law of the United States
lands that are liable to private entry may be
purchased at one entry to the extent of a sec-
tion of land. This is a great reduction to go
down to one hundred and sixty acres, but to
say that only eighty acres shall be purchased
under the homestead law is going entirely too
far, I think.
Mr. POMEEOY. I will state in a single
word the views of the committee on that sub-
ject. This bill came to us from the House of
Representatives. They considered the matter;
and in view of the fact that in the States named
there is a great,landless population of loyal
men, colored men, lately slaves who have for
a lifetime been shut out from the public lands,
and almost all the valuable land in these States
has already been acquired and taken possession
of in large estates by the first settlers, the white
people, the object of this bill is to cut the pub-
lic land up into small homesteads; and it need
not be disguised that it is aimed particularly
for the benefit of the colored men. those who
have not been able hitherto to acquire home-
steads on the public domain in these States.
There is not a great quantity of public land left
there, but it was the view of the committee,
that what was left should be by^ law cut up into
small farms not exceeding eighty acres, and
that without distinction of color every citizen
of the United States should ha,ve the right to
hold and to enjoy and after five years have a
title to eighty acres of the public land.
Mr. WADE. I wish to ask the Senator to
what States this provision applies.
Mr. POMEROY. It applies to all the States
in rebellion that have got public lands, namely,
Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, Arkansas,
and Florida. Texas has no public land. We
only include in this bill those States that have
got public lands. The object of the bill is
simply to allow a class of population who are
now shut out from the public lands, to acquire,
if this bill should become law, eighty acres for
themselves, under the homestead bill, and only
eighty.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. The chairman of the
committee has stated very correctly the idea
of the committee in reporting the bill as it
stands; and yet, since the bill has been re-
ported by the committee, I have been induced
somewhat to change my own opinion upon this
point, not for the reasons alluded to by the
Senator from Indiana, but for others that I Will
now state. Since the bill was reported I have
had a conversation with a gentleman from
Florida, which is one of the States included in
this bill. He suggested to me this idea, which
seems to me to be reasonable: he says that if
we restrict the amount of a homestead in these
States to eighty acres, leaving the amount of a
homestead in other States at one hundred and
sixty acres, our action will tend to divert immi-
gration from the States named. For instance,
the commissioner of immigration of Iowa, if
we have such an officer, is in New \ork, and
there is a similar officer or agent there from
Florida, each endeavoring to induce immigra-
tion to his State. The agent of Iowa says to
the immigrant, " If you go to Iowa you can get
a homestead of one hundred and sixty acres
of the public land;" and the agent of Florida
says, "If you come to Florida you can get a
homestead of eighty acres of the public land,
and only that much.'' The result, as lie argued
—and if seemed to me very forcibly argued—
would be that immigrants seeking homesteads
would go to those States in which they could
secure one hundred and sixty acres of land,
and would pass by those States in which they
could get only eighty acres of land. This ar-
gument, when presented to me. struck me very
forcibly. Although I may not agree with some
Senators in regard to some matters concerning
these seceded States, I certainly do not desire
to do them any injustice; I do not desire to
take any action that will injure their material
interests, and I am strongly inclined, for tho
reason stated by me, to agree with the Se«ator
from Indiana that it would not be good policy
to restrict the homesteads in these States to
eighty acres. If we do so it will certainly give
to those States where there are public lands
in which the homestead is not restricted the
advantage of inducing immigrants to go to
those States, and it will tend io keep emigra-
tion from the States named in this bill. For
this reason, therefore, although I felt other-
wise in committee, I am now strongly disposed
to favor the amendment offered by the Senator
from Indiana. I think it would be but fair to
these States.
Mr. POMEROY. The reasons that seem to
have influenced the Senator from Iowa do not
operate upon me. We ought to bear in mind
that these lands have been in market for a long
time, and no foreigner coming to this country
is going to be attracted to the southern States
that have been in rebellion on account of the
public lands. If foreigners are attracted^ there,
it is for other reasons. They go there, if they
go at all. to take possession of abandoned
homesteads, or of large homesteads that are
being cut up, where the Government has no
title," where the Government parted with its
