296
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 24,
Ho. of Reps.
Basis of Representation—Mr. Schenck.
39th Cong....1st Sess.
be safely uttered that sublimest aphorism of
our own national faith, and the very one with
which we had propitiated the ear of Heaven in
our imprecations for national life, "that all
men were created equal." It was aland made
of Heaven, rich and beautiful as the vale of
Cashmere; but whose moral terrors had be-
come as deadly as the fabled horrors of that
land of the Britons where the ground was cov-
ered with serpents ; the air such that none could
breathe it and live; whither fishermen ferried
goblins at midnight, and where the speech of
the dead was constantly heard by the mariners.
It was a land where the best precepts of Wil-
berforce and Washington could generally not
be uttered with safety to life; and where that
last, best petition sent by Franklin to the Amer-
ican Congress could be whispered neither by
men nor by the children, neither in the ear of
nation nor of God; a land where the experi-
ences of the citizen who would avow or would
not discard the bestprecepts of his own national
faith and religion can, without exaggeration,
be told in that strangely sublime recital of the
sufferings of the good men of other ages who
suffered tortures, cruel mockings, and scour-
gings, bonds and imprisonment; who were
stoned, sawn asunder, slain with the sword ;
who wandered in deserts, mountains, dens, and
caves of the earth, being destitute, afflicted,
tormented.
And now, Mr. Speaker, since the people
have poured out an offering of blood such as
Liberty never had before upon her altars, to
tlie end that the people might be free and safe
throughout our country, the heart of the nation
is again already sinking and sickening at the
reappearance of that same reign of violence
and terror which so cursed the land before.
The sad and unwelcome fact is again being
forced upon the attention of the nation that
its own truly loyal citizens cannot safely dwell
or go into all parts of their own country. It
is becoming more manifest each day that the
higher the evidences of the citizen's loyalty to
his country, and the greater his sacrifices of
blood made for that country, the less secure
these citizens are now in attempting to abide
in or even to go into vast portions of the coun-
try which their own blood has just delivered.
In this Hall where I now speak, and within a
few days of the time when I speak, one who
was once a member of this House, and later
a provisional governor of his State, and whose
deserved eminence comes from his unconquer-
able loyalty, startled you and the country by
the announcement that he could not return
with safety to his home because that treason
had prohibited his abode in the State of which
he is the most illustrious patriot.
Another sad proof of this return of the reign
of proscription and of murder has just been
taken in-vicksburg under the order of this
House. Its horrid enormities, in the massacre
of a defenseless people, in the exposure and
mutilation of their dead bodies, in the burning
of theirhomes, schools, and churches, make one
of the darkest pages in the annals of barbarism.
Sir, in every country and in every age the
grave of a nation's soldiery has been the na-
tion's shrine—a shrine whither science and art
and song have ever repaired as rivals, emulous
to bestow their choicest treasures; a shrine
where gratitude and religion have sat together
watching as sleepless vestals forever; a shrine
where—
" Honor comes, a pilgrim gray.
To deck the sod that wraps their clay."
But, Mr. Speaker, already to-day, when the
first daisy which God planted upon the grave
of the American soldier is scarcely dead, their
comrades dare not go thither to strew them
with new flowers because treason and an officer
of the American Army forbid it. Sir, from
nearly every part of that beautiful land—land
of the orange and the magnolia—the soldier of
the Eepublic and the friends of your Govern-
ment are being driyen to-day.
Mr. Speaker, the nation must protect its citi-
zens or else perish, Eefuse or fail, and your
country sinks into the deserved contempt of
the nation, and of its own people. In that
contempt, should it come—which Heaven in
mcrcy forbid—the Eepublic will find its grave.
Members of the Thirty-Ninth Congress, I
entreat you to pass the bill. In it help to com-
plete that circle of constitutional and legal
defenses which the new nation must have.
Fellow-members, may it be our peerless honor
to provide these defenses. Let them be made,
in their amplitude, their strength, their virtue,
and their adaptation, not in the interests of a
single race, government, continent, or age;
but in the interests of humanity, God, and the
ages. And then, in that circle of laws, when
complete, protecting everywhere all the rights
of all the people, behold that shield of the na-
tion, beautiful and indurant as the shield of
Achilles; part of the
"Arms which the Father of the fires bestowed
Forged on th' eternal anvils of the god"—
a shield which shall cover the nation's head
as well in the hour of peace as of battle, as
well in the day of prosperity as of disaster.
For you have covered the nation's head when
you have covered the head of her children.
Basis of Representation.
SPEECH OF HON. R. C. SCHENCK,
OF OHIO,
IX THE HotTSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
January 2-1, 1866,
On the proposition to amend the Constitution of the
United States, establishing the basis of represen-
tation.
Mr. SCHENCK said:
Mr. Speaker: I do not propose to address
the House at any length on the subject we have
now before us; but I do regard this discussion
as in every sense a most interesting and impor-
tant one. Earlyin the debate, if I could have
obtained the floor, I should have been glad to
enter into the matter somewhat at large. I
propose to confine myself to some two or three
remarks on the condition of the question, and
on the two antagonistic schemes presented for
remedying what is admitted, at least by all on
this side of the House, to be a great evil.
It is not a new thing for me, sir, to feel an
interest in this subject. By the present Consti-
tution of the United States there is a provision
for an unequal system of representation which,
now that slavery, the cause of it, has gone, wo
propose also to get rid of. This evil was felt
long before slavery was itself, by the late amend-
ment to the Constitution'of the United States,
abolished throughout the whole broad expanse
of this land; and if I may be permitted to refer
to my own part in the treatment of this question,
at a day much earlier than this, I will show by
reference to an argument which I submitted
seventeen years and a half ago in the House of
Representatives of the United States I man-
ifested, for one, a determination I felt then, in
common with others, that this evil of unequal
representation should be spread no further;
just as upon the same principle I would now
get rid of it altogether.
I will, at the risk of being considered egotis-
tical in repeating myself, send up to the Clerk's
desk a short extract from a speech I made here
the 1st of August, 1848. A bill was then pend-
ing and -under consideration to organize a gov-
ernment for Oregon, a territorial government.
During the discussion of that bill it was proposed
by_ a gentleman from tho South, then a Represent-
ative upon this floor, to amend so as to author-
ize the carrying of their property into Oregon.
I was among those who would not object to the
taking of property there, including slaves held
as such by the laws prevailing in certain sec-
tions of the Union, because I well understood,
or believed, that the act of taking slaves to Ore-
gon would be of itself their manumission. This
suggestion brought another gentleman from the
South to the aid of his friend, who moved fur-
ther to amend by a provision that all property
carried there should still be held as property.
On this sprung up a long debate, involving the
whole policy in regard to the Territories in con-
nection with the exclusion of slavery from them
and the effect of carrying slave property into
what was the common heritage and under the
common jurisdiction of the national Govern-
ment. I ask the Clerk to read the paragraphs
I have marked from that speech.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"But, sir, regarding this as a political question
purely, or one, if you will, of political power, there is
a thing connected with slavery to which we cannot
and will not bo blind. It is the advantage in Fed-
eral representation which it gives. This much wo do
know in the free States, if wo know nothing else: that
a_ man at the vSoutli_, with his hundred slaves, counts
sixty-one in the weight of influence and power upon
this floor, while a man at the North with his hundred
farms counts but one. Sir, we want no more of that;
and, with the help of God and our own firm purpose,
we will have no more of it. Therefore, above all, it
is that we want no more slave territory. That is a
sufficient and conclusive reason, if there were no
other; and it might as well be distinctly understood
first as last. I am for no Missouri compromise, nor
for compromises on this subject of any character. I
want the principles of the great ordinance of 1787,
prohibiting slavery, extended over all the territory
owned or acquired by us. I would to God there had
been no such acquisition. I have opposed, in all my
time here, from tho beginning, every scheme of an-
nexation and all forms of territorial conquest and
extension: but when, by the greater power of others,
such acquisition comes, 1 am determined that with
my vote there never shall come with it anything but
free and equal institutions." * * * *
" Sir, shall I illustrate, to show that we understand
this matter? There is the district of the houorablo
gentleman from South Carolinawho would amend so
as to extend slavery into Oregon. I have not consulted
the census to see how it maybe in his particular case,
but he probably represents some live, or six, or eight
thousand voters. N ow th ere are about eighteen thou-
sand voters in my district—eighteen thousand free
white male adult citizens. These eighteen thousand
freemen h ave one voice and one vote—I would it were
an able one—on this floor. Thefive thousand or eight
thousandinSouthCarolinahavethesame. On every
bill or resolution, or othersubject of legislation here,
the eighteen thousand in Ohio can say ay or no once
and no more, whilo one third or one half that num-
ber in South Carolina have also their ay or no. Wo
do not complain of this. I wish it were not so. But
so it was arranged, so agreed that it sh ould be, by our
fathers when they framed the Constitution; and wo
will hold by that agreement in all good faith, and sub-
mit to it as part of the price paid for this Union. But
lot there be no more slave territory, to make moro
slave States, to give us more of this slave representa-
tion and inequality of weight in the councils of tho
nation."
Mr. SCHENCK. Those were my opinions
then, entirely coincident with what I think and
feel now, with this difference, that then slavery
existed. Then we could only guard the Territo-
ries in such manner as to exclude from them an
institution which should build up 'more of the
unequal relative representation already pro-
vided for among tho States under the Constitu-
tion. Now, sir, anothertime has come. Dissat-
isfied with the condition of things as then exist-
ing, dissatisfied with the constitutional guaran-
tees they had, dissatisfied with the spirit exhib-
ited by the free States, which only asked that
slavery might be extended no further, but were
willing to stand by the Constitution and not in-
fringe upon any of the rights secured locally or
sectionally to the people of the South, these slave
States rushed into war to get something better.
The consequence has been that instead of getting
further ana greater securities for slavery,instead
of being able to carry out their purposes of ag-
gression upon freedom and upon the free States,
theirwhole institution has come tottering down,
thank God! and we are now standing here in our
places to determine what provisions we shall
make in the midst of the ruin of their favored
system so as to prevent the perpetual mischiefs
which it carried with it while in existence.
Whatever was said, therefore, at that time
with regard to Territories is to be said nffw with
regard to States. There is no longer any slavery,
and there being no slavery, wo ask that alohg
with the institution which was the cause of this
unequal representation the unequal representa-
tion itself shall be utterly wiped out.
