1776
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
United States at any time, and who are now
living, citizens of the United States, and, as
such, citizens of the States in which they may
respecthely reside, and confers upon them all
the rights belonging to those who have here-
tofore been considered citizens of the States
in which they may reside. Now, Mr. Presi-
dent, you are not to be told that the only ex-
press authority conferred upon the Congress
of the United States in relation to citizenship,
that is to say in relation to the power of con-
verting one who is not a citizen into a citizen,
is the authority to be found in the delegation
to Congress of the power of passing uniform
laws on the subject of naturalization. There
is not a single word in the Constitution which
gives to this department of the Government,
or to any other department of the Government,
any power to declare who shall be a citizen of
the (Jnited States. What is the effect of the
exercise of the power to pass uniform laws on
the subject of naturalization ? What was the
design of the power? What is the operation
of the power when it is exerted ? The design of
the power is to remove the disabilities arising
from the fact of alienage, and nothing else.
The operation of the power is to place the
party, whose disability arising from alienage
is removed by virtue of the naturalization laws,
in the same condition with anybody else ; but
"whether he is to be considered as a citizen of
a State of the United States by virtue of the
removal of the disabilities consequent upon his
taking advantage of the naturalization laws,
presents an entirely different inquiry.
Perhaps I can make the view which I should
otherwise present in my own language more
apparent to the Senate and to the country by
reading from an opinion in the Dred Scott case
■—not that opinion pronounced by the majority
of the court, which has been so often, as I
think, shamelessly perverted to the dispar-
agement, not only of the majority who sanc-
tioned that opinion, but of the very admirable
lawyer by whom the opinion was pronounced ;
but the opinion of Mr. Justice Curtis, in which
he differed from that of the majority—an opin-
ion iull of learning and as able as any opinion
ever pronounced by any judge of that or any
other tribunal. The question which, in that
part of the opinion that I am about to quote,
he was discussing, was, whether Dred Scott was
a citizen entitled to sue in the courts of the Uni-
ted States. The majority of the court decided
that in consequence of the blood which was
supposed to run in his veins, and was alleged
to run in iiis veins by the plea, that is, the Afri-
can blood, he being descended from an Afri-
can ancestor who came to the United States as
a slave, he could not become a citizen of the
United States. Mr. Justice Curtis held that
the Constitution of the United States assumes
that citizenship may be acquired by nativity.
That is the common law, that is the law of the
civilized world, that he who is born in a coun-
try, and not made a slave at the moment he is
born by any municipal regulation, becomes, by
virtue of his birth, a citizen; but he by no
means held that his being a citizen of the Uni-
ted States by virtue of his birth made him a
citizen of any State of the United States. Let
me read a sentence or two from his opinion.
That part of the opinion to which I refer will
be found in 19 Howard, page 577 and onward.
After having stated, and no doubt stated cor-
rectly. that at the adoption of the Constitution
of the United States there were five States in
which persons of color were entitled to the
right of suffrage, and in which, therefore, they
participated in the deliberations of the States
by whom the Convention was authorized, and
afterward in the conventions of the several
States by which the Constitution itself was sanc-
tioned, lie came to this conclusion:
" And my opinion is, that under the Constitution
of the United State?, every free person born on tho
soil of a State, who is a citizen of that State by force
ot its constitution or laws, is also a citizen of the
United states."
_ Mark the qualification. It is not nativity that
imparts tho character of citizenship alone. There
. must be added to the fact of nativity, the other
fact, that at the time of his birth he is, by the
laws of the State in which he is born, a citizen;
and the two things occurring, birth and citizen-
ship, by the laws of the State, he becomes, by
virtue of the two, a citizen of the United States.
If there coiild be any doubt that I correctly in-
terpret that part of his opinion, that doubt seems
to be removed by subsequent portions of it, to
which I will now call the attention of the Sen-
ate. He says:
"The first section of the second article of the Con-
stitution uses the language, ' a natural-born citizen.'
It thus assumes that citizenship may be acquired by
birth."
And then he goes on to state that that is the
rule everywhere, and proceeds:
" The Constitution having recognized the rule that
personsborn within theseveral States arc citizensof
the United States, one of four things must bo truo."
I beg the attention of my friend from Illinois
to this. I do not know that he has seen the
opinion with reference to this question. The
Constitution assuming that there may be citizen-
ship by virtue of birth where the law of the State
in which the birth occurred confers upon the
party born the character of citizen, and—■
"The Constitution having recognized the rule that
persons born within the several States arc citizens of
the U nited States, one of four things must be true."
What are they ?
"1. That thcConstitutionitselfhas described what
native-born personsshall or shall not be citizens of
the United States; or,
"2. That it has empowered Congress to do so; or,
"3. That all free persons, born within tho several
States, are citizens of the United States; or,
"4. That it is left to each State to determine what
free persons, born within its limits, shall be citizens
of such State, and thereby"—
What I emphasize is italicized by the judge—
" be citizens of the United States."
I will not read everything that he says in're-
lation to the alternatives, but only portions :
"If there be such a thing as citizenship of the
United States acquired by birth within the States,
wliit h the Constitution expressly recognizes, and no
one denies, then these four alternatives embrace the
entire subject, and it only remains to select that one
which is true.
"That the Constitution itselfha3 defined citizenship
of the United States by declaring what persons, born
within the several States, shall or shall not bo citi-
zens of the United States, will not be pretended. It
contains no such declaration. We may ditmiss the
first alternative as without doubt unfounded."
That, is to say, the Constitution has not stated,
or, to^ use the language of his question, the
Constitution has not prescribed what native-
born persons shall or shall not be citizens of
the United States. The proposition, to use
his own, language again, may be dismissed as
a proposition wholly unfounded. If that is
untrue, then is the other proposition true ? If
it does not of itself declare who are to be citi-
zens of tho States, and thereby citizens of the
United States, is there anything in tho Consti-
tution which confers upon Congress the power
to do th e same thing ? Let us see what he says
about that :
"Has it empowered Congress to enact what free
persons, born within the several States, shall or shall
not be citizens of the United States?
"Before examining the various provisions of the
Constitution which may relate to this question, it is
important to consider for a moment the substantial
nature of this inquiry. It is, in effect, whether the
Constitution has empowered Congress to creatc priv-
ileged classes within the States, who alone can be
entitled to the friinchisc and powers of citizenship of
the United States. If it be admitted that the Con-
stitution has enabled Congress to declare what free
persons, burn within the several States, shall be cit-
izens of the United States, it must at the same time
be admitted that it is an unlimited power. If this
subject is within the control of Congress, it must
depend wholly on its discretion."
Then he proceeds immediately after to state
in very clear and forcible language that the
Constitution confers iio such power upon Con-
gress. I will read a part of what he says:
• Amon^the powers expressly granted to Congress
1S , ."10 power to establish a uniform rule of natuiali-
zation.' It is not doubted that this is a power to pre-
scribe a rule for the removal of the disabilities con-
sequent on foreign birth." * * * *
'It appears, then, that the only power expressly
granted to Congress to legislate concerning citizen-
ship is confined to the removal of the disabilities of
foreign birth."
Leaving the inquiry whether there is in the
Constitution any express authority conferred
upon Congressto legislate at all in relation to
the status of citizenship, he proceeds to inquire
whether there exists any implied power to ac-
complish the same end, and examines all the
clauses:
"Whether there be anything in the Constitution
from which a broader power may bo implied, will
best be seen when we come to examine tho two other
alternatives, which are, whether all free persons born
on the soil of the several States, or only such of them
as may be citizens of each State, respectively, arc
thereby citizens of the United States. The last of
these alternatives, in my judgment, contains the
truth." «
That is to say, there is no power, express or
implied, which confers upon Congress any au-
thority to declare what free persons are to be
considered as citizens because of their birth
within a State except such, or, to use again his
own language, that it is true only of such as
may be citizens of eachState, and because they
are citizens of eachState by virtue of their birth
under the constitution and laws of the State
of their birth they become citizens of the Uni-
ted States." That, and that alone, contains the
truth.
"Undoubtedly, as has already been said, it is a
principle of public law, recognised by the Constitu-
tion itself, that birth on the soil of a country both
creates the duties and confers the rights of citizen-
ship."
That is the doctrine relied upon by my friend
from Illinois ; but the judge says:
"But it must be remembered that though the Con-
stitution was to form a Government, and under it the
United States of America were to be one united sov-
ereign nation, to which loyalty and obcdienceon the
one side, and from which protection and privileges
on the other would be due, yet the several sovereign
States, whose people were then citizens, were not
only to continue in existence, but with powersnnim-
paircd, cxeept so far as they weie granted by the
people to the national Government.
"Amongthepowcrsunquestionablypossessedby the
several States was that of determining what persons
should and what persons should not be citizens."
And having come to the conclusion that
that power was not delegated by the Consti-
tution of the United States, he came neces-
sarily to the other conclusion consequent upon
that, that it remains as it stood before that, a
power exclusively belonging to the States re-
spectively. What is the consequence of that
doctrine if it be true, and I think I may chal-
lenge my friend from Illinois to disprove it?
The authority over citizenship under the Con-
stitution of the United States is not delegated
to Congress except in one particular, and that
not one which was intended to make the party
in whose favor the power might be exercised a
citizen of a State, but merely for the purpose
of removing the disability which alone the
Government of the whole could remove conse-
quent upon his foreign birth and his foreign
allegiance. That was a question in which the
whole were interested; it was a matter of gen-
eral moment; it related to the common objects
for which the Constitution itself was adopted ;
foreign nations were to be considered; and
because no one State had the power of legis-
lating upon any subject in which a foreign na-
tion or a foreign citizen might be concerned,
it was deemed advisable to vest a power which .
might otherwise create difficulties to the injury
of the whole in the Government to which were
submitted the interest and safety of the whole.
But the removal of the disabilities under the
naturalization laws did not create the party a
citizen of any one State. That powei, in the
words of Mr. Justice Curtis, remained as it
stood before the Constitution was adopted,
exclusively belonging to the States themselves.
Now, what does this bill do? It says that
every man born within the United States,
whether born as a slave or not—for it is not
prospective, operating only upon those who
may be _ horn subsequent to the abolition of
slavery in the United States—but whoever was
born at anytime, though born in slavery, is to
be considered a citizen by reason of tho fact of
his being born alone. The States where slavery
existed declared, at the time of the birth, if he
was born of a slave mother that he was a slave.
The constitution and laws of the States, undis-
puted, declared—I mean the States in which
slavery existed—that no descendant of a colored
