712
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
and hold it until the growth of settlement had
made it immensely valuable, and keep his chil-
dren and the children of his constituents from
the enjoyment of their rights. All that must
bo on the supposition that he aud his children
and the children of his constituents own all the
land in Kansas, which wo do not agree to. The
children of the District of Columbia own it as
much as he and his constituents, precisely; and
that has nothing to do with the proposition,
provided we think it is a reasonable one.
Then I do not understand how that is prac-
ticable, and it has no influence upon my mind
for this reason: we have been doing this thing
repeatedly. This is not novel, it is not new.
As 1 understand, you granted to colleges? for
agricultural purposes land scrip precisely in the
same way. This bill is patterned on that; I
do not know that it is a transcript of it, but it
follows the same principle precisely. That is
a precedent for it. so that I cannot understand
that there is any practical difficulty about it.
The honorable Senator from Indiana, who may
be supposed to know something about the West
and western lands, and the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands say that in form there is no difficulty
about this.
Now, I should like to know liow it turns out
that the moment a bill appropriating only a
million acres for the benefit of schools here
comes to have the united opposition of persons
who claim to own the public lands, who claim
to understand most about the policy of the pub-
lic lands. I have had occasion to look at the
question of the public lands somewhat, to see
how they have been distributed. I know the
argument of my honorable friend from Iowa:
it is, that every acre of land you have given to
the western States for schools, for railroads,
canals, wagon roads, as swamp lands, and what
not, has all redounded to the great glory and
benefit of the Treasury of the United States.
Mr. GRIMES. I think 1 can answer the
question that the Senator from Maine has put.
Ho asks how it happens that there is a united
sentiment here on the part of the Senators from
the Northwest when there is an application
made to vote any public lands away. I think
his own experience will furnish a sufficient an-
swer to that, when I asiv him how it happens
that whenever there is a proposition here to
repeal the fishing bounties, by which this Gov-
ernment has paid S2o,(K)i>,0U() during the lust,
sixty years, we linve a united front, against the
passage of thai bill fiom Xew England.
Mr. AIOU1ULL. That helps me so far on in
my argument. [Laughter.] That, is our inter-
est; that is our industry; these public lands
belong to the West. [Laughter.] Touch them
when yon will, where you will, for any purpose,
and the West says, "Llanrls nil', that is ours."
On a former occasion t tried to just il'y our inter-
est, our great industry, by showing that outside
of the local concern it had a grand national
aspcct; hut this is not put upon any such ground
as that,. We an? taking a million acres away
from the wagon roads, canals, railroads, cvc., of
the West!
Now, I insist upon it that unless this can be
met 011 some principle, the opposition is not ex-
actly lair. This is the first grant I have over
known attempted to be taken from the West and
appropriated, not to the West, not to the States,
but to this place which is needy enough, Heaven
knows. It is said this grant will cover over
forty miles square. 1 have nor, computed it.
What has this Government devoted to the in- !
terests of popular edncat'on in the western I
States chiefly, not the NorJiwesi.? Over fii'ly- ;
four million acres, fifi^ times forty miles squaijp. !
More than two thousand miles square the Gov- '
ernmenthas devoted for the interest of popular i
education, and Iglory in it. it is agrondpol- |
icy for which I have never failed to vote, and j
think it was well bestowed, worthilv bestowed. !
The same principle that authorized this Gov - j
ermnent, to do that, justifies this ami demands it. j
1 hen again iur the public, improvement, the j
general welfare, you vote your lands for roads j
of all descriptions—wagon roads, railroads, I
and all variety of enterprises. Nobody has
ever heard me grudge it or doubt the policy of
doing it. Sometimes I have thought they were
a little extravagant; when I have seen the ta-
bles covered here day after day with all sorts
of projects, I have thought that the Government
was pretty munificent, to say the least of it.
Why. sir, what has this Government done for
the railroads, counting out the great enterprise
to which there is no end, the end of which no
mortal man can see both in money and lands—
I mean the road across the continent? Inde-
pendent of that, we have voted for the enjoy-
ment of States in the West over sixty-six mil-
lion acres. And now, when we want only a
million to educate the poor people in this Dis-
trict, we are met with this objection.
Besides that, not running on a line with this
policy by any means, the legislation of the
country shows that over sixty million acrcs of
lands have been received by the land States as
swanjp lands, and an amount in addition to
that claimed running up now as the Lane Office
shows to over seventy-four millions claimed by
them as swamp lands ; and you would have to
sink an artesian well to fiijfl water on a good
many of them. [Laughter.] The best lands
in those States have been covered over under
that policy, and the States have enjoyed them ;
and when the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts, in his greatsolicitude to promote pub-
lie education, comes in here and only asks a
million acres, the Senator from Kansas rises
and tries to make us believe that somebody will
be oppressed if we do so.
1 .submit, Mr. President, that, there is no ap-
prehension of any danger of that description;
and I submit that the precedents are ample to
justify this. The precedent of giving lands to
the agricultural colleges is exactly on a line
with this. 1 take no interest, in the matter ex-
cept that I happen to be associated in some
sense with the interests of this district which 1
know to be needy, needy above any community
with which I am acquainted in the northern
portion of tlus country, needing education and
needing the encouragement of education more
than any community 1 know. 1 hope the Sen-
ate of the United States, out of its great abun-
dance, considering its liberalily ill the direc-
tions to which I have already rei'ei red, ill leol
that it is not a very extraoi dinary tiling, to say
the least, of it, to make this grant.
Mr. LA N K, of Kansas. Neither my children
1101 the children of Kansas claim to own the
public lands of that. State, but we have to travel
the roads of Kansas, and such a grant as this
prevents the construction of roads. Wo want
to educate those children in our State. Such
a grant as this prevents the education of the
children of the State. Upon us devolves the
i duty of developing the State of Kansas and of
j settling il up. V,e protest against any action
j! of this body that prevents the settlement of
J these new Stati s, and we notify the Senate that
| such action as this will have that effect. The
■ Senator speaks of large grants to new States.
There is not one of them, except, the swamn-
landgrant, that had not for its object the settling
I up of the States, the inviting of immigration.
| hi very railroad has that, effect. So far "as Kan-
sas is concerned, and I believe solar as Minne-
sota is concerned, wo have never had and do
! not expect to ask for any swamp-land grant.
We have had no grant except for objects invit-
ing immigration, settling up the country, de-
! veloping it, in which the State that the Senator
from Maine represents is as much interested as
, we are.
| I roje before tlie Senator from Maine to move
a recommitment of this bill. I would like to
have the opportunity of going before the com-
mittee and urging the objections there that my
constituents have to the passage of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Kaiuas make a motion to recommit ?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I did propose aud
expect to make that motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is in order, if made.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I make it.
_ Mr. GRIMES. A single word. The statis-
tics furnished to us by the Senator from Maine
are exceedingly interesting. I know he has
been spending a long time in gathering them
up. I have no doubt they are very accurate.
I have no doubt he has stated to us prcci ?ely
the number of acres that have been given to the
various western States since the foundation of
the Government for educational purposes. But
I ask him to remember and the Senate to re-
member that the system of granting those lands
was inaugurated by the Government and estab-
lished before a single white man went upon them.
They were not given for the benefit of the white
men, or through any instrumentality of the white
men after they occupied the land, but the sys-
tem was created by his progenitors and the pro-
genitors of the rest of us who emigrated from
the East, for the purpose of inducing other men,
their neighbors, to go and occupy these lands.
The Senator says that he has been appalled
at the number of propositions that have been
made here to grant lands for wagon roads, rail-
roads, &c. I think he will bear me witness that
I have voted against as many of them and have
been as urgent against them as any one in this
body. I have opposed nearly all of them, and
1 think it is exceeding bad policy for the Gov-
ernment to grant so large a portion of them.
I want these lands saved for the purpose of ena-
bling his constituents and mine to go upon them
and occupy them as bonajide settlers. That
is what the Government ought to use them for,
because I can assure you, Mr. President, that
nearly all the grants of land that are made to
railroad and wagon roads (and let me assure
the Senator from Massachusetts that that will
be the result with his scrip) find their way into
the hands of rich capitalists, and in eighteen
months or two years after this grant is made
the scrip will be held by the wealthy men of the
country, aud the tendency will be to exclude
settlers.
Let me say further, Mr. President, what I
believe I said when 1 was up before, that 1 am
not speaking for the benefit of my State. There
is not a foot of public land that 1 know of now
in the State of Iowa. If there are any they arc
lands that, nobody would occupy. But we have
had expciienee in that State. Wc have had
j list, such experience as 1 think you are now pre-
paring for some of these other western States ;
and 1 do not want to see them put through the
same process.
Now, 1 say again to the Solicitor from Massa-
chusetts, I have not any conscientious scruples
about voting money out, ol'tlie Treasury to assist
schools in the District of Columbia. Let, linn
present a bill, and I will vote for it. When-
ever he or the chairman of the Committee on
the District of Columbia represent to me that
the interests of this city require that we should
vote money for the purpose of establishing or
continuing a school already established, I will
vote for it most cheerfully.
1 oppose this bill because of the bad results
that I think will How from the establishment of
this principle and from the issue of this scrip—■
results not to bo experienced by the constitu-
ents of the Senator, but to be experienced by
the constituents of the Senator from Minnesota
and other western States aud Territories. I
object to the inauguration of this principle for
that reason.
The Senator from Maine says that this prin-
ciple is sustained by innumerable precedents.
V, hat are the precedents ? He quotes one. and
that is the agricultural college, bill, and none
other so far as I know, cxecpt the single case
| which I cited before where a grant of land of
: one township was made over forty years ago to
! the State of Kentucky for the purpose of sup-
! porting a deaf and dumb asylum, 1 think, that
; land being in the State of Florida, and it, was
, a subject of controversy between the States of
i Kentucky and Florida up to the time that the
] secession movement was made five years ago.
j The precedent in the case of the agricultural
I college bill I do not think is worthy of being
