1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2737"
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 97) to author-
ize certain medals to be distributed to veteran
soldiers free of postage.
FUNDING THE NATIONAL DEBT.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move t,o postpone
all prior orders and proceed to the consider-
ation of Senate bill No. 285.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired it becomes the doty
of the Chair to call up the special order for to-
day, being Senate bill No. 300. That bill is
before the Senate, and the Senator from Mis-
souri moves to postpone it and all prior orders
for the purpose of taking up the bill named by
him.
Mr. HENDERSON. As the Senator from
Ohio is entitled to the floor on the special order,
if my bill is called up I will let it be passed
over informally to hear his remarks, as I under-
stand his bill is to be passed over anyhow after
his remarks.
Mr. SHERMAN. But the funding bill is
now the special order.
Mr. HENDERSON". I do not desire to
interfere with the Senator from Ohio.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion is withdrawn. The special oxder is before
the Senate.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of
the Whole, to consider the bill (S. No. 300) to
reduce the rate of interest on the national debt,
and l'or funding the same. It proposes to au-
thorize the Secretary of the Treasury, if he shall
deem it expedient for the purpose of funding
the national debt and reducing the rate of in-
terest thereon, to issue registered or coupon
bonds of the United States, in such form and
of such denominations as he may prescribe,
payable, principal and interest, in coin, and
bearing interest at the rate of not exceeding
five per cent, per annum, payable semi-annu-
ally, such bonds to be made payable in not
over thirty years from date, to be issued to an
amount sufficient to cover all outstanding or
existing obligations of the United States, and
to be disposed of in such manner and on such
terms, not less than par, as the Secretary of
the Treasury may deem most conducive to the
interests of the Government. The expense of
preparing, issuing, and disposing of the bonds
is not to exceed two per cent, of the amount
disposed of, and the bonds, and the proceeds
thereof, are to be exclusively used in taking up
or retiring the obligations or indebtedness of
the United States other than United States
notes. The bonds thus issued are to be known
as ''the consolidated debt of the United States,"
and to be exempt from taxation in any form
by or under State, municipal, or local author-
ity ; and in consideration of the reduction of
the rate of interest effected by the negotiation
of these bonds, they and the interest thereon
and the income therefrom are to be exempt
from the payment of all taxes or duties to the
United States.
The amount of interest saved by a substitu-
tion of five per cent, bonds for other Govern-
ment securities is to be applied to the payment
of the principal of the national debt, and for
the purpose of insuring the payment, thereof,
and in lieu of the sinking fund contemplated
by the act of February 25, 1862, the sum of at
least $30,000,000, including the saving of in-
terest, is to be annually applied to the reduc-
tion or extinguishment of the debt in such
manner as may bo determined by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, or as Congress may here-
after direct.
For the purpose of enabling the Secretary
of the Treasury to prepare for the funding or
payment of the outstanding Treasury notes
bearing interest at the rate of seven and three
tenths per cent, per annum, the holders of
such notes are required to advise the Secretary
of the Treasury, in such manner as he may
prescribe, at least six mouths before their
maturity, whether they elect that the notes
shall be paid at maturity or shall be converted
into bonds of the United States commonly
designated as five-twenty bonds ; and the right
39TH CONG. ISTSPSS.—]S'o. "172.
on the part of the holders of converting the
Treasury notes into bonds shall be deemed
and taken to be waived as to each and every
note in relation to which notice shall not be
given as thus prescribed, and the same shall
be paid at maturity in lawful money of the
United States.
Mr. SHERMAN. There are two or three
amendments reported by the committee which
may as well be acted npon now.
ThePRESIDENT^iro tonpore. The amend-
ments reported by the committee will be read.
The first amendment was in section one,
line sixteen, to strike out the words " prepar-
ing, issuing, and," and in line seventeen to
strike out the word "two" and insert " one;"
so that the proviso will read:
Provided, That the expense of disposing of such
bonds shall not exceed one per cent, of the amount
disposed of.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one,
line eighteen, at the end of the proviso to add,
'' which said one per cent., or so much thereof
as may be required, is hereby appropriated."
Mr. EDMUNDS. With the consent of the
Senator from Ohio, I will move to amend that
amendment by adding after the word " appro-
priated " the words 41 for that purpose," which
will make the meaning a little more explicit.
It is a mere verbal amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
that.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The next amendment was in section two,
line four, after the word "taxation" to strike
out the words "in any form."
Mr. PESSENDEN. How will the section
read then?
The Secretary read as follows :
That the bonds issued under thi* act shall be known
as "the consolidated debt oftheUnited State?/' and
the same shall be exempt from taxation by or under
State, municipal, or local authority, ,ie,
Mr. SHERMAN. The amendment is sim-
ply to comform to the language of the exist-
ing law.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN addressed the Senate in
explanation and support of the bill. [His
speech will be published in the Appendix. ]
Mr. CLARK. I suppose nobody expects
action upon the bill at the present time. I
differ very materially from the Senator from
Ohio in regard to some positions which he has
taken on this bill, especially with regard to the
matter of taxation, not, however, upon the con-
stitutional power, but upon the expediency of
it. But I do not propose to address the Senate
at the present time, nor am I certain that I
shall do so at any time. If nobody else desires
to address the Senate at this time, I will move
that the further consideration of the bill be post-
poned until to-morrow, so that the Senate may
procccd to other busificss.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose it is not in-
tended that this bill shall stand in the way of
the business set for to-morrow.
Mr. SHERMAN. Not at all. I will state
to Senators, though, that I should like to have
a vote on this bill within a reasonable time.
Mr. CLARK. There will be no objection to
that, I take it.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
A bill (H. R. No. 211) to authorize the Pres-
ident to appointcertain officers of the Executive
Mansion and fixing their salaries: and the hill
(H. R. No. 612) to amend an act entitled "An
act making appropriations for sundry civil ex- '
penses of the Government for the year ending
30th of June, 1859," were severally read twice
by their titles, and referred to the Committee
on Finance.
RAILROADS IN KANSAS.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move to take up
Senate bill No. 285, granting lands to the State
of Kansas to aid in the construction of the
Kansas and Neosho Valley railroad and its
extension to lied river.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I hope that Ml will
not be taken up this afternoon. I had intended
to examine it with some care, but have not
been ab-le to do so. It is a very important
grant, not only in respect to its effects upon the
public lands, but also in its effect upon other
roads to which we have heretofore made grants
of lands. I do not desire to defeat an early
consideration of the bill, of course ; but I am
not prepared to discuss it this afternoon, and I
should prefer that it should stand over, i had
not an opportunity to examine the bill on the
committee ; I was absent at the time the com-
mittee considered it. I ask the Senator to let
it lie over a day or two.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the bill will be laid
over, as requested by a member of the com-
mittee reporting it.
Mr. HEN DERSON. I know but little about
this bill myself. Some of the members of the
other House from my State, who have taken
an active part, have requested me to call it up.
I believe it is a bill making the usual railroad
grants. I know but little about these railroad
grants: I never yet have had charge of a bill
that made a grant of an acre of land in this
body. I have been requested to have early
action on this bill; I have glanced through it,
and I understood from members of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands that it contains noth-
ing more than the usual grants; that there is
nothing extraordinary in it, as the Senate will
see by examining it. It proposes to make a
grant of alternate sections of lands for the
building of a railroad through the eastern tier
of counties in Kansas. The people in the west-
ern portion of my State feel very considerable
interest in it. If the Senator from Indiana
wishes time to examine the bill of course I
should dislike very much to insist upon taking
it up now, but I presume there is nothing in it
that the Senator cannot examine within ten
minutes anyhow. However. I give notice now
that I shall call up the bill at the very first
opportunity. It is a road in the State of the
Senator from Kansas, and his constituents are
as much interested in it as are the people of
my State.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 only feel the same in-
terest m this road that I do in all the others in
my State. I want the Senate to proceed to
the consideration of the bill at a very early
day. It is not vital, I suppose, that it should
be proceeded with this afternoon. I have only
to say, in reference to it, that the bill is drawn
with all the care with which the committee
could draw a bill, and I think when the Sen-
ate come to consider it there will be no objec-
tions to the form of the bill as utawn.
It may compete, perhaps, with other inter-
ests that object to it. but there can be no ob-
jection to the bill itself in point of form. I
want very early action on the bill, for the
reason that'the session of Congress is drawing
to a close, and the Committee on Public Lands
in the other House, as I learn, has not yet
been called on for reports, and if we do not
act upon the bills reported by our Committee
on Public Lauds in this body until after that
committee is called upon we shall not be able
to secure their passage at this session. If they
are to get through the other House at all it is
very important that they should be acted upon
before that committeeis called for reports there,
and 1 am informed that it will only be a few
days before they are called upon to report. I
leave, however, the charge of the bill to the
Senator from Missouii. as his constituents per-
haps teel an equal interest in this bill with any
other section of the country, and I bhall entirely
follow his lead in regard to it. If the Senator
from Indiana will be better prepared to-morrow,
and will say that he will consent to proceed
with the consideration of the bill to-morrow, it
would be more satisfactory; but if if is to be
put off indefinitely it will not be \ury satis-
factory.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I cannot say to the
Senator from Kansas that I shall bo prepared
