1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mother, whether she was free or not, was to be
considered a citizen by virtue of birth; and yet
my friend from Illinois, and the Congress of
the United States in passing- this bill, have
declared that those who were born in a state
of slavery, who were never citizens as long as
that condition existed, who were prevented
from becoming citizens by the constitution of
the State in which they resided, which has never
been changed, shall, by force of this enactment,
be considered as citizens of the United States,
and of course for all purposes. If it be true
that whether birth is to give citizenship of the
United States depends upon the fact whether
the party born by the laws of the State in which
he is born becomes a citizen of that State, then
I should like to know where is the authority in
Congress to interfere with what the State has
done in the past, or may be doing in the pres-
ent, or may do in the future, unless it can bo
accomplished under the constitutional amend-
ment, to which I shall advert by and by.
The honorable member from Illinois dis-
poses of the President's objection to the first
section of this bill by saying that it is merely
declaratory. I know it is competent for any
legislative body, on a question where differ-
ences of opinion exist in relation to any legal
proposition, to remove them by declaratory legis-
lation ; but that is not the purpose of this bill.
It professes to be passed in the exercise of a
positive and absolute power to change the law—
not to declare what the law was in order to
remove doubts, but to make the law. It as-
sumes, or otherwise there would be no occasion
for it, that birth alone does not confer cit-
izenship ; and assuming that no citizenship
would exist in consequence of birth alone, it
declares that birth alone, in spite of State con-
stitution and State laws, shall confer citizen-
ship. Now, with all deference to the opinion
of the honorable chairman of the Committee
on the Judiciary, that seems to me to bo a
proposition as clearly erroneous as any prop-
osition can be in relation to constitutional law.
The States were sovereign before the Consti-
tution was adopted ; and the Constitution not
oulv, according to its very terms, does not pro-
fess to confer upon the Government of the,
United States all governmental power, but as
far as Congress is concerned professes to con-
fer upon that department of the Government
only the particular delegated powers there
enumerated ; but so anxious were the framers
of that instrument, and the great men of that
day, to whom the subsequent organization of
this Government was left, that although they
had no doubt as to the principle that only the
delegated powers were granted, (and the de-
bates in the Convention itself as well as the
debates in the conventions of the several States
when the Constitution was before them for
adoption or rejection all went upon the theory
that no powers were conferred except such as
weie expressly granted or as were reasonably
to be implied as necessary to carry out the
powers expressly granted,) by the tenth amend-
ment adopted recently after the Constitution
went into operation, and recommended by the
men many of whom were the framers of tho
Constitution itself, that the powers not dele-
gated by tlie Constitution and not denied to the
States by the same instrument were to be con-
sidered as reserved to tho States respectively
or to the people.
Standing, therefore, as well upon the nature
of the Government itself, as a Government
of enumerated powers specially delegated, as
upon the express provision that everything not
granted was to be considered as remaining with
the States unless the Constitution contained
some particular prohibition of any power be-
fore belonging to the States, what doubt can
there be that if a State possessed the power to
declare who should be her citizens before the
Constitution was adopted that power remains
now as absolute and as conclusive as it was
when the Constitution was adopted? The bill,
therefore, changes the whole theory of tho
Government.
The President, then, I think", is right. I go
39th Cong, 1st Sess.—No. 112.
further than he does: ho expresses a doubt
whether Congress has the power; I affirm, with
all deference to the better judgment of the
majority of the Senate who voted for the bill,
and to that of the honorable chairman of the
Committee on tho Judiciary ^ that it is perfectly
clear that no such power exists in Congress as
tho one attempted to be exercised by the first
section. I hold, with Mr. J ustice Curtis—and
his opinion to this day has never been ques-
tioned—that citizenship of the United States
consequent upon birth in a State is to depend
upon tho fact whether the constitution and laws
of the State make the party so born a citizen
of the State.
What is the remaining provision of the first
section ? Not satisfied with assuming that they
had the power to declare that all persons not
subject to any foreign Power born in the Uni-
ted States are to be considered hereafter as
citizens of the United States, and leaving the
rights of such persons to depend upon the fact
of their being citizens, the section goes on to
provide what rights shall belong to them.
What is that for? Is that declaratory, too?
Citizenship, says tho honorable member, car-
ries with it certain rights. What rights? He
read to the Senate yesterday from the first and
second volumes of Kent's Commentaries, and
particularly, I think, from 1 Kent, page 46,
a passage which he will pardon me for saying
has nothing in the world to do with the par-
ticular question before us. The passage which
he read merely states that every nation is bound
to protect its own citizens. Certainly where it
has the power under its form of government.
The Government of the United States has the
authority and is bound to protect the rights of
any citizen of the United States when invaded
by any other nation. Why? Because the States
have no jurisdiction extra-territorial, because
with reference to foreign nations the States
have noplace at all. That relation subsists,
and can only subsist, as between the foreign
nation and the General Government; and be-
cause that relation can only in that way sub-
sist, it is tho duty of the United States, as it is
the duty of every nation, to protect its own cit-
izens. But how does that even tend to prove
that a citizen of the United States who is en-
titled to de-mand protection when abroad from
the Government of the United States is to be
considered a citizen of any one StateV But
what are these rights? The section converts
him into a citizen by virtue ot his birtli, which
I have endeavored to show the Senate cannot
be done unless the constitution or law of the
State where he is born makes him a citizen of
that State, and it goes further, and says that
"such citizens"—that is, by force of this con-
gressionallegislation—"of every race and color
without regard to any previous condition of
slavery," <xc., "shall have tho same right in
every State and Territory in the United States
to make and enforce contracts, to sue, be par-
ties, and give evidence, to inherit, purchase,
lease, sell, hold, and convey real and personal
property, and to full and equal benefit of all
laws and proceedings for the security of person
and property as is enjoyed by white citizens."
If there be anything.tbat may be considered
as true in the past in constitutional law, it is
that over every one of these rights, or to speak
more correctly, over every one of the subjects
to which these rights are made to attach, the
jurisdiction of the States was exclusive. The
honorable member from Illinois seems to for-
get, as I think, what is the real character of
our institutions. This bill, in my opinion,
strikes at all the reserved rights of the States.
You may look in the statute-book in vain, sii,
and nobody knows it bettei than you do, uMi.
Harris in the chair)—and I am sure the hon-
orable member from Illinois will agree that
such is the fact—you may look in the statutes
of the United States and in (he Journals of
Congress in vain for the purpose of finding
that at any time, from 1781 up to th< breaking
out of this rebellion, anybody over proposed
in Congress by legislation to regulate, by .secur-
ing or otherwise, the rights which are referred
to in the latter part of this section. What are
they ? The declaring who may be authorized
to make contracts and who may be authorized
to enforce contracts, who may be authorized
tp sue, to be parties, and give evidence, inherit,
purchase, lease, sell, hold, and convey real
and personal estate. If Congress can legis-
late in relation to these rights m behalf of the
black, why cannot they legislate in relation
to the same rights in behalf of the white ? And
if they can legislate in relation to both, the
States are abolished ; because, if the 1 «ther
provision in this bill follows (as perhap? it does
llow legitimately upon the assumption of the
constitutionality of the provisions of the first
section to which I have adverted) tiiat Con-
gress has the authority to constitute its own
tribunals for tho purpose of granting relief for
the enforcement of these rights, then- the State
courts may be closed up. If Congress can
prescribe the rules of evidence, it is because
with reference to that question this Govern-
ment is a consolidated Government. I submit
that nothing can be plainer than that; and yet
it would have startled with surprise any mem-
ber of the Convention of 1787, or any member
of the Congress of tho United States who passed
tho judiciary act of September, 1789, to have
been told that there lurked somewhere in the
Constitution of the United States an authority
by which Congress could usurp to itself a right
to enter in the limits of the several States and
regulate the law of contract, tho law of evi-
dence, tho law of devise, and the law of mar-
riage.
And yet my friend from Illinois says that
that provision is clearly constitutional; and
why? Becausc, as I understand him, it is tho
business of every Government to protect its own
citizens. That is begging tho entire question.
It is tho business of the General Government
to protect citizens of the United States where
that protection cannot, be obtained through the
instrumentality of the States; but where tho
rights of citizens of the United States are given
by State laws over subjects intrusted exclu-
sively to State legislation, it is the exclusive
business of tho State to protect them.
But that is not all. This first section lias
another provision. Not satisfied with making
the parties citizens and clothing them with all
tho rights belonging to white citizens by tho
laws of the Stales, it says that tliey " shall be
subject to like punishment, pains, and penal-
ties, and to none oilier." That invades the
jurisdiction of the States over their criminal
code. Congress assumes to define a crime,
and defining a crime gives to its own courts ex-
clusive jurisdiction over the crimc and the party
charged with its perpetration. It strikes at
the criminal eodo of the States. The result,
therefore, of the three provisions in this sec-
tion is, that contrary to State constitutions and
State laws, it converts a man that is not a citi-
zen of a State into a citizen of the State; it
gives him all the rights that belong to a citizen
of the State; and it provides that his pun-
ishment shall only be such as the State laws
impose upon white citizens. Where is tho au-
thority to do that ? If it exists, it is still more
obvious that the result is an entire annihilation
of the power of the States. It seems to be the
fashion of the hour—I do not know that my
honorable friend from Illinois goes to that ex-
tent—to hold to the doctrine that the sootier
everything is vested in the Government of the
United States the better for the country. It is
a perilous delusion. If such a proposition had
been supposed to be found anywhere in the
Constitution of the United States, it. never
would have been adopted by the people : and
if it is assumed, or if it is considered as con-
stitutionally existing by virtue of some power
not before known, the Government will not last
half a century. I have not time to read from
the writings of Mr. Madison and Mr. Hamilton
and the decisions of the Supreme Court on the
question.
But you, Mr. President, know very well that,
consolidation of power in the Government of
the United States was looked upon as eerta;->
