1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
297
39th Cong....1st Sess.
Basis of Representation—Mr. Schenck.
Ho. of Reps.
I need not go into any remarks in relation to
the great evil we are called upon to remedy. I
willbutsubmita singleillustration, amongmany
others which I was accustomed to present to my
constituents and friends at home when address-
ing them duringthe past season in relation to this
matter. I felt that now, as has been so prop-
erly said by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Cook,] the "golden opportunity" had come,
and that it must not be permitted to pass with-
out improving it—now that we have the power
to stretch our strong hand over it and ask the
States to unite with us in abolishing the injustice
altogether and forever. It was for this reason,
with a view to prepare, as far as in my humble
endeavor I might, the public mind for accepting
a proposition of this kind, to be made in Con-
gress, or having already been made in a former
Congress, to be insisted upon and put in some
practical shape when we should be assembled
here again, that I presented the subject, as I
said, to my people at-home. Among the illus-
trations I say I will refer to but one to show
what the great magnitude of that evil of un-
equal representation has been hitherto.
By looking at the results of the census taken in
1860lfmd, amongother facts equally extraordi-
nary illustrating this inequality, this to be true in
relation to the State of Pennsylvania, as com-
pared with portions of the South. You cannot
take the State of Pennsylvania and compare
her with any other one State of the South. It
isnot worthwhile nowto discuss why the South,
in wealth and in population, has not increased
and prospered as the free States have done. It
is not worth while to inquire now, for all this
has been sufficiently discussed and reflected
upon, how far the institution of slavery has been
a dead weight carried by the States of the South,
nor how it has prevented their growth and pros-
perity in wealth and population. The fact, how-
ever, stands recorded, proved by your census,
that when you come to compare Pennsylvania
with any portion of the South in relation to the
number of the white population, you are com-
pelled to take half a dozen or more of those
States in order to make that comparison, be-
cause there is no one of them that may be put
in apposition to the State of Pennsylvania. By
the census of 1860 Pennsylvania is found to
have a population of 2,849,266. That is, of
course, all free population. The States of North
Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama,
Florida, Mississippi, and Louisiana, seven_ of
them, all taken together, have a free population
of 2,829,785, being twenty thousand loss than
Pennsylvania has alone. Take them, however,
as if they were equal, then how do they stand?
Two million eight hundred thousand people in
Pennsylvania, underthe Constitution ofthe Uni-
ted States, are represented by two votes in the
Senate and by twenty-four votes in this House;
those seven lately slave States, with twenty
thousand less free and white population, under
the present, form of the Constitution, have their
fourteen Senators and thirty-nine votes in the
House of Representatives.
Now, so far as Senators are concerned, no
objection is to be taken. The Senate may'be
regarded as that aristocratic feature in our sys-
tem which provides that one branch of the Leg-
islature shall be composed of representatives
of States, thus putting the smallest States upon
an equality with the largest, in order to the pro-
tection of the former. But when we come to the
House of Representatives, where equality of
representation is maintained, or ought to be,
under that old system we find that a population
which, in these seven slave States, gives thirty-
nine votes to them, gives only twenty-four to
Pennsylvania. That, then, is the evil. It might
be exemplified by a comparison between South
Carolina and some northern States in a still more
extraordinary degree while the Constitution of
the United States remains in its present form.
This comes of counting three fifths of the slave
population and adding it to the other popula-
tion in order to make up an artificial basis of
representation. Now that you count the other
two fifths, you go on to increase the represen-
tation of these seven States and others that were
slave States, without affecting in any percept-
ible degree the right of representation of those
that, being already free, remained also loyal in
the war which has ended in the destruction of
slavery.
We are then agreed, I believe, that there is
an evil to be remedied. There certainly can be
no discussion upon that point on this side of the
House. It is true, the gentleman [Mr. Mar-
shall] who has just taken his seat, represent-
ing in part the great State of Illinois, speaks of
us, because we desire to remedy this evil, as a
revolutionary party; he speaks of us as rushing
upon experiments which are abominable in their
character, and at a time when no attempt to
amend the Constitution should be made. Sir,
I will not stop to answer remarks of that
kind. If we are a revolutionary party, we are
only revolutionary in the direction of freedom
and equality; and it does not become a Demo-
crat, as the gentleman improperly calls himself,
to object to us on that account. If we are revo-
lutionary, we are revolutionary only in the in-
terest of humanity, and we have no sympathy
with rebels at the South who clung with such
tenacity to everything that made them tyrants
and oligarchs, depriving a large part of their
population of a portion of their natural rights.
If there be any sympathy with those, it is not
to be found in our breasts, however revolution-
ary may be our character. I leave it to the
gentleman and those who act and think and feel
with him to say whether they have or have not
cooperated with any such party as that.
This, then, is the evil which we desire, under
the forms of the Constitution, without resort to
revolution, but by the use only o f the means pro-
vided by that instrument itself, to remove, by
submitting to the people the question whether
they will apply that remedy which we think it
now a good time to propose to them. \V e find
ourselves divided in opinion, not with reference
to what is to be cured, but as to the best mode
of making that cure. On some accounts I re-
gret that there should be this division of opin-
ion among those of us who are disposed to get
rid of this anti-democratic inequality of repre-
sentation, now that the cause for it is gone.
And yet, on other accounts, perhaps, it is well
that this debate has come on and been contin-
ued as it has been, because in the collision of
mind with mind and thought with thought, in
the consideration of propositions and sugges-
tions pro and con, we may perhaps arrive in the
end at a better solution of the whole difficulty
than we would otherwise reach.
I undertake to say, among the many impor-
tant propositions to amend the organic law of
this country, there is no one which commends
itself to the consideration, the judgment, and
approval of the people with more force than this
as a means of solving and removing all the
difficulties which now agitate the public mind.
And on this account I can understand why, on
this side of the House, we all may be agreed in
seeking to get something, while on the other
there may be objections to any amendment
at all.
The gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Cook,] in
front of me, who addressed the House, sug-
gested that, in opposing such a fair, equal,
democratic representative amendment, gentle-
men on the other side of the Chamber hold
themselves liable to be suspected of being dis-
posed to keep up this unequal share of rep-
resentation on the part of the southern States
with a view to a combination which shall ena-
ble them to get the control of the Government.
It is for them to reflect whether they are actu-
ated by such a motive or not. This much I
will say, however, I am inclined to suspect that
any man who is opposed to the adoption of some
such amendment can only be so because he is
unwilling to remove the question about the negro
from the arena of colitics, considering that if he
does so his party capital will be taken away and
his occupation gone forever.
Now, sir, various amendments and proposi-
tions have been made, all circling around two
plans—or two principles, perhaps I should say.
There are a number of amendments, including-
one I had the honor myself to offer, which look
to a cure to be arrived at by basing representa-
tion upon suffrage. Then there is the plan pre-
sented by the select committee on reconstruc-
tion, which proposes still to count the whole
population as a basis of representation, provid-
ing, however, as a penalty, that that represent-
ation shall be taken away frqm any State in pro-
portion to the number of citizens she may have,
of any race or color, whose right to vote she de-
nies or abridges. I like the first proposition the
best. I will bo content with anything that will
effectually cure the evil; but I prefer the first
proposition because I think it is founded upon
a better principle, and will more practically
accomplish the great thing desired byallof us.
Thinking so, sir, at a very early day in this
session, I was one of those disposed to ask the
attention of Congress to the subject, to propose
in proper form the submission of the question to
the Legislatures of the several States. On the
first day of the session, on the 4th of December
last, as soon as the House was organized, I gave
notice that I would on the next, or some suc-
ceeding day, introduce a proposition to amend
the Constitution. On the ensuing day I did ac-
cordingly present a joint resolution. It stands
as House resolution No. 1 of the session.
In that I propose representation hereafter
shall be based upon suffrage. I propose that
representation shall be apportioned among the
several States of the Union according to the
number of voters having qualifications requi-
site for electors of the most numerous branch
ofthe Legislature ofthe States where they re-
side, following in this the language of the Con-
stitution ; these voters, however, to be further
limited in their descriptions and definitions as
being male citizens of the United States over
twenty-one years of age. Now, whether the
proposition be a good one or not, whether the
limitation be such as should commend itself
to the masses of our people, I will not for the
present inquire. I will only remark they have
seemed to me to embrace as many qualifications
as we ought to include when we are going to
lav down a new organic law on this subject.
"Somegentlemen object to the word "male,"
and would extend the franchise of voting to the
females. Well, I have as much gallantry, were
that alone the thing to be considered, and senti-
ment of admiration for that sex, as any gentle-
man ; but I claim, by common consent of civil-
ized countries, including our own, the whole
subject being considered, and especially the
sphere of the two sexes, it has been held that
the Government should be in the hands of the
male part of the population and not the female.
I do not regard voting as a natural right, a_3
some gentlemen do. I think that it is expedi-
ent in framing a republican Government you
should extend as far as you conveniently and
properly can the right of suffrage.
But after all it is not a question of natural
right but one of justice and expediency how far
you will go. Believing that, I have concluded
to put among the other qualifications the word
"male" in my amendment as discriminative
at once of those qualities which an elector shall
have. I have also required that these males
shall be above the age of twenty-one years.
Now, if I believed that voting was a natural
rio-ht, instead of a matter to be settled accord-
ing to expediency and the best exercise of fair
and just consideration of age, sex, and every-
thing else, among those who are called upon to
take a share in the Government, I might not
have fixed upon this age of twenty-one years.
For if it be a natural right, how is it in Prance,
for instance, a man shall not become an adult,
capable of taking part in the legal transactions
ofthe Government, or giving his consent to cer-
