714
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
a bill making appropriations for the consular
and diplomatic expense? of the Government
for tliu year ending 80th June, 1867. and for
other purposes ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and made the
special order for Thursday, the 15th instant,
after the morning hour, and from day to day
until disposed of, and ordered to be printed.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER laidbefore the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting a communication from the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue in regard to cer-
tain income taxes collected from the estates of
deceased persons who died previous to Decem-
ber 81, 1863, in answer to a resolution of the
Houseof January 29, I860 : which was laid upon
the table, and ordered to be printed.
QUARANTINE IN NEW YORK.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 rarely
ask the attention of the House to anything out
of the regular order of business; but I hare a
matter in charge from, the Committee on Com-
merce which is of a strictly public character,
and which is somewhat urgent. The commit-
tee have directed me to ask the consent of the
House for its consideration at this time. 1
refer to a bill which was introduced by the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Raymond,] and
referred to the Committee on Commerce, in
relation to authorizing the Secretary of War
and the Secretary of the Navy to place certain
hulks and vessels at the disposal of the com-
missioners of quarantine, and other proper au-
thorities at ports of the United States, in antici-
pation of the cholera.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Does it not require
unanimous consent to consider this bill at this
time?
The SPEAKER. It does.
_ Mr. INGERSOLL. 1 object to it at this
time.
APPOINTMENT OP REAR ADMIRALS, ETC.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, by unanimous
consent, reported back from the Committee on
Naval Affairs ITouse bill No. 103, to further
regulate the appointment of rear admirals, and
for the appointment of certain volunteer ofli-
eers to the regular Navy, and moved that the
same be printed and recommitted to tlio com-
mittee.
The motion was agreed to.
INDEX OF EXECUTIVE DOCUMENTS.
Mr. LATHAM reported, from the Commit-
tee on Printing, the following resolution:
Resolved, That the. Clerk of tho House be, and lie is
hereby (lirccted, to prepare a digested index of the
executive documents and reports of committees of
tho House of Representatives fiom 1339 to thoeio^e
of the present Congress, to correspond with theindex
of the same documents from the coimueiicenH'nt of
the Government to the close of the Twenty-Fourth
Congress.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. ] would
like to in qui re of the gentleman who has re-
ported this resolution whether any estimate has
been made of the cost of printing this index.
Mr. LATHAM. The committee have not
taken into consideration the printing of the in-
dex, as that matter was not referred to them by
t.he resolution, which was offered by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts. [Mr. Banks.] The
index will not be prepared until after the close
of the present Congress ; and when it shall ha\e
been prepared, an estimate of the cost of print-
ing must then be made before it, can be printed.
The committee can then take into consideration
the number to be printed as well as the expense,
which was not a matter before the committee
at this time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If this res-
olution should be adopted, it will involve the
print ing of the work which is to be prepared by
the Clerk. I would like to know from the com-
mittee. as they have of course made an estimate, ;
how much it will cost to print this index after ;
it shall have been prepared. - |
Mr. LATHAM. The resolution reported by
the committee does not involve the printing of
the document at all.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then,
Mr. Speaker, if this index is not to be printed,
what is the object of having it prepared? Of
what use will the mere manuscript copy bo ?
Mr. BANKS. With the consent of tho gen-
tleman from West Virginia, [Mr. Latham,] I
will state my object in the introduction of this
resolution.
A great many reports of great importance to
the country, and embodying a vast deal of learn-
ing, are now hidden away in the Library of the
House, so that there is no possible reference to
them unless members take the trouble of going
through tho volumes one by one. Hence I in-
troduced this resolution, proposing that the
Clerk of the House be directed to make an in-
dex oftheso reports. I do not want this index
printed at all. The cost of the preparation of
this index will be inconsiderable: it probably
cannot exceed fifty dollars. The object is to
have an index prepared in manuscript, and de-
posited in the Library of the House of Repre-
sentatives, so that members can ascertain what
is contained in the various reports.
Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois. If the res-
olution provides simply for what the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mi. IJaxkk] states, I have
no objection to it.
Mr. BANKS. It contemplates nothing more
than that.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. Does it
provide for that alone in explicit terms?
Mr. BANKS. It docs not provide for the
printing of the index ; it. simply provides for
the compilation of an index.
Mr. WASHBURNE, nf Illinois. Does it
provide for a manuscript index to be deposited
in the [library of the House? 1 would like to
have the resolution again read.
Mr. BANKS. Permit me to say, Mr. Speaker,
that there is scarcely anything which would be
more important and useful to the House than
the work provided for by this resolution. The
cost of its preparation will be comparatively
nothing.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. T move to
amend the resolution so that it shall provide
the manuscript shall be deposited in the Library,
and shall not be, ordered to be printed.
Mr. SPALD IN G. J suggest the gentleman
from Illinois shall amend so as toprovide for a
limitation of the expense ; provided il shall not
exceed more than ,>5,000.
ill-. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, the resolution
provides that the index shall be in the custody
of the Cleik of the House; and there is where
it ought to be. There is an index from the
commencement of the Government up to 1839,
and this proposes simply to complete that index
up to the present time. 1 hope that the reso-
lution will not ho amended.
Mr. LATHAM. 1 will state further in ref-
erence to the amendment, that the index can-
not be printed under this resolution, and that
at'ior the manuscript has been prepared it will
require further action of the House in order to
have it printed.
I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and
the main question ordered.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois, modified his
; amendment so as to provide that the manu-
j script shall be deposited in the Clerk's office
] of the House of Representatives.
j The House divided on the amendment, and
; there were—aves t!6, noes GT.
| Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the yeas and nays. I want to see whether we
are to leave this entering wedge for the expend-
iture of thousands of dollars.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
nineteen ; not a sufficient number.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
tellers on the yeas and na\ s.
Telleis were ordered; and Messrs. Wasii-
buuxe of Illinois, and Latham, were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes nineteen ; not one fifth of those
present.
So the yeas and nays wore not ordered.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois, moved that
the resolution be laid upon the table.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 23,
noes 7.
Mr. SPALDING demanded the yeas and
nays.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky, demanded
tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered, and the yeas and
nays were not ordered.
So the resolution was not laid upon the table.
Mr. SPALDING demanded a division on the
adoption of the resolution.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 82,
noes 10.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. LATHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
Tho latter motion was agreed to.
REPRESENTATIVES FROM ALABAMA.
Mr. BROOKS. I lisoto a question of priv-
ilege. I hold in my hand the credentials of
six Representatives in Congress from Alabama.
I suppose they must go to the tomb of the Cap-
ulets. [Laughter.]
Membehs on the Republican side. Yes, yes,
that is it.
The SPEAKER. Under the order of the
House they will be referred, without debate,
to the joint committee on reconstruction.
women'S RIGHTS.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker, while I am up,
permit mo to ask a question in reference to my
duty on another subject. 1 hold in my hand the
petition of a large number of women who, for
my gallantry the other day, are favoring me
with a considerable number of petitions claim-
ing the right to vote; and on looking over the
list of the committees of the House, I can find
no committee to which I should refer that pe-
tition. 1 have thought of the Committee of
Claims, but I do not know whether the chair-
man of that committee Mould be sufficiently
gallant to give so important a petition itsproj«er
consideration. I have thought of the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads, which
icfers to mails, and might also bo supposed to
take an interest in females. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS. Let it be referred to a com-
mittee of old bachelors.
Mr. BROOKS. I next thought of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary ; but I thought my hon-
orable friend from Iowa, [Mr. Wij.kon] with
whom 1 once served, would not have gallantry
enough to give it attention. I therefore ask
the advice of the House as to where this new
subject, not recognized by the rules, shall be
referred.
Mr. STEVENS. Let it go to a special com-
mittee. so that we may have a report on it.
Mr. BROOKS. I thank the honorable gen-
flemanfrom Pennsylvania. I suppose the com-
mittee on reconstruction, which is absorbing
everything, and which has just absorbed the
credentials of the Representatives from Ala-
bama, will have to take into consideration the
claim of fifteen million women to the right to
vole. I move its reference to that committee.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move to refer it
to the Committee of Elections, where the gen-
tleman may have an opportunity to advocate it.
[Laughter. ]
Mr. BROOKS. I am now serving every day
on that committee, and I do not like it.
Mr. Buooks's motion was disagreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to say that this morn-
ing I sent to the Clerk of the House a similar
petition to that referred to by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Brooks.] I ask there-
fore that it may be referred to the same com-
mittee.
