177.8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
ruin to republican institutions. In the first
place, it would be sure to result in anarchy;
and in the second place, in order to be saved ;
from the horrors of anarchy, we should be com-
pelled to take refuge in despotic power, and-
the days of constitutional liberty would soon
be numbered. The doubt then was, and the
doubt now should be more firmly settled in
the public inind, that a. country as extensive as
that of the United States cannot exist except
by means of divided sovereignties; one sov-
ereignty having charge of all external matters,
or matters between the States to which the
powers of the States are inadequate ; the other
sovereignties having power over all internal
matters to the management of which thej^ate
adequate. Despotism would soon be our fate,
preceded by anarchy; the military chieftain
instead of being looked upon, as ho should be
by every republican, with alarm and concern,
would be hailed as a savior in order to save
us from the horrors of disorganization.
But look at the second section of this bill.
It declares that any person who under color of
any law shall subject or cause to be subjected
any inhabitant of any Stale or Territory to the
deprivation of any right secured or protected
by the bill, or to different punishment, pains,
or penalties than those prescribed for white
persons, shall be deemed guilty of a misde-
meanor, and on conviction shall bo punished by
fine or imprisonment or both. What says the
President, and what, as I think, is lie fully
justified in saying? He has not said it as
strongly as the exigency would have justified.
What is the meaning of the section? The
right has been given to make and enforce con-
tracts, dc.: and then the second section says,
in order to secure those rights, that he who
shall interfere with them under color of law
shall be considered a criminal. What is the
effect of that? In the first place, it assumes
what is true, that there is a statute, an ordi-
nance. a regulation, or a custom inconsistent
with the exercise of the rights secured by the
first section, an existing law, organic or statu-
tory, which declares who may sue, who may
contract, who may testify, who may hold real
and personal estate, who may inherit, who may
marry ; and if any judge, (as the President says
ami as I say,) who is called upon to decide
whether the State law is in force because this
law is unconstitutional, shall hold it to be in
force notwithstanding this law, is to be pun-
ished. The honorable member from Illinois
told us thai that is only true where there is an
intentional wrongful decision on the pait of
a judge. That, is not so, Mr. President. The
intention is presumed from the offense. If the
offense is clearly defined, an intention is made
no bar to the oll'ense; ho who commits the of-
fense islhe criminal. Here it is clearly, spe-
cifically defined : "You, a judge of the State .
court, who think proper to enforce as against j
any of the parties a judgment inconsistent with '
the rights secured by the first section of this
bill, in consequence of any law or regulation
of a State, shall bo liable to an indictment in
the courts of the United States, and punished
by fine, or imprisonment, or both."
The first section usurps, as I think, what has
heretofore been considered as the exclusive
authority of the States. The second section
goesastep further, and declares that the judge,
whether ho honestly or dishonestly decides that
the State law is binding irrespective of your
statute, shall be punished. This usurps a power
inconsistent with the independence and integ-
rity of the State judiciary. The first section
strikes at the legislative authoiity of the States ;
the next strikes at the judicial department of
the governments of the States, and the two lay
them both down at the footstool of Federal
power.
But that is not all. Unwilling to trust the
State courts with the authority to pass upon the
defined crimes, it gives to the district courts of
the United States within their districts, exclu-
sive of the courts of the States, jurisdiction.
Then it abolishes all the State courts, as far,
as relates to these offenses, and what, are the
cases in which this exclusive jurisdiction is
vested in the courts of the United States?
That tlie district courts of the United States,within
their respective districts, shall have, exclusively of
the courts of tho several. States, cognizance of all
crimes and offenses committed againstthe provisions
of this act, and also, concurrently with the circuit
courts of the United States, of all causes, civil and
criminal, affecting persons who arc denied or cannot
enforce in the courts or judicial tribunals of the
State or locality where they may be, any of the rights
secured to them bythe first section of this act; andif
any suit or prosecution, civil or criminal, has been or
shall be commenced in any State court against any
such person, fornny cause whatsoever, or against any
officer, civil or military, or other person, l'or any ar-
rest or imprisonment, trespasses, or wrongs done or
committed by virtue or under color of authority de-
rived from this act or the act establishing a Bureau
for the Relief of Freedmen and Refugees, and all acts
amendatory thereof, or for refusing to do any act
upon the ground that it would bo inconsistent with
this act, such defendant shall have the right to
remove such cause lor trial to the proper district or
circuit court in the manner pi escribed, by the act
relating to habeas corpus and regulating judicial pro-
ceedings in certain cases, approved March 3, 18G3,
and all acts amendatory thereof.
A black man being made to believe by the
provisions of this bill that the rights secured
to him. by the bill are improperly interfered
with by a State .or by some State officer, or one
of the commissioners or sub-commissioners or
agents, for there are hosts of them provided
for in subsequent parts of the bill, undertaking
without authority or by the use of unnecessary
harshness to arrest a white citizen of a State,
is met with the independence of a freeman who,
in the exertion of his right, of self-defense, slays
his assailant. He is to be tried in the courts
of the United States. Any such officer or
any colored person who, in the assertion of
the rights and authority which he supposes to
be conferred upon either by this act, slays a
white man, is not to be tiied for murder in a
State court, but must be tried in a court, of the
United States. How my friend from Illinois
can bring his mind to the belief that there ex-
ists any authority to give such jurisdiction to
tho courts of the United States, passes my
comprehension. I believe he at one time be-
longed to a party which held to a strict con-
struction of the Constitution. Here, practi-
cally, the bill goes upon the theory that there
is but one Government created bythe Constitu-
tion, having all legislative power and all judi-
cial power within the limits of every State. The
whole criminal code of the States, therefore,
is hereby abolished. Murder, theft, robbery,
are offenses which nobody, until this bill was
proposed, ever dreamed, if committed within
the limits of a State, could be tried in any other
court than in the courts of the State.
'The honorable member leferred to the act
of 17!)0, but it relates entirely to different sub-
jects, and all the statutes to which he adverted
arc statutes of the same description. What is
the twenty-sixth section of the act of 1790 to
which he referred? The preceding section pio-
vided that no one should sue a foreign minister,
and the section to which my friend referred
particularly, said that if a party did sue a for-
eign minister he should be liable to be punished.
Certainly; but why? Because the Government
of the United States was vested with the exclu-
sive authority in all eases depending upon the
law of nations; and the law of nations saving
from responsibility embassadors accredited to
the United States, for civil debts, he who at-
tempted to interfere offended against the Gov-
ernment, and he offended in relation to a sub-
ject exclusively committed to the General
Government. The power, therefore, which
Congress exerted in the particular legislation
to which the honorable member reverted is just
the power which they exert when they provide
for the punishment of any man who counterfeits
the currency of the United Statos, or forges its
paper, or forges its bonds, or interferes with
the administration of the Post Office Depart-
ment. Thcse^are all powers incidental to the
possession of the express power, and in the
ease to which he adverted the express power
was one necessarily belonging to the Govern-
ment, because it was a power belonging to and
regulated by the law of nations, and not by any
municipal regulation.
The honorable member from Illinois tells
us that these powers should be granted, and
granted now; that the President's objection,
that there are eleven States not now repre-
sented, is entitled to no consideration what-
ever. The honorable member seems to suppose
that the President adverted to the fact that there
were eleven States not represented as showing
that Congress possessed no constitutional au-
thority to legislate upon the subject, supposing
that they would have had the authority if those
States were represented. That is got the view
taken by the Presideut; it is an entire misap-
prehension of tlie doctrine of the President,
tie says no such thing, and he intimates no
such thing. But assuming, what in another
part of the message he denies, that the author-
ity might be considered as existing, he sub-
mits as a question of policy whether it is right
to change the whole domestic economy of those
eleven States, in the absence of any represen-
tation upon this floor from them. My honor-
able friend asked whose fault it is that they
are not represented; not for the purpose of an
ad eaptandum appeal, for that, I suppose, he
is incapable of, as he animadverted upon it
when the President was imagined to have
indulged in such thing—not in the spirit of
the demagogue, which he never indulges in—he
asked, whose faultisit? Why are they nothere?
lie says their hands are reeking with the blood
of loyal men; that they are unable to take the
oath which a statute that he assumes to be con-
stitutional has provided ; and he would have
the country and the Senate to believe that that
is the reason why tlicy are not here. Is that
tho fact, Mr. President? These States are
organized, and how organized? What have
they done ? They have abolished slavery by an
astonishing unanimity; they have abolished
nearly all the distinctions which antecedently
existeil between the two races. They have
permitted the negroes to sue ; they have per-
mitted them to testify ; they have not yet per-
mitted them to vote. Some of them have
clected to Congress men who have gone fur-
ther than my honorable friend from Illinois in
efforts to suppress this rebellion, men who have
periled their livc-s upon many a battle-field for
that end, and who can take that oath just as
conscientiously as either of us; and yet they
are not received.
Why are theynot received ? Because, in the
judgment of the Senate, before the States can
be considered as restored, congressional legis-
lation on the subject is necessary. Whose
fault is it that there has not been congressional
legislation? Isitthefanlt of theeleven States?
Certainly not; it is our own fault. And wdiy
is it that wo are in point of tact delaying their
admission, whether it be considered as a fault
or not? Because we want to inquire into the
condition of these States. Why, in the name
of Heaven, how long have we been here ? We
came here early in December, and this is the
mouth of April; and here we may remain until
July, or, as rumor has it, until next December,
and shall we be satisfied within that time that
congressional legislation may be safely adopted ?
And are those States to blame ? How are they
to be judged? Bythe conduct of individual
men? I can go, I have no doubt, into tho State
so ably represented by my friend from Illinois
and find men there by the hundred wdio are just
as disloyal as the same number of men who can
be found in any of tho States formerly in rebel-
lion: that is to say, disloyal in the sense in
which the term is used in modern times—dis-
loyal in not having confidence in the powers
that be. Formerly it was want of confidence
in the President. Now, confidence in the Presi-
dent is evidence of disloyalty ; now, disloyalty
is want of confidence in Congress ; and if any
citizen of the South or anywhere else says,
what he believes, that the course of the legis-
lative department of the Government is calcu-
lated to continue the state of things which now
exists, and continue to all practical purposes
the war, he is considered as disloyal.
How are these States now, to pursue tlie
thought a step further? The executive branch
