3698
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
ing over a vast region of country. I submit
to the chairman of the Judiciary Committee
whether we had better not leave the circuit as
it stood in the original bill. West Virginia,
Ohio, and Michigan would make a circuit of
Sbout three and a half million people, more
than the average, with a large amount of busi-
ness. Michigan has two districts with a very
large water coast and a great deal of business.
Ohio has two districts, the court sitting at
Cleveland and Cincinnati, with a large amount
of business. "West Virginia added to them will
be a circuit large enough ; while the proposed
circuit is Ohio, Michigan, Kentucky, and Ten-
nessee, spreading over a vast region of country,
with five million people, and with more busi-
ness I think than ought to be embraced in one
circuit. I therefore prefer the arrangement,
so far as the circuit in which I live is concerned,
in the original House bill. I hope the Sena-
tor will allow it to remain so, if he can in har-
mony with the rest of the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The circuits are neces-
sarily large. The Senator from Ohio is aware
that a bill has passed the Senate and is pend-
ing in the other House to relieve the supreme
judges entirely from circuit duty and establish
an intermediate court of appeal.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And that court will be
held at but one place in each judicial circuit.
Mr. SHERMAN. The circuit court?
Mr. TRUMBULL, it will be a court of
appeals. It will be held at but one place in
each circuit. The circuit in which Judge
Swayne presides is large, and perhaps there
will be more business in it than in some of
the other circuits ; but necessarily, the Sen-
ator must see, the circuits have to be very
large, and the Senators from West Virginia—
I think the Senators; if not the Senators some
other persons—thought it would bo entirely
better that West Virginia should be in the same
circuit with Virginia and Maryland. Their
laws and their mode of practice are m-ore in
conformity with those of those States as a
matter of course, having been a part of Vir-
ginia formerly, while there is no similarity
between them and the proceedings in Ohio.
Under the system that is to bo adapted there
is to be bat one place of holding the appellate
court in each circuit. In the bill that passed
the Senate, I do not know where it was fixed
in that circuit; but the House is proposing to
change the place that was fixed upon, and 1
do not remember where they proposed to
change it; but that bill has not yet passed
the House. The Senator from Ohio will see
that there will be no traveling over the circuit;
and after considering the matter as well as we
could—it is difficult to arrange these circuits
so as to suit every local interest—taking every-
thing into consideration, the committee agreed
ivpon this arrangement as the best we could
make, and I hope the Senate will notchangc it.
The change of one will involve the change of
others.
Mr. SHERMAN. But it involves very ma-
terial interests. I will state to the Senator
that the bill, as it passed the Senate, fixed the
court for this circuit at Cleveland. It is con-
venient for the judges, convenient for Michi-
gan, convenient for West Virginia, and con-
venient for the'two districts of Ohio, while, if
it is put at Columbus, wo have no court-house
there; we shall be compelled to build a court-
house there; neither of the judges live there
except Judge Swayne.; neither of the district
judges live there. It would be expensive and in-
convenient to compel all the suitory to go to the
interior of the State of Ohio instead of Cleve-
land, the proper place. Ishallvote against the
amendment. My colleague is familiar with it,
and the Senators from Michigan know that the
business relations of the three States of West
Virginia, Ohio, and Michigan harmonize very
well; and by having them together it would
enable the court to be 'held where it is conven-
ient. I do not wish to embarrass the bill; I
simply want to have our court held at the place
where it is convenient for our people.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This bill does not pro-
vide the place where it is to be held.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know; but this arrange-
ment necessarily compels the court to be held
probably at Cincinnati, and makes the circuit
reach from Tennessee to Michigan.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is there any objection
to holding the court at Cincinnati ?
Mr. SHERMAN- None, except that it is
so remote from a great portion of the circuit.
It will comprise over five million people with
a large coast along Lake Erie and Lake Michi-
gan, and stretching from the extreme northern
boundary of this country on Lake Superior to
the south boundary of Tennessee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator willloolc
at the bill as it came from the House of Repre-
sentatives, he will see that that circuit is not
near as large as Maryland, Delaware, Virginia,
North Carolina, and South Carolina, which con-
stitute the fourth circuit by the bill; it is not
near as large as Georgia, Florida, Alabama,
Mississippi, Louisiana, and Texas, which con-
stitute ihe fifth circuit by the House bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is much larger in pop-
ulation.
Mr. HOWARD. I desire to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary
where the court of appeals for that circuit is
to be held according to the bill which is now
pending in the House.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I cannot tell you.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is to be held at Cleve-
land, as the bill passed the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think the House com-
mittee propose to alter it to Columbus.
Mr. HO WARD. The most convenient place
for my State would be Cleveland.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That question is not
before us now.
Mr. HOWARD. But if you alter the cir-
cuit as suggested by this amendment you will
have to change the plaee of holding the court
of appeals.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is not the question
now.
Mr. HOWARD. I think it comes in very
fairly here. The circuit would be entirely too
large. I shall vote against the amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the Sen-
ate ready for the question on the amendment?
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is the amend-
ment?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is changing the cir-
cuits as the House have them. The United
States arc divided into nine circuits.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It does not change the
first.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir; nor the sec-
ond. It changes the third circuit by putting
another State in it. It equalizes them, as we
think, better than is done in the House bill.
I hope this arrangement will not be interfered
with, for if you commence in the Senate, on
motion, to change one circuit you have got to
change the others, and then eventually you will
have to refer the bill back to some committee
to arrange them all. I think they are as fairly
arranged as they can be. The Senator from
Ohio says this is a large circuit. It is not any
larger than some others.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What circuit is that?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The circuit in which
Ohio is situated, the sixth circuit by the amend-
ment of the committee. The amendment pro-
vides, ''that the districts of Ohio, Michigan,
Kentucky, and Tennessee, shall constitute the
sixth circuit."
Mr. JOHNSON. The first and second cir-
cuits arc not interfered with.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir. I trust the
amendment of the committee will be adopted.
Mr. HOWARD. Ihopeitwillnotbeadopted,
for the reason that this sixth circuit is entirely
too large in comparison with the other circuits,
in my opinion. It embraces a vast surface of
the territory of the United States, commencing
upon the divisional boundary line at the north,
and terminating at the south with the southern
boundary of Tennessee. The population of
that circuit at the present time, I suppose, must
be at least six millions, probably even more than
that. I imagine that this is the largest circuit
that has been carved out, and covering a vast
tract of country, and it will be next to impos-
sible for the people of Michigan to attempt to
litigate business before the court of appeals at
the place where that court will probably be
held. If this bill pass it will necessitate the
removal of the court of appeals from Cleve-
land, which is sufficiently inconvenient in a'll
conscience to us now,.to Cincinnati, for the
accommodation -of Kentucky and Tennessee.
It will be a most inconvenient and costly pro-
ceeding for us to be compelled to go to Cin-
cinnati to try our appeals, and I think unrea-
sonably so, consuming a vast deal of our time.
We might as well come to Washington before
the Supreme Court of the United States, with
just as much convenience and with as little
expense.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes nine-
teen, noes not counted.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There was no other
amendment reported by the committee; but
since the bill has been reported to the Senate
I have been instructed by the committee to
offer an amendment, which is to strike out all
of the first section after the word "that" and
to insert the following:
No vacancy in the office of associate justice of tho
Supreme Uourt&liall be filled by appointment until
the number of associato justices shall be reduced to
six, and thereafter the said Supreme Court shall con-
sist of a chief justice of the United States and six
associate justices, and four of whom shall be a quo-
rum ; and the said court shall hold one term annu-
ally at the seat of Government, and such adjourned
or special terms as it may find necessary for the dis-
patch of business.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section:
And be it further enacted, That the_ Chief Justice,
■with the approval of the court, may Appoint a mar-
shal, who shall attend its sessions, execute its pro-
cess, take charge of tho property^ of the United
States used by said court, and perform such other
duties as may be by law fairly required of h im. The
compensation of said marshal shall be $3,000 a year,
and he shall collect all foes allowed by law on pro-
cess executed and forscrviGes performed by him, and
shall pay the same into the Treasury of tho United
States.
Mr. JOHNSON. I should like to inquire
of the honorable mover of that amendment
what is the necessity for it. The marshal has
been appointed by the President, with the con-
sent of the Senate, from the beginning of the
Government to the present time. This amend-
ment only provides for a marshal for the Su-
preme Court. No inconvenience has resulted
from the present mode of appointment that
I am aware of.
Mr. HARRIS. The marshal of the court
now is the marshal of the District of Columbia.
In fact, that officer is engaged with his other
duties in the District attending the other courts
in the District, and he is obliged to send an
agent or a deputy to attend the Supreme Court
of the United States. The judges of that court
desire, and I think it is peculiarly proper, that
they should have their own marshal to attend
their court to execute the duties of such an
officer ; and it seems to me proper enough that
the court itself should appoint that officer.
There is a fitness in it, in my judgment. As I
understand it, it will be very litttle, if any,
expense to the Government. The fees that
that officer will receive wiil amount to as much
as the salary provided. The amendment will
furnish the court with an officer of their own
selection, to be present at the sessions of the
court, to attend to the duties and orders of
the court, instead of being obliged now to
depend upon some deputy or inferior officer
who may be sent there by the marshal of this
District. It seems to me peculiarly proper
that this dignified court should have an offi-
cer of their own appointment during their
session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Ihope the Senator from
New York "will not insist on that amendment
oil this bill.. It is an amendment which has
not been considered by anjr committee, has
not been recommended, and is brought in here
