1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2739
Wilson's, and Winnebago Islands, and for
property in Rock Island which has been taken,
m pursuance of law, for military purposes,
or so much thereof, and no more, as may be
necessary to pay the respective claimants such
amounts as may be reported by the board of
commissioners authorized by the act of April
19, 18C4, and ordered by the United States
circuit court to be paid to each; and also to
appropriate $100,000 to secure water-power at
the head of Rock Island, and $100,000 to erect
storehouses for the preservation of arms and
other munitions of war, and to establish com-
munication between Rock Island arsenal and
the cities of Davenport, Iowa, and Rock Island,
Illinois.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. GRIMES. I rise to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
how much of the money appropriated under
the first clause of the fourth section is to be
expended in purchasing Benham's, Wilson's,
ana Winnebago Islands, and how much is to
be expended in the payment of claims to that
portion of Rock Island that has been pur-
chased of other individuals.
Mr. WILSON. I do not know that I can
answer the Senator precisely in regard to the
amount necessary to purchase these three small
islands. But the Ordnance department very
strongly recommend the purchase of these isl-
ands, especially the upper one. I think that
but a very small portion of the $293,000 ap-
propriated in the bill is for the purpose of
paying for the land. We had a map furnished
us by the Ordnance department, showing the
Sosition of all these islands; and General
>yer, the head of that department, in a letter
gets forth the necessity for their possession by
the Government. I do not know that an esti-
mate has been made of the precise amount that
these small islands will cost. They are very
small islands, one of them only a couple of
acres, one seven acres, and the other but a
mere dot in the river. I do not think they will
cost a great deal. The department say that it
is for the interest of the arsenal there to have
these three small islands.
Mr. GRIMES. This clause provides for an
appropriation of $293,000, or so much thereof
as may be necessary, to purchase Benham's,
Wilson's, and Winnebago Islands, and to pay
for the property on Rock Island, which has
been taken in pursuance of law for military
purposes. I am somewhat familiar with that
island and the country around there. Rock
Island has always been reserved -by the Gov-
ernment for military purposes. When all the
surrounding country both in Iowa and Illinois
■was sold that was reserved except two tracts,
one on the west side of it next to the Iowa
channel, which by act of Congress was granted
to a gentleman who formerly lived there by
the name of Davenport, embracing. I think,
about one hundred and forty acres, and apiece
of land that was granted to a party who built a
dam at the upper end of the island.
It is desirable that the Government should
secure that land which we have already granted
away, and I understand that it has been ap-
praised at a very large price; I do not know
how much; probably, though, we shall be
compelled to take it at that appraisement.
What I want to know is, how much of this
money is to be expended for the purchase of
property on Rock Island proper, and how much
of it is to be used in purchasing these small
islands. Wilson's Island I know something
about, and 1 cannot conceive of what earthly
use it can be to the Government. It has been
made sinee I have known that country; it has
been made within thirty years by accretion, and
upon it have grow.i up some cotton-tree sap-
lings as large as a man's leg and I think not
much larger.
The second item aays:
To secure water pott cr at the head of Rook Island,
$100,000.
Is that for the building of a dam or is it to
secure the title to the land which we have
already conveyed under authority of an act of
Congress to the party that went there and made
a claim some twenty-five years ago? I only
seek information in regard to it. I know that
it is important that these appropriations should
be made. That is the place of all others on
the continent where there should be an arsenal,
and a large one. Such has been the convic-
tion of all the military officers who have exam-
ined the subject for the last thirty years ; but
I should like to know exactly what is proposed.
Mr._ TRUMBULL. I do not know that I
can give the Senator from Iowa the precise
information that he desires, though I saw Gen-
eral Rodman, who is in command at Rock
Island, when he was here, and he showed me
the maps and explained to me the necessity, as
they supposed, for having these islands. I do
not suppose the price is fixed. The act which
I have before me of 18G4 authorized the con-
demnation of property and jirescribed the means
of condemning it. A portion of Rock Island
belongs to private individuals, and some of that
property has been condemned, I think, and
probably these islands have not been con-
demned. The bill under consideration here
provides for paying the claimants such amounts
as may be reported by the board of commis-
sioners authorized by the act of April 19, 1804.
That act provides for the appointment of com-
missioners by the court, I think. I have not
had time to read it to-day, but I recollect the
act provided for the appointment of commis-
sioners by the United States court to condemn
the lands.
Mr. GRIMES. The information I want is
where is the necessity for the purchase of these
three islands, what are called islands here, and
how much it is proposed to pay for them.
There must be some information furnished by
the War Department.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The last inquiry I can
answer. It is proposed to pay for them what-
ever the commissioners appointed by the court
find them to be worth. That is the provision of
the bill. What that may be I cannot say, and
I do not suppose anybody knows ; probably
persons acquainted there could tell something
about it. It is here provided that we shall
pay whatever amount shall be found by the
commission authorized by the act of April 19,
1864, to assess the damages for taking private
property on Rock Island, Illinois, for a military
arsenal. That fixes that.
Mr. GRIMES. That does not extend to
these other islands.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This bill provides that
they are to be paid such amount as may be
reported by the board of commissioners au-
thorized by the act of April 19, 1804. This
board is appointed according to that act. The
act of 18G4 authorized the Secretary of War
"To take and hold full, complete, and permanent
possession m behalf ol the I.'nitcd (states, of alt the
lands and shores of the inland of Rock Inland, in the
State of Illinois, thesame.wiicnso possessed. To beheld
and kept as a military reservation l>y the "War De-
partment, upon which shall he built and maintained
an arsenal for the eonstrm tion, d, posit, and repair
of arms and munitions of war, and such other mili-
tary establishments as have been or may be author-
ized by law to be placed thereon in connection with
such arsenal."
That act further provided :
"That if it shall appear upon examination by the
Attorney General of the United States of the titles
of the land on Itock Island taken and occupied by
the Secretary of "War for an arsenal and other mili-
tary purposes, as provided in the foregoing- section,
that any part or parcels thereof arenow theproperty
of, and arerightfullypossessed by, any individual or
corporation aa his or thcirown private piopelty, Hie
value of such private property so taken, and a just
compensation for any damages caused by such tak-
ing, shall, if mutually agreed on by the Secretary of
War and the rightful owner or owners thereof, and
approved by tho President, be paid in the Secretary
ot the Treasury to said risiittul owner or owners so
agreeing, out of the appropriations made or to be
made for the construction of said arsenal: Protidc'l,
That before such payment shall be made, the said
owner or owners of such private lands so taken, or
such of them as shall agree, shall by good and suffi-
cient deed or deed=, indue form of law, and m oved
by tho Attorney General of the United States, fuily
release and convey to the United States all their and
each of their several and respective rights in uad
titles to such lands so taken,
"Sec.3. Andbc it further enacted. Thai if the Secre-
tary of War shall not agree with any private owner
or owners of land so taken for the use of the United
States for military purposes, or if any such owner or
owners shall refuse to accept the sum to be paid to
him or them by the Secretary of the Treasury as and
for the true value thereof, or shall from any other
cause neglect or fail for the space of twelve months
after s'ueh taking to execute and deliver the deed or
deeds thereof needful, m the opinion of the Attor-
ney General of the United States, to convey to the
United States the title of said lands taken, there
shall forthwith be selected three competent persons,
who shall be named and appointed by the President,
and shall by him be constituted a board of commis-
sioners, whose duty it shall bo to hear the parties
interested, who may appear before them upon reason-
able notice of time and place, and ascertain tho true
value of the land taken."
These commissioners are to assess the value
of this land.
Mr. GRIMES. Exactly, on Rock Island.
Mr. TRUMBULL. By this bill on all these
islands.
Mr. GRIMES. Where is that authority con-
ferred upon them by this bill?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understood it to do so.
Mr. WILSON. This bill gives the authority.
Mr. GRIMES. No, it d6es not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This bill authorizes it.
The Senator will find it in the fourth section:
To liquidate claims for property in Benham's,
Wilson's, and Winnebago Islands, and forpropeity
in Rock Island which has been taken, in pursuance
of law, for military purposes, $293,600, or so much
thereof, and no more, as may be necessary to pay the
respective claimants such amounts as may be reported
by the board of commissioners authorized by the act
of April 19,186-4, and ordered by the United States
circuit court to be paid to each.
Mr. GRIMES. This bill does not revive that
act at all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Perhaps the bill is de-
fective. I have not examined it verv care-
fully.
Mr. JOHNSON. Let me ask the Senator
what is the date of the act to which he referred
just now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. April 19. 1804.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then that is the end of it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the bill proba-
bly contains all that is necessary.
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator will allow
me, the third section of the bill provides—
That the provisions of the act, approved April
19,1864. entitled "An act in addition to an act for the
establishment of certain arsenals," be :o extended
as to include tho small islands contiguous to Rock
Island, and known as Benham's, Wilson's, and Win-
nebago Islands.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It will be seen that by
that section the provisions of the act of April
19, 1864. are extended so as to embrace these
three islands, and then the amount to be paid
is the amount that is assessed by these com-
missioners. I do not suppose anybody ca> 
know what the amount will be until the assesv-
ment is made.
I wish to say. in reply to the other question
asked by the Senator from Iowa, that in a con-
versation which I had with General Rodman
he explained what he supposed to be the neces-
sity of having these islands, and my recollec-
tion of it is that they desire to have then' isl-
ands in connection with the water power which
they want to use in some way. and they think
it necessary to have control over them. I do
not suppose they are very valuable. The Y\ ar
Department deem it necessary in their arrange-
ments to have these islands ; perhaps the Sen-
.ator from Massachusetts can explain why; but
as to the price, thatwill depend upon th" assess-
ment.
Mr. WILSON. I have here a letter of Gen-
eral Dyer to the Secretary of War in regard to
this whole matter. General Dyer says, in his
letter:
"The act of April 19, "IS64, hefu-e referred to. gives
authority to the Secretary of War to take and hoid-
full, complete, and permanent possession, in benalf
of the Uniied State--, uf all the laud? and shores of
the island of Hock l>land, in the State of Illinois;
.. ebagolsiand". will be to ex tend the pi o visions of tuat
act so as to include them, llieir owiu r--mpsndoecu-
pan; y by the U nited States are oecevsap" for carrying
out the m;;i(-iry purposes of the act, in auuitiou to
the ownership and occupancy of the laud* and hoivs
ot Rook Island already pi o\ ldud foi."
He does not stale why it is necessary, but that
