1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3699
in the Senate to create a new officer for tlje
court. There has been no official communi-
cation from the court to the committee on the j
subject. I have heard nothing of it until it is
now proposed for the first time in the Senate.
I do not know of any necessity there is for the
Supreme Court to appoint their own marshal
any more than for the judges of the district
courts or the judges of the circuit courts to
appoint their own marshals. An officer is fur-
nished under the law to attend upon ail these
courts. If there is any complaint about it, of
course I should feel disposed to correct it. I
do not see any difficulty that can arise under
the present law. But this is a question that
has not been considered, and I trust the Sen-
ator from New York will not press it, upon
this bill at any rate. This'bill is for a specific
object only. I hope he will let it go over until
some other bill shall come in or until we shall
have some further information in regard to it.
Mr. HARRIS. I dislike to press this amend-
ment against the wishes of the chairman of the
Committee on the Judiciary. It is true it has
not been submitted to that committee. The
amendment lias been suggested to me by the
judges of the court. It was not an original
idea with me by any means; but the moment
the suggestion was made, it struck me as so
peculiarly fit that I supposed any lawyer, any
person who was at all familiar with the busi-
ness of the court, would see that it was proper
that they should have an officer of this sort of
their own. We all know, those of us who are
at all familiar with the condition of things in
the court, that they are without such an officer
there, except as the marshal of this District,
who is unable to attend there much, chooses
to send them some inferior officer. I am dis-
appointed to find that the amendment meets
with the opposition it does from the quarter
from which incomes.
Air. JOHNSON. This would be a singular
provision, as I think, and one not to be found I
in auy of the States, that I am aware of. You
might as well propose that a State court should
appoint the sheriff. The marshal here has all
the powers of a sheriff in executing process,
and it has always been supposed that the ap-
pointment should be in the executive authority,
whatever that might be, and not the judicial
authority. There is no instance that 1 have
ever heard of where a courtitself was author-
ized to appoint its own executive officers. I
think it is liable to objection on that account.
Now, in relation to the practice and effect of
the present system, I never heard from any of
the judges any ground of complaint. The
marshal has generally been there in person,
but if he was not there, he had_ some deputy
who was apparently faithfully discharging the
duties of his place. 1 submit, therefore, to my
friend from New York that at least he had bet-
ter not press it upon this bill, because it might
defeat the bill, or delay its passage, which
would be equivalent to a defeat.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended and the amendments were concurred
in and ordered to be engrossed and the bill to
be read a third, time. It was read the third
time and passed.
NIAGARA SHIP-CANAL.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 344) to incorporate the Niagara Ship-
Canal Company.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is a bill in which
my colleague [Mr. Mokrill] takes a good deal
of interest. He is now getting well; but I sup-
pose he is unable to come out to-day on ac-
count of the inclemency of the weather; and I
liope the bill will be postponed until he comes
into the Senate. He will probably be here
to-morrow if the weather is good.
Mr. HOWE. I ask if that request is made
at his direction.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; but I know
the fact. He is a member of the Committee
on. Commerce which reported this bill, and he
would like to be present when it is considered;
indeed I know he would.
.Mr. IIOWE. I think I understand precisely
how much interest the Senator from Maine
takes in it, and just what his interest is. I
have more interest in having him here, I think,
than he has in being here, and I have delayed
the bill a good while to have him here.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He was here yesterday.
Mr. HOWE. He was here for a short time
yesterday.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And probably will be
here to-morrow, if the weather will allow him,
as he is now recovering.
Mr. JOHNSON. If the honorable member
will permit me, the Senator from Maine not
now in his seat told me yesterday that he was
exceedingly desirous to be here when this bill
should be taken up. It was suggested to take
it up yesterday while he was out tor a moment,
and when he came back he told me that. He
did not request me to state it; but I state it as
what I am sure is his wish : and I think he
added that he had no doubt the Senator from
Wisconsin would very willingly indulge him for
a day or two longer.
Mr. HOWE. Then will the Senate indulge
me in taking up the bill and setting it down as
the special order for to-morrow at one o'clock?
Mr. FESSENDEN. With the understand-
ing that it is to be proceeded with if my col-
league is here at that time.
Mr.TRUMBULL. I think thatallwill agree,
inasmuch as the bill is now being pat over for
the Senator from Maine, that it shall come up
to-morrow without setting it down as a special
order. I presume that will be the understand-
ing ; and I move now that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of Senate bill No. 386.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
before the Senate is not disposed of.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose the Senator
from Wisconsin will not insist on his motion.
Mr. HOWE. I will not press it against the
wishes of the friends of the measure.
Th(j PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the mo-
tion withdrawn?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir; I withdraw it.
ENLARGEMENT OF CAPITOL GROUNDS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I renew my mo-
tion to proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No. 380.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 380) to enlarge the
public grounds surrounding the Capitol. It
proposes that the public grounds surrounding
the Capitol be enlarged (according to the plan
approved by the Committees on Public Build-
ings of the Senate and House of Representa-
tives respectively, which plan is directed to
be deposited in the custody of the Secretary
of the Interior) by extension between First
street east and First street west, in the follow-
ing manner: northwardly to the south side of
north B street, and southwardly to the north
side of south B street, including, in addition
to so much of the reservations, avenues, and
streets as are necessary for such extension, the
two squares designated on the plan of the city
of Washington as Nos. 087 and 083 respect-
ively.
It is to be the duty of the Secretary of the
Interior to purchase from the owner or owners
at such price, not exceeding its actual cash
value, as may be mutually agreed on between
the Secretary and such owner or owners, and
not exceeding the appraisal made by the coin-
mission of nine in their report to Robert Ould,
United States district attorney for the District
of Columbia, on the 21st of January, 18Cl..such
private property as may be necessary for car-
rying the act into effect, the value of the prop-
erty so purchased to be paid to the owner or
owners on the requisition of the Secretary ; but
before payment shall be made the owner or
owners of the property purchased are, by good
and sufficient deed or deeds in due form of
law and approved by the Attorney General of
the United States, to fully release and convey
to the United States their several and respect-
ive rights in the titles to such lands and prop-
erty so purchased.
If the Secretary of the Interior shall not be
able to agree with the owner or owners upon
the price to be paid, or if, for any other cause,
he shall be unable to obtain the title to any such
property by mutual agreement with the owner or
owners, it is to be his duty to make application to
the supreme court of the District of Columbia*;
which court is required, upon such application,
in such mode and under such rules and regu-
lations as it may adopt, to make a just and
equitable appraisement of the cash value of the
several interests of each and every owner of the
real estate and improvements thereon neces-
sary to be takenfor the public use and to which
the Secretary has been unable to obtain thetitle
by mutual agreement with the owner or own-
ers. The fee-simple of all premises so appro-
priated for public use, of which an appraise-
ment shall have been made under the order
and direction of the court, is upon payment to
the owner or owners respectively of the ap-
praised value, or in case the owner or owners
refuse or neglect for fifteen days after the ap-
praisement of the cash value of the lands and
improvements by the court to demand it from
the Secretary of the Interior, upon depositing
the appraised value in the court to the credit
of such owner or owners respectively to be
vested in the United States. And the Secre-
tary of the Interior is to pay to the several
owner or owners the appraised value of the
several premises as specified in the appraise-
ment of the court, or pay into court by deposit,
the appraised value.
The court may direct the time and manner
in which possession of the property condemned
shall be taken or delivered, and may, if neces-
sary, enforce any order or issue any process for
giving possession. The costs occasioned by the
inquiry and assessment are to be paid by the
United States; and as to other costs which may
arise, they are to be charged or taxed as the
court may direct. No delay in making an as-
sessment of compensation, or in taking pos-
session, is to be occasioned by any doubt which
may arise as to the ownership of the property,
or any part of it, or as to the interests of the
respective owners, but in such cases the court
is to require a deposit of the money allowed as
compensation for the whole property, or the
part in dispute. In all cases, as soon as the
United States shall have paid the compensation
assessed, or secured its payment, by a deposit
of money, under the order of the court, pos-
session of the property may be taken.
The Washington and Georgetown Railroad
Company are required to remove their track
from Delaware avenue, between A and B streets
north, and from the Capitol grounds, and to
run the same along B street north to First street
east, thence along First street east to the main
line on Pennsylvania avenue, as now estab-
lished ; and the Metropolitan Railroad Company
are required to remove the track of their road
Irom A street north and from New Jersey ave-
nue, between A and B streets north.
The sum of 530,000 is appropriated, to be
expended under the direction of the Secretary
of the Interior, in grading, filling up, removing'
buildings, and improving the public grounds
and streets around the Capitol as herein en-
larged; but no grading of the public square
east of the Capitol is to be commenced until
the title to the private property to be purchased
under the provisions of the act shall bo acquired
by the United States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is a misprint in
the printing of the bill at the close of the sec-
ond section. It now reads:
Fully release and convey to the United States all;
their and each of their respective riahts in said titles:
to such lands and property so purchased.
It should read, "all their rights and titles to
such lands," &c.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That cor-
rection will bo made, if there be no objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If I can have the atten-
tion of Senators, as this is a matter in which
