1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
nn
of the Government recognizes them as in to all
intents and purposes. Tie judicial department
of the Government has done the same thing.
I took occasion upon a previous day to advert
to an order of the Supreme Court ou that sub-
ject, which demonstrated that in the opinion of
that tribnnqj the States were now in the Union,
as far as that department of the Government
is concerned. Since then, under an order passed
by themselves some four weeks ago, they have
been hearing cases from those States, and the
last order announced by the Chief Justice on
the last day of the court's sitting said that all
the cases from the southern States would be
called in their order at the beginning of the
next term.
Then, with reference to the other two depart-
ments of the Government, these States are now
in the enjoyment of all the rights which the
Constitution of the United Stales can give them.
We alone stand in the way of a complete res-
toration. The oath does not keep all out. I
have reason to believe that a great many men
of the party to which my frien^ from Illinois
belongs are of opinion that the oalh should be
modified; but if you adhere to the oath, the
States can and will send representatives wlio
can take it. But that will not do ; there is some
apprehension that if they are represented here,
some mischief may be the result. Mischief of
what kind? Mischief of a party character?
That should not influence the deliberations of
the Senate, and I have no reason to suppose it
does. But irrespective of mischief of a party
character what possible inconvenience or dis-
advantage can result from the fact of their
being represented on this floor? Do we not
want them ? There is not a member, I am sure,
on the floor of the Senate that would not like
to shake by the hand those who are now loyal
in the southern States, forget the past, and
regard the present and the future. But no:
we keep tl|gm out, and the fact of their being
kept out is relied upon by the honorable mem-
ber from Illinois as justifying this legislation ;
if they were in, the concession seems to be that
the legislation would be clearly unconstitu-
tional.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then it would be consti-
tutional whether they were in or out?
Mr. TUUMBULL. Undoubtedly, in my
opinion.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think, with you, just as
constitutional whether they are in or whether
they are out; that is to say, it is not constitu-
tional whether they are in or out. Where is
the occasion for it? Does anybody suppose
that the rights of the black man are not just
as safe in the southern States as they are now
organized, whatever those rights may be, as
"the rights of the white man in many of the
loyal States? Go to Missouri; what do we
see there? Under a constitution which makes
it a crime to pi ay or to preach in public with-
out taking a certain oath presciibcd by it,
preachers are actually taken out of the pulpit,
punished, thrown into prison. Why do you
not legislate to protect them? Is it because
you go upon the assumption that the State has
a right by its own constitution to provide that
no man shall preach unless he takes such an
oath as the constitution of the State may pre-
scribe? What I mean to say is, that if un-
constitutional interference with private rights
justifies an appeal of this description, then I
invoke my friend fiym Illinois to draft a bill
which will cover the cases that arc occurring
now in the State of Missouri. I refer to that
State with no view to disparage the State. In
iny judgment her constitution in that particu-
lar js clearly invalid. Whether it is or not
"will be ascertained at a future day by the de-
cision of the Supreme Court. But one thing
is certain, that, apparently, rights are invaded ;
and if the existence of an authority in the
States to invade rights clothes the Congress of
the United States with authority to legislate
011 the subject of lights, then we ought to le-
gislate with regard to that State. But that is
not the onlv State: Are not horrid enormities
practiced every day, robberies unheard of, mur-
ders more atrocious than perhaps the world has
heretofore witnessed, in some of the loyal States
of the Bast, robberies in broad day? With
just as much constitutional authority might we
claim a right to legislate and appoint commis-
sioners and snb-eommission'ers for the purpose
,of making arrests throughout the loyal States
in cases of that description, as we have in the
cases provided for in this bill.
I was about to advert to a speech made in
another department of the Government, but
perhaps that would not be strictly in order.
It is sufficient for my purpose to say that a
gentleman of legal ability, who has been called
upon to examine this question, and under
official responsibility too, concurs in' opinion
with the President that the bill is wholly un-
constitutional, and he not among the friends
of the President.
I have but a word or two more to say. My
honorable friend from Illinois, as it seemed to
me—his nature is impulsive, and perhaps he
was carried further than he intend', d—seemed
to intimate that the President of die United
States had not acted sincerely in this matter,
that his usurpation was a clear one, and that
ho was to be censured for that usurpation.
What has lie done? He has vetoed this bill.
He had a constitutional right to do so. Not
only that; if he believed that the effect of the
bill would be that which ho states in his veto
message, ho was not only authorized, hut bound,
to veto it. His oath is to " preserve" as well
as to "protect and defend" the Constitution
of the United States ; and believing as he docs,
and in that opinion I concur, that this bill as-
sails the Constitution of the United States, he
would have been false to his plighted faith if
he had not returned it with his objections.
As to his intending or being capable of in-
tending anything that could be tortured into
disloyalty, anything that could lie construed as
an unjust interference with the legislative de-
partment of the Government, it is sufficient to
refer to his whole political career. I believe
the honorable member from Illinois was a
member of this body in 1800- GX, when the re-
bellion was inaugurated. I was here, not a
member, but as a spectator, and I saw him, on
that side of the Chamber, in words that burned,
and in a spirit of indignant eloquence rarely if
ever excelled, say to the. men who were about
to inaugurate the insurrection that they were
traitors to their country, standing in the midst
of them face to face, periling life for aught that
he knew 
Mr. NYE. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question? In the same speech I
would like to ask the Senator if he did not
advocate boldly and in the most imperative and
affirmative manner the right of the States to
seeedc.
Mr. JOHNSON. No.
Mr. NYK. I think he did.
Mr. JOHNSON. Nothing like it. Tf my
friend will improve his reading he will find
directly the reverse. The only public man who
has been very prominent who advocated the
right of secession was the late lamented Presi-
dent. Lincoln, in a speech that ho made in 1848.
Mr. NYE. Stephens  
Mr. JOHNSON. Who?
Mr. NYE. Mr. Stephens did. T know lie
did.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am not speaking of Mr.
Stephens. [Laughter.]
Mr. NYE. T thought you were speaking of
the eloquence of Stephens.
Mr. JOHNSON. Not at all. I had not
Stephens in my mind. Perhaps my friend has
been to visit him within the last day or two :
lie has got him into his head. I have not been
to visit him. I was speaking of the President
of the United States, and I have yet to learn
that Mr. Stephens is President of the United
States.
Mr. NYE. He was vice president of the
confedeiaev.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is very seldom that the
honorable member from JTovad^ falls into a
mistake of fact, but this time I rather think
ho has.
If the President of the United States on the
floor of this Senate took the manly and patri-
otic and bold stand which we know he did; if
he ran the hazards which we know he did; if,
in returning to lus home, because of that speech
his life was in imminent peril, being saved only t
by the intrepidity of the" conductor of the ear *
in which he was; if, after his return to his
State of Tennessee, he boldly denounced every
effort that treason was engaged in, and-day and
night exposed himself to all the weapons that
treason could use or treason could procure;
wlio is bold enough^ or ungrateful enough to
say that he is not patriotic now and true to the
Union? My friend from Maine, [Mr. Fessek-
dest, ] in the speech which he delivered upon
the former veto, admitted with thi3 frankness'
which belongs to him that he had entire confi-
dence in the sincerity and patriotism of the
President. The honorable Senator from Illi-
nois, in the speech which he gave us upon the
same subject, repeated his confidence in terms
as strong. And what lias since occurred to
shake our confidence? lie may be mistaken, in
the judgment of my friend from Illinois and
m the judgment of my friend from Maine, in
this particular message, as they thought he was
in error in relation to the other message; but
here, as there, with every generous mmd he
must stand before the country apatriot, though
lie may be mistaken. He desires—and who
does not—that the Union shall be restored as
it originally existed. He lias a policy which
he thinks is best calculated to effect it. He
may be mistaken, but he is honest. Congress
may differ with him. 1 hope they will agree
sooner or later, because I believe as I believe
in my existence that the condition in which the
country now is cannot remain without produ-
cing troubles that may shake our reputation,
not only in our own eyes, but in the eyes of
the civilized world. Let the day come when
 p shall be again together, and then, forgetting
the past, hailing the present, and looking for-
ward to the future, we shall remember, if we
remember the past at all, for the exhibition of
valor and gallantry displayed by both sides,
and find in it, when we become one, a guar-
antee that in the future no foreign hostilities
are to be dreaded, and that no civil discord need
lie apprehended.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not design making
any extended remarks, but I am not quite sure
that I understood correctly the positions as-
sumed by the Senator from Maryland in the
•opening part of his speech. I was somewhat
interrupted at the time, but if I understood
him correctly he laid down the position that
now, since the abolition of slavery, and when
■there are none but free persons in the United
States, they are not all by virtue of their birth
citizens of the United States. ] understand
him to assume the position that even now,
since the abolition of slavery, it does not fol-
low that persons born in the United States,
and born free, are citizens of the United States,
and consequently that it is not competent for
Congress bylaw to make them citizens. Did I
understand the Senator correctly?
Mr. JOHNSON. Yes, sir. 1 maintain the
doctrine of Judge Curtis.
Mr. TfUTMBULL. Well, Mr. President, the
opinion of Judge Curtis, from which the Sen-
ator read, was the opinion of a dissenting
judge, entitled to very great credit on account
of the learning and ability of that judge, but
it. was not the opinion of the court, and an
examination of the entire opinion, which is
very lengthy, would perhaps not sustain the
precise principles the Senator from Maryland
laid down. But. sir, [ have another authority
which I think of equal weight with that of
Judge Curtis—not pronounced in a judicial
tribunal it is true, but by one of the most em-
inent members of the bur in this nation; I
may say by a gentleman who stands at the
head t>f the .bar in America at this time, an
opinion pronounced, too, in the exercise of
official duties; and I propose to read a few
