300
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 2,
Senate.
Representation of Southern States—Mr. Davis.
39th Cong. .. .1st Sess.
to amend the constitution of Ohio we came up
with the growth of public sentiment and put
"citizens" into our new constitution as part of
the description of those who should make com-
petent voters. Therefore, as an inference from
that history of my own State, I hold that if that
same general rule be applied to the people of
all the States—that the nation shall be governed
by its own proper citizens—it will be a whole-
some amendment; and if not clearly expressed
or inferred from the Constitution of the United
States as it now stands, as it would seem not to
be, I think the amendment should be made
now.
There is another section of the country from
which comes objection to this amendment, in-
volving a system of representation based upon
suffrage. My own State, the middle and west-
ern States, indeed all the States outside of New
England, are excluding negroes from the privi-
lege of voting. The effect of the amendment
will be, in Ohio, and in other States, where they
are not put upon an equality, either to lose a
fraction of our representation, or to extend to
them the right of suffrage. I am not alarmed
by either horn of that dilemma. I am not
concerned that my State and the surrounding
States should be shorn in their basis of repre-
sentation of a few thousands of men of that
race, provided that we shall take away the im-
mense disproportion of the South by reason of
their millions of that population.
I hope, therefore, that my friends from Ohio
and other parts of the country where negroes
are not permitted to vote will not bo governed
by any such consideration.
Then I turn to another objection that some
gentlemen have discovered—that Massachu-
setts, for instance, may possibly lose a vote or
two because of the disproportion there as com-
pared with other parts of the country between
males and females. I have not gone into the
figures to ascertain whether that deduction is
fairly drawn from the premises or not, and I will
not do it. I am told by gentlemen from that
section of the country that no such result is to
be obtained by a fair examination. The truth
is that the census does not at this time afford
the means of making a fair representation of
this subject. There is no enumeration taken
of voters, or even of those who are of the age
of twenty-one years and upward, but the cen-
sus has been so taken as to give you the aggre-
gate of those between ten and twenty, twenty
and thirty, thirty and forty, and so on. And
gentlemen are probably led into this mistake
by going down to twenty years, not having any
limit given in the census by which they may
stop at twenty-one.
But I say I will not go into the figures, be-
cause I am willing and ready to stand upon
this proposition, that New England, if she
should even lose a vote, or two votes, or a frac-
tion of a vote, cannot afford, any more than
Ohio, or Indiana, or any other of those States
can, having these particular objections to the
scheme, to let the opportunity go by now and
not introduce a general amendment which will
remedy the one great evil under which we are
all laboring together. I hold that Ohio must
give up her objections on account of her negro
population; that the northwestern States must
give up their objections on account of the fact
that they are permitting persons to vote who
are not yet citizens of the United States. Those
persons would have to wait,'' to tarry at Jericho
until their beards are grown.'' I hold that New
England must give up her objections, and if we
are to amend the organic law at all, we must
do it by uniting upon a common principle, a
common sympathy, a common feeling, at least
on this side of the House, upon which the
entire responsibility is thrown, acting harmo-
niously, and adopting such an amendment to
the organic law as shall be entirely democratic
and fair in all its scope and action upon all the
people of the States of this Union.
Representation of Southern States.
SPEECH OF HOF. GARRETT DAYIS,
Or KENTUCKY,
In the Senate of the United States,
The Senate resumed the consideration of the fol-
lowing resolution of the House of Representatives:
jResolved by the House of Representatives, (the Senate
concurring,) That in order to close agitation upon a
question which seems likely to disturb the action of
the Government, as well as to quiet the uncertainty
which is agitating the minds of the people of the
eleven States which have been declared to be in in-
surrection, no Senator or Representative shall be
admitted into either branch of Congress from any of
said States until Congress shall have declared such
State entitled to such representation.
Mr. DAYIS. Mr. President, it is not my
purpose to make an elaborate speech upon the
pending question, or one that I have matured
with any degree of consideration; merely to
make a few points in a desultory manner. I
do not propose to occupy a great portion of the
time of the Senate, and I expect to conclude
my remarks in such time as will afford the
Senator from Massachusetts, or any other gen-
tleman who wishes to address the Senate upon
this question, ample opportunity to do so.
I have heard complaints in the course of this
and other debates recently, of executive acts,
and of the exercise of executive power, from
sources that I was hardly prepared for. The
gentlemen who make these complaints have
been for the last four or five years upholding
and defending such executive acts and powers.
I presume that the explanation of these com-
plaints at this time is, that executive power
has not been exercised so as to promote the
party and personal objects of those who make
such complaints, otherwise we should never
have heard them. The mode in which the
present President of the United States has in-
tervened in the reorganization of State govern-
ments in the late rebellious States has been a
subject of their animadversion, and I presume
that the real grievance is, that the Executive
did not proceed to an extent to satisfy certain
radical gentlemen. If, for example, the Pres-
ident, in addition to exerting his moral power,
or even his official power to induce the late
rebellious States to abolish slavery by their new
constitutions, to ratify the amendment of the
Constitution abolishing slavery throughout the
United States, and to repudiate their rebel
debt, had advanced one other step, and had
imposed on those States as another and indis-
pensable condition upon which they would re-
ceive his assent to be restored to their proper
relations in the Union, that they should concede
to negroes the right of suffrage, I doubt not we
would have heard no complaint whatever from
that quarter of the interference of the Execu-
tive in the matter of the reconstruction of those
State governments. I presume there is no
gentleman in this Chamber who is supporting
the proposition now under debate who would
not concede that if all the States lately in in-
surrection had elected Senators and Represent-
atives, of whatever position in relation to the
rebellion, and had also sent up their several
constitutions with provisions securing to their
negro and white populations equal suffrage, he
would without objection have advocated the
admission of such Senators and Representa-
tives. I have no doubt that to all the radical
members of both Houses negro suffrage would
have been the "open sesame" for full con-
gressional representation for each State whose
constitution guarantied it.
Mr. President, in this matter of the admis-
sion of the Representatives of the southern
States I am not a partisan. I am contending
for a great constitutional principle. If the
party to which I once belonged, or any party
to which I might belong, were to occupy the
position of the majority of the Senate in rela-
tion to that subject, and were now opposing the
admission of Senators from the southern States,
I would make war upon that position and all
its supporters, because I regard the exclusion
of the southern States from representation in
the two Houses of Congress as revolutionary,
as subversive of the most important principle
of our Government. I regard it practically as
a dissolution of the Union by the two Houses
of Congress; and as earnestly and zealously
as I opposed a dissolution of the Union by
the secession of the southern States, so I would
stand in opposition to a dissolution of the Union,
either permanently or temporarily, in the form
of the exclusion of the Senators and Represent-
atives of the eleven southern States from their
seats in Congress. **
Mr. President, we have a mixed form of Gov-
ernment, partly national, partly Federal, and
partly State. Our form of Government is fash-
ioned by the Constitution. Every power vested
in the Government, and the distribution of all
powers among the different departments and
officers, are provided for in the Constitution.
It is further a fundamental principle of our
Government that it was created by the States
acting as separate sovereignties. As the hon-
orable Senator from Maryland [Mr. Johnson]
said yesterday, when the States in 1787 entered
upon the work of forming this Government,
each State was sovereign and independent, as
much so as any nation in the world. These
separate sovereignties then proceeded to organ-
ize a common Government by each ceding to
it the same portion of their separate sovereignty
and political powers, and retaining all the res-
idue except what was enumerated in the deed
of ccssion, the Constitution. All political sov-
ereignty and powers were thus divided between
the States and the United States.
I hold these to be truisms in our system:
1. Every political power, every particle of
sovereignty that was not delegated by the Con-
stitution to the General Government, and that
is not prohibited by the Constitution to be ex-
ercised by the States, still belongs to the States
respectively.
2. All the powers of the General Government
are distributed among three departments—the
legislative, the executive, and the judicial.
3. Neither department has one iota more of
power than is vested in it by the Constitution.
4. Congress is clothed with the whole legis-
lative, the President with the whole executive,
and the courts with the judicial power of the
Government.
I hold that neither department of the Govern-
ment can exercise one partiele more of power
than is organized by the Constitution and is
vested by its words in that particular depart-
ment. I propound this general principle, that
the General Government can exercise no pow-
ers but what are conferred upon it by the Con-
stitution ; that if it collectively or by any of its
departments or officers attempts to grasp any
other powers, it is usurpation, and wholly un-
authorized and void.
Laying down these general principles, I shall
proceed to make some remarks relating more
particularly to the subject-matter under consid-
eration.
When the Constitution was formed it was
well understood what were the States of the
United States. Every independent sovereignty
that was then in existence and united under
the old Articles of Confederation was a State.
Delegates from all of them, except Rhode
Island, convened at Philadelphia for the pur-
pose of forming a more efficient Government.
By what authority was that Convention elected
and did it proceed to frame a new Government?
There was no power under the old Articles of
Confederation to call such an assembly for such
a purpose. It was appointed and organized
without any authority or warrant except that
of each State in sending its own delegates. It,
however, was urged on by the law of necessity.
The old system of government had so signally
