?16
TIIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February
had adopted an extensive system of confiscation
the necessity of this bill would have been less. !
As it is, homesteads are imperatively demanded I
both by the poor whites and the poor blacks of |
the South who have heretofore constituted the
background of the institution of slavery, now
abolished, creating a necessity for new open-
ings for homesteads in that region and a wider
field for free labor.
Mr. PLANTS. I will inquire of the gentle-
man from Indiana if this bill will not interfere
with the operation of the freedmen's bill which
we have just passed? Will it not come in con-
flict with that?
Mr. JULIAN. This bill is entirely consist-
ent with that bill, and supplementary to it. it
"certainly does not abridge any right proposed
to be conferred by the freedmen's bill.
Mr. CITANLER. I would ask the gentleman
to what bill he refers, which he says this bill is
supplementary to?
Mr. JULIAN. I said that this bill will be in
aid of the freedmen's bill, and not in conflict
with it.
Mr. CHANLER. What bill is it supple-
mentary to?
Mr. JULIAN. If it changes the freedmen! s
bill at all it will be a change in the nature of a
supplement, extending the rights conferred by
the freedmen's bill, and not abridging them.
Mr. CIIANLBH. I understand {lie gentle-
man to say that this bill was supplementary to
the freedmen's bill.
Mr. JULIAN. It is supplementary to the
homestead bill, and extends the provisions of
that bill over the five States specified in it.
The bill further provides that the quantity of
land selected by any one person shall be eighty
acres, and not one hundred and sixty acres, as
provided in the homestead bill of IKty. The
necessity of this modification of the homestead
law in that region arises from the fact alieady
stated: the increased necessity for homesteads
in that section of country caused by the aboli-
tion of slavery and the demands of free labor.
It is deemed, in view of the number who seek
homes there and need theni; that eighty acres
will be an adequate amount m lieu of one hun-
dred aud sixty, as provided in the homestead
bilK
The bill farther provides that the sale of the
public lands in all of these live States shall
henceforth eease ; lhatllie whole of thisdomain
ghail lie subjected to actual set tie-men t under the
provisions of the homestead law. As a ma tier of
course this cuts off hind speculation in the vi hole
of that country. Without some pioviMon of
this kind, rebel speculators now hovering over
the whole of that region ancl hunting up the best
portions of it, and the holders of agricultural
college scrip, who can take about eight or nine
million acres of that laud, and perhaps the
whole of the host portion of it, can comedown
upon it ul one swoop aud cheat die actual set-
tler, whether black or whit", out of hi* rights,
or even ihe possibility of a home to come in that I
region, driving the whole of them to some ol'6ur j
' western Territories or to starvation itself. 1
According to the facts communicated by the
Commissioner of the Laud Office, there are
only two hundred thousand landholders in the
whole of that region, in a total population of over
three millions. In other words, only one man
iu iifteen, or one fifteen!h of the whole people
of this exclusively agricultural region, are land-
holders. Thus two million eightiuuidred thou- I
sand out of the three millions are non-hand-
holders. a phenomenon which certainly ought
not to exist, or which, if allowed to exist, should
not be extended, if you count every land-
holder's a head of a family, and the number
of each famih as five, there will stiil be only
one million of persons in all that region who ;
have any possibility of becoming landholders; '
and even upon that estimate there will still be '
more than two million landless people, out
of three million population, in an exclusively |
agricultural community, and in a region of'j
which only one tenth is cultivated or improved jj
Luid._ That is a very remarkable and a very j
startling condition of affairs in that region of I
country. It is a condition of things which
pleads imperatively for some policy which shall
dedicate the whole of these forty-six million
acres remainingunsoidto actual occupancy and
improvement under the homestead law. 1 need
not dwell upon that further, for the point is too
clear to require elucidation.
This bill further provides that the benefits of
it shall be opened to all persons in the South
without discrimination 011 account of race.or
color. That is undoubtedly the law already.
But we have thought it, wise to put in this bill
an express stipulation that these benefits shall
be. open to men of color: and I wish to take this
occasion to advertise as far as I may the fact
that should this bill pass, all men will have the
benefit of its provisions. It is 1 he fact, unfortu-
nately, that the great body of the colored people
of this country, North and South, arc to-day
ignorant of the fact that* black man is legally
a citizen of the United States. In consequence
of the D*ed Scott decision, and the power of
latter-da_ Democracy in debauching the public
sentiment of the country, it is not generally un-
derstood that black men have any rights in
relation to the public domain of the country.
We say, by the express provisions of this bill,
that colored men shall have those rights, aud
we say so for the enlightenment of white people
as well as .black. 1 believe it is now unknown
to multitudes of white men, even in the north-
ern States, that colored men have any rights
under the homestead law. We ought to make
that fact known to black and white, so that the
multitude;! of landless people may understand
what are t heir rights of acquiring home steads.
I suppose that the provisions of this bill are
now fully understood, and therefore, before I
sit down, I propose to call the previous ques-
tion on the amendment of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Tauih?.] 1 wish to state,
however, before doing so, that if his amend-
ment is a desirable one it would he more ap-
propriate as an amendment to the general
homestead law than as an amendment to this
particular bill. 1 submit to the gentleman that
some proposition proposing a change of the
homestead law will accomplish his object more
thoroughly than he can do by an amendment
to this bill, and 1 hope, as an amendment to
this bill, it will be voted down.
-Mr. LK BhOXD. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a few moments before he calls the
previous question !
Mr. J SMjt.'VN. I will do so.
Sir. LB BLOND. I hope this Ilotuqs will
not at this time act conclusively upon this bill,
for the reason that it contains some provisions
that, in my judgment, arc not compatible with
the best interests of the Government. I be-
lieve that this bill ought to be recommitted to
the committee, and the report of the Commis-
sioner of the General Laud Office primed, in
order that the members of this House may
understand the real point that is involved in
the bill now pending. I sec, by the report,
which the chairman of the committee [Mr.
JrieAxJ sent to the Clerk's desk and had read
for the information of this House, there is cm-
braced the identical idea of the gentleman from
New York. [Mr. Tabku,] as contained 111 the
amendment which he lias offered. It is, that
all those who have been engaged in the rebel-
lion, whether they went into it voluntarily or
were forced into it by surrounding circum-
stances, and have been pardoned by the Pres-
ident, shall not bo excluded from this bill.
By reference to the second section of the act
to which this is supplementary, it will be seen
that it is provided that none of those who have
been engaged in the rebellion shall enter auv
land whatever. Now, 1 am. opposed in that way,
or in any other, to exclude any portion of the.
American people, <■■) ■< cialty after the pardon
of the Executive has been extended to them.
And I hope that this bill will be recommitted, and
that the report of the Commissioner of the Land
Office will he prin ted, in order chat we may fill ly
understand the bearings of this bill.
I do not believe in the policy of persecuting
these parsons. In the language of -the Com-
missioner. these individuals must live in our
midst. Many of them have families; and tlicy
must maintain themselves or become dependent
upon public charity for support. Now. sir. is
it good policy 011 the part of the Government
to exclude this class of individuals from obtain-
ing a homestead when the vefidt of such exclu-
sion must be to main? them paupers? I say that
such a po'iey is bad, and ought not to be tol-
erated.
Mr. JULIAN resumed the floor, but yield-
ed to
Mr. RICE, of Maine, who said: Mr. Speaker,
as I had the honor to introduce this bill and
move its reference to the committee, and as they
have reported it back substantially as it was re-
ferred to them, I ask the attention of the House
while I present some considerations in support
of the measure.
Sir. in order to secure liberty and right and
justice throughout these southern .States which
have been in rebellion, we must penetrate to
the fundamental difficulties existing there—dif-
ficulties growing out of the abnormal condition
of those States before they went, into rebellion—
one of which was the immense land monopolies
which had grown up Lheie foi the suppoilof
slavery and oppression. Sir, it is impossible
for us to give liberty, protection, and justice to
the people of those States, unless wc secure
them in their homes and their homesteads.
The bill now before us will, in my judgment,
accomplish this, aud is therefore of great prac-
tical importance in its bearing upon these
States, and upon the laboring masses of t.he
people therein. What docs it do? It lays its
strong hand upon fortysix million ninehundred
thousand acres of lands in five of these States,
and in its iron gra-p holds them forever from
the rapae.ous talons of the monopolist and the
speculator, and then distributes them in small
parcels, under the beneficent provisions of the
homestead lfuv, to the oppressed. wronged, and
suffering poor, it sav s to live hundred and
eighty-six thousand two hundred and fifty of the
landless, homeless, but loyal people of the
South, stand up in the pride and independence
of liberty and manhood. Gather around you
your waves and your children, and build for
yourselves aud for them homes aud homesteads
—nurseries of independence, citadels of lib-
erty—under the sunny skies of your native
South. I here, uudei the piolection of this
law, laboiing iu your own fields, living iu your
own houses, intrenched in your own castles,
instructing your children in your own schools,
and worshiping God in your own church.es. you
can demand and extort from your enemies jus-
tice and equality of civil rights before the laws.
This law is a notice to the ex-slaveholders of
the South that each homestead erected under
it is a " city of refuge'' for t lie starving laborers,
black and white. fleeing from the wrongs and
extortions directed against them. With free
lands to occupy and cull ivatc and own. 110 com-
binations of capital, no monopolies, no vagrant
laws, nor all these combined, can make slaves
of the laboring masses in any country. Where
ever and whenever they can have homes and
lands of their own. even if they be in the mount-
ains and amid the swamps, there human nature
and human manhood will assert its preroga-
tives and its freedom.
' It has been <-;nd that liberty dwells in the
mountains. Why does it dwell there? Because
avarice and monopoly have driven men from the
plains, vvherelandsaie valuable and where self-
ishness and capital could gather to themselves
more of 1 his world's goods: hence the poor aud
oppressed have been driven to the mountains.
Not because they lov ed them better, but because
only there could ihey enjoy their heart's great-
est love, liberty. Sir, libeity is just as indige-
nous to the broad plains of Illinois and Minne-
sota and oilier parts of this country as to the
mountain districts; and it grows aud flourishes
thereas itdocsin fhomonntainregious. because
the people are protected in their homes aud by
their firesides by equal audjust laws. Monop-
olies are discouraged, and the rights of free
labor and free men maintained. So it will be
