2740
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
is the statement of this officer. e sent to the
"War Office for a map. The committee at first
■was rather opposed to purchasing these islands.
Wilson's Island contains an area of seven and
six tenths acres,Winnebago aboutoneacre, and
Benham's Island two acres. They desire to con-
nect the main island of eight hundred acres with
theupperisland byadamforwaterpower. These
small islands can cost but a very'small amount
at any rate. Rock Island consists of eight
hundred acres, and the sum claimed is $293,000.
General Dyer says that sum is unquestionably
too large, and the commissioners will doubtless
cut it down; but hedesires to secure these three
small islands, and says it is necessary to do so
for Government purposes. On the map sent
to us from the War Department the dam con-
nects the upper island—1 have forgotten which
one it is—with the main island in order to
secure water power. I suppose the object is
to connect the two islands by a dam for the
purpose of securing water. An appropriation
is here made of $100,000 for the purposes of
water power. The cost is not set down here
precisely, nor the reasons why they need it;
but General Dyer states that it is necessary for
Government purposes, and General Hodman,
■who was here one or two days ago, makes the
same statement.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. With reference to the
upper island, it is evident, I think, that it is
necessary for the use of the establishment at
Rock Island. There is, as the Senator from
Massachusetts has stated, a dam for connect-
ing it with the larger island making good water
power. It is now in use for a saw-mill, and
may be used hereafter for Army purposes.
There is a small island at the lower end of
Eock Island composed of deposits, I think.
Mr. WILSON. A mere speck on the map.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. Yes, sir; think the
purpose of getting possession of it is the fear
that it might get into the hands of an individ-
ual and might be made a source of annoyance
to the Government in the use of the larger
islands. I think it is to give the Government
unrestrained control of the whole of them, to
prevent their being used in such a way as to
annoy the Government establishment at any
time.
Mr. WILSON. According to the statement
made, one of the reasons for obtaining posses-
sion of the lower islands is to prevent booths
for drinking, &c., from being erected. It is
said it will not cost much to secure these isl-
ands. The upper island is desired in order to
build a dam to get water.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. In regard to the expense
of procuring the title to the land on this island,
I understand it is not to be bought, but com-
missioners have been appointed to condemn
it. The sum named in the bill is entirely be-
yond the value of the land. There is no ques-
tion about that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This sum is not for
that particular purpose alone: it is for other
purposes.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I understand that com-
missioners are appointed to take the land and
condemn it at its true and proper value, and
pay that to the parties. I hope the bill will
pass.
The bill was read a third time and passed..
AMENDMENT OF POSTAL LAWS.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I ask the Senate to
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
281, to amend the postal laws.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. Before the bill is
read I will ask the Secretary to insert a word
which has been accidentally omitted in the
printing of the bill. It is the word "not,"
in line twelve of the sixth section, after the
word "imprisoned."
The PRKSIDENT^jro tempore. That is a
clerical mistake, and will be corrected.
The Secretary read the bill. It provides
that from and after the 1st day of April, 18(15,
prepaid letters shall be forwarded, at the re-
quest of the party addressed, from one post
office to another without additional postage
charge; and returned dead letters are to lie
restored to the writers thereof free of charge.
The second section repeals the tenth section
of the act entitled ''An act to establish salaries
for postmasters, and for other purposes,"
approved July 1, 18G4; and so much of the
twenty-eighth section of the act entitled "An
act to ameud the laws relating to the Post
Office Department," approved March 3, 1803,
as requires postage to be charged at the pre-
paid rate, to be collected on the return deliv-
ery of letters, indorsed with a request for their
return to the writers; and all letters bearing
such indorsement are hereafter to be returned
to the writers thereof without additional post-
age charge.
The third section of the bill proposes to
amend the third section of the act entitled "An
act to establish a postal money-order system,"
approved May 17, 1864, so as to authorize the
issuing of a money order for any sum not to
exceed fifty dollars, and the charge or fee for
an order for a sum not exceeding twenty dollars
isto be ten cents; for an order exceeding twenty
dollars twenty-five cents.
The fourth section provides that a money
order shall be valid and payable when presented
to the deputy postmaster on whom it is drawn
within one year after its date, but for no longer
period; and in case of the loss of a money
order a duplicate thereof is to be issued with-
out charge, on the application of the remitter
or payee, who shall make the required proofs;
and postmasters at all money-order offices are
required to administer to the applicant or appli-
cants in such cases the required oath or affir-
mation free of charge.
The fifth section requires all railroad com-
panies carrying the mails of the United States
to convey without extra charge, by any train
which they may run over their roads, all such
printed matter as the Postmaster General shall,
from time to time, direct to be transported
thereon with the persons in charge of the mails
designated by the Post Office Department for
that purpose.
By the sixth section it is provided that every
person who shall willfully and maliciously in-
jure, deface, or destroy any mailable matter
deposited in any letter-box, pillar-box. or other
receiving boxes established by authority of the
Postmaster General of the United States for
the safe deposit of matter for the mails or for
delivery, or shall willfully aid and assist in injur-
ing such mailable matter so deposited, either
by pouring into such boxes oil, water, or other
fluid, or by any other means, on being duly
convicted shall, for every such offense, be fined
not less than S100 nor more than SI.000,
or be imprisoned not less than one year, nor
more than three years, at the discretion of the
court.
The seventh section authorizes the Postmas-
ter General, whenever it shall become expe-
dient, in his opinion, to substitute a different
kind of postage stumps for those now in use, to
modify the existing contract for the manufac-
ture of postage stamps so as to allow to the
contractors a sum sufficient to cover the in-
creased expenses, if any, in manufacturing the
stamps so substituted.
The eighth section proposes to amend sec-
tion two of the act entitled ''An act to estab-
lish salaries for postmasters, and for other pur-
poses,"! approved July 1,1564, by adding the i'ol-
lowing: "Provided, that when the quarterly
returns of any postmaster of the third, fourth,
or fifth class show that the salary allowed is
ten per cent, less than it would be on the
basis of commissions under the act of 1854,
fixing compensation, then the Postmaster
Genera! shall review and readjust under the
provisions of said section."
The Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads reported the bill with various amend-
ments. The first amendment was in section
one, line three, to strike out the word "April"
and insert " May."
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I moveto amendthe
amendment by inserting "July."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The next amendment was in see tion one,
line four, after the word "prepaid" to insert
the words "and free;" so that the .section will
read:
That from and after tho 1st day of July, 1866, pre-
paid and free letters shall be forwarded, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section six, line
eight, after the word "aforesaid" to strike out
the words "either by pouring into such boxes
oil, water, or other fluid, or by any other
means."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section six, line
eleven, after the word "not" to strike out the
words "less than one hundred nor;'.' and in
the same line to strike out the words "one
thousand" and insert "five hundred," and in
the twelfth line to strike out the words "less
than one year nor;" so that the clause will
read:
Every sucli offender being thereof duly convicted
shall, for every such offense, be fined not more than
$500. or be imprisoned not more than three years, at
the discretion of the court.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. At the instance of the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads, I
offer another amendment, to come in as an
independent section:
And be it further enacted, That whenever the Post-
master General shall require special agents of the
Post Office Departmenttocollectordisbursethepub-
lic moneys accruing from postages, such special agent
or agents, when so employed, shall, prior to enter-
ing upon such duty, give bond in such sum, and in
such form, and with such security as the Postmaster
General may approve.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I desire to call the
attention of the Senator having charge of this
bill to the fourth section, relating to the reis-
suance of money orders where they have been
lost. I suggest the propriety of requiring the
giving of a bond by the person to whom the
second order is issued, in case the first one
should ever again be brought forward. It is
usual I think in cases of this kind in banking
institutions; and it is usual for Congress, where
we provide for issuing new bonds where the
original ones have been lost, to require tho
party receiving the new bond to give his own
bond to hold the Government harmless.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. That subject^ was
canvassed in the committee, and the opinion
was that it was not necessary to introduce the
provision. These money orders are not like
bonds or drafts that can be paid by any per-
son. They must come back to the post office
for payment. When one is reported lost, noti-
fication is immediately given to all tho money-
order post offices; and it is impossible that any
evil of the kind suggested could occur. This
section is intended to facilitate the business
where, perhaps by the fault of the Post Office
establishment, the money order has got astray.
, It is not believed that the Government will
sustain any loss from that money order fall-
' ing into the hands of an improper person. I
think, therefore, that the amendment sug-
gested, although it would be very proper in
most such cases, is not required in this.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and tho amendments were concurred
in and ordered to be engrossed, and the bill to
be read a third time. It was read a third time
and passed.
OTtVAY II. BEr.HY.MAN.
Mr. WILLE Y. I ask the Senate to take up
Senate bill Xo. 2;il.
The motion was agreed to : and the bill (P.
No. 2S4; for ibe relic'' of the children of Otwuy
H. Berryman, deceased, was read a second
time and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It directs the proper accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury to allow and pay to the
