1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3701
can give to the owners more than the amount
ascertained to be the value of the property in
1801.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Shall I reply now?
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Surely this has nothing
to do with the appraisement in 1801. While I
am up, if the Senator will allow me, I will
answer both his questions. The first part of the
bill provides for the purchase of this property
at private sale by contract. The" committee
■were not willing to leave the thing without limit,
to leave the Secretary to pay any price he
thought proper, and therefore we have pro-
vided in this bill that ho shall purchase it at
private sale, if he can, at a price not exceeding
that appraisement, of course at a price to be
paid in the currency of the country. The Sen-
ator from Maryland thinks that will not pur-
chase the property now. He may be correct
in that. We had information before the com-
mittee that some of the proprietors, and we
were informed that one who owned largely of
this property, would accept the appraisement
for the property, of course payable in the cur-
rency of the country; others may not; and
perhaps this information may not be correct,
though one of the members of the committee
stated that he had the information. Then we
have provided, if it cannot be purchased at that
price, that it shall be condemned under the
direction of the supreme court of the District
  of Columbia, and that condemnation has no
reference whatever to the appraisement in 1861.
The Senator will observe that the third section
is not limited.. I do not suppose it would be
competent to limit it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not think it would.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I apprehend we should
have no right to do so, or perhaps would have
no right; it would at least be questionable. I
submit, as the Senator has raised that question,
whether he thinks we could properly limit it in
that way. If so, I should have no objection to
putting in a proper limitation.
Mr. JOHNSON. My friend misunderstands
me. I supposed the section was susceptible
of a different interpretation from the one which
the honorable member says is the only one
which can be put upon it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I-may be mistaken.
Mr. JOHNSON. If it was susceptible of a
different interpretation, I intended to say it
was what we could not accomplish. We must
give to the owners of property taken for public
use what the worth of the property is at the
time of the taking. If, therefore, the property
should be worth more than $360,000 suppos-
ing none of the proprietors are willing to sell,
we cannot get it from them without paying
them what it is found to be actually worth.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator will allow
me, I will say that I was mistaken in stating
the amount to be $300,000. It is not quite
$300,000.
Mr. JOHNSON. The principle is the same,
whatever the amount. The Senator stated it
to be ^800,000.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ran it over in my mind
as T was speaking, but I see, on coming to add
up the figures, that the amount is only two hun-
dred and ninety-odd thousand dollars — less
than three hundred thousand.
Mr. JOHNSON. That does not affect the
present question. I supposed the Senator had
added it. up correctly. The only reason that
made me doubt whether the jury or the court
could give the actual value of the property is
that in the second section the appraised value
in 1831 is made the maximum beyond which
the Secretary of the Interior cannot go, and
then it says in the third section that the supreme
court of the District of Columbia is authorized,
in such mode and under such rules and regu-
lations as it may adopt, " to make a just and
equitable appraisement of the cash value of the
several interests of each and every owner of
the real estate and improvements thereon neces-
sary to bo taken for the public use, in accord-
ance with the provisions of this act.'' I believe
the honorable member's interpretation of the
section is right; but it would put it beyond all
doubt if the words "at the time when the
appraisement is made" were inserted.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
that amendment. I think the section means
that now.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think that is the legal
effect of it, but I want to make it plain. I
move to insert after the word "act," in the
fourteenth line of the third section, the words
" at the time of said appraisement."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended ; the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time and
passed.
message from the iiouse.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the Honse of Representatives had passed
a bill (S. No. 138) to increase and fix the mil-
itary peace establishment of the United States,
with an amendment, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate.
enrolled bill signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed an
enrolled bill (H. R. No. 730) relating to pilots
and pilot regulations; and it was thereupon
signed by the President pro tempore of the
Senate.
approval or a bill.
A message from the President of the Uni-
ted States, by Mr. Cooper, his Secretary, an-
nounced that the President had approved and
signed, on the 5th instant, an act (S. No. 99)
granting lands to the State of Oregon to aid in
the construction of a military road from Al-
bany, Oregon, to the eastern boundary of said
State.
retrocession" 017 alexandria.
On motion of Mr. WADE, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (S. No. 280) to repeal an
act entitled "An act to retrocede the county
of Alexandria, in the District of Columbia, to
the State of Virginia, and for other purposes."
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. HENDERSON. As a member of the
Committee on the District of Columbia. 1 had
occasion to examine this bill, and I came to'
the conclusion that in all probability it ought
not to be passed. My impression is that it
will only complicate the difficulties that now
surround the question. In 1810 that portion
of this District which was originally ceded by
Virginia was retroceded to that State with the
consent of the Legislature of the State of Vir-
ginia, it being supposed at that time that it
required the consent of Congress and the con-
sent of the Legislature of that State. It was
doubted then whether that act was constitu-
tional. I have not given the constitutional
question as thorough an examination as might
have been given to it; but I am very clearly
of the opinion that the act of-retrocession to
the State of Virginia was constitutional. 1
cannot doubt that. I cannot doubt to-day that
constitutionally Congress may remove the cap-
ital to any part of the country that it chooses.
It will be recollected that this was not a ces-
sion to the State of Virginia of anything except
what we had procured from the State of Vir-
ginia originally by her cession. Some question
militarise, in'all probability, whether Congress
could cede to the State of Maryland that por-
tion of the District, which it received from Vir-
ginia. or could cede to Virginia that portion
of the District north of the Potomac river,
which it received originally from the State of
Maryland; but this was a retrocession clearly j
of the territory acquired from the State of 'Vir-
ginia back to that State. It was supposed to |
be necessary to obtain the consent of the Legis- i
lature of the Stale of Virginia to the act. It j
was obtained ; and not only that, but the peo- i
pie themselves living on the territory. 1 believe, i
voted in favor'of the proposition, and the ter-
ritory thereby went back to the State of Vir-
ginia. It has been under the jurisdiction of
Virginia from that time until this. The muni-
cipal organization of the county of Alexandria
has had uninterrupted jurisdiction over that
portion of the District which was retroceded.
The people have been required to pay taxes to
the State of Virginia; and the courts of the
State of Virginia have been held there ; and to
all intents and purposes the territory has been
clearly under the jurisdiction of that State.
The question, I believe, of the transfer of
jurisdiction has not been disputed in any of
the courts. That question could readily be
adjudicated at any time. For instance, a case
could be brought up from the courts of Vir-
ginia to the Supreme Court of the United States
on the ground of the unconstitutionality of the
transfer, or any citizen of Alexandria could
refuse to pay taxes to the State of Virginia,
and upon that refusal a case could be brought
to the Supreme Court of the United States,
and an adjudication be had.
Now, Mr. President, what is the object of
this bill? It is to repeal what is denominated
an unconstitutional act. The assertion is made
that the act of Congress retroceding to Virginia
that portion of the District of Columbia origi-
nally ceded by Virginia to the United States is
unconstitutional. As I have already stated, I
have no doubt on that subject, or scarcely any.
I think that it was a constitutional act. But if
it be not constitutional, it is a very easy matter
to test it any day. Any one of the citizens of
Alexandria can test it any day that he chooses.
He may, for instance, refuse obcdience to the
laws of the State of Virginia; if he were in-
dicted in one of the courts of Virginia, in the
county of Alexandria, he could ask to be re-
lieved from the penalty by a writ of habeas
corpus upon the ground that there was no juris-
diction in the State of Virginia over that terri-
tory, and thus have the question raised. Inas-
much as it*is so very easy to test that question,
I do not deem that it is proper legislation on
our part to repeal the act simply because of the
allegation that it was unconstitutional legisla-
tion.
Suppose we repeal the act without the con-
sent of the State of Virginia, what sort of a
fix shall we then be in? How will the people
of Alexandria then be situated? There will
be a jurisdiction exercised over them by the
Congress of the United States; and the State
of Virginia not giving her consent to this re-
peal, having once given her consent to the
retrocession of the territory to her, of course
will undertake to exercise jurisdiction also,
and we shall have two conflicting powers exer-
cising jurisdiction over the county of Alexan-
dria. How will the question be determined?
How is it to be determined? You can only
determine it by the courts. The State of Vir- '
giniawill not relinquish her jurisdiction over
the territory, but will still claim it. She will
tax the citizens of Alexandria; and the levy
commissioners of the District ol Columbia,
under the authority of Congress, will also
undertake to levy a tax upon them. Now, I
ask Senators, how will the question be deter-
mined ? It can only be determined, of course,
by a decision of the Supreme Court of the
United States, because that is the court of last
resort where a question of this sort must be
determined; and in order to relieve these citi-
zens of the difficulties which they now say they
are laboring under, the question must, yet be
tested there. Why not, then, leave the jurisdic-
tion exactly as it is? If there be any inhabit-
ants of the old District of Columbia south of
the Potomac river, in the county of Alexan-
dria, who believe that the a-et of retrocession
was unconstitutional and who are unwilling to
render obcdience to the laws of the State of
Virginia, it is surely an easy matter for them
to test the question. It is a much easier mat-
ter to test it now than it will be after the
passage of this bill. All I can see in the re-
peal by Congress of the act of retrocession is
that we shall thereby indicate to the Sni>rcmc
