1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
all over our beloved land, provided we do our
whole duty in the difficult emergency which is
now upon us; and that this will be accom-
plished I have an abiding faith. It is not pos-
sible, with the trials and sufferings of the last
five years fresh in our memories, with our obli-
gations to the noble soldiers and sailors who
have saved the nation pressing upon us, that
we can prove recreant to the high trust confided
to our keeping. And. sir, with the blessing of
God, we shall not, but shall complete the regen-
eration and redemption of the waste places of
the South, and plant liberty and justice there,
and protect their growth until they shall reach
their full stature.
Now, Mr. Speaker, what does this bill do?
It takes'6,700,000 acres of land in Alabama,
7,700,000 acrcs in Mississippi. 0,200,000 acres
in Louisiana, 9,300,000 in Arkansas, and 20,-
000,000 or thereabout in Floiida, making a
grand total of 40,000,000 acres, and under the
liberal provisions of the homestead act, that
act which shall live as a monument to the wis-
dom of the Congress that enacted it, and of the
martyred patriot who approved it, and gives it
all to the poor people of the South, aud io oth-
ers who may go and dwell with them. If the
people of the South shall be protected in the
homesteads which they shall take up under this
bill, then t defy all the accursed enginery of op-
pression there to drive freedom from that God-
favored, but man-accursed land. How many
homesteads of eighty acrcs will this bill give?
Five hundred and eighty-six thousand two hun-
dred and fifty It is a moderate estimate, that
each homeslead will provide a home and sup-
port for five persons each, thus giving homes
to 2,0-31,2-30. But a portion of the lands may
not be suitable for homesteads. If 10,000,000
acres are suitable for cultivation, then we have
500,000 homesteads, supporting 2,500,000 per-
son-'. Thirty million acres will give 375,000
homesteads, and at five acres each will suppoit
1,875,000 persons. This last estimate, I be-
lieve, from the best information I can obtain,
will be easily attainable under the bill, and the
homesteads be made from good arable lands.
But if oppression, and wrong shall drive the
people from remunerative labor in other fields
and pursuits, this 30,000,000 acres of good laud
will give support and independence to at least
double the number I have estimated; which will
be 3,750,000. %
Ay, sir, if aristocracy and capital and unjust
laws shall do their worst in these Slates against
the frc-edman and the loyal whites of the South,
thisbil!. i fit be enacted, and the rights of the peo-
ple nrnh-r it be maintained and protected by ihe
Federal Government, will, of itself, secure to
them all the God-given rights of '* life, liberty,
and the pursuit of happiness.'' Ear-h and every
a^cre of the fertile arable lands of the South will
give support and independence to each able-bo-
died adult person who may own and cultivate it.
If we admit that but one half of thclandless labor-
ing inasses of the South are able-bodied adults,
and that they number five millions, audi hat but
twenty million acres of these lands are of good
quality, then each adult, may have a farm of four
acres, which will be ample to support him and
his helpless dependents. I doubt not that this
last estimate reduces the farmsio muehsmaHcr
dimensions than the facts will warrant, which
will make my argument so much the better.
And the argument is based upon the supposition
that the ehi>s of persons who have ruled and
oppressed the southern people will continue to
do^so. But this, thank God. will be impossible,
and the passage'of this bill will give one of the
most steadfast and abiding instrumentalities to
prevent it. The laws which we may pass here
may be effective to secure the people against
wrong and injustice there while backed by the
strong arm of Federal power, but no -longer.
This lull gives to the people the means whereby
they may live independent of capitalists and
land monopolists, and thus they will be enabled
to protect, themselves. Xo man euu be made a
slave so long as he has the mean* to support
himself, and those whom nature has made dc-
pendentuponhim. Give him the choice whether
to sub ir, it to extortion and oppression or to labor
on his own land for his own and their support,
even if the latter be eked out from the sterile
mountain side, and he will accept the latter.
Again, this law and the protection which .it
will afford will be a better surety that the pres-
ent land monopolists of the South T^ill do what
right and justice require toward their former
dependents and slaves than all the laws that
can be enacted to accomplish such results.
Give freedom and independence to labor, and
then the capitalist and the landholder will be
forced to respect it. They must have labor,
for they will not labor themselves, and they
will contract for it and pay for it liberally and
justly rather than to starve. Sir, I agree with
the honorable gentleman who reported this
bill, [Mr. Julian,] that the lands of the lead-
ing rebels of the South should have been con-
fiscated and given out in homesteads to the
loyal men of the South and to our gallant sol-
diers who, by their prowess, have saved them
from the control of the most accursed despotism
and aristocracy that can be imagined. More
especially should the lands which belonged to
the several rebel States have been so confis-
cated. if they did not inure and revert to the
Federal Government by virtue of their con-
quest. Then, instead of being forced to give
these forty-seven million acres for this purpose,
we would have more than three times that
amount, justly forfeited as the penalty of trea-
son. I believe there arc about one hundred
million acres now owned or claimed to be owned
by rebellious Texas alone, which should injus-
tice be thus distributed. But, sir, we must do
justice even if we do not exact it. We must
give to the liberty-loving, loyal men of the South
the means to live and to preserve their inde-
pendence in proportion as we are generous and
forgiving to the traitors who seek to oppress
them. Up to this rule 1 trust even the gentle-
men on the other side of the House may be
induced to act.
I have said that we must strike to the very
foundation of the diluculties existing in the
South. We must educate the people in the
rights and duties of freemen. This can be done
in no other way than by planting them upon
the soil and protecting them there. Why, sir,
what is the use of giving liberty and the right
of suffrage to men, if you say that they shall
not have the right to live and support them-
selves by honest labor ? Unless you grant them
this, you give them a stone when they ask }ou
for bread. Wherever thei'e are small farms,
there you find liberty and independence. Give
the lands of anv country into the control and
ownership of great monopolies, and there the
masses of the people will be oppressed, ignorant,
and miserable. The greatest and most difficult
problem to solve in this century is a political
and social one combined; and that is to pro-
tect the poor and the ignorant against the
wrongs and oppressions of capital and aristoc-
racy. This is a labor which needs to be done
everywhere, in the North as well as in the
South, in the East and the West; and most
abundantly in the monarchies and oligarchies
of the Old World. May its solution be wrought
out to it1*' greatest perfection in our own favored
couniry.
Mr. Speaker, this bill is free from the charge
of eias< legislation, it operates upon all alike
whether they be white or black. L admit that
more of the black race will bo able to avail
themselves of its provisions than the white race
of the South, for the reason that they are mostly
loyal, and the whites are mostly disloyal; and
the blacks, too, are more anxious to take up
farms and labor upon them than the whites.
The evidence comes up to us from every source
that the great desiie of the freedman is to have
a small farm for the support of himself and
family, and therefore they will speedily avail
themselves of the provisions of this bill, and
very , oon release the Government from nil ex-
pcs(:-e on their account. The following is an
extract from one of the letters of the commer-
cial correspondent of an association of cotton
manufacturers as published in the N ation: *
" Orangebubg, S. C., September 8,1S65.
" The sole ambition of the freedman at the present
time appears to bo to become the owner of a little
pieces of land, there to erect a humble home, and to
dwell in peace and security at his own free wili and
pleasure: if he wishes to cultivate the ground to cot-
ton on his own account, to bo able to do so without
any one to dictate to him hours or systems of labor;
if he wishes instead to plant corn or sorghum or
sweet potatoes, to be able to do thatfroo from any
outside control—in one word, to bo free to control his
own time and efforts without anything that can re-
mind him of past sufferings in bondage.
"This is his idea, his desire, and his hope. It is
common to all, but much stronger among fchemarried
and middle aged."
I also read the following from a southern
man, as well illustrating the views which I have
have had the honor to submit, and the impor-
tance and necessity of this measure:
"Georgia, by a Resident.—The negro's first want
is notthe bailot, butachancetolive; yes, sir, achance
to live. You say thcGovernmouthasgivenhimfree-
dom, and thatinany good men in the North believe
he must have the ballot to sccuro that freedom. X
tell you he's not $rot his freedom yet, and isn't likely
to get it right away. "Why, he can't even live without
the consent ot the white man. He has no land—he
can make no crops except the white man gives him a
chance. He hasn't any timbei—he can't get a stick
of wood without leave from a white man. We crowd
him into the fewest possible employment?, and then
lie can scarcely got woik anjwheic but in the rico
fields and cotton plantation!?, of a white man who has
owned him and given up slavery only at the point of
the bayonet. Even in this city he can't get'a pail of
water from a well without asking a white man forth©
privilege. lie can hardly breathe, and he certainly
can't live in a house, unless a white man gives his
consent. Whatsortof licedomisfhat? He has free-
dom in name, but not in fact. In many respcctsheis
worse off than he was before you made him free, for
then the property-interest ot his master protected
him, and now his master's hand, as well as the hand
ot everybody else, is against him. Tiue, he has the
military here for his piotoction, but there are a thou-
sand thmirs done here e\ cry day under the colonel's
very riO'iO that he don't know anything about—things
he couldn't icmedy it hedid know about thorn. Then,
besides, there are hundreds of wrongs of which he
knows, that he can't, icach and can't make right.
'Tisn't such whippings as he told you about that most
wrom? the negro; it's the small, endless, mean, little
injustice of cveiy day that's going to kill him off.
Iio'rf only partially protected now; take the troops
awav and his ch nice wouldn't be as good as a picce of
li^ht-wood in a houre on fire.
" I have noi muchfaiih in theideathat capital and
labor will reconcile thcm^clvpj£ Tilings arc excep-
tion;'! here. Our capital is all in the hands of a tew
and invesred in gioat plantations. Our labor i^ all
m the hands of a race supremely ignorant, and against
whom we ail have a strong prejudice. In my opinion,
jou can't uconule these two interests unless you
put the labor in subjection to the capital: that is,
unless you jjive the white man contiol of the negro.
Of course that can't again be allowed, and therefore
there is an almost imputable gulf between the negro
and freedom, unl"s« thefjiovevnment aids him. I will
tell you what I think you should have done. The
policy of confiscation .-mould be rigidly earned out at
oncc. Mv.n,y to the hu'ivuluul is death to the tit ate;
and in psndonim? all the leading men, the President
is killinu the iYee State he mi'-'ht have built here.
Tne landed aiistociae> have always been the curse
ot the State; I say that, as a man bora and reared in
Gcoraia. end bound to her by cvciy possible tie. Till
that is broken down there can be no real freedom
heie fox either the necjro or the poor white. The re-
sult of the war gave you a chance you never will get
a^ain to overthrow that monopoly. t The negroes and
the poor white? are Jmlcr enemies in many respects,
but they agree in wanting land. You should have
carried out your confiscation policy; divided up the
Great plantations into fifty-acre lotand sold them
to the highest and best bidders. That would have
thrown some of the land intoolherlanyeplantations,
but if. would have been fair, and would have given
the poor white-; and the ncgiocs a chance. Give a
man a piece of land : let, him have a cabin of his own,
upon lus own lot, and then you make him free. Civil
rights are good lor nothing, the ballol is good for noth-
ing, till you make .some men of every clas.-; landhold-
ers You must give the negioes and poor whites a
chance to live; that's the iu'st thins you should do.
The negro has a groat notion to get him a piece of
land, and you should in Ip him along by that notion.
What does he want of a vote? lie wouldn't know
how to use it, and 'twouldn't bring hiui anything to
eat or wear if ho had a dozen. Gr e him land, and
then you touch his ca*c exactly, He can get none
now. There is not one planter in a thousand who
would sell him any; but it you'd carried out your
confiscation policy he eould have bought it like any-
body ebe."
Mr. Speaker, I fully concur in all this writer
has saiu, unless ho be understood as opposing
the enfranchisement of the negro. I, sir. con-
tend that he should in justice have this great
right. I believe it is the greatest and best
i power w hieh the poor man c-an have for his
! protection against ihe oppressions of capital.
