1782
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
her power to contract. Is it intended by this
bill that it shall be put in the hands of any
judge to decide that this bill confers upon mar-
ried women the unlimited right to contract?
Because it will be observed that if a married
woman has a right to contract, the other party
to the contract has an equal right, for contracts
mast be mutual, and if she has a right to con-
tract and enforce her contract, the contract
may, on the other hand, be enforced as against
her. Now, 1 ask Senators having the care of
States here, whether they are willing to put it
in the power of the district court of the United
States, or the circuit court of the United States,
or any other court de hors the State to inter-
fere with regard to the contracts of married
women.
Again, minors are born in the United States,
and naturally, I suppose, minors hare as much
right to contract as anybody else, and the only
restrictions that our laws know of upon their
right to contract is the State laws ; but this bill
is made to give them the right irrespective of
the Stale laws, and not only irrespective of
those laws, but in direct defiance of them.
Mr. TUUMBULL. Oh, no.
Mr. COWAN. I know the honorable Sen-
ator's point, and I will come to it, and when I
■ come, he can have whichever horn of the di-
lemma he chooses to take. I say that this bill,
according to its grammatical construction, and
according to the construction that any judge
not strongly impregnated with the idea mala
grammaliva nun viliat can readily put upon
it, conl'ers upon marticd women, upon minors,
upon idiots, upon lunatics, and upon everybody
native born in all the States, the right to make
and enforce cont pacts, because there is no qual-.
iiieation in the bill, and the very object of the
bill is to override the qualifications that are
upon those rights in the Stales, and to punish
the judges of the several States for executing
ihem. There is no qualification as to the kind
of contracts. The power given to these peo-
ple by this bill is unlimited as to persons, and
it is equally unlimited as to contracts. 1 need
not remind you, sir, that there are a large num-
ber of contracts v/nich are not allowed in the
several States, some on account of policy, some
on account of morality, and others upon account
of positive injunction to the contrary. A con-
tract in my State made upon the Sabbath day
is void ; but under this bill that contract could
be en forced. A contract made against chastity,
pro/t- pudor, is void; but under this bill that
might be enforced.
I wish to diiect the attention of Senators
to the ar'intie, mode in which these important
bills are drawn and passed through this body,
because [hold that this iir.it section in itself,
if there were nothing more in it in the world
than this incongruous kind of phrase that is
made use of, would justify any executive officer
in putting his veto upon it. I have no doubt
it was intended originally by the person who
drew this bill to make the next phrase which
comes in qualify the former, so that the bill
would read:
That all persons born in tin1 United States shall
have tli-.: same right in everv State and Territory to
nia.ke contracts and to tho lull and equal benefit of
ill! laws and proceedings for the security of person
and property as is enjoyed by white citizens.
•'As is enjoyed." But you will observe that
it is a singular verb, and to take the phrase lit-
erally, the word '' benefit" in the line preced-
ing is the nominative to that verb, and supplies
all that is needed in the way of a nominative,
i am perfectly free to admit that a fair con-
struction of this section would bo to make that
second clause qualify the first and to take the
whole section as meaning that these persons
should only enjoy such rights as are enjoyed
by the white persons of tho State or Territory
wheie these rights are claimed ; but that is not
this bill, it is not its grammatical construction ;
and when we observe, as we do here daily, that
cavils are made upon the ninth pait of a hair,
very frequently: and when wc lind such loose
notions prevailing upon the proper construc-
tion to be given to the law.s, I am afraid that a
corrupt, a passionate, or a prejudiced judge,
who had some end or motive beyond that which j
ought to govern him in the execution of his j
official duty, would take advantage of tins in j
order to widen the jurisdiction of the United !
States courts and drag into thefn not only all
the native-born people of the country, but_ to
drag into those courts all the business which
had heretofore occupied tho State courts. Is
that nothing? Why, sir, to suppose such a
thing possible is to suppose an ignorance of
our form of government, of its frame and text-
ure, and of the powers delegated to it that is
enough in this nineteenth century to make a
man tremble for the fate of constitutional gov-
ernment.
Mr. President, the subjects-matter of the first
section of this bill never have been within the
jurisdiction or control of the United States
Government. When did an inhabitant of a
Stale or Territory, in a controversy between
himself and one of his neighbors, look to the
United States Government to settle that con-
troversy? When did he look to the United
States Government for any of those rights which
are usually protected by Governments? N ever.
The inhabitant of a State settles his disputes
with his neighbors by a reference to the State
courts. They are the tribunals to decide those
questions: and to the State laws it is to be
referred whether there was a contract or not,
whether the party in contracting was competent
and capable to make the contract or not. It is
to bo referred to the State courts whether there
is a title or not, and how that title shall be
evidenced and how it shall be maintained. All
these subjects are purely and exclusively within
the domain of the States; and the judiciary
power of tho United States extends only to that
single, solitary ease, where it was necessary,
where disputes arise between citizens of dif-
ferent States. If 1 have a difficulty with my
friend from Maryland I am not obliged to go
into a Maryland court in order to adjust that
difficulty. Being a citizen of the State of Penn-
sylvania, I can take him pro hue. vice into the
district court of the United States and have
an impartial (as it was supposed) tribunal there
to settle the differences between us. But when
he has difficulties with citizens of Maryland, or
I have them with citizens of the State of Penn-
sylvania, tho United States Government has
nothing more to do with it, and never has had,
and never has claimed any more right to do with
it than tho Government of Great Britain, or the
Government of Russia, or any other Govern-
ment having'no jurisdiction at all; and it is the
same way with regard to the ordinary crimes
and offenses.
Take all the criminal court business of tho
States, and what have the United States to do
with it? Nothing in the world. They have no
jurisdiction except that which is expressly
given. They have a right to collect the rev-
enues, and they have the right to protect the
revenues. They have a right to coin money,
and therefore they have a right to punish coun-
terfeiting the coin and securities of the United
States. They have a, right to establish post
offiee«, and therefore they have a right to pun-
ish for robbing the mails. They have a right,
because the United States Government is tho
medium through which we communicate with
all foreign Powers, to declare the punishment
of crimes against tho laws of nations, and to
define them. But with these domestic con-
cerns they never have had, and have not, now,
in my judgment, anything whatever to do ; and
to confer upon this Government that power
would be an incalculable mischief, and one
which would tend inevitably to destroy it by
consolidation and by centralizing everything
here. That is the first objection that I have to
this bill; and that objection is, that the first
section is capable of a construction which, if
the United States courts were inclined to am-
plify and enlarge their jurisdiction, and draw
into them cases everywhere, would annihilate
the jurisdiction of the States as to everything
except foreigners.
There is another ambiguity iu the third sec-
tion to which I wish to direct attention: and
I should like to know from some gentleman
learned in the law what is the meaning of this
particular phraseology:
That the district courts of the United States",vithin
their respective districts shall have, exclusively of
the courts of the several States, cognizance of all
crimes and offenses committed against the provisions
of this act, and also, concurrently with the circuit
courts of the United States, of all causes, civil and
criminal, affecting persons who arc denied or cannot
cnforcein thecourts or judicial tribunals of the State
or locality where they may be any of the rights
secured to them by tho first section of this act.
Mr. President, could you tell whether that
was an exclusive jurisdiction on tho part of
the United States court, or a concurrent, juris-
diction in them and the State courts, or an
appellate jurisdiction over the State courts ?
AVhat is the meaning of it? What construc-
tion will a judge put upon it ? If the judge
were disposed to put the construction upon the
first section of which I say it is grammatically
capable, and perhaps he would be justifiable
in doing so, that would draw into tho United
States courts all native-born people; it would
draw into them all that class and character of
business which have heretofore been expressly
and exclusively within the control of State
legislation and State courts ; and if this is act-
ually an exclusive jurisdiction on the part of
the district court and tho circuit court of the
United States, then the whole is finished, the
work is done ; then the States are annihilated;
then, instead of going into a State court you
will be obliged to go into the United States
court. If the jurisdiction is exclusive, you
must go there; and, as power always tends to
encroach, what is to preveut this power from
encroaching in that direction, and what guar-
antee have you that it will stop where you think
it should stop and within safe limits? None
whatever; and let no man in these revolu-
tionary times delude himself with the idea
that it will so stop. If not intended to pro-
duce centralization, it will as a matter of ne-
cessity do so in the struggle which must ensue
between the State governments and the United
States Government.
Mr. President, I do not choose to run that
risk. If we had undoubted authority to pass
this bill, under the circumstances I would not,
vote for it, on account of its objectionable
phraseology, its dubiouslanguage, and the mis-
chief which might attend upon a largo and lib-
eral construction of it in the district and circuit
courts of the United States. Therefore I would
ask, what is the meaning of this bill? Is it
intended, as the language would indicate, that
these courts have exclusively of the State courts
jurisdiction of all the cases I have enumerated
and of all the persons I have enumerated, oris
it an alternative jurisdiction ? Does the author
of the bill mean that one of the proscribed class,
before he can go into the district court or into
the circuit court of the United States for remedy,
must first go into the State court and try it?
Is he to go there to see whether he can cnforce
his right, or whether it shall be denied him?
Then, Mr. President—and I come to that
now—if that is to be its construction, (and that
is tho fairest and most charitable construction
that the authors of the bill can ask to be put
upon it,) I say to these friends of the emanci-
pated African and the African everywhere,
your remedy is delusive; your remedy isjio
remedy at all; and to hold it up to the world
as a remedy, is a gross fraud, however pious it
may be. flow many district courts are there
in the several States that these people inhabit?
There are not more than two district courts in
any of the slave States, and in a great many
of them I think there is hut one ; and you pro-
vide here, and propose it as a remedy to the
black man, " Go into the State court with your
claim and try it; if you are denied or cannot
enforce your remedy there, you can go into tho
district court of the United States." Now, I
appeal to Senators whether that is not a delu-
sion and a snare? Of what magnitude will the
claims of these poor black people be, pray?
Not one out of every hundred will ever have a
claim amounting to over fifty dollars, or, if you
please, say $100. You send him into the State
