302
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 2,
Senate.
Representation of Southern States—Mr. Davis.
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
than they are now. They are out of it as much
now as they were then. They were not out of
the Union at either time ; they were a portion
of the United States whose people were in a
revolt and rebellion against the Government
of the United States, and that was all.
But the honorable Senator from Maine ex-
claims, shall these men assume a position of
hostility to the General Government, and -will
you allow those who were engaged in this hos-
tile conflict against their own Government to
come back and take seats on the floor of the
two Houses of Congress? He assumes that
the laws of conquest apply to the rebels as
they do between independent States interna-
tionally. No sir. The honorable Senator from
Maryland- stated that position truly in his
speech some days ago. This insurrection was
not a "war" in the sense in which that term
is used in our Constitution and in the sense in
which it is used by the laws of nations. Con-
gress is authorized by the Constitution to de-
clare war. To declare war against whom?
Not against a State. All the contemporary
expositors held, and the Supreme Court have
again and again decided, that Congress cannot
declare war against a State, and a State cannot
declare war against the General Government
any more than the General Government can
declare war against a State. That sort of rela-
tion between the States and the United States
is impossible. It cannot exist under our system.
It resolves itself, then, simply into this, that a
portion, if you please a larger portion, of the
people of certain States arrayed themselves
individually against the United States Govern-
mentandresisted itsauthority byforee of arms.
They are simply guilty of insurrection. They
committed a domestic offense. They are guilty
of the crime of treason. While they have arms
in their hands and are in the shock of battle
they may be shot down as public enemies,
because the Constitution permits the militia to
be called out for the purpose of suppressing
insurrection ; and while military resistance ex-
ists anywhere, that term in the Constitution
and its necessary significance permit them to
be pursued with arms in the hands of the pur-
suers and a resort to all the means, forces, and
usages of civilized warfare, while the resistance
is continued, but no longer.
But, Mr. President, as the Senator from
Maryland said, it is not a war power, it is a
police power. There may be a riot in the
united States in resistance to its authority;
there may be sedition in the United States in
the resistance of the execution of its laws and
authority. There may be an insurrection. They
are all crimes and offenses of the same class,
of different degrees; and the highest grade
of offense which our Constitution recognizes
is that of an insurrection. It is a domestic
offense. It is a simple resistance by persons
whowere bound to obey the laws, to their ex-
ecution, and they are to be put down by the
groat police power of the nation, not by war
technically. International belligerent rights
do not apply to the rebels or the United States
Government. There is no conquest or rights
of conquest; there is no subjugation or forfeit-
ure further than it is declared by law and en-
forced by the judgment of the civil courts.
Obedience to law and punishment of individ-
uals for crimes committed are the only legiti-
mate ends to be effected by the Government.
Most of the people of the southern States be-
came insurgents. That was a state of things
which the Constitution contemplated might
exist, and for which it made provision, and
what provision did it make? Congress shall
have power—
" To provide for calling forth the militia to execute
the laws of the Union, suppress insurrections, andre-
pel invasions."
Now, shall we have a Government of dele-
gated powers ? The instrument by which all
the power that this Government possesses was
received is the Constitution. I have read this
clause of the Constitution to show what power
Congress has over the matter of insurrection,
and it is simply the power to suppress it. Has
Congress any more or additional power than
to suppress the insurrection? If it has any
other power, from whence is it derived and
where is the language of the Constitution that
confers it? Here is all the power with which
Congress is clothed over the subject of the late
or any other insurrection. The President directs
the military power of the nation so far as that
power is in commission. It is the duty of the
President to see that the laws be faithfully
executed; and it is his function to apply all
the forces which the laws have placed in his
hands to this end. In addition to that there
is that special provision in the fifteenth para-
graph of the eighth section of the first article
of the Constitution which declares that Con-
gress shall have power—
"To provide for calling forth the militia to execute
the laws of the Union, suppress insurrections, and re-
pel invasions."
Will any gentleman tell me what other power
Congress has over the subject of insurrection
than what is imparted in the words which I
have read? What other act in relation to that
matter has Congress the right to do? Congress
is authorized to call forth the whole militia of
the country if it be necessary to suppress any
insurrection*. That is all the power that Con-
gress has over this subject of insurrection. If
it is not, and Congress has other power, I again
ask for the provision of the Constitution which
authorizes any other or additional act in rela-
tion to insurrection to be performed either by
Congress or the President. Whenever the in-
surrection is suppressed, the work of both Con-
gress and the President is fully and completely
performed, and all governmental power over
the subject is exhausted.
I will now prove from the Constitution, the
laws of Congress, and the decisions of the
Supreme Court, that the power to determine
when any portion of the country is in a state
of insurrection belongs to the President ex-
clusively ; that he as the Commander-in-Chief
of the armies and navies of the United States
has a right to control and direct all the mili-
tary power, land and naval, for the suppression
of the rebellion, and that he has the exclusive
right to decide for himself and for the Gov-
ernment and for the people when the insur-
rection has been suppressed; that Congress
has no cognizance whatever over these points.
I here assume to you, Mr. President, and to
such gentlemen as are present, that Congress
has passed organic laws to carry this clause of
the Constitution into operation, to wit, to sup-
press insurrection and to enforce the execution
of the laws; that by those laws in their form
and letter, as recognized and passed upon by
the Supreme Court itself, Congress vested in
the President the exclusive power to decide
when the country was invaded, when any por-
tion of the country was in a state of insurrec-
tion, and when there was domestic violence in
a State; that Congress has no power, since the
passage of those laws, to decide those ques-
tions at all, but that their decision rests ex-
clusively with the President of the United States
without any intermeddling by Congress.^
I will read that clause of the Constitution
again, and in connection with it a portion of
the laws of Congress that have been passed to
carry it into operation. Congress shall have
power—
" To call forth the militia to executc the laws of
the Union, suppress insurrections, and repel inva-
sions."
The first law to gi%,e effect to that clause was
passed in May, 1792, and the second section
of it provides:
"That whenever the laws of the United States
shall be opposed, or the execution thereof obstructed,
in any State by combinations too powerful to be sup-
pressed by the ordinary course of judicial proceed-
ings, or by the powers vested in the marshals by this
act. the same beins notified to the President of the
United States by ;.n associate justico or the district
judge, it shall bo lawful for the President of the Uni-
ted States to call forth the militia of such State to
suppress such combinations, and to cause the laws to
be duly executed."
This law was passed before the whisky in-
surrection of Pennsylvania. It will bo observed
that before the President could act so as to call
forth the militia to enforce the execution of the
laws of Congress, the state of resistance to
their execution there must be certified to the
President by the judge of the district court.
Congress became satisfied that this mode was
too dilatory, and consequently in 1795 it passed
a supplementary law, authorizing the President
himself to take notice of such state of case as
it provided for, without the intervention of
the judge. I will read the second scction of
that act:
"Sec. 2. And be it furths#enacted. That whenever
the laws of the United States shall be opposed, or the
execution thereof obstructed, in any State by combi-
nations too powerful to besuppressed by the ordinary
course of judicial proceedings, or by the powers vested
in the marshals by this act, it shall be lawful for the
Presidentof tbeUnitcd States to call forth the militia
of such State or of any other State or States as may
be necessary to suppress such combinations, and to
cause the laws to be duly executed; and the use of
the militia so to be called forth may be continued, if
necessary, until the expiration of thirty days after
the commencement of the next session of Congress."
— United States Statutes-at-Large, p. 424.
It will be seen that the President is made
the organ by this latter act of Congress, for
the purpose of determining when the country
is in a state of insurrection, and when the
exigencies of the Government require the mi-
litia to be called out to enforce the execution
of the law. These laws have been before the
Supreme Court for their construction, in the
case of Luther vs. Borden, 7 Howard. I will
read several extracts from the opinion of the
court rendered by Chief Justice Taney. On the
points of the existence of the State govern-
ment, what it was, and who were its incum-
bents, the opinion says:
"But the courts uniformly held that that inquiry
proposed to bo made belonged to the political power
and not the judicial; that it rested wiCh the political
power to decide whether the chartergovernmenthad
been displaced or not; and when that decision was
madethe judicial department would be bound to tako
notice of it as the paramount law of the State, with-
out the aid of oral evidence or the examination of
witnesses; that according to the laws and institutions
of Rhode Islandno such government had been recog-
nized by the political power; and that the charter
government was the lawtul and established govern-
ment of the State during the period in contest; and
that those who were in arms against it were insur-
gents and liable to punishment."—7 Howard, 39.
Page 42:
"The fourth section of the fourth article of the Con-
stitution of the United States provides that4 the Uni-
ted States shall guaranty to every State in this Union
a republican form of government, and shall protect
each of them againstinvftsion; and on application of
the Legislature, or of the Executive, (when the Legis-
lature cannot be convened,) against domestic vio-
lence.' Under this article of the Constitution it rests
with Congress to determine what government is the
established one in a State, For as the United States
guaranty to each State a republican form of govern-
ment, Congress must necessarily decide what govern-
ment is established in theState before itcan determine
whether it is republican or not. And when the Sen-
ators and Representatives of aState are admitted into
the councils of the Union, the authority of the gov-
ernment under which they are appointed, as well as
its republican character, is rccognized by the proper
constitutional authority. And its decision is binding
on every other department of government and could
not be questioned in a judicial tribunal."
In the same case (7 Howard, 42,) the court
said:
"So too, as relates to the clause in the above-men-
tioned aiticleof the Constitution, providing for cases
of domestic violence. It rested with Congress, too,
to determine upon the means proper to be adopted
to fulfill this guarantee. They might, if they had
deemed it most advisable to do so, have placed it in
the power of a court to decide when the contingency
had happened which reauired the Federal Govern-
ment to interfere. But Congress thought otherwise,
and no doubt wisely; and by the act of February28,
1795, provided that 'in case of an insurrection in
any State against the governmentthoreof, it shall bo
lawful for the President of the United States, on
application of the Legislature of such State, or of the
Executive, (when the Legislature cannot be con-
vened,) to call forth such number of the militia of
another State or States as may be applied for, as
lie may adjudge sufficient to suppress such insurrec-
tion.' "
