1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
303
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
He/presentation, of Southern States—Mr. Davis.
Senate.
Again, on page 43:
"By this act, the power of deciding whether the
exigency had arisen upon which the Government of
the United States is bound to interfero is given to
the President. Ho is to act upon the application of
the Legislature or of the Executive, and consequently
he must determine what body of men constitute the
Legislature, and who is the Governor, before ho can
act. The fact that both parties claim the govern-
ment cannot alter the case, for both cannot he enti-
tled to it. If there is an armed conflict like the one
of which we are speaking, it is a case of domestic
violence, and one of the parties must be in insur-
rection against tho lawful government. And the
President must of necessity decide which is the gov-
ernment, and which party is unlawfully arrayed
against it, before he can perform tho duty imposed
upon him by the act of Congress."
On page 44:
"In the case of foreign nations, the Government
acknowledged by the President is always acknowl-
edged by the courts of justice. And this principle
has been applied by the act of Congress to the sover-
eign States of the Union."
Here is the principle that is at the pith of
the proposition that is now pending before the
Senate. I read from page 44:
" It is said that thispower in the President is dan-
gerous to liberty, and may be abused. All power
may be abused if placed in unworthy hands. But
it would bo difficult, we think, to point to any other
hands in which this power would be more safe, and
at the same time equally effectual,
" At all events,it is conferred upon him by theCon-
stitution and laws of tho United States, and must
therefore be respected and enforced in its judicial
tribunals.
"A question very similar to this arose in tho ease
of Martin vs. Mott, 12 Wheaton, 29-31. Tho first
clause of the first section of the act of February 28,
1795, of which we have been speaking, authorizes the
President to call out the militia to repel invasion.
It is tho second clause in tho same section which
authorizes tho call to supprcssan insurrection against
a State government. The power given to the Presi-
dent is such and is the same—with this difference
only, that it cannot be exercised by him in the latter
case, except upon the application of the Legislature
or the Executive of tho State.
"The case above mentioned arose out of aeall made
by the President, by virtue of the power conferred
by the first clause ; and the cotfrt said that 1 when-
ever a statute gives a discretionary power to any
person to be exercised by him upon his own opinion
of certain facts, it is asound rule of construction that
tho statute constitutes him the sole and exclusive
judge of the oxistense of those facts.' Tho grounds
upon which that opinion is maintained are set forth
in the report, and are, we think, conclusive. The same
principle applies to the case now before the court."
I will now read a short extract from that
opinion in Wheaton, rendered by Mr. Justice
Story:
"If we look at the language of the act of 1795,
every conclusion drawn from the nature of the power
itself is strongly fortified. The words are, ' when-
ever the United States shall bo invaded, or be in
imminent danger of invasion, &c., it shall be lawful
forthe President, &c., to call forth such number of the
militia, &c., as he may judge necessary to repel such
invasion.' The power itself is confided to the Ex-
ecutive of the Union, to him who is, by the Consti-
tution, 'the Commander-in-Chief of the militia
when called into the actual service of the United
States,'whoso duty it is to 'take care that tho laws
be faithfully executed,'and whose responsibility for
an honest discharge of his official obligations is se-
cured by tho highest sanctions. He is necessarily
constituted the judge of the existence of the exigency
in the first instance, and is bound to act according to
his belief of the facts. If he does so act, and decides
to call forth the militia, his orders for this purpose
are in strict conformity with the provisions of the
law, and it would seem to follow as a necessary con-
sequence, that every actdone by a subordinate officer
in obedience to such orders, is equally justifiable.
The law contemplates that under such circum-
stances, orders shall be given to carry the power into
effect; and itcannot therefore be a correct inference
that any other person has a just right to disobey
them. Tho law does not provide for any appeal from
tho judgment of tho President, or for any right in
subordinate officers to review his decision and in
effect defeat it. Whenever a statute gives a discre-
tionary power to any person, to be exercised by liim
upon his own opinions of certain facts, it is a sound
rule of construction that the statute constitutes him
the sole and exclusive judge of tho existence of those
facts. And in the present case we are all of opinion that
such is the true construction of the act of 1795. It
is no answer that such a power may he abused, for
there is no power which is not susceptible of abuse.
The remedy for this, as well as for all other official
misconduct, if it should oeeur, is to be found in the
Constitution itself."
Here is a compend of the whole matter.
The fifteenth paragraph of section eight of
article one of the Constitution provides that
Congress shall have >power—
"To make all laws which shall be necessary and
proper for carrying into execution the foregoing
powers, and all other powers vested by this Consti-
tution in the Government of the United States, or
in any department or officer thereof."
This general clause gives to Congress an
indefinite power to pass all laws which shall
be necessary to execute its enumerated powers,
among which is one to provide "for calling forth
the militia to execute the laws of the Union,
suppress insurrections, and repel invasions."
This act of 1795, and the act of July, 1861, are
made under this general power vested by that
clause of the Constitution in Congress. Con-
gress is authorized to invoke all subsidiary pow-
ers necessary to carry the express powers given
to it into operation. Among those express
powers is one to call out the militia to sup-
press insurrection, to repel invasion, to put
down domestic disorders in a State, and to
enforce the due execution of the laws of Con-
gress where they are resisted by combinations
too powerful for the marshal with his ordinary
posse comitatus to overrule. Then Congress
in the exercise of this general power passed a
law with this section :
" That whenever the laws of the United States shall
be opposed, or the execution thereof obstructed, in
any State by combinations too powerful to be sup-
pressed by the ordinary course of judicial proceed-
ings, or by the powers vested in the marshals by this
act, it shftll bo lawful for tho President of the United
States to call forth the militia of such State, or of
any other State or States, as may be neccssary to sup-
press such combinations and to cause the laws to be
duly executed."
What states of case do this clause of the
Constitution and this section of tho act of 1795
provide for? The Constitution contemplated
that a State might be disturbed by a domestic
insurrection; that the United States might be
invaded; that there might be insurrection
against the Government of the United States,
and that the execution of its laws might be re-
sisted by combinations too powerful to be put
down by the marshal and his posse comitatus.
It therefore expressly declared that Congress
should have power to act whenever t.he country
was in either of those conditions. Congress
was given power to pass .such laws as should
be necessary and proper for rectifying tho dis-
turbed condition of the country. Congress has
so legislated in reference to the very case of
this insurrection. Here has been a resistance
in the southern States to the due execution of
the laws of Congress. That resistance has been
headed by combinations too powerful to be put
down by the marshal and his posse comitatus.
Congress, by its act of 1795, the second section
of which I have just read, provides that to cor-
rect such a disorder as that the President shall
not be required to wait for the certificate of the
judge of the United States court, but he him-
self, upon his own information, upon his own
volition, shall decide when the country is in
such a state of case as to require him to call
out the militia for the purpose of enforcing the
due execution of the law and putting down the
insurrection.
What has the Supreme Court in the cases of
Luther vs. Borden, and Martin vs. Mott, de-
cided in relation to these questions? That
Congress has expressly vested in the President
the power to order out the militia to meet such
demands of the Government and the country.
The Supremo Court has proceeded to consider
and to expound this law in the two cases from
which I have just read; and it has decided ex-
plicitly that the sole and exclusive power over
the whole subject is given by the law of Con-
gress into the hands of the President. It is for
the President to decide when the laws are re-
sisted by such a combination. The court holds
that it is his sole and exclusive function to
decide that point. The court further decides,
that when the President has determined that
such a state of case exists, he has the exclusive
power to call out the militia forces of the States
to the extent authorized by law into the service
of the United Statfis for the purpose of enfor-
cing the due execution of the law. If lie lias
the right to do this, as Commander-in-Chief he
has the right to conduct the military operations
to put down this resistance to the execution of
the law. He has not only the right to say when
this state of case has arisen, but he necessarily
has the right to decide how long it continues
and when it terminates.
Let me illustrate this by the example of the
whisky insurrection in the State of Pennsyl-
vania. That was an insurrection, a resistance
by an armed mass of people to the due execu-
tion of the law. That exigence gave rise to
the passage of the act of 1795. The Supreme
Court in passing upon that act say expressly
that the President, if that act had been in
existence at the time of the whisky insurrec-
tion, would have had tho sole and the exclu-
sive right to decide the fact whether the laws
were resisted by such a combination or not,
and that if he determined that they were so
resiste'd, he would have had the right to call
out the militia of the State, and as much of
the militia of the adjoining States, within the
limits of the law, according to his discretion,
for the purpose of enforcing the execution of
the law. Congress was necessarily excluded
from all right to act in the case.
Now, sir, let us apply these principles to the-
case of the southern States in which the people
rose in resistance to the execution of the laws
of the United States. Whose office, whose
duty was it to decide when they thus resisted
the execution of the laws of the UnitedStates?
It was the function of the President of the
United States. The law of 1795 authorized
him to do so, required him to make that de-
cision, and commanded him to call out the
militia for the due execution of the laws of
Congress. The Supreme Court in both the
cases from which I have read decided that
Congress by the passage of the act of 1795
vested the President with the sole and exclu-
sive power to determine that point himself, and
that his decision cannot be appealed from;
that it is final, conclusive, and exclusive. The
court said in terms that the President had tho
exclusive right to decide that question. If he
has a right when the country is in a state of
insurrection to order out the militia, he has
necessarily a right to decide when the military
power has suppressed it. Ho orders the militia
into the service of the United States; he orders
them and the United States Army also to march
upon an expedition to put down the obstruc-
tions to the execution of the law. Everybody
embraced by that order must obey it. The
Supreme Court has decided that this order of
his is dominant; that it controls and commands
the courts as well as all military and civil offi-
cers. It has been decided that he himself in
virtue of this clause of the Constitution mak-
ing him Commander-in-Chief, and the act of
Congress, is clothed with the sole and exclu-
sive power to decide that question of insur-
rection and to suppress it by force of arms.
The further question whether the President
has the power to decide when insurrection
is put down, I admit is not expressly deter-
mined by the Supreme Court, nor is there any
opinion upon that point suggested, but that is
a sequence necessary of the principle which it
did sustain. When it decided that the act of
1795 gives to the President the sole and exclu-
sive right to determine when the country is
invaded; when a State has such a domestic
disturbance in it as requires the President,
upon the application of the Governor or the
Legislature of that State, to intervene with the
military power of the United States for the
purpose of putting down the disorder; when
they decided that the act of 1795 authorized
the President himself, without llie intervention
of a district judge or of any other officcr, civil
or military, to determine that the laws of Con-
gress are resisted in a State by a combination
too powerful to be put down by tho marshal
and his posse comitatus; and that he having
adjudged that to be the state of the case, orders
the militia and the military power to march to
