1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2743
to pass at any time a law by which that contract
might be annulled.
About the details of the bill, as originally
reported, the committee have never been tena-
cious. 1 merely carried out their instructions
in contending for what they had carefully con-
sidered and prepared, and in insisting upon the
provisions of the bill as they wore, until some-
thing better was offered. Since the last ref-
erence of the bill, friends of the measure, not
upon the committee, have submitted amend-
ments which the committee have become sat-
isfied were improvements on the original plan.
These have in every instance been incorpo-
rated into the bill as now reported. None of
them were matured and offered while the bill
was under discussion in the House. If they
had been, they would hare been promptly ac-
cepted then. I was instructed to sustain and
defend the bill in the spirit of the teaching of
the Roman poet, which forms a maxim in his
art:
"Si quid novisti rectius isti=,
Candidus imperii; si rjn, ills utere mecum."
And whenever the better have been imparted
they have beer, gladly accepted.
Mr. Speaker, I now call the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. PAINE. I desire to move an amend-
ment to strike out from the bill the provisions
with reference to compulsory 'or involuntary
bankruptcy, sections thirty-nine, forty, forty-
one, and forty-two. I do not suppose that this
amendment will meet the approval of the gen-
tleman from Rhode Island ; but I ask him to
yield to me that I may test the opinion of the
House upon the matter.
Mr. JENCKES. That point was raised
during the course of the discussion, and as the
sense of the House lias already been tested, I
decline to withdraw the previous question for
that amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw the call for the previous question to
let me move the postponement of this hari-
kari until December next. [Laughter.]
Mr. JENCKES. I decline to withdraw the
demand for the previous question.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
59, noes 35.
Mr. BLAINE demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the bill be laid
upon the table; and on that motion demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 49, nays 78, not voting.
56; as follows :
TEAS—Messrs. Anderson, DelosR. Ashley, Baker,
Bidweli, Blaine, SidneyClarke, Cobb, Cook, Dawson,
Defrees. Dumont. Eckley, Eldridge, Goodyear, Grider,
Aaron Harding. Abner C. Harding, Honderson. Ches-
ter D. Hubbard^ Ddwin N. Hubbell, ingersoll, Julian,
Kelso, Kerr, William Lawrence, Loan, Lynch, Mars-
ton, McClurg, McKee, Niblack, O'Neill, Orth. Paine,
Perham, Plants, Price, Samuel J. Randall, William
H. Randall, Rittor, Rollins, Ross, Sawyer, Sclienek,
Sitgreavcs. Stevens, Weiker, James F. Wilson, and
"Wmfield—19.
NAYS — Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Ancona,
James M. Ashley, Baldwin, Ba,nks, Baxter. Beaman.
Bergen, Boutwell, Boyer, Brandegee, Chaaler, Conk-
linfr, Davis, Dawes. Dealing. Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly,
3)riggs, Eliot, Farnsworth, Ferry, Garfield, Griswold,
Hale, Higby, Hogan. Holmes, Hooper, llotcbkiss,
Asahel W. Tlubbard, Demas Hubbard, John H. Hub-
bard^IIulburd, James M. Humphrey, Jenckes, Kcl-
ley. ICetcham, Laflin, George V. Lawrence, Loneyear,
Marvin. MeCullough, McRuer, Moorhead, Morris,
Myers, Nicholson, Phelps, Pike, Radford, Alexander
Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Ward, Hemy
D. W ash burn, William B. Washburn, Williams, Win-
dom. Woodbridge, and Wright—78.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Barker, Benjamin, Bing-
ham, Blow. Bromwell, Broomall, Buckland, Buudy,
Reader W. Clarke, Coffroth, Oullom, Culver,Darling,
Delano, Denison, Eggloston.Farquhar, Finck, Gloss-
bremier, Grmnell, Harris, Hart, Hayes, Hill, James
It. Hubbell, James Humphrey, Johnson, Jones, Ka :
son, Kuykendall, Latham, LeBlond,Marshall, Mcln-
doe.Mercur, Miller, Momll, Moulton,Newell, Noell,
Patterson, Pomeroy, Ra.vmoiid, Shanklin, Shellabai-
ger, Smith, Starr, Stilwell.Strouse, Thornton, Robert
T. Van Horn, Warner, Elihu B. AYashburne, Went-
worth, Whaiey, and Stephen F. Wilson—56.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
During the vote,
Mr. C LJLLOM stated he was paired with Mr.
Wentwop.th, who was for the bill, while he was
against it.
Mr. DENISON stated he was paired with
Mr. Noell, who would vote for the bill, while
he was against it.
Mr. KUYKENDALL stated he was paired
with Mr. Raymond, who would vote for the bill,
while he would vote against it.
Mr. ALLISON stated that his colleague, Mr.
Kassox, who would vote for the bill, was paired
with Mr. Benjamin-, who. would vote against it.
Mr. LE BLOND stated he was paired with
Mr. Grinxell, who was for the bill, while he
was against it. a
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. JENCKESdemanded theprevious ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky, demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 08, nays 50, not vot-
ing 56 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, James M.
Ashley, Baldwin, Banks, Baxter, Bearaan, Bergen.
Blow,Boutwell, Brandegee, Chanler, Conkling, Da-
vis, Dawes, Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Kliof,
Farnsworth, Ferry, Gn^wold, Hale, llogan, Holmes,
Hooper, Hotchlu. s. Asahel VV. Hubbard, Demas Hub-
bard, JohnH. Hubbaid, Hulburd. Jamec 31. Hum-
phrey, Jenckes,Keiley, Keteham. Laiiiii, Longyear,
Marvin, MeCullough, McRuer, Moorhead, Morris,
Nicholson, Phelps, Pike. Radford, Alexander H.
j Rice. John H. Rice, Rousseau. Scofieid.^loan. Spald-
i in:-, Taber, Taylor. Thayer, France Thomas, John
i L. Thomas, Tumble, Tiowbridce, Ct-on. A an Aer-
1 nam, Burt Van Horn, Ward, Henry D. Washburn,
I Williams, and Woodhridge—6K.
1 NAYS—Messrs. Aneoiia, Anderson. Delos R. Ash-
ley, Baker, Bidweli, Blaine, Boyer, Sidney Clarke,
Cobb, Cook, Dawson, Delrees.Demfcig,Dumont, Eck-
ley, Eldridge, Glossbrenner, Goodyear, Grider, Aaron
Harding, AbnerC.Harding,Honderson,Higby, Ches-
ter D. Hi\bbard, Edwin N. Hubbell. Julian, Kelso,
Kerr, George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Loan,
Marshall, Marston, McClurg, McKee, Myers, Nib-
lack, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Patterson, Perham, Plants,
Price, Samuel J. Randall, William II. Randall, Rit-
ter.Roilins, Ro««. Sawyer. Schcnck, Sifgreaves, Ste-
vens, StilwelJ, WilliamB. Washburn, H'elker, James
F. Wilson, indom, and V,'infield—3.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Barker, Benjamin, Bing-
ham. Bromwell. Broomall, Buckland, Bundy.Reader
W. Clarke, Collroth, Catiom, Culver, Darling, Del-
ano, Denison, Eggleston, Farquhar, Finck. Garfield,
Grinnell, Harris, Hart, Hayes. Hill. James R. Hub-
bell, James Humphrey, Ingersoll. Johnson, Jones,
Kasson, Kuykendall. Latham, Le Blond, Lynch, Mc-
Indoe, Meicur, Miller, Morrill, Moulton, Newell,
Noell, Pomeroy, Raymond, Rogers, Shanklin, She!-
labarger, Smith, Starr. Strouse, Thsmton. Robert T.
Vanliorn.Warner.Elihu B. Washburne.Wenuvorth,
Wlialey, Stephen F. Wilson, and Wright—5G.
So the bill was passed.
During the roll-call.
Mr. CULLOM said: I have paired with my
colleague, Mr. Wkxtworth. He would have
voted for the bill, and I against it.
Mr. KUYKENDALL. I have paired with
the gentleman from New York, Mr. Raymond.
He would have voted for it. and I against it.
Mr. ALLISON. My colleague. Mr. Kas-
son, who would have voted for this bill, has
paired with the gentleman from Missouri, Mr.
Bexjamix, who would have voted against it.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Mr. Speaker, I voted
" no " on the call of the Clerk. The chairman
of the committee informs me that the gentleman
from New York, Mr. Pomeroy, who is absent,
has written to him that lie understood the pair
that he made with me a month ago still con-
tinues; that he supposes that the pair applied
to the old bankrupt bill, which was defeated,
and also to this, that takes its place. If that
is so, I wish to withdraw mv vote.
Mr. GARFIELD. 1 have paired with the
gentleman from New York, Mr. Darling, who
would have voted for the bill, and I would
have voted against it.
Mr. JENCKES moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed: and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER stated as the next business
in order the calling of the select committee on
freedmen's affairs for reports.
WILBEllFOItCU INSTITUTE.
On motion of Mr. ELIOT, the committee on
freedmen's affairs was discharged from the
further consideration of the memorial of J. H.
Irwin for an appropriation for Wilberforce
Institute, and the same was referred to the
committee on education.
freedmen's bureau.
Mr. ELIOT. The select committee on
freedmen's affairs have instructed me to report
a bill to continue in force and to amend an act
entitled "An act to establish a Bureau for the
Relief of Freedmen and Refugees, and for other
purposes."
The bill was read a first and second time,
and the question was upon ordering it to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The Clerk commenced the reading of the
bill, but before concluding the morning hour
expired.
On motion of Mr. ELIOT, by unanimous
consent, the bill was ordered to be printed.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that they had
examined and found truly enrolled bills and
a joint resolution of the following titles; when
the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 510) to incorporate the
Academy of Much; of Washington city:
An act (II. R. No. 371) to grant a pension
to Leonard St. Clair; and
j Joint resolution (S. R. No. 97) to authorize
certain medals to be distributed to veteran
soldiers free of postage.
withdrawal of papers.
On motion of Mr. DRIGGS, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted to withdraw from
the files of th'e House the papers in the case
of John C. Jacoby, copies being left.
LAWS OF ATIIZONA.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
copy of the laws of Arizona Terrilor;, ; which
was referred to the Commiuee on Territories.
clerks is the war department.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication from the. Secretary of War,
transmitting a list of clerks in his Department,
in compliance with a resolution of the House
of the 7th instant; which was referred to the
select committee on the civil service of the
United States.
equalization of bounties.
Mr. SCHENCK. A motion has been en-
tered to reconsider the reference of the bill for
the equalization of bounties to the Committee
of the Whole. Some suggestions have been
made in reference to a change of phraseology,
there being two or three ambiguities in the bill,
and it may be well to revise it. I ask. therefore,
to have it recommitted to the Committee on
Military Affairs, so that we may aei upon it at
the next meeting on Thursday, and report it
back.
The motion to reconsider prevailed : and the
bill was accordingly recommitted to the com-
mittee with authority to report at any time.
withholding soldiers' money.
Mr. DRIGGS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to punish attorneys and othera for
withholding moneys collected for officers, sol-
diers. and sailors; which was road a first and
second time, and referred to the Committes
oil Military Affairs.
