S704
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
looking to the object to be accomplished, to
pass the bill; that the act of retrocession was
constitutionally passed, and that there is noth-
ing in the objection that the validity of that act
was made to depend upon the votes of the
people who were to be affected by it.
Mr. STEWART. I am compelled to differ
from the Senator from Maryland upon the ques-
tion of law which he last discussed, and to
concur fully with the Senator from New York.
I think if there is anything well settled—I have
had several occasions to examine it—it is that
a legislative body clothed with the authority to
make laws has not the power to delegate that au-
thority. The Constitution has vested the legis-
lative power in Congress, and has given Congress
no authority to delegate that power. The ques-
tion has arisen in many of the States and has
been thoroughly considered, and the decisions
are uniform. It arose in California some ten
years ago, where an act was passed making the
location of several county seats dependent upon
a vote of the people. It was held that the act
of the Legislature was void, that it had no
authority to delegate its power of legislation.
I have a case before me where the same ques-
tion was decided in New York, and I desire to
call the attention of the Senator from Mary-
land to this case, in which the law is stated
very clearly. It is the case of Barto vs. Him-
rod, 4 Selden's Reports, page483. 1 will read
the syllabus:
"The act establishing free schools throughout the
Stato was unconstitutional and void, for the reason
that the fact of its being a law was made to depend
upon the result of a popular vote.  
"Laws must be enacted by the legislative bodies
to whom tho legislative power is committed by the
constitution. They cannot divest themselves of the
responsibility of their enactment by a reference of
the question of their passage to their constituents."
The syllabus states the cass very well, and
in (he opinion of tho court several decisions
to the same effect are cited. In examining the
question on a former occasion J found that
laws had been passed in many of the States
submitting different propositions to tho people,
and they had been, I think, uniformly hold by
the courts to be unconstitutional and void. A
very obvious reason is that if such a practice
is allowed it becomes impossible for tho peo-
ple to know after a lapse of time what the law
is, it existing in parol and not in the statute-
book. Then it is delegating to an irresponsi-
ble body the power of legislation.
* I have no doubt upon that consideration, if
there were no other, that this act of retroces-
sion is absolutely void, that the retrocession
of that portion of the District was not in fact
made even if Congress had the power to make
it. Although Congress may not have had the
power to cede away a portion of the District,
still the existence of this act leaves us in con-
fusion ; the courts are embarrassed; the ques-
tion is a disturbing one. Courts always hes-
itate before they undertake to declare a law
unconstitutional, particularly where it refers
to territorial jurisdiction. They are much in-
clined to follow the legislative department;
and I think it important that the legislative
department should declare itself clearly upon
this question and resumejurisdiction, and there
is no doubt that tho courts will follow it, and
that will end the whole controversy in a short
time. If it is left to a long course of loose
litigation, in which no party is specially inter-
ested, if it is left to individuals to contest it
when it is the duty of Congress to legislate
directly, great evils may ensue. I believe this
bill is a good one and should pass.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator from New
York and the Senator from Nevada seem to
rely entirely upon the ground that the act of
retrocession was made conditional upon a vote
of the people in that part of the District retro-
ceded to Virginia, l apprehend that, notwith-
standing some of the State courts have declared
that legislation submitted to the people by the
State Legislatures and made conditional upon
a vote of the people is unconstitutional, they
have always done so under the peculiar pro--
visions of the constitution of their State. I
apprehend that those learned Senators will not
undertake say that Congress cannot pass
any act which is made conditional upon some
subsequent act of the people. I fear that if
that is the case my State, which I had fondly
supposed was in the Union since 1821, is not
in at all, and that it is within the proper power
of any court now to declare that Missouri is
not in the Union. It will be recollected that
in 1820 the constitution of the State of Missouri
was adopted and Congress objected to one of
its provisions. The constitution was submitted
here, and it was made necessary before the
State could be admitted that the people of the
State or their authorities should repeal a cer-
tain provision of their constitution, and when
that was dotie the State was to be admitted
upon tho proclamation of the President. The
act which was passed for the admission of the
State of Missouri, March 2, 1821, provided:
"That Missouri shall bo admitted into this Union
on an equal footing with the original States, in all
respects whatever, upon tho fundamental condition
that the fourth clause of the twenty-sixth section of
the third artiole of the constitution submitted on the
part of said. State to Congress shall never be con-
strued to authorize the passage of any law, and that
no lawshall be passed in conformitythereto.by which
any citizen of either of the States in this Union shall
be exbluded from the enjoymentof any of the privi-
leges and immunities to which such citizen is entitled
under the Constitution of the United States; Pro-
vided, That the Legislature of the said State, by a
solemn public act, shall declare the assentof thesaid
State to the said fundamental condition, and shall
transmit to the President of the United States, on or
before the fourth Monday in November next, an
authentic copy of the said act; upon receiptwhercof
the President, by proclamation, shall announce the
fact.; whereupon, and without any further proceed-
ing on the part of Congress, the admission of the said
State into this Union shall be considered as com-
plete,"
There was a condition-precedent, a public
act of the State of Missouri, and the thing to
make it final and complete was the proclama-
tion of the President. It will be remembered
that two years ago Colorado was, by an act of
Congress, to be admitted upon the condition-
precedent that a majority of her people voted
for it, and the President's proclamation an-
nouncing that fact was ipso facto to operate as
an admission of Colorado as a Stato. Sen-
ators have had it up here and have discussed
it during this session of Congress. The whole
question has been discussed arid rediscussed
here. It will be seen, therefore, that the doc-
trine laid down by the learned Senators, as
deduced from the decision of the court of
appeals of the State of New York, will not
hold good so far as the legislation of Congress
is concerned. Why, Mr. President, States
again and again have been admitted upon the
condition that their people, a majority of the
people of the Territory, should vote in favor
of the proposition and the President so pro-
claimed the fact.
How was it in regard to the vote of Alexan-
dria? The act of 1846 provided thatthe ques-
tion should be submitted to the people of Al-
exandria. . I read from the fourth section of
the act:
" That this act shall not be in forco until after the
assent of the people of tho county and town of Alex-
andria shall be given to it in the mode hereinafter
provided."
Provision is made for an election to be held,
and it is declared:
" If a. majority of the votes so given shall be east
against accepting the provisions of this act, then it
shall be void and of no effect; but if a majority of the
said votes should be in favor of accepting the provis-
ions of this act, then this act shall be in full force,
and it shall be the dutyof the President of the United
States to inform the Governor of Virginia that this
act is in full force and effect, and to make proclama-
tion of the faet."
Congress provided its own commissioners to
take the vote, and one copy of it was to be filed
with the President of the United States, one
with the Governor of Virginia, and the other
to be filed in the clerk's office of the county
court of Alexandria. When that was done,
and the fact was proclaimed by the President,
then, of course, Alexandria jpassed under the
jurisdiction of the State of "V irginia.
Now, there is no difference between that
legislation and the legislation in regard to the
admission of any State into the Union—not one
particle of difference between that and the legis 
lation in regard to Colorado. The President
was to proclaim that a majority of the people
of Colorado had voted for the admission, and
upon the proclamation of the President the State
was to enter the Union. It was legislation of
Congress, dependent in the one case upon the
action of the Legislature of the State of Mis-
souri, and in the other.dependent upon the vote
of the people of Colorado. Now, there can be
no question that legislation of this sort has been
sanctioned again and again. I might instance
other Territories and other legislation, but it is
useless so to do.
Now, in reference to this matter, it strikes
me as being the most astonishing proposition
in the world that Congress has no power to
change the seat of Government. I think the fal-
lacy of that proposition has been demonstrated
beyond any doubt by the Senator from Mary-
land. If, as he very justly says, Congress can-
not relinquish its jurisdiction over any part of
the District of Columbia, when that jurisdic-
tion has once attached, it is also an utter im-
possibility for Congress to relinquish its juris-
diction over any of the forts, arsenals, or
dock-yards of the United States, because the
authority is identical and given in the same
provision of the Constitution. Hence the ar-
gument of the able and distinguished Senator
from New York falls-to the ground. There cer-
tainly cannot be force in it, because the author-
ity is identical in the two cases, and Congress
has again and again yielded its jurisdiction to
the States from which it acquired tracts of land
for military purposes.
Mr. President, the very object of acquiring
the scat of Government was that we should
have room for the capital and public buildings.
It is clearly within the jurisdiction of Congress
any time to change the capital of the United
States. It may be changed to Cincinnati; it
may be changed to Detroit; it may be changed
to Boston ; it may be removed to any other city
in the Union. I cannot doubt it. It may be
asked, if the capital should be removed, what
becomcs of the people of the District? Does
not the very same law apply that would apply
in the case of a dedication by an individual
to public uses ? The State of Maryland and
the State of Virginia ceded the District to the
Government of the United States for certain
purposes. If gentlemen are curious to look at
the legislation of those States in 1789 and 1790,
they would find that the cessions of Virginia
and Maryland were made for a specific pur-
pose, and that was for a seat of Government.
Now, suppose that Congress within its dis-
cretion shall remove the seat of Government,
whatt results as a matter of course ? Suppose
this transfer had never been made, of course,
naturally, without any legislation, the jurisdic-
tion of the respective portions given by Mary-
land and Virginia would fall back to those
respective States. Suppose that a party laying
out a town dedicates to certain public uses a
portion of the ground specified upon the plat,
and the city afterward ceases to use that par-
ticular portion in the manner indicated upon
the plat, have not the courts all over the coun-
try decided again and again that the soil reverts
back to the original grantor? And so it is with
this District. I apprehend that if Congress
removed the seat of Government it would .revert
back, the respective portions, to the States that
gave it. I cannot look at it in any other light.
Hence it i3 that owing to the fact that I hon-
estly think we shall complicate the difficulties
now presented by the passage of this 'act, I
have opposed it. If the act of 1846 be uncon-
stitutional on account of the vote of the peo-
ple that can be tested, and I cannot see that
the passage of this bill will enable a man to
test it any better than he could without. Hence
I must vote against the bill.
Mr. STEWART. I cannot see the point of
the illustration made by the Senator from Mis-
souri. He says that Congress may delegate its
authority to legislate for the reason that it ad-
mits a State upon condition that that State will
perform some particular act. Let me remind
