2744
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
changes OF reference.
On motion of Mr. DRIGGS, the Committee
on Public Lauds was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of House bill No. 522, to
provide for the construction of a wagon road
from Columbus, Nebraska Territory, to Vir-
ginia City, Montana Territory.
On motion of Mr. SAWYER, the Committee
on Invalid Pensions was discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of Joseph
Blick. the father of Henry Blick; and the same
was referred to the Committee on Military
Aflairs.
"music in tiib public grounds.
Mr. WRIGHT, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read and referred to the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds:
Resolved, That the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings bo directed to replace the orchestra platform
recently removed from the President's grounds by
the ercction of a new one, and also to erect one upon
the Capitol grounds.
EXECUTIVE MANSION.
. Mr. RICE, of Maine. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to oiler the following
concurrent resolution:
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the Senate
concurring,) That the standing Committees of the two
Houses on Public Buildings and Grounds be, and they
hereby are, constituted a jointcommittee to examine
the several sites and grounds waich may be proposed
for the purposes of a new Executive Mansion and
residence, to inquire as to the necessity and expe-
diency for such new accommodations for the Presi-
dent, nnd to consider such prices, plans, and estimates
touching thesame as may be presented, and that they
report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object.
TAX BILL.
Mr. MORRILL moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Dawes in the chair,) raid resumed the consid-
eration of the special order, being a bill of the
House (No. 513) to amend an act entitled ''An
act to provide internal revenue to support the
Government, to pay interest on th% public debt,
and for otherpurposes,!' approved June 80,1864,
and acts amendatory thereof.
The Clerk read the pending paragraphs, as
follows:
On cotton upon which no tax has been levied, col-
lected, or paid, and which is not exempted by law,
a tax of two cents per pound, which shall be and re-
main a lien thereon until said tax shall have been
paid, in the possession of any person or persons whom-
soever: Provided, That this paragraph shall be and
remain in force until July 1,1866, and no longer.
On all manufactures' not otherwise provided for,
of cotton, wool, silk, worsted, flax, hemp, jute, India-
rubber, gutta-percha, wood, glass, pottery-ware,
leather, paper, iron, steel, lead, tin, copper, zinc,
brass, sold, silver, horn, ivory, bone, bristles, wholly
or in part, or of other materials, a tax ot five per cent.
ad valorem : Pruvid-ed, That on all cloths or articles
dyed, printed, or bleached, on which a tax shall have
been paid before the same were so dyed, printed, or
bleached, the said tax of five per cent, shall be as-
sessed only upon the increased value thereof: And
provided further, That any cloth or fabrics or articles,
as aforesaid, when made whollv or in part of thread,
yarn, or warps, imported, or upon which a duty shall
have been assessed and paid, shall be assessed and
pay a tax on the increased value only thereof: and
when made wholly by the same manufacturer shall
be subject to a tax only of live per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. MORRILL. On page 9-5, line twenty-
one hundred and fifty-two, I move to strike
out the words "wholly or in part;" so that
the proviso will read:
And provided further. That any cloth or fabrics or
articles, as aforesaid, when made of thread, yarn, or
warps, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to insert at the
end of the paragraph the following additional
proviso:
And provided further, That brown earthen and
common or grey stonc-ware shall he subject to a tax
cf two and onehalf percent, ad valorem and no more.
I believe that this amendment will not meet
with any opposition from the Committee of
Ways and Means, and I hope it will be adopted.
It refers only to the cheap pottery for kitchen
purposes.
Mr. MOR.RILL. I have not consulted the
Committee of Ways and Means, but I am in
favor of that amendment myself.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On all diamonds, emeralds, precious stone3, and
imitations thereof, and all other jewelry, a tax of
five per cent, ad valorem: Provided, That when
diamonds, emeralds, precious stones, or imitations
thereof, imported from foreign countries, or upon
which import duties have been paid, shall be set or
reset in gold or any other material, the tax shall be
assessed and paid only upon the valuoof the settings.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. 1 hope I can
have leave to go back to the paragraph pre-
ceding the one just read for the purpose of
striking out the words "flax and jute."
Mr. MORRILL. I must object.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I move to
amend the paragraph just read by striking out
in line twenty-one hundred and fifty-eight the
woTd "five" and inserting "ten," and also by
striking out the proviso.
I hope the committee will give their atten-
tion to this provision. It will be seen that this
provision designs to assess a tax of five per
cent, "on all diamonds, emeralds, precious
stones and imitations thereof, and all other
jewelry." Now, I object to that paragraph
because the tax upon these articles is not suffi-
ciently high as compared with the other arti-
cles enumerated in this bill.
I do not see the propriety of levying the
same tax upon these articles, confessedly arti-
cles of mere ornament and luxury, wholly un-
necessary for any valuablepurpose. I cannot see
the propriety of levying the same tax upon these
articles that you assess upon thread, leather,
candles, screws, and many other articles that
enter into the manufacture of articles of neces-
sity, and articles for the use of the mechanic,
the artisan, and laborer all over the country.
It seems to me that we should impose as large
a tax as possible upon these articles of mere
luxury, so as to derive as much revenue as
practicable.
I do not wish to discuss this matter at any
length. But I hope the amendment I have
offered will prevail, and that we will assess at
least a tax of ten per cent, upon these articles
which can bear it much better than other arti-
cles which are taxed the same amount.
Mr. MORRILL. If the gentleman had had
some experience in this matter he would see
the impolicy of levying any higher rate of duty
than is proposed in this bill. Consider the sub-
ject in its foreign relations; the tax was for-
merly placed at five per cent. In the tariff act
of 1861 it was raised to ten per cent. And I
am informed by those who are engaged in the
business that £hey can contract for diamonds
and precious stones, whether set or unset, de-
livered in New York free of duty, for seven
and a half per cent. Should we undertake to
levy a high tax upon these articles it would
prove to be wholly fallacious. If the gentle-
man means by his amendment to throw this
business entirely into the hands of foreigners,
then his course is a proper one. But if he is
willing to continue the little amount of business
that we have already in this country in these
articles, then the present tax is high" enough.
It is all that we can collect, and I hope that
the rate here proposed will not be changed.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I move to
amend my amendment by making it twelve per
cent., for the purpose of saying that I am not
troubled with the objection which is urged to
my amendment by the distinguished chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr.
Moruit.i,.] I would not propose to throw this
business entirely into the hands of foreign man-
ufacturers. But I understand we are to have
reported a tariff bill in which we can provide
for all that. I would levy such duty on the
importation of those articles as would enable
the home manufacturer to produce all these
articles, or, if you please, to exclude them
entirely from the country.
There is no difficulty whatever in remedying
the difficulty presented by the gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Morrill] pimply by levying such
a duty on the importation of these articles aa
will completely shut them out, or levy such
a tax as will give the home manufacturer the
command of this trade. I do not under-
stand the philosophy that is so often presented
here, when we are insisting upon an increased
tax upon articles of luxury, by saying that we
cannot collect the tax. I know no reason why
high taxes cannot be collected upon articles
of luxury as well as upon articles of necessity.
The tax can be collected by vigilant officers.
If it be necessary we can add provisions to this
law which will enable officers to collect thor-
oughly all the tax that may be levied by the
law.
I hope the amendment I have offered will
prevail, and that we will increase the duty upon
these articles, so that we may derive more rev-
enue from these articles than we will if the tax
should be left at five per cent. I am sure if
the committee will give their attention to this
subject they will have no objection to the
amendment I have proposed.
Mr. MORRILL. I should have no more
objection than the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Lawrence] has to levying a greater tax upon
tliese articles, if it could be collected. But
the gentleman does not seem to appreciate the
objection to that, which is that these articles
are and will be smuggled if the tax upon them
should be raised. The experience of the whole
world is against the argument of the gentle-
man from Ohio, that you can impose a great
tax upon these articles. Take for instance the
article of watches ; a very large amount of the
watches which are brought into this country
from abroad are smuggled. Precious stones
are not bulky articles, and they are not pro-
duced to any extent in this country, and if we
are to get any revenue at all from such arti-
cles, we must fix the tax at a low rate. They
come into the country in letters, in ladies'
dresses, in gentlemen's pockets. It is impos-
sible for the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Law-
rence] to reach his object by the amendment
he has proposed, and I trust his amendment
will not be adopted.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I withdraw
my amendment to my amendment.
The amendment of Mr. Lawrence, of Ohio,
was not agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire consent to recur
to the following paragraph:
On articles of clothing manufactured or produced
for sale by weaving, knitting, or felting; on hats,
bonnets, and hoop skirts; on articles manufactured
or produced for sale as constituent parts of clothing,
or for trimming or ornamenting the same, and on
articles of wearing apparel manufactured or pi oduced
for sale frpm India-rubber, gutta-perchn, or paper,,
or from fur, or iur skins dressed With the fur on, a
tax of five per cent, ad valorem.
I am satisfied that the amendment proposed
on yesterday, to strike out the words "or
paper," should have been adopted.
No objection was made to recurring to the
paragraph referred to.
Mr. GARFIELD. I now move to strike out
the words " or paper."
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I have
some doubt as to the expediency of the pro-
posed amendment. The reason paper was
included in that paragraph was that there is no
tax upon the raw material, for we have relieved
pajjer entirely from tax. We therefore thought
it right that the manufacturer of paper clothing
should be included in the tax of five per cent.
It is the only tax it will pay, either as raw
material or as manufactured articles.
JVlr. GARFIELD. The action of the Com-
mittee yesterday was based upon what we then
understood to be the fact that the whole busi-
ness of making paper collars is in the hatida
of a monopoly controlling entirely the manu-
facture. That, so far as we were then informed,
appeared to bo the truth. Bat we have since
