1784
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
been said on this question; and I say that
nothing worth talking about, nothing worth
attention on the part of a sane man has yet
been produced to show that we have any con-
stitutional authority to pass this bill, however
meritorious the bill itself may bo. It is not
pretended that the power was in the old Con-
stitution ; no man that has ever so little repu-
tation would hazard it upon that assertion. 1
have heard it said that it springs from the recent
amendment abolishing slavery. There is the
color, if there is color anywhere for it, and that
I propose to examine.
What is the fair construction of that amend-
ment of the Constitution abolishing slavery?
That amendment declares that " neither sla-
very nor involuntary servitude, except as a
punishment for crime whereof the party shall
have been duly convicted''—and that exception
might just as well have been left out; it was put
into the old Ordinance of 1787, and has been
handed down as a kind of traditional heir-loom
amona: the Constitution-makers ever since—
"shall exist within the United States or any
place subject to their jurisdiction." What
was the slavery mentioned there? What was
the in voluntary servitude mentioned there?
Was it the service that was due from the minor
to his parent? Was it the right the husband
had to the services of iris wife? Nobody can
pretend that those things were within the pur-
view of that amendment; nobody believes it.
It was mentioned as a matter of ridicule, in
some places, that it did actually liberate the
minor from the control of his parent or guard-
ian ; that it did actually entitle the wife to be
paid for her own services, that they should not
goto the husband; but that was false. The
true meaning and intent of that amendment
was simply to abolish negro slavery. That
was the whole of it. What did it give to the
negro? It abolished his slavery. Wherein did
his slavery consist? It consisted in the re-
straint that another man hail over his liberty,
anil the right that that other had to take the
proceeds of his labor. This amendment de-
prived the master of that right, and conferred
it upon the negro. What more did it do?
Nothing, by the terms of it, and nobody can
construe its terms to extend it beyond that.
It gave to the negro that winch is described in
the elementary books of the law as the right of
personal liberty? What is that right of per-
sonal liberty? The right to go wherever one
pleases without restraint or hinderance'on the
part of any other person.
That is followed bv a subsequent clause, in
which it is stated that Congress shall have a
right to enforce this provision by ''appropriate
legislation.'' What is the appropriate legisla-
tion ? Th('appropriate legislation is that legisla-
tion which allows personal liberty to the negro
and prevents anybody from, restraining him in
that liberty. Allow me again to refer to the
elementary books. The remedies for a restraint
upon personal liberty arc, first, the habeas cor-
pus; and if a bill h framed to give to the negro
the right to the habeas corpus, to deliver him
from restraints which may be exercised over
him by anybody, I shall vote for that bill.
Mr. STB WART. Will the Senator allow me
to ask hint a question?
Mr. COWAN. Yes, sir. .
Mr. STEWART. Would he not have, under
State laws, a right to a writ of habeas corpus
without any act of Congress; has he not that
right now ?
Mr. COWAN. I think so; I have always
thought so.
Sir. STEWART. If he has that right, and
had that right at the passage of the constitu-
ional amendment, what was contemplated by
the phrase giving Congress power to pass ap-
propriate legislation, if not to give him some-
thing that he did not have before?
Mr. COWAM. I have always been of opin-
ion that the second clause of that amendment
amounted to just nothing at all. When sla-
very was abolished, it was abolished as per-
fectly by the first clause as by both together.
At the same time, however, it must be remem-
bered that there has been a school of lawyers
and politicians who contended that the Con-
stitution in itself had no operation, but that it
was for Congress to make such legislation as
should carry it out. I believe there was a
school of politicians who contended that a
fugitive slave law was not necessary, that the
clause in the Constitution itself was enough,
without more; and there were others again
who insisted that the clause in itself amounted
to nothing, unless Congress exercised the power
and passed a law to carry it into effect. I sup-
pose that was in the mind of the person who
drew this second .section, but it simply gives
the right on the part of the United States to
enforce the first.
I say I am perfectly willing to do that. I
shall not stand upon fine points with any man
upon these questions. I will agree to any
habeas corpus law that may be passed to res-
cue the negro from any unlawful restraint of
any kind. I will go further—which would be
" appropriate legislation" in that behalf; if
anybody does restrain improperly of his lib-
erty a negro who has been freed by the amend-
ment to'the Constitution, I will give the negro
a right to damages agayisthim, so that he may
answer in damages to the negro himself, and
if you please you may make kidnaping an
offense. I think there is a bill now on our
table which makes the restraint of the negro
under these circumstances to be a species of
kidnaping. I have no objection to that, be-
cause it is appropriate legislation.
But, Mr. President, I suppose it will not be
pretended by any lawyer in the world that the
subjcct-mattcr of that amendment extended to
anybody but slaves. We have seen that it did
not extend to minors, it did not extend to ap-
prentices, it did not extend to married women.
We know that it did not extend to anybody
who before that time was free. Did anybody
ever suppose that it had any operation what-
ever upon the status of the free negro, a negro
who was born free or who had been emanci-
pated ten years before it was passed? Cer-
tainly not. Nobody ever dreamed of such a
thing. Its operation was wholly confined to
the slave; it made the slave free; it did not
affect anybody else except the master by de-
priving him of his slave.
Now, what does this bill do ? This bill,
pretending to be based upon that amendment
of the Constitution, whose subject-matter was
slaves, and which cannot be extended beyond
that, proposes to legislate for a very large
number of persons who were not slaves, and
who were not within its purview or its opera-
tion. I mean this bill purports to give power
to Congress to legislate in regard to free ne-
groes and mulattoes. To my mind that is as
clear and conclusive an objection to it upon the
score of constitutionality as ever was made to
a bill in the world. However constitutional it
might be with regard to the emancipated slave,
clearly it is as unconstitutional to all other
people not embraced within that amendment.
I happen to have come upon a newspaper in
which it is stated, and I suppose the compiler
is accurate, that the free negroes did amount,
before the abolition of slavery, to nearly half
a million—four hundred and eighty-eight thou-
sand-and seventy—lacking about twelve thou-
sand of half a million. There can be no pre-
tense in the world that we have any authority
to legislate in this wise in regard to them under
the amendment to the Constitution ; and that
is the only place from whence I have heard
anybody attempt to derive any shadow of con-
stitutional authority to pass this bill.
That, Mr. President, if there were nothing
else in it, would have justified this veto. Apart
from everything else, that alone is beyond all
question indubitable; and not only would it
have justified the President in vetoing the bill,
but he would have been false to his oath and
recreant to his duty if he had not vetoed it.
As 1 said before, it is not a question as to the
merits of the bill; it is not whether in that re-
spect it is right or is wrong; it is not a question
whether its provisions are salutary or whether
they are not salutary; it is a question whether
we have a right to pass it.
We are here clothed with authority written
down, powers enumerated and fixed, and that
authority is accompanied by the assertion that
powers not delegated we shall not exercise.
Then, if this power is not delegated, we have
no more right to pass this bill than we would
have a right to do any other unlawful thing.
It is a hundred times greater infraction of our
duty than it could possibly be for a judge, who
is made a criminal under this bill, to decide in
favor of his own State against its constitution-
ality. I have no hesitation in saying that.
Mr. President, I have another objection to
the bill that is anomalous. This bill provides
what I think is entirely new in our jurispru-
dence, and if it is not, it ought to be ; it estab-
lishes and pays public prosecutors ; it estab-
lishes and pays in every county where the
President may choose to appoint them, per-
sons who have no other office than to be public
prosecutors. What is to be the business of
these officers? They are to be as obnoxious
as such an officer always has been in every
other country. They are to be so nearly akin
to the sneak that the one is hardly to be known
from the other. They are to pry about, and
they are to see that this law is executed and
that all lawgivers, all Governors, all judges, all
juries, everybody who has anything to do with
the administration of the State law are pun-
ished if this law be violated. What a compli-
ment is that to the American people ! I thought
if there was any one thing well established here
among our people it was that they themselves
would enforce the due administration of the
criminal laws.
1 believe there is hardly a district attorney
anywhere all over the country who holds him-
self bound to go and pry about and seek of-
fenses in order that he may take them into his
criminal court and have them punished. No,
sir ; ours has been a very different system—a
far more high and dignified oue, and one of
which as an American citizen 1 am proud.
Who by the law has been intrusted with the
duty of inquiring whether offenses are com-
mitted or not in your State, in my State? It
is the grand inquest of the body of the State or
of the county which inquires. It is not the
paid, hired informer, who is to get a fixed sum
if he catches a criminal, but it is the citizens
of the vicinage, drawn, summoned, and sworn
to inquire as to these offenses, and not only
sworn to inquire, but sworn to do what the in-
former is not sworn to do, and that is, to pro-
tect the citizen as well as to punish the crim-
inal. That institution is established by the
Constitution of the United States, and by that
same instrument it is to "remain as hereto-
fore." By the Constitution, the grand jury
and the petit jury are out of the reach even of
Congress itself to alter or to change their con-
stitution ; and yet here it is proposed to substi-
tute in the room and stead of that bulwark of
liberty (and it is the great bulwark for the se-
curity of the citizen) the paid and the hired
informer in order to see that offenses against
this bill are punished.
Mr. President, that, to my mind, is another
atrocity, and deserves no softer name, and it
not only deserves that appellation, but it is an
insult to the intelligence of our people and an
insult to their institutions that they should not
be supposed to know of themselves when the
laws are violated and when one of them has
been offended by an offense against himself,
that he himself is not competent to bring it
before the proper tribunal, but that he should
be aided by a commissioner. And I may say
that if this was intended to aid the black man,
it is a poor compliment to his sagacity and
comes very illy, I think, from those who iu-dst
that ho is now competent to bear a particular
portion of the sovereignty about his person,
and to be the depositary of a particular portion
of political power, or in other words, help us to
vote. If he is to have a commissioner, a kind
of wet-nnrsc to suckle him on into the lawsuits
and to aid him in instituting criminal prosecu-
