304
APPENDIX TO *THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 28,
Ho. of Reps.
Political Questions of the Day—Mr. Miller.
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
the scene of invasion or resistance or disturb-
ance, their position that he had the discretion-
ary and sole power to determine the existence
of the facts which required his intervention
necessarily involved the principle that he was
to decide when the force which his duty required
to be interposed should also be withdrawn.
Wliat is the reason of the thing? Why is
he authorized by the law of Congress to order
out the militia or military force ? It is to
sweep away the obstruction to the due exe-
cution of the laws. When that is removed
all is accomplished which the Constitution or
the law or reason permits to be done. The
normal state of things is restored; obedience
from refractory citizens to the law and their
submission to its due execution are brought
about. Then, of course, the continuance of
the application of military power is to cease.
Would it not be absurd to say that the Presi-
dent has the right under the Constitution and
the law, as decided by the Supreme Court in
these two cases, to precipitate the military
power upon a refractory population for the
simple purpose of enforcing the due execution
of the law, and when that has been achieved
and the law is no longer resisted in its execu-
tion, but is peacefully and quietly submitted to
by the insurgents, that the President has not
the power to say that the cause for the inter-
position of the military power had ceased and
to recall that power?
Mr. President, I will now make this point:
here is the law of Congress vesting the powers
on which I have been remarking, in the Presi-
dent. If Congress were to attempt itself to
execute those powers without a repeal of the
law, or were to pass a law vesting them in some
other officer than the President, and that offi-
cer or Congress were to resist forcibly the
President in the execution of such powers, that
resistance would be treasonable. No power
can rightfully interfere with the President in
the execution of those laws, and if it be made
he would properly remove it by the application
of the necessary force.
Mr. President, each House of Congress is by
the Constitution made the judge of the returns,
elections, and qualifications of its own mem-
bers. The State Legislatures elect Senators to
Congress: and the Senate is made by the Con-
stitution the judge of the elections, returns, and
qualifications of its members. In the exercise
of this power I admit the Senate may inquire
into the fact of an election by a State Legisla-
ture ; but when they have reached that point
they cannot proceed beyond it and inquire into
the regularity of the organization of the Legis-
lature. Has the Senate the right to inquire
and decide whether the members of a Legisla-
ture have been elected? No, sir. When the
Senate, in the matter of judging of the election
of its members, reaches the fact the choice has
been made by the body acting as the State Legis-
lature it can proceed no further, but must rec-
ognize and admit as a Senator the person
chosen by that body, if he present the proper
return. To inquire into the loyalty of the dif-
ferent members of the Legislature, and such
matters, would carry the Senate into an un-
known and shoreless sea, and far beyond the
safe and constitutional power of the Senate.
But, sir, in conclusion, I will state another
point. Gentlemen in the majority dash along
here as though they had the Government and
the world in a sling. They do not occupy any-
thing like as strong a position as they imagine.
I here announce that in ten days from this time
the members of this Senate who are in favor
of the admission of the southern Senators and
the President of the United States could legally
and constitutionally place every one of those
Senators in his seat; and it is a plain and
demonstrable constitutional proposition. The
President is required by the Constitution to
communicate with Congress, and from time to
time give it information of the state of the Union
and recommend such measures as he shall deem
necessary and expedient. Have gentlemen re-
flected what power is imported in those few
short words? The Supreme Court has settled
the principle that where the President is called
upon to sustain the government of a State, by
suppressing domestic violence, he necessarily
has the power himself to ascertain and deter-
mine which is the regular government, where
there are two in conflict. Apply that principle
to the present case. Here is a provision in the
Constitution which requires the President to
communicate to the two Houses of Congress
information as to the state of the Union and to
recommend to them such measures as he shall
deem proper and expedient. What does this
necessarily impose upon him? He has to as-
certain what men compose the two Houses of
Congress. It is his right, it is his constitutional
function, to ascertain who constitute the two
Houses of Congress. The members of the Sen-
ate who are in favor of the admission of the
southern Senators could get into a conclave
with those southern Senators any day, and they
would constitute a majority of the Senate. The
President of the United States has the consti-
tutional option, it is hisfunction, itishis power,
it is his right, and I would advise him to exer-
cise it, to ascertain, where there are two dif-
ferent bodies of men both claiming tS be the
Senate, which is the true Senate. If the south-
ern members and those who are for admitting
them to their seats constitute a majority of the
whole Senate, the President has a right, and
by the Eternal he ought to exercise that right
forthwith, to-morrow, or any day, to recognize
the Opposition in this body and the southern
members, the majority of the whole body, as
the true Senate. And then what would become
of you gentlemen? Oh, if the lion of the Her-
mitage, and that great statesman, the sage of
Ashland, were here in the seat of power, how
soon" would they settle this question ! They
would say to, and they would inspire those to
whom they spoke, "You southern men are kept
out of your seats by violence, by revolution,
against the Constitution, against right; the
Union is dissolved, the Government is brought
to an end by keeping the Senators from eleven
States out of their seats when the Constitution
expressly states that every State shall have two
Senators."
These States have submitted. Has not the
insurrection been suppressed ? What else is
to be done? Was it not suppressed ten months
ago ? Have not rebel armies surrendered ?
Are not their whole population disarmed? At
the bidding of the President have they not put
in their constitutions a clause abolishing sla-
very in their respective States ? Have they not
adopted the amendment to the Constitution of
the United States abolishing slavery through out
the United States? Have they not in addition
repudiated the rebel national debt, if I may
use the term ? What other evidences of sub-
mission could they give? Whatman notdement-
cd by passion, or interest, or some other worse
influence could deny for a single moment that
this insurrection is suppressed ? It is sup-
pressed. Was there ever an insurrection more
effectually suppressed ? Christopher Colum-
bus is not more dead than the late rebellion is
dead. What other evidence can these people
give of their loyalty, of their obedience to the
Constitution and laws ? What terms are they
to submit to ? What other conditions do you
wish to impose upon them?
The Senator from Illinois says nobody wants
to keep them out. They want to get in, and
why in the name of reason, then, are they not
allowed to come in? There is no difficulty at
all if that be the true sentiment here; but it is
not the true sentiment." We all know that it is
not the true sentiment. They are to be treated
as a conquered, subjugated, and enslaved ene-
my. That is not the sense of the Constitution.
It is not^the spirit in which insurrections are
to be put down under its authority. When a
domestic enemy, if you please, to our Govern-
ment and country submits and gives all ev-
idence of submission; not pretexts, not feigned
submission, but deep, honest, and abiding as
the gallant people of the South have ; when
they have surrendered every soldier they had
in the field and have no longer a bayonet, or
lance to Qppose the authority of the United
States; when they have submitted to be dis-
armed, and there are not arms enough for a
battalion in the southern States ; -vhen they
are accepting first one humiliating condition
suggested by the President, and then another,
and then another, and are asking all- the time
for a restoration to their proper relations to
the Government of the United States, why are
they still refused? They are loyal. They are
more loyal than those who keep them out of
their rights. I would sooner trust them to-day
as the true and devoted friendsof our country
and Government than the men who trample
upon the Constitution still further to oppress
them.
You cannot keep them out always, Senators.
The time will come when there will be a recoil
and a terrible recoil. This country is becom-
ing impatient, indignant, and outraged by this
paltering with the liberties of the southern
people and with the fundamental principles
of our Constitution. Whenever the President
chooses to grasp the remedy it is at his hand.
Mr. CONNESS. May I interrupt the Sen-
ator ?
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir. When I get through
I will answer every question the honorable
Senator may propound.
There is no plainer principle of constitu-
tional law than that the President has the
right to ascertain and decide what body of
men is the Senate and what the House of llep-
resentatives when there are two bodies of men
claiming to be each. He is to communicate
with the two Houses of Congress. Before he
can communicate he must ascertain what men
constitute the Senate and what men constitute
the House. It is his right to do so, and the
people of America will sustain him in the noble
and manly and patriotic performance of his
duty in determining the identity of the true
House. It ought to have been done at the
beginning of this session. When a petty clerk
took-upon himself to read the list of the Rep-
resentatives of the people of the United States,
and to keep the Representatives of eleven Stales
out of their seats, the Constitution guaranty
ing to them those seats for the benefit of their
constituents and country, that subordinate
never ought to have been tolerated for one
day in the perpetration of so great an outrage.
Whenever Andrew Johnson chooses to exer-
cise his high function, his constitutional right
of saying to the southern Senators, " Get to-
gether with the Democrats and the Conser-
vatives of the Senate, and if you constitute a
majority I will recognize you as the Senate of
the United States." whatthen will become of
you gentlemen? You will quietly come in and
form a part of that Senate.
Political Questions of the Day.
SPEECH OF HON. GEORGE F. MILLER,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In the House of Representatives,
July 28, 1866,
On the general political questions of the day.
Mr. MILLER. Mr. Speaker, when the present
Congress assembled on the 4th day of December
last, among the many important national ques-
tions presented, one was whether the eleven
States lately in rebellion were in a proper condi-
tion to send Representatives to Congress; and
in order to have that question fully investigated
a concurrent resolution was adopted on the
13th day of December, 1865, by the two Houses
as follows:
"Mesofoed by the Houseof Represent ative/tXthe Senate
concurring,) That a joint committee of fifteen mem-
