1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
17
tions when he himself is offended, I should
think, when he is declared to be a citizen of
the United Slates, it is no wonder thallearned
gentlemen quarrel as to exactly what that term
means and how much is intended to be con-
ferred upon him by means of it. That is not
just to the negro himself. We have a great
many of them in my State, and when an assault
and battery is committed upon one he under-
stands exactly how to resent it as well as any
white man there. If Jiis property is taken from
him, he seeks the ordinary channels to recover
it, just as his neighbor. There is no necessity
whatever that you should exhaust the Treasury
and overload the people with office-holders in
order to procure for him the vindication of
these rights, if he is ever to have them.
Mr. President, 1 have nothing to say in reply
to the argument of the honorable Senator from
Illinois as against the veto. Indeed, L have not
heard any argument. It is true lie says the
President has been guilty of a great many in-
consistencies; that he once made a speech
against a veto that was sent here upon one of
his favorite measures, and he has read a por-
tion of that speech. lie has told us, too, that
the President has exercised, as he thinks, a
great manypoweis not warranted by the Con-
stitution and the laws, aud has been generally
guilty of diners inconsistencies. Well, sup-
pose we should grant all lhat, what has it got
to do with this case ? A hit is not an argument.
To raise a laugh is not always the highest effort
of reason. To show thatyoui antagonist upon
a former occasion has been guilly of some im-
propriety of conduct is not defending your-
self. The aflinna'iive of this proposition is
with the defenders and advocates of this bill.
It is for them, in the first place, to show that it
is such a bill as we have power to pass, and
Second, that it is one which it would be expe-
dient and politic for us to pass. Nothing but
showing that clearly and conclusively will op-
erate to overthrow the arguments of the veto
message. There they stand, calm, cool, clear,
temperate, neither crimination nor recrimina-
tion m itand to overthrow, to gainsay it suc-
cessfully, it is necessary to show, as I have just
this moment said, that this bill is constitutional,
and not only that it is constitutional, but that
it would be wise and politic on our part to enact
it and make it a law.
Mr. STEWAUT. Mr. President, 1 voted for
this bill, aud have seen no good reason why 1
should change my opinion ; I shall therefore
vote for it again. Although I am a strong advo-
cate for local government, and extremely anx-
ious that these matters should be attended to by
the States as early as practicable, still i believe
that it was the intention of those who amended
the Constitution, as plainly indicated by that
amendment, to give the power to the General
Govermuentto pass any necessary lav/ to secure
to the freedmen personal liberty. 1 believe
that was the intention. 1 believe thai is within
thoTegitimate scope of legislation. I believe
that power is in the General Government. I
do not believe there is any constitutional argu-
ment against it that is worthy of serious con-
sideration. I fully concur with the opponents
of the bill that it would be much more desira-
ble that the States should do it themselves;
and I am anxious that propositions should be
held oat whereby they may do it, and perhaps
it would have been well if we had done that in
the first instance ; but when I reflect how very
easy it is for the States to avoid the operation
of this bill, how very little they have to do to
avoid the operation of the bill entirely, I think
that it is robbed of its coercive features, and
I think no one has any reason to complain
because Congress has exercised a power which
it must be conceded it has, when it has exer-
cised it in a manner which leaves it so easy for
the States to avoid the operation of this bill.
If passed to-day, it has no operation in the
Stale of Georsia: it is impossible to commit
a crime under "this bill in the State of Georgia;
and the other States can place themselves in
the same position so easily that I do not believe
they ought to complain.
That we have this power, and that we ought
and must exercise it if the States will not do
justice to the freedmen, I think every fair-
minded man must admit, and that was the in-
tention in framing the amendment of the Con-
stitution.
Now, if I can have attention for one mo-
ment, I can show that the bill has no operation
in the State of Georgia, and that every south-
ern State can relieve itself from this bill by
doing a simple act of justice. The second
section of this bill declares what shall be
offenses under it. It reads as follows:
That any person who, under eolor of any law,
statute, ordinance, regulation, or custom, shall sub-
ject, or cause to bo subjected, any inhabitant of any
State or Territory to tllo deprivation of any rinht
secured or protected by this act, or to different pun-
ishment, pains, or penalties oil account of such per-
son bavin;; at uny timo been lield in a condition of
slavery or involuntary servitude, cxcept ns a pun-
ishment for crimo whereof the party slutllhavebden
duly convicted, or by reason of his color or race, than
is pi escribed for tlio punishment of white persons,
shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and, on
conviction, shall i>e punished by ime not exceedinc
61.000, or impi isoniaent not exceeding one year, or
both, in the discretion ot' the court.
lie must do it under the color of a law. If
there is no law or custom in existence in a
State authorizing it, it will bo impossible for
him to do it under color of any law. This sec-
tion is simply to remove the disabilities exist-
ing by laws tending to reduce the negro to a
system of peonage. It strikes at that; nothing
else. It strikes at the renewal of any attempt
to make those whom we have attempted to
make free slaves or peons. That is the whole
scone of the law. Now, if you listen to the act
of Georgia you will see that they can have no
law there under the color of which an offense
of this kind can bo committed. The second
section of the act of the Slate of Georgia is
precisely similar to the first section of the civil
rights bill, taken from it almost in the precise
language:
" Sec. 2. Jin it further enacted, That persons of color
shall hav e the ri^ht to make and enforce contracts,
lo sue, be sued, to lie parties, and ecivo evidence, to
inherit, to purchase, and to have full and equal ben-
elitot a 11 taws and proceedings for the security of per-
son and estate, and shall not bo subjected lo any other
or different punishment, pain, or penalty for the com-
mission of any act or oftenso than such as are pre-
scribed tor white persons committing liko acts or
otlenses."
And the third section repeals all laws in con-
flict with this second section. _ Then 1 submit
that there is no law or custom in force in Geor-
gia under the color of' which a crime against
this bill can be com mi tied ; and if all the south-
ern States will follow this noble example, this
civil rights bill, which strikes at peonage
another form of slavery, will be simply a nul-
lity, because it will not exist. When peonage
in all its forms (which is a twin relic of sla-
very, a part of it) is abolished, as in Georgia,
your bill has no operation. J t being so easily
avoided by being complied with, by doing a
simple act of justice, by carrying out the spirit
of the constitutional amendment, 1 cannot give
my consent to defeat ubill the purpose of which
is good, the operation of which is so innocent
and may be so easily avoided. I shall therefore
gi\e my vote for the bill.
Mr. DAVIS obtained the floor.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator from
Kentucky will yield to me, I propose to Sen-
( atoisthal we agree upon some hour to-morrow
| for taking the vote. I will say that the son of
| the Senator from New Jersey, [Mr. Wbiout,]
| who is attending upon him, has dropped a note
I to the Senator from Delaware [Mr. Kiddle]
j that he will come out this evening to vote, but
i that it is so late in the evening that he ought
S not to come. On that slate of facts, 1 suggest
I that we agree upon an hour to-morrow for the
i vote.
j Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know that I
! heard the Senator. What is the proposition?
I Mr. HENDRICKS. The proposition is that
1 we agree upon an hour to-morrow for taking
the votes, say two or three o'clock.
! Mr. TRUMBULL. Can we not vote to-
j night?
i Mr. HENDRICKS. The difficulty is thL,:
the Senator from Delaware sent to ascertain
the condition of the Senator from New Jersey j
his son, who is waiting upon him, replies that
he is now asleep, that he will come, out any
time we notify him, but that he ought not to
come out so late in the evening. There is no
desire, I will say, on the part of Senators on
this side of the House to postpone this bill
for any purpose except jnst to get the vote.
We do not desire any protracted debate, but
we are not in a condition to have a vote to-
night without' asking a Senator to come out
who ought not to come out; and I hate to ask
it of him. I am sure the majority would hate
to ask him that. I would not ask it of any
Senator.
Several Senators. Name an hour.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will suggest four
o'clock to-morrow, or even earlier if Senators
prefer it, three o' clock. There will be no ques-
tion about taking the vole at lhat time. I do
not propose by this suggestion to stop debate
now, but simply that we now have an under-
standing so that we shall not think of asking a '
Senator to come out at night whoso health
would bo endangered by it.
Mr. GUTIIR1E. I would suggest to Sen-
ators that every principle of courtesy to a gen-
tleman who is sick, every principle of human-
ity, and every principle of respect to the Senate
of the United States, makes it proper that we
should fix some hour to-morrow that is agree-
able to the gentlemen who are urging this meas-
ure at which the vote may be taken. It is
usual in deliberative bodies, or at least in such
bodies as I have been accustomed to, when a
vote of this kind is to be taken, inwhichall feel
great interest, to fix an hour so that every op-
portunity may be given to each side to bring
up their men. It may very often happen that
we want indulgence ourselves.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Will the
Senator suspend his remarks. The disturb-
ance on the floor makes it entirely impossible
for the public business to proceed. The Chair
must appeal to Senators lo preserve order.
[Applause.] The Senator from Kentucky will
procccd.
Mr. GUTIIRIE. I have said nearly every-
thing that, I wanted to say. I should regret if
the Senate should refuse to fix an hour—I
should deeply regret it, because 1 think it would
be an evidence of a want of courtesy.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from Ken-
tucky will allow me, I will say that 1 think the
Senate will agree on this sid'e of it to take a
vote to-night at half past five o'clock.
Mr. GUTHRIE. But. we have now ascer-
tained that we cannot get these gentlemen in
by that time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Tt was proposed awhile
ago on the other side to fix that hour. Now,
if i t is to bo the same thing to-morrow, when the
named hour comes, that you cannot get them
here, what are v/e to do? An hour or two ago,
it was proposed to take the vote at live o'clock
or half past live.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will say for myself—
and if there is any Senator on this side who
dissents from it of course he will speak—that
if they arc not able to come up at the hour
fixed to-morrow, there will be no delay asked
upon their account,.
Mr. GUTIIRIE. None on this side of the
House.
Mr. J OIIXSON. The vote will be had.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I myself am willing to
have the time fixed for voting under these cir-
cumstances at some hour to-morrow. I hope
our friends will asree to it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Whatever hour yon fix.
I would rather say four o'clock, as the Senator
from California [Mr. McDougall] wishes to
make some remarks.
Mr. TR UMBULL. I shall not myself object
to fixing it at four o'clock to-morrow
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, if this was a
question in the ordinary course of legislation,
1 certainly would not object to the proposition
which the gentlemen on the other tide make;
but 1 view it as one of the greatest and most fun-
