m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
I have failed to be convinced by anything said
by tlie gentleman from New York that there
is any necessity, now that the war has closed,
in \>lie present "state of the Treasury, to make
tills vast appropriation. And. sir, I shall move,
if no one else does, item by item, that they be
stricken out so far as regards the New York
riavy-yard.
Now, one word in reply to the gentleman from
Iowa, [Mr. Kassox.] He said that by striking
put these items, one by one, a combination may
bo formed so as to pass them in the House. I
am willing to leave it to the House; I am
willing to leave it to gentlemen of the House
to form combinations to vote in these appro-
priations if they desire to do so. For one. I
am against them, both here and in the House.
Mr. CHANLER. Mr. Chairman, I am sure
tihe gentleman who lias just taken his seat will
■not "accuse the members on this side of the
House of any combination 111 reference to the
passing of appropriations contained in this bill,
as Che distribution of patronage is entirely in
the hands of his own party. But, sir, there
are questions which touch the interests, not
only of that side of the'House. but receive the
approval of members on this side. Of these
there, is none more vital to the prosperity of
tlie country than the strength and glory of your
Navy. One of the great sources of wealth is
the merchant marine which is protected by the
Navy; and for the keeping up of that naval es-
tablishment the appropriations here set forth
are absolutely necessary.
The gentleman asks for arguments on the
necessity of this measure. 1 do not think the
history of this war 1ms had that effect on the
fentlemail's mind which it ought to have had.
Ie is eternally bringing in resolutions in favor
of some general or oilier.
But when appropriations arc asked for the
Navy, which did such splendid service, the
gentleman opposes them. He praises generals,
and is ready to vote for any appropriation that
may bo asked for the military establishment.,
but when appropriations are asked tor the Navy
and for those who labor for the profit and honor
of the country in our various navy-yards, he
raises his stentorian voice and attempts to roar
them down. Why, sir, the navy-yards and
machine shops of this country have to compete
successfully with those of our great commercial
rival. The gentleman in his hot basic seems
to have forgotten that important fact; audit
would seem also to be necessary to enlighten
his mind by the repetition of the important truth
that we should always make preparation in time
of peace for any possible occasion of war.
Now, Mr. Speaker, one of the great requisites
of the Navy and of the merchant, marine in this
country, is to have machine shows for the pur-
pose of'producing the most capable machinery
to compete upon the high seas with the steam
marine of any other nation. We are behind the
world to-day on this question of building steam
engines. Whenever we build a great steam-
engine, it is ut great cost to ourselves in the
original outlay; and it is only in the shops of
the Government we can compete at all with t he
Clyde steamers which are built abroad. It is
known to everybody that Great Britain by her
subsidies to lines of steamers in every part of
the world, and by the immense amount of cap-
ital which is invested in the machine shops
of Scotland, lends eveiy aid to liei mercantile
marine. But tlie gentleman in his exclusive
preferences for military commanders seems
entirely to forget the Navy, and specially vents
his indignation against that important body of
laborers who are employed in our several navy-
yards. lie would deprive them of these appro-
priations, and of the means which are necessary
lor their support. There is a large number of
apprentices in the navy-yards, who are employed
directly at the public expense. They are brought
up in these machine shops, and are educated so
as to enable them to assist the country in se-
curing that success which we all must, desire
in competing with the great nations of Europe,
as well as with the great capitalists who are
engaged in ship-building.
But we are told that it is necessary to strike
those appropriations out so as to economize the
expenditures of the Government. In view of
the schemes which have been offered,on the
other side during this session, this seems to be
a very strange argument to be advanced by
them. Why should we cripple the Navy by
refusing these appropriations when we have
measures not only for the appropriation of enor-
mous suras of money but for the distribution of
the public domain for every purpose under
heaven? Why, sir, we have had this morning
a bill before us distributing fifty million acres
of the public land. Where, then, was the wrath
of this Achilles? Why, sir, he was behind the
ships of Greece, I suppose, in order to let the
Trojans win.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. W ASHBU KM E, of Illinois, withdrew his
amendment.
Mr. IlICE, of .Massachusetts. I move to
strike out the last three words.
Mr. Chairman, it is true, as the gentleman
has said, the war being over, expenses here-
tofore incurred by the Navy may now be dis-
pensed with. 1 had the honor to state to the
House a few days ago, when speaking upon
this bill, that according to my recollection the
appropriations were Splo0,000,000 for last year,
and that the estimates of the Department were
for $'23,000,000, and not Sl'23.000,000 as I was
made, to say; that from that comparatively
small appropriation of $123,000,000 the Com-
mittee on Appropriations deducted about five
or six millions, leaving seventeen or eighteen
millions as the amount in this bill. I quite
•agree with gentlemen that this is not the time
to commence extensive works, but do not re-
member it has been advocated at any time to
be expedient, and advisable that the Govern-
ment should abandon workaawhieh have already
been commenced and are in a partial state of
construction.
Audi desire to call attention to the fact that
the items, as far as I have looked at them on
page 7 of this bill, arc for works that are still
in progress at the navy-yard in New York.
This bill is not in my charge, but 1 have taken
pains to examine these items, and as I said
when I was on the tloor before, the appropria-
tion asked for for this machine shop is to cany
on and complete a building that has already
been authorized, and for which an appropriation
has been made. The same is true also of the
next item; also for the third and fourth; also
for the quay-wall.
Now, it is for the committee, to consider at
this time whether they will leavethese buildings
in an unfinished condition and abandon the
work altogether in these yards, or whether they
will go on and complete the work which has
already been authorized, and upon which large
; sums of money have already been expended.
These works were commcnced, I am reminded,
; during the war. That is entirely true. But
now by the recurrence of peace we do not
I abandon our Navy nor our naval establishments.
; 'These works were projecied at a time when
t nearly all the private establishments of the
| country were in requisition to provide material
; for the Navy, and they were designed to be no
■ larger than should be necessary after the return
j of peace. They are projected and established
j upon the basis of a peace establishment., and
, now if the Cougi ess of the United States shall
say that it is not expedient to Lave larger facil-
ities for repairing "essels, when we have got two
or three times the number that we had then,
let them say so.
Mr. WASHBCRNB, of Illinois. I would
inquire of the gentleman how much has really
been expended on these improvements v.-hen
we were in war, and how much we would want.
Of course the chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs knows. I see an additional ap-
propriation of .S5S7,000.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I will say that
i this bill conies not from the Committee oil Naval
; Affairs, and is not in their charge. It comes
I from tli'e committee authorized by the House,
! and by this House charged with the duty of exam-
ining the estimates that are sent in here by the
Treasury Department, and of reporting upon
those estimates, such as they think are well sus-
tained, and rejecting those which they think are
not well sustained. Now, sir, I desire to say
that it will puzzle the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Washbttbne] or anybody else to carry in
his head for three or four years the amount of
money that has been expended in building or
any other work for which appropriations have
been repeatedly made. I have no desire to
occupy the time of the committee. I will only
ask permission to send to the Chair the report
of the Secretary of the Navy.
The CHAIRMAN'. The gentleman is speak-
ing in the time of the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. PIKE. How much is this building to
cost?
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. Two hundred
and ninety-eight thousand six hundred and
twelve dollars.
Mr. PIKE. What is the aggregate appropri-
ation?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I figure it
up $587,000.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on this amend-
ment is exhausted.
Mr. KASSON. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw liis amendment, and I will renew it.
The amendment was accordingly withdrawn.
Mr. KASSON. We have been for two or
three years making appropriations for this iden-
tical machine shop and iron-plating shop. The
works are in progress, they are nearly com-
pleted, and it will be found by looking a little
further down this bill that there is an appro-
priation for machinery in this very building
that, this appropriation proposes to complete.
Now, why will gentlemen, on general declara-
tions, propose to have these uncompleted works
to goto ruin? That is the simple question.
We last year find an estimate of §150,000 for
the continuation of these works. This year it
is proposed to appropriate an amount for their
completion, putting the machinery in, and mak-
ing them effective. The appropriation of last
year was for all the purposes of the New York
navy-yard. The appropriation this year is for
the completion—although that language is not
used—of the work on the machine shop, be-
cause you find below an appropriation also to
put the machinery in.
With this simple explanation of facts I have
discharged my duty as a member of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and I leave it to the
Committee of the Whole to say whether they
will abandon a work nearly completed or con-
tinue it. I withdraw my amendment.
Jlr. RAYMOND. I renew the amendment.
I do it for the purposeof saying that these sums
seem very large, and it. is always somethingthat
every one likes to do to get rid of large appro-
priations if possible, but I take it that gentle-
men here must be aware that large undertak-
ings require large expenses. It is for the Iloase
to decide, not whether it is worth while to un-
dertake works, but whether it shall appropriate
money for works already undertaken.
I desire simply to read from the report of
the Secretary of the Navy what is there said
upon the three first items under this head, and
with that, furnishing the only explanation I think
the committee will require, I wiil leave the
subject.
With regard to the machine shop and other
buildings for which an appropriation is asked,
the Secretary says:
"Machine shop, main, hvildinr/.—A partial appro-
priation was made lor this buiklinsr, and the work
commenced; but the experience of the pa«t four years
has demonstrated that the buiklinsr as first proposed
would not be of sufficient mo to meet the wantrf of
the yard. The planh have therefore been revised and
the building enlarged, and. consequently, the expense
increased. To meet this increase and complete tho
building, the sum now estimated will be required.
"Boiler nhop.—This building is much needed, tho
pre>ent shop being entirely too small for i be work re-
quired. It is proposed to build a large boiler shop in
connection with the mnohino shop, and this item is
considered one of much importance.
" L-oii-fjlatino ■shop.— A small appropriation was
made for this building, but, owing- to the immense in-
crease in the cost of material? and labor, it was&>und
impossible to crcct a proper building for the money.
