2746
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
attempt to place it indiscriminately you do
injustice. Everyman whogoesinto themining
region, and risks his means and his life, does
so because he hopes to be able to strike some-
thing rich, like those mines which are paying
dividends. If you can fix this tax so that it
will fall on the net proceeds, I have no objec-
tion, even if you make it fifty per cent.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELLEY. I oppose the amendment
of the gentleman from California. I invite
the attention of the House especially to this
clause:
Ko jeweler, worker, or artificer in gold or silver
shall use either of those metals except it shall have
first been stamped as aforesaid, as required by this
act.
The amount of tax received by the Gov-
ernment from the branehes of business in-
volved in this provision would bo but a small
percentage of the whole tax imposed. In-
deed, it would be almost inapplicable as to the
amount involved to the artificer. I know by
experience, Mr. Chairman. For twelve years,
each day of my life, when in health, was given
to labor in one of chose branches of business.
Jewelers, especially in the smaller shops, melt
but a few ounces of gold, sometimes but a'few
pennyweights, and to force them -to have a
mint stamp put upon each melting before they
can use it, would be the destruction of most
of the shops in our larger cities. It would give
to the Government no compensation for the
amount of industry it would impair. Fashions
of jewels change. People will carry their
jewelry to an establishment and have it trans-
formed from the fashion which is passing away
to that which is coming in vogue. A small
worker has but little capital. He looks to the
stock provided by the old goods, with a small
addition, and if after having melted it, lie must
carry it or send it to the mint to be stamped and
taxed before he can work it up, he will be taxed
inordinately and fruitlessly. It may not liave
been the intention of the committee to em-
biace such cases, but the phraseology of the
bill clearly has that effect, and I hope it will
be stricken out. That is the understanding,
I find, of all the gentlemen to whom I have
spoken. And %vhen gentlemen remember how
the Departments have construed the law; when
they remember how the mantua-maker, the
widow, perhaps, of a soldier supporting her
children, has found that she must abandon her
business because the material she used was
taxed, as well as her labor, while an un-
married woman, who could go from home to
work, escaped taxation, they will see that this
will be the effect, and that all our small work-
ing jewelers, all the men who are struggling
up to become employers of the little capital
they may have accumulated, as well as their
own skill, will be taxed by this; and I ask
either that the language of the clause be so
clearly modified that no such construction can
be put upon it or to strike out a clause calcu-
lated to impede the industry of the country.
Mr. BIDWELL. I withdraw the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. I renew the amendment
for the purpose of saying that the provision as
it now is, I believe, will stand the test of criti-
cism. I am satisfied that the gentleman from
Pennsy lvania has no t fully considered the entire
paragraph. This tax is to be levied upon and
paid by the assayer and not by the miner,
and then the language is, that "110 jeweler,
worker, or artificer in gold or silver shall use
either of those metals except it shall first have
been stamped as aforesaid, as required by this
act," &c.
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman will observe
that the language is "shall use either of these
metals."
Mr. MORRILL. Yes; but go on; " ex-
cept it shall first have been stamped as afore-
said."
Mr. KELLEY. Yes.
Mr. MORIULL. That refers back to the
tax paid by the assayer "who shall stamp the
product of the assay as the Commissioner of
Internal Eevenue, under the direction of the
Secretary of the Treasury, may prescribe by
general regulations."
Mr. KELLEY. All I ask is that the phrase-
ology shall be so guarded as not to be suscep-
tible of this construction.
Mr. MORRILL. Unless you allow the pro-
vision to stand as it is, of course these bars
unstamped might be used to any extent.
Mr. BIDWELL. This clause provides that
"no person or corporation shall take, trans-
port, or cause to be transported, export or
cause to be exported from the United States,
any gold or silver in its natural state, uncoined
or unassayed, and unstamped, as aforesaid,"
&c. I would ask the gentleman if that would
not apply to the persons who take the gold or
silver out of the mine and take it to market.
Mr. MORRILL. That provision refers
merely to exportations from the United States.
I withdraw the amendment to the amendment.
The question was taken on Mr. Davis's
amendment, and it was disagreed to.
■ Mr. KELLEY. I move to insert after line
twenty-one hundred and ninety the following:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall
apply to the reworking of old gold or silver not in
lump, ingot, or bar as aforesaid.
Mr. MORRILL. Although I consider it a
matter of infinitesimal consequence, I do not
object to the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. In lines twenty-one hun-
dred and eighty-five and twenty-one hundred
and eighty-six I move to strike out the words
"transport or cause to be transported."
Mr. MORRILL. I have no objection to
that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. In lines
twenty-one hundred and eighty-seven and
twenty-one hundred and eighty-eight I move
to strike out the words "uncoined or unas-
sayed or unstamped" and to insert in lieu
thereof the words "notcoined nor assayed nor
stamped.''
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk then read as follows:
On snuff, manufactured of tobacco or any substi-
tute for tobacco, ground, dry, or damp, pickled,
scentcd, or otherwise, of all descriptions, when pre-
pared for use or sale, a tax of forty cents per pound.
Mr. PRICE. I move to amend that clause
by striking out "forty" and inserting " fifty"
in lieu thereof, so as to make the tax fifty cents
per pound. I offer that amendment for the
reason that it has been suggested to me that
this dampening or pickling is done with the
cheap wines that we talked about yesterday ;
and if that bo the case, then it may very readily
pay a tax of fifty cents per pound. " I know
nothing of the quality of the tobacco out of
which snuff is manufactured. But if it be
dampened or pickled by the manufactured
wines, about which we heard so much yester-
day, then I propose"to put this additional tax
upon it. And as an additional reason for my
amendment I ask the Clerk to read the extract
which I send to his desk.
The Clerk read as follows :
"Drunkenness and Debauchery in France.—
We have been aceustomedto think that, through the
cheapness of light wine, the mechanics and agricul-
turists of Frnncewere free from tfiecoarser and lower
forms of drunkenness. But poor brandies arc cheaper
than poorwines; and such is the degradation of much
of the French rural and manufacturing population
that they resort to the former for exhilaration and for-
getfulness. Here is a sad picture of debasement and
debauchery, terribly suggestive of the effects of igno-
rance and poverty in dwarfing tho race and belittling
nations:
" Even in France there are towns where women
rival men in the habits of intoxication. At Lille, at
Ronen, there arc some so saturated with it that their
j infants refuse to take the breast of a sober woman.
In the mountains of the Vosges, infants drink eau-
de-vie. On Sunday, in the ehurchcs, the air is liter-
allyinfected with the smell of eau-de-vie madefrom
potatoes. Ii> those mountains there are no more
frequent causes of idiocy and imbecility, for in gen-
eral tho dwellings are healthy and tho water is ex-
cellent. The great misfortune is that, the children
of habitual drunkards are idiots, so that the punish-
ment follows from generation to generation, from
thcguilf> s .nd degraded father to the inno'-ent chil-
dren. In the manufacturing towns the mayors are
obliged to take measures against the cabarets that
'supply eau-de-vie to children, for there are drunkards
of fifteen as there are laborers of eight; and mor-
ally and physically tho.v present a melancholy spec-
taclc. No one can believe, no ono will venture to
say, that the wretched people who haunt the public
houses to ruin and to poison themselves have any
excuse for so doing/'
During the reading of tho paragraph,
Mr. ANCONA said: I rise to a point of
order, that the extract now being read is not
pertinent to the amendment now pending.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The Clerk will proceed with
the reading.
The Clerk concluded the reading of the par-
agraph as above.
Mr. PRICE. That is a picture of the coun-
try where they have cheap wines.
Mr. HIGBY. What kind of wine do they
make from potatoes? [Laughter.]
Mr. PRICE. I was referring to the cheap-
wino country.
Mr. KELLEY. I do not know what is th®
authority for the extract which has just been
read; but I do know that it is very unreliable.
I do not believe that my friend from Iowa
[Mr. Price] ever wrote it; I do not think he
would commit himself so far. Let him turn
to Kay;s work upon the laboring classes of
Europe, and he will find there the most elabo-
rate contradiction of the cardinal points of the
statement that has just been read, and the most
ample verification of my theory on yesterday,
that where the cheap acid wines prevail there
is an almost entire absence of intemperance,
inebriety, and all those excesses that mark the
life of the British laboring population and
which too often mark the life of our America!}
laboring population.
Mr. STEVENS. I would ask my colleague
[Mr. Kelley] what effect it has upon snuff.
[Laughter. ]
Mr. KELLEY. I am not responsible for
introducing the subject in this connection.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 only want to know.
Mx-. KELLEY. I have heard somewhere
that there is an affinity between the use of to-
bacco and the use of strong drinks. But I do
not know that there is any affinity between the
use of tobacco and the use of sour wines.
Mr. GARFIELD. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] suggests there is
not a very obvious connection between this
debate on wine and the section before the
House, which relates wholly to snuff.
The late Dr. Hitchcock, of Amherst College,
in his little book entitled "A Zoological Tem-
perance Convention," makes one of his ani-
mals say that wine and tobacco are intimately
connected philologically. Bacchus was god
of wine ; and when you pafes to the third case
in the declension of his Grecian name you
reach the weed under discussion, namely "Ho
Bacchos," " Tou Bacchou," " To Baccho''—
Anglic<5 tobacco.
Mr. KELLEY. If I wanted to establish the
charge of aristocracy against any portion of
my countrymen, I could not do it more thor-
oughly in the minds of the aristocratic classes
of Europe than by arranging our taxes and so
controlling our imports as to keep from the
poor these wines, the use of which is so pro-
motive of temperance and health, and confine
the use of them to the wealthy classes.
Mr. PRICE. I move to amend my amend-
ment so as to make it forty-five cents instead
of fifty cents. I do this for the purpose of say-
ing to the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Kelley] that he probably would believe Hor-
ace Greeley upon this subject quite as much
as he would the author he has referred to as
authority. And I am authorized to say, and no
gentleman who understands the question will
dispute it, that Horace Greeley indorses the
statement the Clerk has read from the desk in
reference to the prevalence of drunkenness in
countries where cheap wines abound. It is tha
almost universal testimony of those who have
investigated this matter that the use of cheap
wines in any country is productive of anything
else than temperance and morality. And that
