1786
THE CONGRESSIONAL "GLOBE.
April 5,
damental questions thai lias ever come before
this body for settlement, and I look upon it as
having bearings altogether beyond the ques-
tion on this bill. The bill is undoubtedly a
very good one. There is no constitutional ob-
jection to it; there has been no objection to it
raised that creates a doubt in the mind of any
mortal man ; but nevertheless we are at issue
with the President of the United States upon
a question peculiarly our own. The President
of the United States has no more power under
the Constitution to interpose his authority here
to prescribe the principle upon which these
States should be admitted to this Union than
any man of this body has out of it. The Con-
stitution makes him the executive of the laws
that we make, and there it leaves him; and
what is our condition? We who are to juJge
of the forms of government under which States
shall exist, wo who are the only power that is
charged with this great question, are to be some-
how or other wheedled 0'it of it by the Pres-
ident by reason of I he authority that he sets up.
Sir, we cannot abandon it unless we yield to
a principle that will unhinge and unsettle the
balances of the Constitution itself. If the
President of the United Stales can interpose
his authority upon a question of this character,
and can compel Congress to succumb to his
dictation, lie is an emperor, a despot, and not
a President of the United States. Because I
believe the great que&tiou of cougre>sional
power and authority is at stake here, I yield to
no importunities of the other side. J feel my-
self justified in taking every advantage which
the Almighty has put into my hands to defend
the power and authority of this body, of which
1 claim to be a part; I will not yield to these
appeals of comity on a question like this ; but
I will tell the President and everybody else,
that if God Almighty has stricken one member
so that lie cannot, be here to uphold the dicta-
tion of a despot, I thank Him for His interpo-
sition, and I will take advantage of it if I can.
[Manifestations of applause in the galleries.]
The PRESIDENT jwo tempore. Order will
be observed in the galleries, or they will be
cleared.
Mr. W ADE. I am very frank to say that when
gentlemen tell us that if we persist here with all
the physical power the Almighty has put into
our hands we may probably prevail, it is not
an argument against my staying here, standing
by the Constitution, standing by these powers
that the Constitution has armed me with, and
which I have no right or authority to give up.
No Senator on this floor has any right to sur-
render the authority with which we are clothed.
The moment a President can rise and interpose
his interference with a question purely con-
gressional and legislative, your Constitution is
not worth the paper upon which it is written.
That is the reason that I urge, and beg of my
friends on this floor to take every advantage
that the Almighty has put into your hands to
maintain, uphold, and sustain that Constitution
that we 1 lave sworn we will support.
Sir, a little physical inconvenience here will
not lead me to surrender that power which the
Constitution has armed me with ; and the peo-
ple of the State that I represent would look
upon me with scorn and contempt, if f should
surrender it on questions like this.
What are these States that the President
wishes to get in hero? It is suggested to me
that this question has nothing to "do with that.
I say this bill does have something to do even
with that. The issue the President has made
with Congress, the quarrel he has picked with
Congress from the very commencement, is
nothing more or less than on the question of
recognizing and permitting rebels to occupy
their old places on this floor for the utter
destruction of the Government in my judg-
ment and belief. What power has he to do
it? What is the condition of these States
that lie says shall be represented here? Do
you know anything of their constitutions?
Were they made by the people of those States,
or are they mere creatures of military power,
made over the heads of the people who have
never asked you yet to recognize a single one
of them? No, sir, the people of these States,
with the exception of one single State, have
never had the light, have never had the oppor-
tunity to pass upon the constitutions that you
are asked to admit here as legitimate. They
were not submitted to the people, but it was
dictated from the Executive Mansion what
provisions they should contain.
I argued this matter all over, last year, in the
case of the application of Louisiana, and my
mind has not changed upon the subject. It is
not a presidential question. I argued then as
zealously against Mr. Lincoln's interposition as
I do now against Mr. Johnson's interposition.
I care not who your President may be, he is
not to be a despot, and it is time that the Amer-
ican people should know and feel that no one
man made this great Government of ours, and,
thank God, no one man can destroy it. Sir,
if there is any one question about v.-hich the
American people arc unanimous, it is against,
this one-man power—these monarchical at-
tempts of your Presidents to beat down every
other department of the Government and set
up their own will as supreme over all. Sir, it
will not be done, with my consent, on this floor-
by any compromise, by any concession, and not
even by the plea of comity that is now paraded
before us. For one I am willing to stay here
all night and all day to-morrow, and as long as
my physical powers can hold out, in order to
vindicate the great principle of constitutional
law that I am intrusted with by the people whom
I represent; and nothing shall take it out of
my hands except it is the power of majorities
here. Never, with my consent, will I yield it.
Mr. MeDOUGALL. Mr. President, the
Senator from Ohio is in the habit of appealing
to his God in vindication of his judgment and
conduct; it is a common thing for him to do
so ; but in view of the present demonstration,
it, may well be asked who and what is his God.
In the old Persian mythology there was an
Ormuzd and an Ahriman—a god of light and
beauty , and a god of darkness and death. The
god of light sent the sun to shine and gen-
tle showers to fructify the fields; the god of
darkness sent the tornado and the tempest and
the thunder scathing with pestilence the na-
tions. And in old Chaldean times men came
to worship Ahriman, the god of darkness, the
god of pestilence and famine ; and his priests
became multitudinous, they swarmed the land,
and when men prayed then their offerings were,
II We will not sow a field of grain, we will not
dig a well, we will not plant a tree." These
were the offerings to the dark spirit of evil
until a prophet came who redeemed that an-
cient land ; but he did it after crucifixion, like
our great Master.
The followers of Ahriman always appealed
to the same spirit manifested by the Senator
from Ohio. Death is to be one of his angels
now to redeem the Constitution and the laws
and to establish liberty. Sickness, suffering,
evil, are to be his angels ; and he thanks the
Almighty, his Almighty, that sickness, danger,
and evil are about! It may be a good god for
him in this world; but if there is any truth in
what we learn about the orders of religion in
this Christian world, his faith will not help him
when he shall ascend up and ask entrance at
the crystal doors. If there can be evil ex-
pressed in high places that communicates evil
thoughts, that communicates evil teachings,
that demoralizes the youth who receive impres-
sions as does the wax, it is by such lessons as
the Senator from Ohio now teaches byword of
moutli as Senator in this Senate Hall.
Sir, the President of the United States is a
constitutional officer, clothed with high power,
and clothed with the very power which ho has
exercised in this instance, and those who con-
ferred upon him these powers were men such
i as Madison and Jay and Hamilton and Morris
' and Washington and a host of worthies, men
who, I think, knew as much about the laws of
government, and how they should be rightly
balanced, us any of the wisest who now siUiere
in council. It is the duty of the President of
the United Stales to stand as defender of the
Constitution in his place as the conservator of
the rights of the people, as tribune of the peo-
ple, as it was in old Rome when the people did
choose their tribunes to go into the senate
chamber among the aristocracy of Rome, and
when they passed laws injurious to the Roman
people, to stand and say, "I forbid it."
That is the veto power, incorporated wisely
by our fathers in the Constitution, conferred
upon the President of th% United States, and
to be treated with consideration; and no ap-
peal of the Senator to his God can change the
Constitution or the rights of the President of
the United States. or can prevent a just con-
sideration of the dignity of this Senate body by
persons who have just consideration, who "feel
that they are Senators.
It is a strange thing, an exceedingly strange
thing, that when a few Senators in the city of
Washington, ill at their houses, give assurance
that they can bo here to act upon a great pub-
lic question on the day following this, we should
hear a piece of declamation, the Senator ap-
pealing to his God, and saying, with an lo
triomphe&vc, " Well or ill, God has made them
ill." Sir, the god of desolation, the god of
darkness, the god of evil is his god. I never
expected to hear such objections raised among
honorable men ; and men to be Senators
should be honorable men. I never expected
to hear such things in this Hall; and I rose
simply to say that such sentiments were to be
condemned, and must receive my condemna-
tion, now and here, and if it amounts to a
rebuke, I trust it may be a rebuke.
Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. President, I made this
motion in good faith, and I expected that it
would be responded to, because no advantage
can be gained by those acting with me between
now and the period at which we propose to
submit this bill to a vote. I do not wish to
stand between the Senator from Ohio and his
constituents ; but there is not a people in the
world to whom I would appeal with more cer-
tainty of being responded to than the people
of Ohio upon this very subject, if I was ad-
dressing them now. They would not, I verily
believe, sanction the idea of taking advantage
of the circumstance of the absence of two Sen-
ators, who are sick and who do not wish to
come here at an inconvenient hour of the night.
But his action on that point is a matter between
the Senator and his constituents. I said noth-
ing about bringing in Senators from the south-
ern States. I believe, however, that they ought
to be here, and in saying so I speak as a 'Union
man : as one who has stood by the Union from
the beginning. I advocai ed the cause of the
Union in the Peace Convention ; 1 went home
and advocated it in Kentucky ; I have stood by
it since, and I cannot be driven from it by the
cry of the one-man power, because I have seen
as much self-will in the one-man power exer-
cised at the dictation of individuals here in the
Senate as I have read of anywhere in the Uni-
ted States.
I do not want to continue' this discussion. I
should not like it to go out from this body that
the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Stockton)
was removed because his vote was wanted. I
do not want it to go out from this body that we
would not do a courtesy to sick Senators be-
cause we could pass a bill without their votes,
when wo could not if they were here. The
time will come when the people being con-
vinced of these things will say that there is
more to be feared from a combined Congress
than there is from a President, in relation to
the liberties of the people. I have no fear for
the liberties of the people from the President,.
That is a bugaboo; but I have a fear of a con-
solidated Government, from the action of the
party in power here. I have felt it creeping on
me the whole time since I have been here.
But I will not go into those matters. I ask
the Senate to make this postponement and
teach the Senator from Ohio that he is not the
one-man power here.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the Sen-
ate ready for the question?
