1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. SAULSBURY. What is the question?
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is. Shall the bill pass, the objections ol'the
President to the contrary notwithstanding?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I renew the appeal to
Senators that we agree to take this vote at four
o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. BROWN, and others. Wo are agreed
so far as we are concerned.
.Mr. HENDRICKS. I believe the chairman
does not object to that arrangement. We do
not want to discuss the matter further to-night,
and, with the understanding that wo shall take
the vote at that hour, I propose to move an
adjournment; but before I make that motion
I will state that the understanding 011 our side
is that a vote takes plaefe at four o'clock to-
morrow whether the sick Senators are able to
be here or not.
Mr. CONNESS. I object to this attempt to
fix a time by understanding for taking the vote,
at which time 'Senators are to be brought in
here to vote upon a single proposition, when
they can perform no other public duty. 1
object to it. It cannot be done.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am satisfied that no
good is to grow out of a struggle here to-niglit.
Mr. CONNESS. That is entirely another
question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There are some of our
friends who will not agree to fixing an hour to-
morrow, and my judgment is, the Senate had
better adjourn, and I think wo shall get a vote
to-morrow. I trust there will be no factious
opposition.
Several Senators. None at all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Wc will try to get a vole.
Mr. JOHNSON. You can certainly get a
vole to-morrow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we had better do
that. That is my judgment, and 1 hope our
friends will acquiesce in that course.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. WADE. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays wore ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. Although this motion is
not debatable, I wish to state that I understand
that the Senator who lias the bill in charge
thinks the Senate had better adjourn; I shall
vote in accordance with what I understand to
be (lis wishes.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 hope the Senator will
make a declaration of his desire.
Mr. AN i'HONY. He has already done so.
The PRESIDENT l>ro tempore. Debate is
not. in order unless the motion to adjourn is
withdrawn. The call will proceed.
The question being taken by yeas and naj's,
resulted—yeas 3£i, nays 12 ; as follows:
YAS—Messrs. Anthony, Hrown, Uuckalew. Clark,
Cowan. Civ.jnn, D.u-i", Doolittlc, ilduiunds, Fes-am-
den. {Jnmes, Guthrie, Harris, Henderson,
Hendricks. Kov.v, .tohuson, Lane of Kansas, It'Io
Hoii'sall, .M'r :s 111, jVioiritl, Ke.-rnith, Norton, Puddle,
fSaukluuy, ,Su<'rnum, Sinauue, Trumbull, Van Win-
kle, ^ illey. Williams, andWiNon—-■"'>3.
^NAYS—j\tesM's.Chandler. Conness, Creswell, How-
ard. Lane of jT'difaia, Nye, 1'oLmd, t'omeroy, llara-
sey. Stewnrl, Wade, and Vatr-: —1
A JiHBXT—.Uessrs. Dixon, Kirkwood, Sumner, and
Wnslit—1.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday. April 5, 18cjg.
The House met at twelve 0' clock in. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
survey \x« sale of mineral lands.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask unanimous consent to
report a bill from the Committee on Public
Lands in order that it may bo made a special
order for the last Tuesday and Wednesday of
this month. The title of the bill is House bill
No. 8'22, to provide for the survey and sale of
the lands of theLniied States containing gold,
silver, and other valnnble minerals, for the
assaying and coining of such miiieials, and for j
other purposes. • I
Mr. WASI-TBIJRNE, of Illinois. I object.
There are bills before the Committee on Com-
merce just as important as this, and which I
would like to have made special orders. But
if the House is going to make special orders in
this way I do not know what is to become of
the regular business. I demand the regular
order.
reports 01 committees.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the call of committees for reports, beginning
with the Committee on the Militia.
No reports were presented from the Com-
mittee 011 the. Militia.
The SPEAKER. In accordance with the
arrangement made between the Committee 011
Military Affairs and the Committee 011 Naval
Affairs, reports from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs arc next in order.
Mr. SCHENCK obtained the floor.
railroad and telegraph line.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. The gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Sciienok] yields to me, and
I ask unanimous consent to introduce for ref-
erence a bill to aid in the construction of a
railroad and telegraph line from Great Salt
Lake City to the Colorado river, and to secure
to the Government of the United States the
use of the same for postal, military, and other
purposes.
There being 110 objection, the bill was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee 011 Public Lands.
leave of absence.
Mr. McTNDOE, by unanimous consent,
asked leave of absence for Mr. Sloan for one
week.
Leave was granted.
captain johx vr. partridge.
OnmotionofMr. SCHENCK, the Committee
011 Military Affairs was discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of Cap-
tain John W. Partridge, company K, twenty-
fourth Massachusetts volunteers, and the same
was referred to the Committee of Claims.
lieutenant james thompson.
On motion of Mr. SCHENCK, the Committee
on Military Affairs was discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of Licu-
t enant James Thompson, twenty-fourth Massa-
chusetts volunteers, prayingreimburscmenlfor
clothing, ilc., lost, and the same was referred
to the Committee of Claims.
joiix c. macill.
On motion of Mr. SCHENCK, the Commit-
tee 011 Military Affairs was discharged from
the further consideration of the petition and
accompanying papers of John C. Mngill, ask-
ing payment for horses furnished to the United
States Army, and the same was referred to
the Committee of Claims.
pay of the army.
Mr. SCHENCK. A very serious blunder
has been made by the printer in printing
llou^e bill No. 4o0 in regard to the pay of
the Army. In the fifth section the printed
bill reads:
That all ofTlecrs of tlio Army of the United Slates
,-hait bo entitled to receive the pay that may be
due. k'.
The words "and soldiers" should be in-
serted after the word ofiieers." As this error
is so serious and material, 1 ask that the bill
may be reprinted.
'The SPEA KER. If there be no objection,
it will be so ordered.
There was no objection.
establishment of military posts.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am instructed by the
Committee on Military Affairs to submit, a
report upon the memorial of the Minnesota
Legislature lor the establishment of military
posts. I ask that the report be read.
The Oleik read the report. It. states that,
in the opinion of the committee, full authority
is already vested in the War Department to
establish military posts at such points as the
military authorities may deem advisable. The
committee, therefore, see no occasion for legis-
lation on the subject 011 the part of Congress, .
and ask that they be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the memorial, and that
the same be laid on the table.
The Committee on Military Affairs was dis-
charged from the further consideration of tlie
memorial, which was laid on the table.
organization 01? the army.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the same committee,
moved that it be discharged from the further
consideration of sundry resolutions and peti-
tions having relation to the organization of the
Army and differeut subjects connected there-
with, the matter having been embraced in the
Army bill, and that they bo laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
national guard of new york.
Mr. SCHENCK. from the same committee,
moved that it he discharged from the further
consideration of the report of a committee ap-
pointed by a military association relative to
the National Guard of the State of New York
as affected by action of Congress, and that it
be referred to the Committee on the Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
increase of'l'ay to naval officers. ,
Mr. SCHENCK, from the same committee,
moved that it bo discharged from the further
consideration of resolutions of the Legislature
of the State of New York indorsing resolu-
tions of the Chamber of Commerce asking an
increase of pay to officers of the Navy, and
that they bo referred to the Cominittceon Naval
Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
army volunteer nurses.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the same committee,
moved that that committee bo discharged from
the further consideration of House bill No.
411,1o secure pay (under certain circumstances)
to Army volunteer nurses, and that it be laid
upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the same committee,
reported back a petition 011 the same subject,
and moved that it be laid upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
damage to church!',s, etc.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the same committee,
moved that that committee be discharged from
the further consideration of petition of citizens
of Upshur county, West Virginia, for compen-
sation for damages done to churches, &c., by
the Union armies, and that it be laid upon the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
donation ok public buildings, etc.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the same committee,
moved that that committee be discharged from
the further consideration of papers, &c.. rela-
ting to resolutions before Congress that build-
ings, sheds, and lumber of the United Stales
atUrafton and at New Creek, West Virginia,
lately used for hospital purposes may bo dona-
ted to boards of education, &e„, and that they
bo laid upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
reimbursement of united states soldiers.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the same committee,
reported back the memorial of the Legislature
nf the State of Minnesota, asking that soldiers
be reimbursed for losses of money taken by
rebels in the late war, and moved that it be
referred to the Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
p.arxey cain.
Mr. SCIIENCK, from the same committee,
reported adversely 011 Senate bill No. 53, for
the relief of Barney Cain; and tho same was
laid upon tho table.
MILITARY POSTS.
Sir. SCHENCK, from the same committee,
to whom was referred the memorial of the
