LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES.
PUEIIC ACTS OF THE THIRTY-NINTH CONGRESS
OP T1IE
• UNITED STATES,
Passed at the First Session, which ivas begun and held at the City of Washington, in the District of Columbia, on
Monday, the 4th day of December, A. D. 1865, and ended on Saturday, the 28th day of Jutyj A. D. 1866.
Andrew Johnson, President. La Fayette 8. Foster, President of the Senate. La Fayette S. Foster was elected
President of the Senate pro tempore on the Ttli day of March, and so acted until the end of the Session.
Schuyler Colfax, Speaker of the House of Representatives.
[The Index to the Laws follows the Index to the Appendix.]
Chapter I.—An Act to amend an Act entitled
"An Act providing for the Selection of Jurors
to serve in the several Courts of the District
of Columbia."
Beit enacted by the Senateand House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That if at any time it shall
occur that all of the names in the box provided
for in the fourth section of the act to which this
is an amendment shall have been drawn out of
the same at any term of the court before the
first day of February next ensuing, the court,
or any judge thereof, may order the marshal to
summon from the body of Washington county
twenty-three citizens, having the qualifications
of jurors, as provided in said act, to serve as
grand jurors, and twenty-six citizens, having,
such qualifications, to act as petit jurors, or
either, as may be needed at any subsequent
term of the court to be held between the time
of the happening of the contingency aforesaid
and the first day of February then next ensuing;
and vacancies in either grand or petit jurors so
ordered to be summoned as aforesaid may be
filled by other persons summoned by the mar-
shal upon the order of the court.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That
whereas all the names in the jury-box provided
for by the fourth section of the act to which this
is an amendment were, at the late term of the
supreme court of the District of Columbia, sit-
ting for the trial of crimes and misdemeanors,
drawn from said box, the judge assigned to hold
the December term of said court for the year
eighteen hundred and sixty-five, be, and he is
hereby, authorized and empowered to order the
marshal to summon from the body of Wash-
ington county twenty-three citizens, having the
qualifications of jurors, as provided in the act
to which this is an amendment, to act as grand
jurors for said term of said court, and twenty-
six citizcns, having such qualifications, to act
as petit jurors for said term, and that vacancies
in paid grand and petit jurors may be filled as
provided for in the first section of this act.
Approved, December 18, 1885.
Chap. II.—An Act to prevent the Spread of
foreign Diseases among the Cattle of the
United States.
Beit enacted by the Senateand House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the importation of
807
cattle be, and hereby is, prohibited. And it
shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to make such regulations as will give this
law full and immediate effect, and to send copies
of them to the proper officers in this country,
and to all officers or agents of the United States
in-foreign countries.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, Thatwhen
the President shall give thirty days' notice, by
proclamation, that no further danger is to be
apprehended from the spread of foreign infec-
tious or contagious diseases among cattle, this
law shall be of no force, and cattle may be im-
parted in the -same way as before its passage.
Approved, December 18, 1865.
Chap. III.—An Act making Appropriation for
refurnishing and repairing the President's
House.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembleil, That the sum of thirty
thousand dollars, or so much thereof as shall
be necessary, be and the same is hereby ap-
propriated, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, for refurnishing
the President's House and repairing the same.
Approved, December 19, 1865.
Chap. V.—An Act authorizing the Secretary
of the Treasury to appoint Assistant Assess-
ors of Internal Revenue.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury is hereby authorized to appoint any
assistant assessors of internal revenue nowpro-
vided by law.
Approved, January 15, I860.
Chap. VI.—An Act making Appropriations for
the Payment of invalid and other Pensions
of the United States for the year ending the
thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven, and additional Appropriations for the
year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen
hundred and sixty-six.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and the same are hereby, appropriated out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, for the payment of pensions for
the year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen
hundred and sixty-seven :
For invalid pensions under various acts, five
millions five hundred thousand dollars.
For revolutionary pensions, and pensions of
widows, children, mothers, and sisters of sol-
diers, as provided for by acts of March eight-
eenth, eighteen hundred and eighteen ; May
fifteenth, eighteen hundred and twenty-eight;
June seventh, eighteen hundred and thirty-two;
July fourth, eighteen hundred and thirty-six;
July seventh, eighteen hundred and thirty-
eight ; March third, eighteen hundred and forty-
three ; June seventeenth, eighteen hundred and
forty-four; February second, July twenty-first,
and July twenty-ninth, eighteen hundred and
forty-eight; February third, eighteen hundred
and fifty-three; June third, eighteen hundred
and fifty-eight; and July fourteenth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two, and for compensation
to pension agents and expenses of agencies,
nine millions eight hundred thousand dollars.
For Navy pensions to widows, children,
mothers, and sisters, as provided jor by acta
of August eleventh, eighteen hundred and
forty-eight, and July fourteenth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-two, one hundred and forty
thousand dollars, to be paid out of the Navy
pension fund.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
following [sum] be, and the same is hereby,
appropriated to supply a deficiency in the ap-
propriation for the fiscal year ending the thir-
tieth of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-six,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated:
For revolutionary pensions and pensions of
I widows, children, mothers, and sisters of sol -
| diers as provided for by acts of March eight-
een, eighteen hundred and eighteen, May fif-
teen, eighteen hundred and twenty-eight, June
seven, eighteen hundred and thirty-two, July
four, eighteen hundred and thirty-six, July
seven, eighteen hundred and thirty-eight, March,
three, eighteen hundred and forty-three, June
seven, eighteen hundred and forty-four, Feb-
ruary two, July twenty-one, and July twenty-
nine, eighteen hundred and forty-eight, Feb-
ruary three, eighteen hundred and fifty-three,
June three, eighteen hundred and fifty-eight,
and July fourteen, eighteen hundred and sixty-
two, two millions five hundred thousand dol-
lars.
Approved, February 7, 1866.
