1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2747
is the issue I have made with the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley.]
Mr. HALE. Mr. Chairman 
Mr. P LIICE. I cannot yield. I am attend-
ing to the gentleman from Pennsylvania now.
Mr. HALE. I rise to a question of order:
that this debate is not relevant to the paragraph
under consideration.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. PRICE. I thought the Chair had over-
ruled that point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The point ef order
which the Chair overruled was raised by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Akcona.]
[Laughter.]
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the commit-
tee rise, that we may terminate debate on this
paragraph.
Mr. HENDERSON. I should like to have
an opportunity to say a few words.
Mr. MORRILL. I merely desire to say that
yesterday we progressed to the extent of only
four pages of the bill. To-day we have not
made that much progress. I trust that the
committee will sustain me in the effort to cut
off debate when a reasonable length of time
has been allowed so that the facts can be under-
stood. I believe that the committee do not
require argument so much as facts.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union had had under consideration the
Union generally and particularly the special
order, being bill of the House No. 513, to
amend an act entitled "An act to provide
internal revenue to support the Government,
to pay interest on the public debt, and for
other purposes," approved June 30, 1864, and
acts amendatory thereof, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
CLOSE OF DEBATE. j
Mr. MORRILL. I move that all debate in j
Committee of the Whole on the state of the :
Union on the pending paragraph of the spe- j
cial order terminate in three minutes after the
committee shall resume the consideration of
the subject. This will give the gentleman from
Oregon [Mr. Henderson] an opportunity to
submit a few remarks.
The motion was agreed to.
TAX BILL—AGAIN.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Dawes in the chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of the special order, being a bill of the
House (No. 513) to amend an act entitled
"An act to provide internal revenue to sup-
port the Government, to pay interest on the
public debt, and for other purposes," approved
June 30, 1864, and acts amendatory thereof.
Mr. HENDERSON. Mr. Chairman, I am
in favor of a high rate of taxation upon the
articles of tobacco, cigars, and snuff. I think
that tobacco and the articles made from it are
now altogether too cheap and too easily ob-
tained by those who use them. I regard the
use of these articles as one of the nuisances
that, curse the country, and I believe that they
ought to be taxed as highly as possible. If the
tax received should not increase the revenue,
I hope it will decrease the use of tobacco. I
regard the use of this article as a barbarous
practice; and in confirmation of this idea I
refer to the trade-signs which I see on Penn-
sylvania avenue. At the door of every tobacco
store I see the figure of a half-naked savage
or a crazy negro, or a monster representing, I
suppose, a heathen god or some other imagi-
nary being, holding out tobacco, cigars, and
snuffs ; as much as to say, "If you want to be
a heathen, a savage, or a monster, use tobacco."
And I see that the practice is prevailing to an
alarming extent, so much so that even little
boys are using tobacco. 1 see little negro boys,
not more than four feet high, walking the streets
with cigars in their mouths, costing perhaps
twenty-five cents.
Mr. GARFIELD. Is not that a "civil
right?" [Laughter.]
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On cavendish, plug, twist, and all other kinds of
manufactured tobacco, not herein otherwise provided
for, a tax of forty cents per pound.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
On tobacco twisted by hand, or reduced from leaf
into a condition to be consumed without tho use of
any machine or instrument, and without beinsr pressed,
sweetened, or otherwise prepared, a tax of thirty cents
per pound.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I move to
amend by striking out in line twenty-two hun-
dred and one the word "thirty," and inserting
in lieu thereof the word " ten so as to pro-
vide for a tax of ten cents per pound.
Mr. Chairman, a tax of forty cents per pound
on manufactured tobacco is perhaps about rea-
sonable : but tobacco put up in twists merely
is not worth one fourth or one fifth of the value
of the manufactured article. Manufactured
tobacco sells for four or five times as much as
tobacco which is merely twisted. Hence the
tax proposed in this paragraph is altogether'
unreasonable.
In the West tobacco is prepared in this way,
simply twisted up by hand, without any ma-
chinery, and without any expenditure of capi-
tal whatever. It is furnished in this shape by
those who raise it. most generally negroes, who
raise perhaps one or two hundred pounds, and
sell it prepared in this rough way at the coun-
try stores.
Well, now. this tobacco will not sell in mar-
ket for more than twenty cents per pound.
Twenty-five cents per pound is a high price.
Yet here is a tax of thirty cents, while on man-
ufactured tobacco worth five times as much the
tax is only forty cents. The result will be to
break this up and men will buy the tobacco
and twist it themselves. Any man can twist
up as much in two hours' time as will last him
for a year. It will therefore cut off entirely
this source of revenue. Men cannot afford to
pay this tax. It is wholly confined to those
who raise small quantities. You will find the
tobacco in small quantities in the little stores.
There is no expensive machinery about it. It
is altogether unreasonable this tax should be
imposed. I therefore move that it shall be
reduced to ten cents.
Mr. MORRILL. This was originally in-
serted into the law both for the protection of
the revenue and the regular manufacturer of
tobacco. We found in Kentucky that large
quantities of this tobacco were twisted up, put
into paper, and labeled. "This tobacco has
paid no tax." It was to protect the Govern- :
rnent and the honest manufacturers, and it is j
stiil found to be necessary. i
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I withdraw j
my amendment and move to reduce the tax to j
fifteen cents. j
Mr. Chairman, the tax moved by tho com- i
mittee in their bil.l will defeat the very object j
which the gentleman from Vermont declares i
they had in ">iew. You cannot prevent the i
men who wish to avail themselves of the priv- ;
ilege of twisting this tobacco. Why, sir, you ■
can go to a tobacco-raiser and buy fifty pounds, <
twist it up, and lay it away. The whole object j
of twisting it is to preserve it so that it will not I
crumble. You cannot force people to buy man- ;
ufactured tobacco by this extremely high tax. j
If you allow the tax to remain at a reasonable j
figure such as I propose, this will go on as it t
has done heretofore. If, on the contrary, the 1
bill is allowed to remain as it is tire Govern- j
merit will collect no revenue at all. This 1
operates upon the poor class of people, and j
not upon the large planters, who of course ;
send their tobacco to the regular market in I
hogsheads, 1 withdraw the amendment 1 i
have just offered, «nd renew my previous
amendment that the tax shall be reduced to
ten cents.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 26, noes 67.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On fine-cut chewing-tobacco, whether manufac-
tured with stems in or not, or however sold, whether
loose, in bulk, or in rolls, packages, papers,wrappers,
or boxes, a tax of forty cents per pound.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
On smoking-tobacco of all kinds, including thafc
made of stems, or in part of stems, and imitations
thereof, a tax of twenty cents per pound.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to insert in line
twenty-two hundred and six after the word
"kinds" these words: "not sweetened, nor
stemmed, nor butted."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to insert afterline
twenty-two hundred and five the following:
On smoking-tobacco sweetened, stemmed, or but-
ted, a tax of lorty cents per pound.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to strike out
"twenty" in line twenty-two hundred and
eight and insert "ten." I propose to follow up
this amendment, which relates to cheap, ordi-
nary line-cut smoking-tobacco. with an amend-
ment which shall also make it possible to manu-
facture cheap cigars.
The present amendment, confining itself ex-
clusively to fine-cut smoking-tobaceo, I will in
a word explain. So far as tobacco is concerned,
while it related to that which is used for chew-
ing, I made no proposition because it does not
affect any interest I represent, but so fat as
smoking-tobacco is concerned, either line-cut
or used in the manufacture of cigars, it does
largely affect a great industrial pursuit in ray
State and in the West, and afreets it, even with
the amendments to tho existing law proposed
in this bill, to a ruinous extent. Fine-eut
smoking-tobacco is largely manufactured from
the tobacco leaf raised in the western States.
This tobacco leaf is a different article from the
southern tobacco. Southern tobacco has a
glutinous or gummy character which enables
yon to manufacture from it plug, cavendish,
and the various forms of chewing-tobacco.
But that same tobacco seed sown in our north-
western States produces an article which is
not capable of being manufactured at all into
chewing-tobacco. It is dry, and is used only
for the purpose of smoking.
I spoke of fine-cut. I mean smoking-tobacco.
This smoking-tobacco, made out of leaf raised
in Ohio, Indiana, Michigan. Pennsylvania, and
in all the Northwest, burdened by this tax which
is now proposed of forty cents, cannot bo pro-
duced or used at all, and the proposed tax will
therefore defeat the object sought of affording
a revenue to the Government.
Let me tell you how it operates. This same
smoking-tobacco, as manufactured before the
Government tax was levied upon it, was made
somewhat in this way and at this cost: mixing
the leaf and the stem in the proportion used, it
was worth two and a half cents a pound. Mak-
ing this half leaf and half stem by the process
of cutting and drying and putting it into a con-
dition fit for smoking-tobacco cost an average
of five cents a pound, making a total of seven
and a half cents. Now, if you put upon that
a tax of twenty cents, as proposed by this bill,
you will make tho entire cost twenty-seven and
a half cents per pound, or more than three
times the original cost of labor and stock to
the producer. If you bring the tax down to
ten cents it will still amount to about seventeen
and a half cents, tax included, and the Govern-
ment will get its full share, and more than its
full share, at the lowest, price for which the
article can possibly be sold.
The effect of the adoption of the provisior
in tho bill as it stands will be to destroy the
manufacture of smoking-tobacco out ofour com-
mon leaf at the West. Thi? leaf can be bought-
anywhere at ten cents a pound: but in what
