.3708
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
no way to settle this difficulty. I say so now.
You have overcome the physical strength of the
South, but you hare struck down constitutional-
Aroeiican liberty. When I said that war was
no way to accomplish your purposes, I had in
contemplation the preservation of the'Ameri-
can Union with the constitutional rights of the
people of every State in the Union preserved.
Mr. POMEROY. I understand the Senator
now to say that he knows of no men in the.
South, or no considerable number of men, who
are averje to the Union, but they accept the
situation. I do"not know but that he went so
far as to say that they would rejoice in it. At
any rate, he said, that they accepted it; they
are reconciled to it; they acquiesce in it, and
have been brought to that result by the war.
Mr. SAULSBURY. If the gentleman will
just be easy and quiet for a moment, I will ex-
plain it all to him, so that he who runs may
read. The Senator has been so polite as to
remind me of my record. I did not know that
the record of so humble a Senator had attracted
the attention of so distinguished a one; but,
sir, I hold that there is a perfect symmetry
in my record. This is a digression not occa-
sioned by me, because the Senator has referred
to my record Und I must rejoin.
Sir, when, in 18G0, it was'apparent to every
one that unless there could be some terms of
compromise or agreement between the contend-
ing sections war was inevitable, I said that war
was not the proper mode of settling your dif-
ferences ; that you ought not to be wiser than
your fathers; that you ought in an emergency
of that kind when you saw that war was inevita-
ble, a war which you—I do not refer to the Sena-
tor individually, but I speak with reference to
the political opinions of those who acted with
him—helped to bring about by advocating doc-
trines which you knew if practically carried
into operation would of necessity lead t<^ a dis-
solution of the Union ; when men advocating
those sentiments, and men advocating just as
foolish things down in the Gulf States, all coop-
erating for the accomplishment of the same
purpose; when men with inflamed passions and
maddened brains in both sections of the coun-
try were striving to bring about a dissolution
ot'the Union, it wasthen, when you determined
that if the South undertook to secede you would
invoke the sword and the cannon, that I said
that was no way to preserve the Union. I did
not say just at that time, although I believe I
did say it aftci'wards, that you could not con-
quer the South, and I did think at one Cime
that you never could. I believe that if they
had been all in earnest, if they had all gone
into it, that that people could not have been
coiiQuerod even by all your importations from
foreign countries. That people fought the
' whole world. I am glad that the Union is not
dissolved. I am glad the South did not bring
about a separation of the country. I am just
as glad of it as you are. I never wanted to see
a separation of the country. But I said then
as I say now, that war was no way to preserve
the Federal Union; and I say now, sir, that
you have not preserved the Federal Union.
You have destroyed it temporarily. Its res-
toration will have to be the work of men
entertaining principles like the founders of
the Government. If it is ever restored,
it will have to be restored by the action of that
good old great Democratic party that studied
the master minds of American history.
Talk about preserving the American Union
with twenty-two vacant seats upon this floor
and eleven States not represented here! The
Constitution of your country says that each
State shall be entitled to two Senators, and
provides for membership in the other House
from each State. And yet, sir, you come here,
two thirds'of the American Union, you call
yourselves the Congress of the United States,
and you shut and bar the doors against whom
you please. The southern States are perfectly
reconstructed for the purpose of sending con-
stitutional amendments to them that they may
vote upon them; but when they propose to
come here to participate in making the laws by
which they as well as you are to be governed,
they are. not reconstructed exactly; you do not
know exactly whether they are in the Union
or not!
You have succeeded in conquering the physi-
cal -force of the South; and I am glad that they
have submitted—as glad as you are. I have
as much interest in the preservation of the
Federal Union as you have. My ancestors
have lived upon this continent as long as yours
have. You have children to live here after
you and so have I. Therefore I am glad from
the bottom my heart that the country has
not been separated by any geographical line.
Otherwise, I say in response to your question,
you have not preserved the American Union.
You have struck down constitutional liberty
wherever you could lay your hands upon it.
In carrying on your war, which you might ha,ve
avoided by peaceable measures in adjusting
your differences as your fathers did, there was
no principle of constitutional liberty which you
and those who acted with you did not ruthlessly
lay your hands upon and utterly destroy; and
this day you yourselves say that the Uniofi is
not restored.
But, sir, this is a digression. When inter-
rupted by the Senator from Kansas I was
coming to the consideration of tM two points
only involved in this case.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not like to interrupt
the Senator and never do interrupt any one ;
but I do not understand the Senator now to say
whether he was wrong when he said that the
war was no road to peace; that the South never
would submit; or whether he is right now when
he says that they have submitted, and that
there is no part of the South anywhere that is
not reconciled to submit to, its condition. I
have been here for five years with the Senator,
and we never have had the South hero since I
have been here, and we were never supposed
to be responsible for their not being here. We
never sent them out; they went out of their
own accord. If the way is not clear, it is their
fault.
Mr. SAULSBURY. And wrongfully went
out; I admit all that.
Mr. POMEROY. We are not to blame
for it.
Mr. SAJJLSBURY. If the Senator under-
stood me to say that the physical power Of the
South could not be overcome, and if I did say
that, I was mistaken. It has been overcome.
I have no doubt I have formed many erroneous
opinions in my life, which subsequent events
have proved to be erroneous; and, if I ex-
pressed any such opinion as that, it was erro-
neous. I say the physical power of the South
has been overcome, although at one time I
did not believe it ever would be, because I be-
lieved the people there were united and ear-
nest ; but they had the good sense, when they
got whipped, to say so, and give their word
of honor that they would observe the law and
the Constitution of the United States in future,
and I believe they will do it. I want no test
oaths.
Mr. President, I shall now proceed to the
only two points involved in this case. One is,
is there any necessity for the passage of this
act, whether the act retroeeding that portion
of Virginia called Alexandria to the State of
Virginia was constitutional or not? I have
hoard but one reason assigned, and that was
by the honorable Senator frOm Ohio, to whom
I always listen with great pleasure, because I
think ho is one of those Senators who always
says what he means, and means what he says.
He says it boldly and frankly, and there is no
dodging around questions with him. He assigns
this reason, that it may be necessary forthe de-
fense of the capital, and he says that the Govern-
ment experienced great difficulty in the early
part of the late war because that portion of the
District had been retroceded to Virginia. Let us
look at the reason for a moment. How is it pos-
sible that the retrocession of that part of this
District to Virginia could in any way affect the
military operations of this Government? Why,
sir, the armed forces of the confederacy were not
within hundreds of miles of the Potomac bank
until they removed their capital to Richmond;
the countfy was all open. When the confed-
erates fired upon the flag at Sumter, and the
President of the United States called for vol-
unteers, did he bring his volunteers here and
station them in Washington, and keep them
here and refuse to let them go over on the
heights of Arlington? Did he wait until the
confederates came up near the heights of Ar-
lington before he sent his soldiers over there,
and took possession of those heights? Not at
all. They may have remained in Washington
a few days ; but it was but a very short time
before they were in possession of Arlington
heights and all that country, not only that por-
tion which had been in the District of Colum-
bia, I believe, but other portions of Virginia,
and fortifications were erected. The forces of
Virginia did not attempt to drive the Federal
soldiery, off; they could not have done it.
Suppose now that war should spring up be-
tween Virginia and the United States, do you
suppose the United States would stop to ask
the State of Virginia whether they should go
on Arlington heights or not and fortify them
again? No, sir. It could have had no possi-
ble effect, as to whom the eminent domain was
in, Virginia or the United States; it did not
make a particle of difference when there were
armies to be marched; and for all purposes
of defense you were just as secure with that
portion of what was formerly the District of
Columbia in the State of Virginia as you would
have been if it were in the Federal Govern-
ment, because though it be in the limits of the
State of Virginia you hold the doctrine that
you have got the right to send your armies into
any State of the Union. You will not stop to
ask the consent of the State.
But old Virginia, it is said, may plant her
cannon on the opposite banks and batter down
your capital. Why, sir, Virginia is not al-
lowed to keep a standing army. How can she
go to erecting fortifications ? Is there no power
in this Government, if Virginia were to under-
take to rear fortifications with guns bearing on
the capital, to prevent it? Where is your
Army to tear them down ? She is not allowed
to keep an army or a navy, under the Consti-
tution of the United States. This is the only
reason assigned as I understand why it is neces-
sary to annul the act of 1846, and that is no
reason at all.
Then, Mr. President, it is a question of law.
It is said that the act retroeeding Alexandria
to the State of Virginia was unconstitutional
and void; and it is said to be unconstitutional
and void upon two grounds: first, that Con-
gress having accepted ten miles square, had
no power to part with any portion of the land
thus accepted. The honorable Senator from
Maryland has argued that question so fully and
satisfactorily that it is unnecessary for me to
say a word on the subject. I agree with him
in opinion entirely.
But, sir, it is said'this is a legislative power,
and a legislative power cannot be delegated.
I admit the principle. Legislative power can-
not be delegated. But the question arises
here, is this a delegation of legislative power?
If it is a delegation of legislative power, then
I admit that the act retroeeding this portion
of the District to the State of Virginia is ut-
terly null and void; but if it be not a delega-
tion of legislative power, then the act is con-
stitutional, and is not null and void.
What is the authority cited? In twenty
years' practice at the bar I have frequently
seen cases brought into court and cited which
had very little to do with the subject; and I
think that the case cited here has but very lit-
tle to do with it. What was the act retroeed-
ing this portion of the District to Virginia?
It was a solemn act of Congress. Congress
enacted it, declared that Alexandria county
should be retroceded to the State of Virginia,
with the consent of the people of Alexandria,
