308
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 10,
39th Cong....1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
Chap. VIII.—An Act to regulate the Regis-
tering of Vessels.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That no ship or vessel,
which has been recorded or registered as an
American vessel, pursuant to law, and which
shall have been licensed or otherwise author-
ized to sail under a foreign flag, and to have the
protection of any foreign Government during
the existence of the rebellion, shall be deemed
or registered as an American vessel, or shall
have the rights and privileges of American
vessels, except under the provisions of an act
of Congress authorizing such registry.
Approved, February 10, 1866.
Chap. IX.—An Actgrantingthe franking Privi-
lege to Mary Lincoln.
Be itenactedbythe Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That all letters and packets
carried by post, to and from Mary Lincoln,
widow of the late Abraham Lincoln, be con-
veyed free of postage during her natural life.
Approved, February 10, 1866.
Chap. X.—An Act authorizing an Increase of
the clerical Force in the Post Office Depart-
ment.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That, in addition to the
clerical force now authorized by law in the
Post Office Department, the Postmaster Gen-
eral be, and he is hereby, authorized to ap-
point and employ four clerks of class one,
seven of class two, fourteen of class three,
and four of class four; and said clerks shall
be paid until the thirtieth of June, eighteen
hundred and sixty-six, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Approved, February 1G, 1866.
Chap. XII.—An Act to amend an Act entitled
"An Act to prevent the Spread of foreign
Diseases among the Cattle of the United
States," approved December eighteen, eight-
een hundred and sixty-five.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Stutes of America in
Congress assembled, That an act entitled "An
act to prevent the spread of foreign diseases
among the cattle of the United States," ap-
proved December eighteenth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-five, is hereby amended so as
to read as follows:
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the importation of
neat cattle and the hides of neat cattle from
any foreign country into the United States is
hereby prohibited: Provided, however, That
the operation of this act, or any part thereof,
shall be suspended as to any foreign country
or countries, or any parts of such country or
countries, whenever the Secretary of the Treas-
ury shall officially determine, and give public
notice thereof, that such importation will not
tend to the introduction or spread of conta-
gious or infectious diseases among the cattle
of the United States; and the Secretary of the
Treasury is hereby authorized and empowered,
and it shall be his duty, to make all necessary
orders and regulations to carry this law into
effect, or to suspend the same as therein pro-
vided, and to send copies thereof to the proper
officers in the United States, and to such offi-
cers or agents of the United States in foreign
countries as he shall judge necessary.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That the
President of the United Slates, whenever in
his judgment theiinportation of neat cattleand
the hides of neat cattle may be made without
danger of the introduction or spread of con-
tagious or infeetious disease among the cattle
of the United States, may, by proclamation,
declare the provisions of this act to be inop-
erative, and the same shall be afterwards inop-
erative and of no effect from and after thirty
days from the date of said proclamation.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted; That any
person convicted of a willful violation of any
of the provisions of this act shall be punished
by a fine not exceeding five hundred dollars, or
imprisonment not exceeding one year, or by
both such fine and imprisonment, in the dis-
cretion of the court.
Approved, March 6, 1866.
Chap. XIII.—An Act to quiet the Title to cer-
tain Lands withinthe corporate Limits of the
City of San Francisco.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That all the right and title
of the United States to the land situated within
the corporate limits of the city of San Fran-
cisco, in the State of California, confirmed to the
city of San Francisco by the decree of the cir-
cuit court of the United States forthe northern
district of California, entered on the eighteenth
day of May, one thousand eight hundred and
sixty-five, be, and the same are hereby, relin-
quished and granted to the said city of San
Francisco and its successors, and the claim of
the said city to said land is hereby confirmed,
subject, however, to the reservations and ex-
ceptions designated in said decree, and upon
the following trusts, namely: that all the said
land, not heretofore granted to said city shall be
disposed of and conveyed by said city to par-
ties in the bona fide actual possessiou thereof,
by themselves or tenants, on the passage of
this act, in such quantities and upon such terms
and conditions as the Legislature of the State
of California nlay prescribe, except such par-
cels thereof as may be reserved and set apart
by ordinance of said city for public uses : Pro-
vided, however, That the relinquishment and
grant by this act shall not interfere with or pre-
judice any valid adverse right or claim, if such
exist, to said land or any part thereof, whether
derived from Spain, Mexico, or the United
States, or preclude a judicial examination and
adjustment thereof.
Approved, March 8, 1866.
Chap. XV.—An Act to declare the Meaning of
certain Parts of the Internal Revenue Act,
approved June thirty, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That in section one hun-
dred and twenty of the act entitled "An act
to provide internal revenue to support the
Government, to pay interest on the public debt,
andfor other purposes," approved June thirty,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, the words,
"all dividends in scrip, or money thereafter
declared due, and whenever the same shall be
payable, to stockholders, policy-holders or de-
positors," are hereby declared to mean all divi-
dends in scrip or money wherever payable,
and all stockholders, policy-holders, depositors,
or parties whatsoever, including non-residents,
whether citizens or aliens.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That in
section one hundred and twenty-two of said
act the word " stockholders" is hereby declared
to mean all persons or parties whatsoever that
are or may be stockholders, including non-rcs-
idente, whether citizens or aliens; and the words
"all such interest or coupons, dividends or
profits, whenever the same shall be payable,"
are hereby declared to apply to all such inter-
est or coupons, dividends or profits wherever
the same are or may be payable, and to what-
soever party or person the same are or may be
payable, including non-residents, whether citi-
zens or aliens.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That it
shall be theduty of all persons required to make
returns or lists of income and articles or objects
charged with any duty or tax, as provided by
the act aforesaid, or any act amendatory thereof,
to declare in such returns whether the several
rates and amounts therein contained are stated
according to their values in legal-tender cur-
rency ; and in case of neglect or refusal so to
state, to the satisfaction of the assistant assessor
receiving such returns or lists, such assistant
assessor is hereby required to make returns or
lists for such persons so neglecting or refusing,
as in case of persons neglecting or refusing to
make the lists or returns required by the acts
aforesaid, and to assess the duty thereon, and
to add thereto the amount of penalties imposed
by law in case of such neglect or refusal.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That when-
ever the rates and amounts contained in the
lists or returns as aforesaid shall be stated in
coined money, it shall be the duty of each as-
sessor receiving the same to reduce such rates
and amounts to their equivalent, inlegal-tender
currency, according to the value of such coined
money in said currency at the time when and
place where said lists or returns are receivable,
and which value the said assessor shall deter-
mine. And the lists required by law to be fur-
nished to collectors by assessors shall in all
cases contain the several amounis of taxes or
duties assessed, estimated, or valued in legal-
tender currency only.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
provisions of this act shall, so far as necessary,
apply to all returns, lists, assessments, and col-
lections required by the acts aforesaid in addi-
tion to those above mentioned, by whomsoever
made, returned, assessed, or collected, in any
mode or for any purpose whatever. And the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, under the
direction of the Secretary of the treasury, is
hereby authorized to make all necessary rules
and regulations for carrying this act into effect.
Approved, March 10, 1866.
Chap. XVI.—An Act to establish certain Post
Roads.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following be es-
tablished as post roads:
california.
From Rio Vista, via Maine Prairie and Bing-
hampton, to Silveyville.
From Red Bluff, via the Upper Sacramento
river, Soda Springs, and Shasta Valley, to
Y reka.
From Red Bluff, via Payne's Creek, Mill
Creek, and Big Meadows, to Susanville.
From Cliico, via Stony Creek and Coast
Range, to Nome Cult.
From Cloverdale, via the Lakeport and Clo-
verdale Wagon Road, to Lakeport.
colorado.
From Central City, via Georgetown, to Ar-
gentine.
From Gold Dirt to South Boulder.
From Denver, via Mount Vernon and Idaho,
to Empire City.
dakota.
From Fort Wadsworth to Devils Lake.
From Momence, Illinois, via Beaver Lake
Ditch, Stringham's Point, and Pilot Grove,
all in Newton county, Indiana, to Adriance,
Indiana.
From Fulton, via Millville, .to Keenawha.
iowa.
From Boonsboro' to Panora.
From Winterset, via Quincy, Clarinda, and
Marysville, to Savannah, in Missouri.
From Indianola, via Lawrencebiwg.and Lib-
erty Centre, to Chariton.
