2748
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
condition is it bought? It is not cut for tlie
purpose of smoking. It is not. manufactured
in any way- Step into any little grocery store
in the West and ask for smoking-tobacco and
the keeper produces a roll of ordinary leaf
twisted up. weighs it out. and hands it over the
counter at ten cents a pound. It is carried
away by the purchaser and cut at his own
house with a cdmmon knife or rubbed to pieces
and smoked, and no revenue whatever is
derived from it. The effect, therefore, of the
existing law, or of any law which charges more
than something like ten cents a pound npon
this product, will inevitably prevent any reve-
nue, and at the same time deprive tlie people
of the advantageof tbeuseof it in this country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORRILL. I have no question but
what it is the purpose of the House to leave
the law so that we shall obtain a large revenue
from this source, but I very much doubt whether
when we get through with this bill the law will
be such as to accomplish that object. As it
now stands the law is more effective than we
have over had. We are receiving a larger
amount of revenue than we have ever before
received from this source. The present lay/ in
relation to this particular article perhaps is
somewhat oppressive in this: that tlie manufac-
turers are not able to dispose of their stems,
and these to a large amount are now on hand.
And in order to accommodate the trade and not
to be oppressive in any quarter, the committee
have, after hearing gentlemen from all parts of
the country, West as well as North and South,
come to the conclusion that it would be better
to fix the tax so as to embrace smoking-tobacco
in one description, so as to include stems or
not, as the parties might choose, and let the
price regulate that matter. As the law now
stands the tax on silioking- tobacco of all kinds
and imitations thereof, not otherwise provided
tor, is thirty-live cents per pound. On smoking-
tobacco made exclusively of stems it is fifteen
cents a pound. The committee came to the
conclusion, after a long and patient investiga-
tion, that to impose one rate was better for all
interests and perhaps might give the Govern-
ment an equal amount of revenue. Theythere-
fore agreed upon the rate of twenty cents per
pound instead of thirty-five, only five cents
more than it now is oti smoking-tobacco made
exclusively of stems, and fifteen cents less than
under any other provision in the law as it now
stands. We believe that that will be satisfac-
tory. Certainly, if we expect to derive any con-
siderable amount of revenue, it ought not to be
reduced below that.
The amount of revenue received from all
kinds of tobacco in the three quarters of the
present fiscal year is almost nine million dol-
lars. The amount received for the whole of the
year 180-5 was only 88,000,000, and in 18G4
$/.000.000, showing that the law as it now
stands is better at any rate than any laws here-
tofore enacted. I trust the committee will reach
the conclusion that we ought not to change this
provision as reported by the Committee of
"Ways and Means.
JIESS VGE FROM TIIU SENATE.
The committee rose informally for the pur-
pose of receiving a message from, the Senate,
by Mr. For.xEr, its Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had passed House bill
No. 85, for the disposal of the public lands for
homestead actual settlement in the States of
Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, Arkansas,
and Florida, with an amendment, in which he
was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House.
Also, that the Senate had passed, without
amendment, House bill No. 103, for the relief
of Mrs. William L. Ilerndon.
TAX IM.r, AGAIN'.
Mr. LAWRENCE, ofOhio. I move to amend
the amendment by inserting "five cents.''
The bill under consideration is designed to
amend the internal revenue laws of the United
States in many respects, and especially to fur-
xeli.ef to the great mechanical and indus-
trial interests of the country, many of them
now heavily taxed. The able chairman of the
Committeeof Ways and Means [Mr. Moitmi.b]
has furnished us an exhibit and an estimate of
the workings of the entire revenue system, as
follows:
Treasvnj receipts for fiscal year ending June 30,18G5.
Customs $S4,928,000
Internal revenue  209,464,000
Miscellaneous  35.175,133
Total receipts, exclusive of loans S320,5t>7.126
Estimated Treasury receipt* for fiscal year ending June
SO, 1866.
Custom receipts to April 1, I860,'(actual)
(coin) $128,867,375
Internal revenue to April 1, 1866, (actual) 213,890,518
ll.seellaneous (actual) premium on gold,
&o.....  37,1S3,300
Actual aggregate receipts to April 1.... 410,011,232
Estimated custom receipts, April 1 to
June 30  30,000,000
Estimated internal revenue, April 1 to
June 30   60,000,000
Estimated miscellaneous, April 1 to JuDe
SO  1,500.000
Total aggregate receipts from all
sources for the fiscal year ending
June 30,1866 $501,541,232
Estimate of receipts for the fiscal year ending June
30,1867.
Customs S125.000.000
Internal revenue  260,000,000
Increase on cotton    15,U0. "itOO
Increase on spirits  15,OCu'jOO
Miscellaneous  10,000,000
125,000,000
Requirements of the Secretary of tlie
Treasuiy  350,000,000
Available for reduction of taxation... $75,000.000
The internal revenue for the fiscal year end-
ing June 00. 1867, if the present revenue laws
should continue in force, with the proposed in-
crease on cotton, is estimated at $260,000,000.
The bill now under consideration is designed
to reduce this $75,000,000, and to that extent
relieve mechanical industry, employments, and
labor from the burdens which now to some
extent oppress them.
A few illustrations will show this. By the
law asit now stands a tax is levied aa follows:
On ready-made elothina-, boots and shoes, gloves,
mittens, and moccasins, caps, bats, and bonnets, or
other articles ol'dress not otherwise assessed and taxed
as such, for the wear of men, women, or children, six
per cent, ad valorem : Provided, That any tailor, boot
or shoemaker, hat,cap, or bonnet maker,miiliner, or
dresa-muker, exclusively engaged in manufactujing
any ot the foregoing articles to order as custom work
and not for sale generally, who shall make affidavit
to the assessor or assistant assessor, that the entire
amount of such manufactures so made does not ex-
ceed the sum of S1.0O0 per annum, shall be exempt
from duty.''
The bill now under consideration changes all
this and reduces the tax as follows:
On boot? and shoes, two per cent, ad valorem ; to
be paid by every person making, manufacturing, or
producing foi sale bouts and shoes, or fui Hashing the
matei-als or any part thereof, or employing other?
to make, manufacture, or produce them: Provided,
That any boot or shoe maker making boots or shoes
to order as custom work only, and not lor general
sale, and whose work does not exceed annually in
value 51,000, shall be exempt from tnis tax.
On ready-made clothing, and on gloves, mittens
moccasin?, caps and otii^r article* of dies5? {or the
wear of men. women, and children, not otherwise
as^es^ed and taxed, one per cent, ad valorem; to be
paid by every person making, man uf.ict unrig. or pi o~
ducing for sale clothing, gloves, mittens moccasins
caps, and other articles of dress, or furnishing the
materials or any part thereof, or employing other5 to
make, manufacture, or produce them: Pi ovtded, That
any tailor, or any maker of plover mittens mocca-
sins, caps, and other articles of dress to order as cus-
tom work only, and not for general bale, and who--e
woik does not execed annually in value £1.000, shall
be exempt from this tax: and articles of dre-s made
or trimmed bv.raillineis or dressmakers for the wear
of women and children shall also be exempt from this
tax.
Then by this bill there is a large list of arti-
cles entirely exempt from taxation. This
exemption will give great satisfaction to the
people and encouragement to productive in-
dustry. Among these are plows, cultivators,
harrows, straw and hay cutters, planters, seed-
drills. horse-rakes, wmnowing-mills, and many
others, generally articles of necessity or the
products of mechanical industry- These arti-
cles, heretofore taxed, but now exempt, with
the other reductions in taxes made by the bill,
would have produced $75,000,000 annually, if
the present law had continued in force. But
I cannot now enumerate the changes in detail.
While I am free to concede the great im-
provement which this bill will introduce in our
revenue system, I desire to point out briefly
some changes in the bill which it seems to me
should be made.
The law now in force levies a tax—
"On all cigars, cheroots, and cigarettes, made
wholly of tobacco, or of any substitutes therefor, ten
dollars per thousand cigars.
On smoking-tobacco of all kinds, and imitations
thereof, not otherwise herein provided for, thirty-
five cents per pound.
"On smoking-tobacco made exclusively of stems,
an el so sold, fitteen cents per pound."
There are other provisions affecting imported,
New England, and southern tobacco, but as
they do not materially affect western tobacco,
I do not propose to allude to them now. The
bill now before us changes the present law as
follows:
On smoking-tobacco of all kinds, including that
made of stems or in part of stems, and imitations
thereof, a tax of twenty cents per pound.
On cigarettes, or small cigars, made of tobacco,
inclosed in a wrapper* or binder, and not over tbre©
and a half inches in length, the market value of
which (tax included) is not over six dollars per thou-
sand, a tax of two dollars per thoti-and; when the-
market value is over six dollars and not over ten
dollars per thousand, (tax included,) and on cheroots,
and cisrars known as short-sixes, and on any cigars
made with or without pasted 01 twisted heads, the
maiket value ot which (tax included) is not over ten
dollais per thousand, a tax of tour dollars per thou-
sand. " .
On all other cigars, cheroots, and cigarettes, made
wholly of tobacco, or of any substitute therefor, a
tax ot ten dollars per thousand.
My colleague [Mr. Schexck] proposes to
amend this by levying ten only instead of twenty
cents per pound on smoking-tobacco and imi-
tations thereof, and by striking out the provis-
ions as to cigarettes and cigars, and by insert-
ing in lieu thereof a provision as follows: -
On cigarcttes or small cigars made of tobacco,
inclosed in a wrapper or binder and not over three
and a halt inches in lentrth, and on cigais made with
twisted heads, the market value of which, exclusive
of the tax, is not over six dollars per thousand, a tax
of two dollars per thousand.
On cheroots and cigars known as short sixes, and
cisrais made with pasted heads, the maiket value of
which, tax included, is not over twelve dollars per
thousand, and on all cigarettes and cigars, thy mar-
ket value ot which, exclusive of the tax. U over six
dollars and not over twelve dollars per thousand, a
tax of four dollars per thousand.
On all cigarettes, cheioots, and cigars the market
value of which, exclusive of the tax, is over twelve
dollars and not over twenty dollars per thousand, a
tax of ten dollars per thousand.
On all cisrareltcrf, cheroots, and cigars, th  market
value of which, exclusive of the tax. is over twenty
dollars and not over forty dollars per thousand, a tax
of twenty dollaisper thousand.
On ali cigarettes, cisrars, and cheroots, the market
value of which, exclusive of the tax. is over forty
dollars per thousand, a tax of forty dollars per thou-
sand.
The tobacco raised in Ohio and other west-
ern States generally known ;is ■"seed-leaf" is
used mainly for smoking-tobacco (cutand dry)
and common cigars, it is not employed in the
manufacture of chewing-tobacco or line cigars,
which are made from the more expensive Ha-
vana and Connecticut tobacco. The present
law was not only oppressive but ruinous and
destructive to the growth and manufacture of
western tobacco. The reason of this is pre-
sented in a preamble and resolution of the
General Assembly of Ohio, adopted February
10, 1800, as follows:
" Whereas by enacfShent of the Congress of the last
session, the excise upon cigars is levied at the uni-
form late of ten dollars per thousand; and whereas
this rule com pels Ohio seed-leal—worth in the maiket
ten cents per pound—to pay a tax of tour bundled
and fitty per cent, ad v^'dortm, while Connecticut to-
bacco—the ma] ket price of which is twenty cents per
pound—pays only two hundred and twenty-hve p{ r
cent., and imported Havana tobacco—rated «U SI 50
per pound — pays only thirty-three per cent.: and
whereas this discrimination against the product of
Ohio and other western States hascut otVthedemand
for and if continued is likely to put a stop to the
growing of tobacco in these 8tat es:%and whereas tnis
rutc levies the heaviest per cent, of taxation on Oi.it
kind of tobacco mainly used by the class loa-t able
to pny, and touches but lightly the high-piiced luxury
ot the richer clu>s: Therefore,
" B>' it waived by the General Awcmbfy of the State
of Ohio, That the present rule of assessing' the inter-
nal revesue on cigar*} is unequal, unjust, and oppress-
