1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2749
iye to the agricultural interest of this State: and that
our Senators and Representatives in Congres^. he,
and hereby are, earnestly requested to use their in-
fluence to secure such a change in the law as shall
levy a tax ad valorem, or such other modification as
in their judgment will remove the objection herein
urged against the present law."
The result of the law has been that as it
requires nearly the same labor to make a thou-
sand cigars front tobacco of high or low price,
while the tax is the same on all alike, the lat-
ter or western tobacco is effectually driven out
of the market.
This is by no means an insignificant branch
of industry. The report of the commissioner
of statistics of Ohio for the year 1804 shows a
product of tobacco as follows:
County. Povnd
Montgomery  7,720,223
Belmont.  2,24K,94-f
Brown 2,634,503
Clermont  1,006,756
Greene 1,319,013.
Miami  1,045,151
Morgan  1.761.369-
Monroe  8.361.603
Noble  4.3M.168
Preble      1,114.029
Warren  1,400,516
Washington  1,516,516
Butler   887,441
Dmke  52S.1S9
Guernsey •.  869,282
Hocking  334,191
Shelby  321,121
Highland  242,115
Lawrence  268,512
Athens  633,370
Ashtabula  283.695
Hamilton  119.203
The third congiessional distiiet raised Jl,121,209
Total in State 37,022.323
There are a number of other counties that
produce large amounts.
One of the most intelligent men of my dis-
trict, who fully understands this subject, writes
me:
"Your own district loses money to the amount of
$200,000 this year by this single enactment, "while
Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, andMiehigan. all States that,
grow low-prieed tobacco lose millions of dollars.
Give us an at/ valorem tax on cigars, and immediately
the low-priced tobacco of the West (now excluded by
the product of New England and the South, which
have had a common interest) will come into market.
Now itis lotting in our lields aud tobacco-houses.
"More than this, the Government, by this change,
will get more revenue, because the amount of cigars
consumed will be much greater. Now low-priced
cigars, always used in the greatest number, are almost
excluded, but under an wlvaloremt ax they will again
be freely manufactured and largely consumed."
One effect of the law has been that large
amounts of western tobacco have been used for
smoking in the leaf unmanufactured. In this
form it has been sold and extensively con-
sumed, thus affording no revenue to the Gov-
ernment. An ad valorem tax properly adjusted
would permit the manufacture into cut-and-dry
smoking-tobacco, and thus a largo revenue
would be derived. The Tobacco Cutters' As-
sociation, of Michigan, in their memorial to
Congress say :
"Worn facts ascertained, we find that farmers and
others have been (owing to the high price ofsmokmg
caused in consequcnceofthehigh rate of tax) laigely
engaged in growing and preparing tobacco for tlieir
own use, thereby iesseningtho arnouut of revenue the
Government would otherwisoderivefromthatsoiu'co,
besides tending, in a great; degree to injure the busi-
ness of the manufacturers."
And the effect of the law has been well
described by the memorial of an Ohio Tobacco
Growers' Association, as follows:
"In addition to this unhappy feature in the present
law, an cquallyinjurious change was madoinmaking
the tax on smoking, cut of stems-tilteen cents, while
on all other kinds thirty-five cents was placed. By
this untortunatc stroke, all smoking cut out of any-
thing else than stems, was effectually prohibited, and
all homo demand for lugs and common Ohio seed
out of which the article had been cut before, was
killed; and cutters, that before run fromonetothiee
machines, and used from one to three hogsheads of
lugs per day ill smoking, have not run a machine or
cut a hogshead since, and are now accumulating
much capital of unavailable 'shorts' that necessa-
rily grew out of the making of chewing—cut. By
these changcsin the previous taw, seed leaf declined
liom eighteen and twenty cents to six aud eight, and
]M- ■ from eleven and (hirtoen to six and seven, en-
tailing looses on the districts producing these styles
and gradesof'severalmilliondollars. llomedemand
being thus cut off, our growers of the styles named
were bound hand and foot, and turned over to the
tender mercies of Europe for a market.
"As a set-off to this picture of depression,we merely
mention that, by the same change, that tax on Con-
necticut and Havana cigars was reduced at fifteen
dollars, and Connecticut seed leaf went up from
eighteen and twenty-two to thirty and thirty-five."
The present bill is a great improvement on
the law as it now stands; but if the tax of
twenty cents per pound on smoking-tobacco is
levied, it will with the cost of the raw material
and of manufacturing so enhance the price to
the consumer that the leaf in its unmanufac-
tured state will be largely consumed by many,
and it will so approximate the price of cigars
that smoking-tobacco will be comparatively,
driven out of the market. For the interests of
the revenue and of the producer, the manufac-
turer and the consumer, I will urge the first
amendment proposed by my colleague, [Mr.
ScitfcACK.]
I am aware that a reduction from thirty-five
cents, the rate now fixed by law, to twenty
cents, as proposed by the bill, is an improve-
ment, but the rate proposed by my colleague of
ten cents per pound is decidedly prefeiable.
This is absolutely necessary if we would per-
mit the use of western tobacco in the manu-
factured state, cut and dry for smoking.
But the present law, so far as it relates to
common cigars, is equally destructive to the
production of western tobacco. Under the pres-
ent law the tax per cent., as paid by three
distinct kinds of tobaccos, is as follows, allow-
ing twenty pounds of tobacco for one thou-
sand cigars: twenty pounds Havana, at SI 55,
equals thirty-one dollars, which, at ten dollars
tax, is equal to thirtj'-three per cent,; twenty
pounds Connecticut, at twenty-two and a half
cents, equals $4 50, which, at ten dollars tax,
is equal to two hundred and twenty per cent,;
twenty pounds New York, Pennsylvania, and
Ohio, at eleven cents, equals S'2 20, which, at
ten dollars tax, is equal to four hundred and
fifty per cent.
I object to the present law so far as it relates
to western tobacco, because—
1. It is unjust in principle. Western tobacco
is worth from six to eleven cents tier pound,
while Connecticut is worth twenty-two. To
require the same tax on all alike is a discrimi-
nation against the low-priced article.
2. It has operated practically to destroy the
product of western tobacco.
The Ohio association, before referred to, in
their memorial say :
" The particular depression for which we think the
lawc'enrly rerpon.-ible relates to Ohio seed leaf and
Kentucky lugs. By making the tax on all trrades
of cigars ten dol'ars, cigars made of Ohio seed leaf,
which w et e dear befoi eat thii teendollai s, had seven
dol'ars additional tax put on them, and with it a
complete extinguisher on their sales. And as the
manufacture of these Cigars furnished demand for
the bulk of the Ohio seed used in the United States,
with the destruction of this trade almo-t ail demand
for Ohio ceased, and not one ease of Ohio seed has
been used since, where before a hundred lound eon-
sumption; and prices of tho article went down ac-
coidmgly."
"The inequality andinjustice ofthi« tax isrendily
secn, andweie it not lor the fact that all sale^of Ohio
seed, for home consumption, had entirely ceased,
perhaps our people, with their boundless resomees,
might still rest satisfied, making a virf.uc ol neces-
sity, change their farm products, let their tobacco
houses go to destruction."
3. The destruction of the western product
diminishes the national revenue from tobacco.
It will be seen the bill of the Committee of
Ways and Means proposes to remedy the in-
justice of the present law by levying a tax
of four dollars per thousand on ail cigars the
market, value of which, tax included, is not
over ten dollars per thousand, and on all other
cigars a tax of ten dollars per thousand. Only-
two grades of tax are proposed.
Now, let us inquire what will be the effect
of this. Cigars made of Connecticut tobacco
will cost less than ten dollars per thousand
and will pay a tax of four dollars per thousand.
Cigars made of Ohio and other western tobueeo
will cost less than ten dollars per thousand
and they will pay a tax of four dollars per
thousand. Western tobacco worth from seven
to ten cents per pound will pay as much tax
as Connecticut worth twenty-two. The tax will
fall on the producer mainly, for it will require
nearly the same labor to manufacture common
cigars of western tobacco as the finer cigars of
Connecticut tobacco. This unequal tax will
enable eastern manufacturers to sell the finer
cigars so nearly the price of those made of
western tobacco that common cigars of west-
ern tobacco will be driven from the market, or
produced only to be consumed unmanufac-
tured, or cut and dry, or exported at ruinous
rates. Will any gentleman tell me why this
diserimination should bo made against western
or low-priced tobacco? Or why should com-
mon cigars pay as much tax as the fancy " ci-
garettes" or the cigars "inclosed in a wrap-
per or binder?" The amendment proposed by
rny colleague will remedy all this inequality.
It proposes to adopt the rule of equality by
classifying cigars and thus approximating an
ad valorem tax. It will tax common cigars^-
two dollars per thousand; a finer article foui§
dollars per thousand. Still finer classes re- '
spectively ten, twenty, and forty dollars per
thousand: these last classes being generally
manufactured by Havana fillers and Connect-
icut wrappers. The general scope of the
amendment is to protect the home article and
to give the western product a living chance
along with the eastern.
There are some other particulars in which I
hope the bill reported by the committee will be
changed, though I cannot advert to thetn all
now. It proposes to tax manufactures of flax,
hemp, jute, and silk five per cent, ad valorem.
The manufactures of flax, jute, and hemp are
in their infancy and cannot bear tax at all. A
tax is equivalent to their destruction. The pro-
duction of flax and hemp is one of the agri-
cultural interests of the West which should not
be destroyed by taxation, but rather encouraged.
Silk is a luxury and can bear a tax higher than
ordinary articles which enter into daily con-
sumption. By this bill diamonds, emeralds,
precious stones, and jewelry are only taxed live
percent, .while thread, candles, leather, screws,
and many other articles are taxed an equal
rate. This, in my judgment, is wrong. Let
diamonds, jewelry, and ail articles of unneces-
sary ornament or luxury bear at least double
the tax if not still more, as I would make it,
than that imposed on articles of ordinary con-
sumption or necessity.
By the present law the tax on incomes over
$GOO and under $5,000 is five percent., and
on incomes over $5,000 the tax is greater.
The bill now before us levies one uniform rate
on all incomes over SI.000. I have two objec-
tions to this. I would tax incomes over 3-3,000
greater than those of a less sum. The discrim-
ination is founded on the greater capacity of
the wealthy to pay and not on any hostility to
capital. The amount of income exempt from
tax should not be fixed at a uniform sum but
should depend on the number and age of chil-
dren each head of a family might have to sup-
port. The exemption is designed for the sup-
port of families, and the amount of it should
be made to depend on the number of the family.
A man like John Rogers. with "nine small
children and one at the breast.'1 needs and
should have a greater sum exempt than one
who has rendered the country no such ser-
vice and has no equal need tor income exempt.
There are some axioms of noiitieal economy
which should not be overlooked. Taxation
should mainly be levied upon wealih rea'izod
in the form of property or incomes rather than
upon the sources of productive wealth, the
means by which wealth is created. Ilence it
has always been regarded unwise to cast oner-
ous burdens on useful labor or industry in any
form, upon the mechanic, the producer, the
artisan, and the laborer. A tax upon the im-
plements or products of useful labor discour-
ages industry and impairs the production of
wealth. The necessities of a nation may he
such as to require a resort to taxes of tins
description to a limited extent, but when this
may be so they should be levied with great
discrimination.
There is a class of products which may, under
these or other circumstances, be properly taxed,
and sometimes heavily taxed.- Mere articles
