1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3709
and afterward it provided that in case that con-
sent was not given the law should be null and
void. Does that make a delegation of legisla-
tive power? All the forms of legislative en-
actment were observed; but the going into
operation of the aet, so to speak, was to de-
pend upon a contingency. There is nothing
more common in legislation than that the legis-
lative body enacts a law, but provides that in
the happening of a certain contingency the law
shall not be operative. It is so in all your
school-district laws in almost every State in
this Union ; and in many other respects. The
law was perfect. It is just the same thing in
principle as if Virginia had been claiming
$100,000 from the Government of the United
States, and the Congress of the United States
had passed an act declaring that • $100,000
should be paid out of any money in the Treas-
ury to the State of Virginia, provided that if
A B, who is hereby appointed arbitrator in
the case, shall report that nothing is due to the
State of Virginia, then this act shall be null
and void. It amounts to that, and nothing
more.
But the case cited was this: property was
levied upon in the State of New York for the
payment of a school tax; that tax was levied
under a particular act of the Legislature of
New York; suit was brought by the person
whose property was taken to recover the value
of the property so taken, and judgment given
in favor of the plaintiff; the defendant took an
appeal, and the judgment was affirmed. But
why was it affirmed? Were the provisions of
the act of New York the same as the provis-
ions of the act of Congress in reference to the
retrocession of that portion of the District of
Columbia called Alexandria to Virginia? No,
sir; but New York passed no law at all. The
tenth section of her act declared:
" The electors shall determine by ballot at the an-
nual clcction, to be held in November next, whether
this act shall or shall not become a law."
It did not pass any law; it left it to the peo-
ple to pass a law. The Congress of the United
States did not leave it to the people of Alex-
andria to say whether the aet of retrocession
should become a law or not; but they said it
was the law, and they provided that if the peo-
ple of Alexandria did not wish to go under the
jurisdiction of the State of Virginia, but wished
to continue under the jurisdiction of Congress,
in that contingency the law should pot operate.
It was a covenant. The act of Congress and
the acceptance by the State of Virginia be-
came a compact between Congress and the
State of Virginia; the one to give and the other
to accept a grant of land; and they agreed
that that grant should be operative in case the
people of Alexandria assented to it. The peo-
ple of Alexandria did assent to it. The terms
of the compact and the agreement between the
Government of the United States and the State
of Virginia were complete and perfect when
that assent was made. And now, after twenty
years' enjoyment of the benefits of that con-
tract by both parties, one of the parties comes
into this high court, if I may so speak, and
attempts to avoid the performance of its part
of the co\ enant and contract, and of its own
motion, without consulting the other party, at-
tempts to annul its agreement upon the ground
that the high contracting party now attempting
to annul it had no right or authority to enter
into the compact.
Sir, if the Congress of the United States had
no authority to enter into this compact or agree-
ment, there is a tribunal known to the law that
can test the matter. Why should one party
step in and say, "We absolve ourselves from
allthe obligations of this contract and will not
consult you about it" when there is an impar-
tial tribunal open alike to each party? Why
should this Government undertake to tear its
seal from the bond without consulting the other
partv to the bond? It is seen now, even in the
Senate of the United States, that Senators dif-
fer on the subject. Men, whose profession it
has been to study the law, whose business it
has been for years to try to master the princi-
ples of the law, differ in reference to the prin-
ciples of law involved in this case. You have
the distinguished Senator from Maryland, than
whom no man stands higher in the legal pro-
fession in this country, expressing no doubt at
all in reference to the constitutionality of that
act; and you find the distinguished Senator
from New York and others who have adorned
the bench differing with him in opinion. There
being this difference of opinion, then, what does
propriety, what does justice say ought to be
done? One party should not step in and un-
dertake to determine it for itself, but it should
appeal to a tribunal which stands impartial as
between the parties. The case should go to
the courts as it now stands, without either party
attempting to alter the status of the case. Do
that and 1 have no doubt the people of Alex-
andria will be satisfied.
We have been told that the mass of the peo-
ple of Alexandria are in favor of this bill. I
have bnkvery 1 if tie acquaintance in the city of
Alexandria, and was never there but once in
my life; but I have met with gentlemen from
there since this bill has been before Congress,
an'd they tell me very differently indeed. Of
the persons born on the soil, the real inhabit-
ants of the place, I am told that nine tenths,
if not more, are opposed to the passage of this
bill. We all know that since the war people
have gone from other sections and squatted
about temporarily wherever they thought there
was a chance to make money. They are birds
of passage, here to-day and gone to-morrow—
men flowing all over with patriotism, and want-
ing to change the condition of the people among
whom they go. Such persons may want to
enjoy the benefits of a congressional govern-
ment; but I am told that the substantial men,
the native inhabitants of the place, are utterly
opposed to this measure. If you pass this act,
do not pass it with a i iew of punishing those
people. Heaven knows they have suffered
enough. Allow your citizens, and the other
citizens who are there temporarily, or who are
there permanently, to go to an adjoining room
in this Capitol, and there ask the judges of the
Supreme Court of the United States what is
the law in this matter, and I have no doubt
both parlies will be satisfied.
Mr. President, I have engaged the attention
of the Senate much longer than I had intended.
I had no idea when I rose of entering into ques-
tions of a political character, but somehow or
other those questions are dragged into every
subject which comes before the Senate, and I
have been guilty of the impropriety of imi-
tating an example which lrfy judgment does
not approve.
Mr. CONNESS. If there is no chance of
getting to a vote on this bill to-night. I should
like to call up some other business: and there-
fore I shall move to postpone the consideration
of this bill at the present time.
Mr. WADE. I hope not. ' Let us dispose
of it now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Several of us want to
make speeches on the subject.
Mr. WADE. I am in hopes of getting a vote
on this bill to-day.
Mr. GRIMES. Let us have an executive
session.
Mr. WADE. If you postpone this matter
now, you will have this debate all over again.
I hope if wo can take a vote now that we shall
be allowed to take it. If there is to be further
debate I will not resist its postponement.
Mr. DAVIS. I should like to say a few words
further on this bill. It. is not my purpose to
occupy much time; but I should like to engage
the attention of the Senate for a I'Sw moments.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let us have an execu-
tive session.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no objection to that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clakk
in the chair.) The bill is before the Senate as
in Committee of the Whole.
' Mr. CONNESS. I move that the further
consideration of the bill be postponed until
to-morrow.
Mr. WADE. I hope it will not be postponed,
but that it will be left as the unfinished busi-
ness to come up to-morrow. If we go into
executive session, what is the object of post-
poning it?
Mr. CONNESS. I propose to postpone it in
order to have an opportunity to take up some
other business.
Mr. WADE. I object to that. I hope we
shall not postpone this bill now to take up
other business.
Mr. CONNESS. If the Senator from Ohio
and the Senate will consent to lay this bill aside-
informally, so that I may call up a Senate bill
that has been returned from the House of Rep-
resentatives with amendments, for the purpose
of acting on those amendments, I will then
agree to go into executive session.
Mr. WADE. I have no objection to that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California asks unanimous consent to lay
aside the bill before the Senate and proceed to
other business. Is there any objection?
Mr. HOWARD. I object until the Senator
informs us wlmt it is.
Mr. CONNESS. A California bill that was
passed by the Senate, and has been returned
from the House of Representatives with amend-
ments.
Mr. HOWARD. Will it occasion debate?
Mr. CONNESS. No, sir; I merely desire
to get action on the amendments made by the
House of Representatives. It will take but a
momenj.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to ask what has been
done with the subject that was under discus-
sion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is before
the Senate and at the control of the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. AY ell, sir, I would as lief say
what I have to say now as at any other time.
" Mr. CONNESS. I move that the bill under
consideration be postponed until to-morrow at
one o'clock, and be made.the special order for
that hour. That will be equivalent to leaving
it as the unfinished business, and the Senate
can do as it pleases to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
LAND TITLES IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. CONNESS. I now move to take up
the measure which I have indicated.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the amendments of the
House of Representatives to the bill (S. No.
343) to quiet titles in California.
The first amendment was on page 1, line
sixteen, section one, after the words " mineral
land,'' to insert1' or to any land held or claimed
under any valid Mexican or Spanish grant;"
so that the proviso will read:
Provided, That do selection made by said State con-
trary to existing laws shall bo confirmed by tins aet
for land1! to which any adverse preemption, home-
stead, or other right has, at the date of the passago
of this act, been acquired by any settler wilder the
laws of the United States, or to any lands which havo
been reserved for naval, military, or Indian purposes
by the United States, or to any mineral land, or to
any land held or claimed under any valid Mexican
or Spanish grant, or to any land which, at the time
of the passage of this act, was included within the
limits of any city, town, or village, or within the
county of San 3?rancisco.
The next amendment was on page 5, line
nine, section seven, to strike out the words
"conterminous proprietors."
The next amendment was on the same page,
in section seven, line sixteen, after the word
"office," to insert "joint enft-ies being admis-
sible by conterminous proprietors to such an
extent as will enable them to adjust their re-
spective boundaries; provided, that the pro-
visions of this section shall not be applicable
to the city and county of San Francisco; pro-
vided, that the right to purchase herein given
shall not extend to lands containing mines of
gold, silver, copper, or cinnabar."
The next amendment was in section eight,
line five, to strike out the word " made " and
insert " requested within ten months from the
passage of this act."
The next amendment was on page C, sec-
tion eight, line eleven, to strike out the word
"made" and insert "requested."
