3710
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
The next amendment was in tho same sec-
tion, lines twelve and thirteen, to strike out.
the words " six months after sueh final con-
firmation," and to insert "ten months after the
passage of this act or any final confirmation
hereafter made."
The next amendment was in the same sec-
tion, line fifteen, after the word "the," to
insert "expiration of ten months from the."
The next amendment was in the same sec-
tion, line fifteen, after the word "confirma-
tion," to insert "hereafter made."
The next amendment was to add at the end
of section eight the following: " provided, that
nothing in this act shall be construed so as in
any manner to interfere with the rights of bona
fide preemption claimants.''
The next amendment was to add to section
nine, at the end of the bill, the following pro-
viso:
Provided, however. That from decrees of tho dis-
trict courts, as aforesaid, made after July 1,1865, and
prior to the passage of this act, an appeal maybe
taken to the united States circuit court for the State
of California within one year from the approval of
this act: Provided, That in any such case in which
an appeal may be taken under the provisions of this
section the said circuit court shall not be precluded
by the terms of the decree of confirmation, or by rea-
son of any clerical mistake therein, from determin-
ing tho boundaries of tho land claimed in accord-
ance with tho original grant and the real justice and
merits of the case.
Mr. CONNESS. The amendments have
been considered separately by tho members of
the Committee on Public Lands. I move that
the Senate concur in all the amendments except
the last one.
'The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. Now, in regard to the last
amendment, I move that the Senate non-concur.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chan-
will put the question in the affirmative, "Will the
Senate concur?
The amendment was non-concurred-in.
union pacific railroad.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to take up for con-
sideration Senate joint resolution No. 125.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 125) granting the right
of way through military reserves to the Union
Pacific Railroad Company and its branches
was considered as in Committee of tho Whole.
It proposes to grant, subject to the approval by
the President, the right of way, one hundred
feet in width, and the necessary grounds for
■ depots, stations, shops, &c., to the Union Pa-
cific Railroad Company and tho companies con-
structing the branch roads connecting there-
with, for the construction and operation of
their roads over and upon all military reserves
through which they may pass; and the Presi-
dent is also authorized to set apart to the
Union Pacific Railway Company, eastern di-
vision, twenty acres of the Fort Riley military
reservation for depot and other purposes in the
bottom opposite Riley City; also fractional
section one on the west side of the reserva-
• tion, near Junction City, for the same purposes;
and also to restore, from time to time, to the
public domain, any portion of the military re-
serve over which the Union Pacific railroad or
any of its branches may pass, and which shall
not be required for military purposes; the same
when so restored to be subject, to existing Jaws
concerning public lands, in the same manner
that they would have been if the reserves had
never been made; but the President is not to
permit the location of any such railroad or the
diminution of any such reserve in any manner
so as to impair its usefulness for military pur-
poses, so long as it shall be required therefor.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to suggest a verbal
amendment, to strike out the word "the" be-
fore ''approval," in line three, so as to read,
" subject to approval by the President."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be made if there be no objection.
Mr. BROWN. I rather think this joint res-
olution ought to be referred to a committee, or
else we ought to have some explanation of it
from the Senator who has presented it.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not deem it necessary
to refer this joint resolution to any committee.
It simply grants the right of way to the Union
Pacific Railroad Company across military re-
serves wherever the line shall run through those
reserves, under such rules and regulations as
the President of the U nited States shall approve.
It is necessary particularly in regard to the
military reserve at Fort Riley. The company
now at work there in constructing the eastern
division of the Union Pacific railroad find it
necessary to have such a law as this passed in
order to enable them to pass through that
reservation.
Mr. GRIMES. I inquire how-much land is
embraced in "fractional section one" on the
west side of the Fort Riley military reservation
"near Junction City."
Mr. HOWARD. I am not able to inform the
Senator as to the exact amount, but no more
is to be occupied by the road than is necessary
for the accommodation of the line and its ne-
cessary buildings. Of course it will be for the
Department to see to it that no more is taken
than is absolutely necessary for the road.
Mr. SHERMAN. Has this resolution ever
been referred to any committee? *
Mr. FESSENDEN. It seems not.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not deem it necessary
to refer it at this period of tho session.
Mr. SHERMAN. The twenty acres of land
granted at Fort Riley may be of immense value.
It seems to me the resolution ought to be ex-
amined by a committee.
Mr. GRIMES. It not only grants twenty
acres of land at Fort Riley, but it also grants
a fractional section, which may be one hundred
acres er six hundred acres. It certainly ought
to go to the Military Committee, that they may
let us know what the War Department has to
say about the propriety of cutting up this mil-
itary reserve. I make that motion, that the
joint resolution bo referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope it will not be
referred.
Mr. CONNESS. It will not delay it ma-
lerially.
Mr. HOWARD. It will delay it so that it
will not be passed at this session. 1 hope the
resolution will be passed at once without a
reference
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Iowa
to commit the joint resolution to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
georgetown aqueduct.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move to take up for
consideration the bill (S. No. 895) relating to
the aqueduct bridge of the Alexandria Canal
Company over tho Potomac river at George-
town, in the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES.. I move now that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The motion was agreed to ; and after some
time spent in executive session the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, July 10, 18CC.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain. Rev. C. B, Boyntox.
On motion of Mr. RICE, of Maine, by unan-
imous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
personal explanation.
Mr. LE BLOND. I ask unanimous consent
to make a personal explanation.
There was no objection.
Mr. LE BLOND. Mr. Speaker, some days
ago, after the honorable gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. Harris] had concluded his very
able speech in which he asserted the right of
secession and that the States lately in rebellion
were out of the Union and required an enabling
act before they could be represented in Con-
gress, I deemed it proper as a Democrat to
repudiate the doctrine he enunciated. In doing
so I said that the Democratic party differgd
from him as well as from the honorable gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] and
his coadjutors. I said substantially that, we
held, before, during, and since the war, that a
State once in the Union is always in, unless
the bonds were broken by successful revolu-
tion.
On last Friday the honorable gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] rose to a personal
explanation growing out of my remarks. It
is difficult to determine whether the object of
that explanation was to sugar-coafhis offensive
doctrine that it might be more easily taken by
the people, or to relieve himself of a surplus
of venom against the President which had ac-
cumulated-during his brief illness. If the lat-
ter, I trust he has found relief, without, I am
sure, doing the least injury to the Executive ;
but if the former, then he has added one more
testimonial to the truth that an error needs
constant support to make it believed by the
people, while truth carries with it its own con-
viction to the heart of every man.
On the 4th of December, 18G2, the gentleman
from Pennsylvania introduced into Congress a
series of resolutions, the first of which reads
as follows:
"Resolved, That this Union must bo and remain
one and indivisible forever."
It will be remembered that at that time all
the States had passed their ordinances of se-
cession, armies were organized, and battles
had been fought. If, then, their "declara-
tions" carried them out, they were out before
the honorable gentleman resolved that this
Union "must remain one and indivisible for-
ever." If he meant that their acts of war
carried them out, then I say that their armies
had not been overthrown, and there were bet-
ter reasons for saying that the Union was dis-
solved than to say it now when they are com-
pletely disarmed. The Union must remain
one and indivisible forever," said the distin-
guished gentleman ; and now, when the rebel-
lion is overthrown, he says that the Union is
severed and shall so remain until the sovereign
will of his party decrees otherwise. But the
honorable gentleman says in his explanation
that—
"Because I have declared that tho confederate
States hod by their acts and declarations placed them-
selves outside the Union (at our election) gentlemen
have asseitec? that it admitted tho light cf seces-
sion. lie is a very stupid man who cannot discern
between the existence of a crime and its justifica-
tion."
Sir, if these States are out of the Union they
are out by the force of their ordinances of seces-
sion, and not by their acts of war, for in the
latter they were finally unsuccessful. If out
by their ordinances it must be because they had
the reserved right to go out, and the gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. Harris] and the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania'[Mr. Stevens] are
right in asserting that they are out. A State
acts through its representatives, and the rep-
resentatives are circumscribed in their action
by the constitution and laws of the State and
the United States. The State constitution
and laws are at all times subordinate to the
Constitution and laws of tho Federal Gov-
ernment. If then the representatives of these
States exercised rightful authority in the pas-
sage of their ordinances of secession they are
out by their declarations.
But, sir, the party to which I have the honor
to belong holds the converse of the proposition
to be true. They had no authority to pass any
ordinance of secession, and not having any
authority under the Federal Constitution or in
the reserved rights of the States, those ordi-
nances were a nullity, and leaves the Union,
in the language of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] in his more patriotic
days, "one and indivisible forever." But the
gentleman says "he is a very stupid man who
cannot discern between the existence of a
crime and its justification." I grant it, and
he must be more than stupid who will day
after day assert that a State, a coiporation, a
