1790
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
The report was read, as follows:
Tho ComnnUee oil Military Affairs, to whom was
reiorieclfhe jouif resolution for the relief of Hans
Seivei's, formerly a private in company A, fourteenth
regiment of Iowa T  olunteer infanti"*, and the papers
relating thereto, have had the same under consider-
ation and 1 eport:
That they find the fact? in the case of the peti-
tioner to be as follows: the said Hans Scivers en-
listed as a private in company A, fourteenth regiment
Iowa, volunteer infantry, and was mustered into ser-
vicein November, 1862, receiving in advance twenty-
five dollars of the §100 bounty provided bylaw at that
time. Onthcllthof May, 18G3, while standing guard
at Cairo, Illinois, ho was wounded by the accidental
discharge of a gun, caused by the falling of a stack
of amis near his-beat. By this injury he suiYcrCtl the
total loss of his left hand, and on this account he was
di^charsed from service at Jefferson barracks, Mis-
souri, about July 13,1S6*. lie afterwards applied for
the seventy-live dollars remaining unpaid of his
bounty, but his claim was refused, the Pavmaster
General deciding that "under the net of March 3,
18(55, lie is not entitled to the bounty claimed, it ap-
pearing from the evidence that the wound causing
the discharge wasnot the rcsultof hostilities actually
going on at the time.''
The committee were not able to comprehend how
such a. con&ti action could be put upon the law by the
accounting and disbursing officers of the Government
as would depiive the petitioner, under the circum-
stam-cs ot his case, of the unpaid remainder of his
bount}r. The committee are of opinion that the case>
is one coming clearly within the saving provision of
the fourth section of March 3,18G5, and they do not
understand how the language of that section could
well have been made broader or more general tor
such purpose. With this view, they made applica-
tion to the Paymaster General for an explanation of
the giounds of his decision in this and Minilar cages'.
The result of thi-s inquiry w:e- t haMirh limif ation of
the benefits of the law was not in accordance with
any judgment or construction of its meaning by that
ofhecr hin^elf, but <hat he decided under what he
conceived to be the controlling authority of a letter
of instruction on this subject liom the proper olhcer
of the Ti-M-ury Department. A cupv of tliaf letter
was furnished to the committee, and is as follows:
TlilMSURY Pr.PARTXTFXT,
Second Comptroller's Oilier:, May 10,3SG5.
Sir: In construing the fourth section of the act of
March 3, lftti.3, in relation to calling out the national
forces, (l.'>vStatuto«,4SS,)iti^ neee^aryto bear in mind
that to entitle a soldier to bounty, the wound for
which he may be discharged must be a direct result
or necessary incident of his military „-ci vice.
He is entitled to the bounty of his full term, if ho
be discharged by reason of "wounds received in bat-
tle, on skirmish, on picket, or in action, or in the lme
of duty,but it mu-.l behi the line of hi^ duty as a
soldier, not in the peaceful occupation ot a citizen.
An enlisted man acting as blacksmith, and kicked
by a vicious hoi.^e while .shoeing the animal, is not
entitled to bounty on discharge for an injury thus re-
ceived. Nor is a soldier who is assisting to make a
bridge, and is wounded by the rolling of a log upon
him, entitled under the law to bounty.
These injuries are as likely to happen to a citizen
as to a soldier, and are by no means the wounds for
which bounty is awnided.
The. wounds for which bounty is provided must be
the consequence of hostilities actually going on at the
time, whether m battle or by tiring on pickets, at-
tacks of sruei rill a^, A:c., and anv injury received under
such eirctuushmces of sufficient gravity to c.iu^e the
soldieif-dischai go from the military service, is a wound
within the meaning ol the law.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. M. JJIIODUEAD,
Second Co/njjtrollcr.
lion. E. B. French, Second. Auditor Treasury.
Official copy:
B. W. PRICE, Paymaster General.
lluled, February 8, ISO:).
Witnoat < omment on what they regard as the very
uiiNttisfactoiv and illogical reasoning ol this letter
ot tiie Second Comptroller, or on the inaptne--s of the
illustrations by which he seeks to sustain that i*ea-
soning, the committee have concluded to propose
such declaratory legislation as will remove all doubt
on the subject. For this purpose the accompanying
joint resolution is introduced, and its passage recom-
mended.
The joint resolution was read, as follows:
RfftotvM by the Senate and House uf Represent at Lr.es,
That the true intent and meaning of the words " or
m the line of duty," used in the fourth section of the
actappiovedMarcho. Mi->, entitled "Anactio amend
the several acts heretofore pa-'scd to provide for the
einolhng and calling out >>f national forces and for
other pnrpo-cs," require^ that the benefit of the pro-
vision uf said sectionsii.il! be extended to any enlisted
man or other person entitled by law to bounty who
ha-' been or may be discharged bj' reason of wounds
received while actually m service under military or-
ders. not at the time on parole or leave of absence,
nor engaged m any unlawful or unauthorized act or
pursuit.
Mr. SCIIENCK moved llieprevious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question, ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution wa^ ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. The committee of confer-
ence on the deficiency bill make the following
report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (II. It. No. 86") making additional appropriations,
and to supply deficiencies in the appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government iortho fiscal
year ending the 30th of June, 1866, and for other pur-
poses, having met, after full and free conference have
agreed to recommend, and do leconuuend, to their
respective Houses as follows:
That the Senate recede from their amendments
numbered three, six and a half, twenty-three, and
twenty-four.
That the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the amendments of the Senate
numbered one, two, four, twelve, fifteen, seventeen,
twenty-one, twenty-two, twenty-five, twenty-six, and
thirty-one, and agree to the same.
That the House of Representatives recede from
their amendment to the seventh amendment of the
Senate and agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the eighth amendment of the Senate and agree to the
same with an amendment, as follows: strike'out all
of said amendment after the word "square" in line
one, and insert in lieu thereof the following words:
"two thousand dollars ;" and the Senate agree to the
some as so modified.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the fourteenth amendment of the Senate and agree
to the same with the following amendment: stiike
out all of said amendment and insert the follow-
ing:
"Formileage of Government engineer from Cin-
cinnati, Ohio, to Omaha, Nebraska, and thence to
Washington, in July, 1,SSJ5, directed by the President
of the United States to examine and report upon
Union Pacific railroad routes west from Omaha, two
thousand /line hundred and two miles, at ten ccnts
per mile, $i2'JU 20.
"Tor mileage of the same from Washington to New
Yoik, and back, in August, 18(35, on account of Union
Pacific railway, two hundred and twenty-five miles
each way, at ten cents per mile, fcl5.
"For cost ot completing bridge over Big Sioux
river, near Sioux City, and Government wagon road
from Sioux City, lowa, to Fort RandalbDakota Ter-
ritory, in addition to former appropriations, $10,000.
"For commutation ot quaitors and fuel to olhcer
ofcorpsot Einnneeis, United States Army, in charge
of Engineer office, Department of thelnterior, agree-
ably to Army regulations from 1st August, 1SKS, to
June.'M, lyOo, to be paid b> Department of the Inte-
rior. agreeably to Army regulations, *1,137 04.
"For contingencies, $2,000."
And the Senate agree to the same.
That the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the nineteenth amendment of
the Senate and agree to the same with the following
amendment: on page 22 of said bill, in lines eighteen
and nineteen, strike out the following words: " to be
expended under the Secretary of thelnterior;" and
the Senate agree to the same.
That tiie Senate iccedc flora their twentv-seventh
amendment, and ao:reefo the eleventh section of the
bill in tiie following words:
"A ndhc itjinthcrenacted, That the proper account-
ing o Hirers of the Tieasury Department be, and they
are hereby, authorized to payA.D. Collingsworth, O.
11. Veddcr, Edward 11. Sherman, Charles C. Adams,
Samuel W.Tinker, J. G. Adams, A. Lengiial, J. C.
Parker, .I. A. Odcll, V. I>arne-\ T. H. Gladman, R.
A. Cronin, T. .X. Adams, J. C. Cieaiy, W. D. Lindsay,
A. Jewett, jr., F. Cochin, 33. C. Farless, J. P. Town-
send, C. W. Udell, J. W. Morchead. S. P. Lee. W.H.
Salter, James Cro^s, J. R. Creed, li. Ik Rourke, E.
A. Lipscomb, Gcoige Cottenham, C. A. Perkins. "\V.
B. Cudlipp, S. S. Baker, J. M. Conroy, O. W. Boyden,
.1. O. Amies, J. Bellows, E.S. Biosa'ms, J. J. Oalvert,
F. G. Calvert, G-. D, Cuitis, W. B. Dyer, I>. A. Fish,
A. II. Gillespie, R. B. Guilhcn. Charles Goheen, II.
Holmes, G. C. llolliday, B. E. iTesaer, E. 0. Messer,
P. Madden. W. McKce, W. H. E. Unvnnd.L. P.Por-
ter, P. W. Pearson, J. L. Rowland, C. "V. Rotterden,
E. J. Schale, E. J\ Sweet, T. J.Schea, J.C.Williams,
J.G-. Wilson, L. K. Brown, J. H. Gunn, 11. A. Dob-
son, J. A. Tdclntiic, V. B. Munson, J. J. Dickens. W.
E. Armes, J. C. Green, Lewis E. Rauterburg, and B.
W. Parsons, employed by the deputy provost marshal
of the District of Columbiain the enrolling office of
said marshal, for night work and special service per-
formed in pursuance of acoiftract between said clerks
and said provost marshal, such accounts being prop-
erly eertilied upon the rolls, or by said deputy pro-
vost maishal, and the sum of i?3,,360, or so much
thereof as may be necessary, is hereby appropriated
out of any nmney in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated therelor/'
And the House agree to the same as so modified.
That the Senate recede from their amendmentnum-
hered twenty-nine, and substitute in lieu thereof the
following: "Provided, That no portrait or likeness of
any living person, hereafter engraved, sua 11 be placed
upon any of the bonds, securities note-;, fj a< (ional or
postal currency of the United States;"' and the House
agree to the same as so modified.
That the Senaterecede from their amendmentnum-
hcred thirty-two so far as to restore the following
words: "to pay II. A. Klopfer for ten months' ser-
vice as a laborer in theofficeof the Attorney General*-
at forty dollars per month, £400."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the Senate amendment numbered thirty-three, and
agree to the same with tho following amendment: in
line fourteen of said amendment, after the word
"thousand" insert the words "five hundred."
W.P.FESSENDEN,
JOHN CONN ESS,
RdSVJGRDY JOHNSON,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
TTIAPDEUS STEVENS,
R.P. SPALDING,
E.B. WASHBURNE,
Managers on the part of the IIousc.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not know that there
is anything in this report which will give rise to
controversy.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. STEVENS. I will yield to the gentle-
man for tho purpose of ashing a question.
Mr. DAVIS. There was one provision in
this bill which the Senate struck out, and upon
which I understand the House committee have
receded.
Mr. STEVENS. What one is that?
Mr. DAVIS. It is in regard to the payment
of $2,500 to Charles B. Stuart.
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, the House has receded
from that. The House were in favor of paying
that claim. The Senate thought it ought to go
to the Committee of Claims. They would not
say that it was unjust, but they wished it inves-
tigated.
Mr. DAVIS. This obligation was incurred
under authority of a resolution of this House,
which authorized the President to appoint this
engineer for the purpose of making a survey
of the Niagara ship-canal and submitting that
survey with his report to this House. The ser-
vice was performed by the officer appointed by
tho President by authority of that resolution.
He made his report, and that report was ac-
cepted by the House. We have had the bene-
fit of all the information contained in that re-
port, and the committee now having charge of
the subject have the benefit of it in their delib-
erations upon the bill pending for the construc-
tion of >the Niagara ship-canal.
Now, I submit that it is bad faith, so far as
this House is concerned, to say that we will send
this man, whose employment wo authorized,
to the Committee of Claims to get his compen-
sation. For one, I hold that wo are in honor
bound to stand to the pledge we made, because
we did pledge him compensation for the ser-
vices he rendered. Inasmuch as we have had
the benefit of Mr. Stuart's report and survey
—and I may say here that it is one worthy of
great consideration and confidence—I think
wo should be willing to pay him for it.
Mr. STEVENS. I thought so, and so did
the committee on the part of tho House, but
inasmuch as the appointment was made not
strictly according to law—because it was made
under a mere resolution of this House—the
Senate did not think they were bound by it.
Although tliey would not say that he ought not
to be paid, they thought the appropriation was
not proper here.
I once examined this report, and I think it a
very able one. I think the engineer showed
great ability, and that he ought to be paid. The
only difficulty is that the Senate thought the
claim ought to go to the Committee of Claims,
and the managers on the part of the House did
not feel justified in standing out. I still think
Mr. Stuart, ought to be paid, and I hope he will
be eventually.
Mr. THAYER. I observe that the proviso
which was adopted by the House in reference
to the portrait gallery upon notes of the Cnited
States has undergone modification which re-
stricts it to the plates which shall be hereafter
engraved. I suppose the object of the modi-
i fication is to avoid the great expense which
would bo incurred in abandoning the plates
already engraved. I desire to ask my colleague
[Mr. Ntkvkxs] if that was the object of the
modification.
Mr. STEVENS. If there had been but one
plate engraved, we should probably have agreed
to the proviso as it passed the House, and got
