1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3711
thing without a soal, without a mind, without
locomotion, can commit a crime and must be
punished. Treason is the highest of crimes
in all Governments; but who except the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevexs] ever
heard of a State committing treason?
Imagine the honorable gentleman acting as
a judge in the trial of the State of Virginia for
treason. Grave, sedate, and dignified as he
is, ho sits upon the judicial bench surrounded
by the sheriff, bailiffs, clerk, and a cordon of
motley witnesses. He directs the sheriff to
bring in the State of Virginia for trial upon an
indictment for treason. How long, think you,
Mr. Speaker, would the venerable judge wait
for inanimate, soulless, speechless Virginia to
come before the bar of the court to plead to
the indictment? All admit treason to be a
crime; but it can only be committed by indi-
viduals, not by corporations, not by States.
All those who voluntarily took part in the
rebellion are guilty of treason, and may be
indicted, tried, and convicted, and there are
none so stupid as not to be able to discern
between the existence of the crime in an indi-
vidual and its justification. But he who can
conceive the idea that a State can commit the
overt act of treason can " see "what is not to be
seen.!: The idea that a State can commit trea-
son is an absurdity, and will require at the hands
of the venerable gentieman from Pennsylvania
daily personal explanations. Now, sir, let us
draw a parallel, and I have done.
The honorable gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. Hauws] says the southern States are out
of the Union by the exercise of their reserved
rights, and the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevisxs] says they are out of the Union
by their "acts" and "declarations/' The for-
mer tays they have no right of representa-
tion, being out of the Union by virtue of the
exercise of their reserved rights. The latter
says they are out of the Union by their acts and
declarations and are not entitled to represen-
tation. The former says that before they are
entitled to representation they must be admitted
into the Union. The latter says that they must
be admitted into the Union by an enabling act
before they are entitled to representation. _ I
leave the public to determine the difference in
effect, if any exist, between those two gentle-
men. We believe that the ordinances of seces-
sion were nullities, and that the States were
never out of the Union. The laws of the Fed-
eral Government were for a time suspended,
but now they are enforced over every foot of
territory and the people are entitled to imme-
diate representation.
leave of absence.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has been re-
quested by the gentleman from Maine, Mr.
Blaixe, to ask leave of absence for him for
the remainder of the session, on account of
indisposition.
Leave was granted.
On motion of Mr. TROWBRIDGE, indefi-
nite leave of absence was granted to Messrs.
Upsox and Beajiax.
tariit bill.
The SPEAKER stated the first business in
order was the unfinished business of yesterday,
Ilouse bill No. 718, to provide increased rev-
enue from imports, and for other purposes,
reported on yesterday from the Committee of
the Whole with amendments; upon which Mr.
Mohmll was entitled to the floor.
Ml-. MORRILL. I yield the floor to the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Wex'tworth.]
Mr. WEXTWORTIL In revising the rev-
enue svstem of this country, we should remem-
ber that the amount paid into onr Treasury dur-
ing the fiscal year ending the 30th June last, is
the largest ever collected by any country. It
nearly reaches $-530,000.000., It is larger by
S150,000,000 than Great Britain over collected.
And as we are acting upon the tariff it may
be well to remember that we have collected
from customs 8170.000,000 in gold. Gold has
averaged 140 through the year. Reducing
this to legal tenders, and our imports have
amounted to $238,000,000. As our custom
revenues, however, have always been collected
in gold, my calculations will all be in gold.
Our receipts from customs before the war
never reached $00,000,000 save in the years
1854, 1850, and 1857; and we all know that
financial disasters followed, which were at-
tributed by some to excessive importations
under an erroneous tariff system. Indeed,
they never reached $50,000,000 save in the
additional years of 1853, 1855, and 1860.
They were, in—•
186 1 $39,000,000
186 2  49,000,000
186 3  69,000,000
1861   102,000,000
1865  84,000,000
And this year they have reached $170,000,000;
more than double those of last year and more
than $100,000,000 in excess of any year but
the last two of our governmental existence.
Our Government is the greatest landed pro-
prietor in the world in its own right, to say
nothing of its interests ia the land of its citi-
zens yet undeveloped. Its lands, richer in their
vegetable mold than the most highly cultivated
lands of the Old World, abounding in the most
valuable timber and water power, are given away
to those who will cultivate them. And yet we
are importing agricultural products. With the
mechanic arts as highly developed aS those of
any country on the globe, we are patronizing
foreign mechanics. Needing laborers, we are
carrying work to foreign labor which starva-
tion would drive to us if we did not go to it.
Here is a wrong which every one will admit
should be remedied. And how shall it be rem-
edied? Every one promptly replies, revise the
tariff. But how shall it be revised? "Hie
labor, hoc opus est." As President Johnson
said of the word " vetoI would inform you,
Mr. Speaker, that this is Latin, and, applied to
the present day, means that nine members of
this House, constitutinjfthe Committee of Ways
and Means, cannot frame revenue bills to suit
everybody. For six months have'we labored
more assiduously than any committee of this
House ever did labor. We have been in ses-
sion mornings, evenings, andholidays, and also
during the sessions of the House. I have de-
voted so much attention to the subject of rev-
enue that I have neglected to introduce a sin-
gle constitutional amendment or to make a
single reconstruction speech, although, like
others, I have had several old ones on hand that
might bearrepeating. Nor have my colleagues
upon the committee been very prolific«in this
respcct. Yet we have all done our full share
of voting; and the Washington Chronicle has
come to the relief of such of us as were in
danger of losing our status on the slavery ques-
tion at home because we did not neglect the
duties assigned us to attend to those satisfac-
torily performed by others.
We labored long and patiently upon the in-
ternal revenue bill. But it did not satisfy this
House. It was amended in important particu-
lars. It then went to the Senate where it was
amended in over six hundred particulars. The
tariff bill now before us, the product of equal
labor, is also unsatisfactory, and has been
amended by the House. Manufacturers de-
nounce it as a free-trade tariff. Commerce
more strongly denounces it as a prohibitory
tariff. Agriculture knows that in many re-
spects it is neither, but regrets that it cannot
make a tariff of its own. For while_ agriculture
is the largest of all interests requiring the fos-
tering care of Government, and does the most
of the tax-paying in peace, aud the most of the
fighting in war, it has ever been, is now, and
and is likely to be, numerically the_ smallest
of all interests in legislative assemblies, l'et j
farmers can judge more disinterestedly of the j
workings of the tariff system than can any other '
class ol' people. A revision of the tariff is
called for as the panacea of the times. But if
a man is very sick and calls a physician, he
does not get much information when the phy-
sician says, take medicine. What medicine
shall be taken, is the inquiry. What revision
shall the tariff have, is our inquiry. To answer
this let us take a fair start; let us find a section
corner and survey from that.
First, we want revenue. And those means
of revenue are the most popular which are the
least felt in collection. I will not argue the
comparative merits of free trade and protec-
tion now, because free trade is an absurdity
unless all other nations favor it; and bceause
our debt and interest are so excessive that we
are now in no situation to favor it if other
nations did. Our few years of experience in
internal taxation demonstrates its injustice and
oppression. That part of it which is inquisi-
torial is as odious as it is cruel. Aged people
may object to a sinking fund, as they think it
is enough for men of their age to be taxed for
interest. But Young America will insist that
the use of stamps, the inspection of private
books, and the publication of annual losses and
gains shali be stopped at the earliest possible
period; and will endure the greatest priva-
tions to get our debt out of the way so that
they shall be stopped. And I believe that the
people will annually the more strongly insist
that such a policy shall be adopted as shall
require no more revenue in this annoying way
than is absolutely necessary to pay our interest
aud gradually extinguish our debt. And the
annually perceptible decrease of our interest
will be an impetus to a liberal sinking fund
and a consequent decrease of inspectors and
inquisitors. With this policy we must pay as
far as practicable the ordinary expenses of our
Government from duties upon imports. And
as those expenses in a time of peace will not
vary much from year to year, we ought to be
able to give all our industrial and business
pursuits what they especially need, a compara-
tively stable tariff.
We can never expect the needed extension
of manufactures to the West until capitalists
have some greater assurance than they here-
tofore have had that the ground upon which
they build at one Congress shall not be taken
from under them at the next. We must have
a permanent tariff policy. If we say that oui
custom duties shall equal our ordinary govern-
mental expenses we have got a starting-point.
It only remains then to say upon what articles
these duties shall be raised, and how much
shall come from luxuries, how much_from ne-
cessities, and how much from articles coming
in competition with those manufactured by our-
selves. A commission composed of one farmer,
one manufacturer, and one commercial man,
upon the doctrine of compensation, could in
time arrange all this, after an average annual
amount has been agreed upon. The interests
that would be represented by these three com-
missioners are inseparable in war as well as in
peace. Commerce nurtures seamen; manu-
factures make the ships and the guns; and
agriculture- furnishes the rations. All I have
in this country shares the fate of agriculture.
I am a farmer, and I believe I could make a
fair bargain for the farmers with the manufac-
turers when the amount to be raised shall be .
agreed upon. I should get the advantages of
a home market, which is a great consideration in
these days of tolls, transhipments, storage, and
commissions. And if I saw an honest differ-
ence between them and myself about the tariff
on hoes, spades, shovels, &c., I would insist
upon compensation by having the duties re-
duced upon some of the foreign articles of prime
necessity to the farmer. I could pay a little
more for my cultivators and mowers it I could
get my tea and coffee a little cheaper; and the
increased demand for these foreign necessities
would helo commerce. Only fix the amount
you want,'live up to it in your appropriations,
and let a sensible and honest commission ap-
portion it to our various interests and localities,
and the tariff would soon cease to be an apple
of discord. In other words, take the tariff out
of politics. Let politicians name the amount
if you please, as our tax-ridden people will
force them to economy. Bat let commerce,
agriculture, and manufactures apportion it.
Is this scheme practicable ? Before the war
we had no internal revenue tax. We paid all
