1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
a n ew one; but the engraving of all those plates
cost about sixty thousand dollars; and it was
found that the engraving of new plates would
stop work for about three months and cost
some SCO,000 more. It was, therefore, thought
belter to let the matter run on until the present
plates wear out, and in the mean time others
can be prepared to meet the views of my col-
league.
Mr. TIIAYER. I desire to say that I think
the action of the committee to have been en-
tirely proper and justifiable under the circum-
sianees; and my only object in calling atten-
tion to the subject wasinorderthatthocountry
might understand the reason for the modifica-
tion made by the committee.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the report of the committee of con-
ference was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report of the committee of
conference was agreed to ; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider bo laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
UIKAM l'AUl/DINO.
Mr. SCHEXCK., by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill for the relief of Hiram Paul-
ding, rear admiral United States Navy ; which
was read a'first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
ASSASSINATION OF PRESIDENT LINCOLN, ETO.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I ask unanimous
consent to submit the following pieuiubie and
resolutions for consideration at this time:
Whereas the President of iho United States did, on
the :-!(! day of Way, m the year 1805, by proclamation
declare and make known that it did then appear
from evidence m thellureau of Military Justice that
the atrocious murder of the late President, Abraham
Lincoln, and the attempted assassination of lion.
William il. Seward, Secretary of State, were incited,
concerted, and piocured by and between .fetl'erson
Davis, late of Richmond. Virginia, and Jacob Thomp-
son, Clement 0. Clay, lJeverly Tucker, Ueorjiio ,N.
Sanders, "William (J. Cteary, and other lelxls and
traitors against! heCovernmcnt of the United States;
and wheieas iho said Jctiersoi^ i)avis, in tho same
month of May, was aj lested by the military forces of
the United Slate-, and has since been held in the
custody thereot nndertlic authority of the President
of the United State: Therefore.
lip, it rejoiced, that the Committee on the Judi-
ciary be liisti ui led to inquire whelhei there is piob-
able cause to behove that any ot tho poisons named
in said proclamation are trinity, ns is m said procla-
mation aliened, and if so, whether au.v legislation is
nece-sary in older to brim? MU-h persons to a speedy
and impaitial trial: and that "aid committee have
power to send to1.' persons and papers.
And br it further resolved. That said committee he
in like manner empowered to inquire whether there
is probable cause to believe that said persons, or any
of them, are guilty of tieason against tho United
States, and whether any legislation is necessary ill
order to brin? such persons to a speedy and impartial
trial in the chstiiet where such crime way have been
commit.! ed.
Mr. ANCONA. T object.
TE.Ml'OUiHl" DUTIES ON IMPORTS.
Mr. MOORIIEAD. I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce a joint resolution to increase
temporarily the duties on imports, which 1
ask to have referred to the Committee on Man-
ufactures.
Mr. ALLISON. I think the joint resolu-
tion should be referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr. MOORIIEAP. I think the Committee
on Manufactures is the appropriate committee.
Mr. ROSS. I object to the introduction of
the joint resolution.
NEW YOltK CONTESTED ELECTION.
The House then resumed the consideration
of the regular order of business after the morn-
ing hour, beins; tho following resolutions re-
ported from the Committee of Elections:
Retailed, That Hen. -James Crook-■ is not entitled
to a scat in tbi: Hons" as a Representative in the
Thh ty-Nint'a Congress from the eighth district in
New York.
li-wtl-vd. That Wil'iam E. Dodse is entitled to a
seat in this House as a Representative m the Thirty-
Ninth Congress from the eighth district in New York.
The following amendment had been moved
by Mr. Marshall:
Strike oat. all after the word "resolved,1' and insert
in lieu thereof tho following:
'That William B. Dodge is not entitled to a seat in
the House as a Representative in tho 'thirty-Ninth
Congress from tho eighth district in New York.
The pending question was upon the motion
of Mr. Garfield to substitute for the amend-
ment of Mr. Marshall the following:
That tho testimony taken as to Hon. James Brooks
he recommitted to tho Committee of Eleotions, with
instructions to report especially tho facts as to tho
custom, under tho laws of New York, of appointing
inspectorsof the registry of clcctionsnotfromthepar-
ticular election districts in which they reside; also,
the facts respecting the verification by Brooks of tho
votes for Brooks'in tho fifteenth district, with power
to send for persons and papers, and power to reinsti-
tuto judicial reexamination in said district.
Mr. SHELLABAKGER. Mr. Speaker, I
shall strive to condense what I have to say in
this case as much as I can, and to that end
have written dowu part of my remarks.
I shall confine my remarks to the facts and
law applicable to the fifteenth district of the
eighteenth ward. 1 leave to others to discuss
the other points of contest.
That I may avoid all discussion of matters
not essential to the right determination of the
case I will admit, for the sake of shortening
111o argument, and only for that sake, the fol-
lowing :
1. That the registers who acted in this dis-
trict were officers de Judo, and able to act for
the public, provided their action be substan-
tially in conformity with law.
2. That a good election can be held in New
York where there is no register or only a fraud-
ulent one.
That a good vote can be cast by one who
is in fact an elector, but who was neither regis-
tered nor proved at the polls to bo a legal vot or.
4. That every law which the majority of the
committee find to have been violated iu this
case was only directory in the matter in which
it was \iolated.
Now, I maintain that if you grant each of
the foregoing propositions, still, upon the facts
and law of this case tho contestant, Mr. Dodge,
is clearly entitled to his seat.
i shall, for tho most pari, content myself
with naked statements of propositions of law
and fact, and if there is to bo elaboration of
argument, 1 shall leave that to the very able
chairman of the commit lee, who has been
charged by the committee with the manage-
ment of the contest in the House.
I now state some general legal propositions
preparatory to the consideration of the facts of
the ease.
J. Where by reason of the gross negligence,
or by reason of the fraud of the officers of tho
election, or even from accident, it has become
impossible to find out tho truth from tho elec-
tion returns, then the poll must at least prima
facie, be rejected, and if the poll is vaiid at
all it must be shown by other proofs than the,
returns so defective. In Blair rs. Barrett, (2
Contested Elections, "15,) this House affirmed
by its action the doctrine that if it should ap-
pear that tho election officers were not sworn
that fact shifts the burden of proving tin votes
from the sitting member to the contestant.
Tn the case of Draper rs. Johnson, decided long
ago in tho Twenty-Second Congress, tho House
decided that where it appeared that tho officer
conducting the election was not sworn, the ef-
fect of that proof was to throw "the burden of
proof upon the party claiming the vote." (2
Contested Elections, lilo. I also refer to 2
Contested Elections, ?H2, to rejection of the
Van Buren township vote.)
IL I next assert that acts of registers in
New York are judicial in their nature.
1II. The registry, in contemplation of law,
enters into and forms part of the election pio-
eeeiliug, and therefore the same rules of law
control the qualification and organization of this
board as of t lie election boai d. This is because:
1. The registiy must be at each election poll:
each inspector must have cue li.-.t and " use
it in deciding on theelector'srightto vote, and
each same must be " checked ".on- the tegis-
try as they vote. (New York Laws, page 26,
section six.)
2. Because the election law makes the find-
ing and judgment of the board of registers to
be present upon and at the election, and ex-
pressly gives to it then and there the legalforee,
value, and effect of one judgment of One elec-
tion tribunal; and makes its presence effica-
cious as ono solemn sworn judgment of a Court
in authorizing the vote. (New York Election
Laws, page 26, section six.)
Mr. BROOKS. I suppose the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Shei.laiiarger] desires to
state the law correctly. With his permission
I will ask him two questions: first, does not the
election law of the State of New York give to
tho inspectors the power to override the regis-
try ana to receive the vote of a man not regis-
tered, if it is sworn in by the person offering
to vote, a householder of the district vouching
for him? Second, if a person is registered,
cannot his vote be rejected by the inspectors
of election? In other words, do not the inspect-
ors of election have the power in those cases
to override what the gentleman terms the ja- •
dicial decision of the board of registry?
Mr. SIIELLABAttGER. I answer :'yos"
to both questions. And 1 shall fully consider
their effect as I proceed, if the gentleman will
just ho patient.
3. It makes tho judgment so efficacious in
controlling the election upon election day that
if tho judgmentbo in favor of the voter, and his
name appears on tho list, that judgment is con-
clusive of his right to vote, unless it is appealed
from by somebody, and that appeal may bo
taken by a challenge at the time of the offer t,o
vote. But if tho decision be the other way
then it is made so effectual in its power in con-
trolling the election that it is unlawful to permit
the one to vote whom the decision is against,
unless that person shall establish by legal proofs
two things: t
(1.) Tho reason why he did not appear on
the day for correcting the registry. (Now York
Laws, page 20.)
(2.) That he is known to a houscholder-wit-
ness to ho an inhabitant of the district and giv-
ing the residence. (New York Daws, page 20.)
4. Such being the power of a registry judg-
ment under New York laws in controlling tho
action of tho inspectors of election in conduct-
ing it, it is utterly idle to assert that their action is
not in law made pari, of the election, and their
due action and qualification must, be as scru-
pulously guarded and insisted upon as must
that of the inspectors of election. _
IV. From the foregoing propositions it follows
in law irresistibly that, as the judicial judg-
ments of the board of registers and that of the
inspectors in holding the election are intermin-
gled and blended into and become one act,
resulting by their combined force in admitting
or rejecting the votes of all the people, there-
fore whenever it is proved that tho registry
judgment was from any cause wholly illegal,
and also that it did enter into the election anil
was used iu controlling it, that proof by neces-
sity invalidates, not, mark it, the vote of any
legal voter, but the prima J'acie correctness
of the proceedings and returns of the boards
of election officers whose proceedings arc thus
proved to be unreliable. This is by reason of
their being proved destitute of the very safe-
guards whith the law had carefully provided to
make them reliable. Hence the law sets these
returns and certificates based upon them aside
as instruments of evidence and compels him
who relies upon them to look for and produce
better proof of who voted.
A". From this it again results (or rather it is
the same thing) that if this registry was wholly
illegal, and was used in controlling the election
in the fifteenth district of the eighteenth ward,
then that fact destroys, not the election, but
only the prima facie correctness of the returns
of thai election, and throws upon them who
allege it to have been iu fact legal voting, to
prove it so. This proof nil the people, as well
