2752
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
and not over twenty dollars per thousand, a tax of
ten dollars per thousand.
On all cigarettes, cheroots, and cigars, the market
value of which (tax included) is over twenty dollars i
and not over forty dollars per thousand, a tax of
twenty dollars per thoua&nd.
On all cigarcttcs."cigars, and cheroots, the market
value of which (tax included) is over forty dollars
per thousand, a tax of forty dollars per thousand.
And insert in lieu thereof as follows :
On all other ci?ars four dollars per thousand, and
forty per eeiit.a'/ valorem, exelusiveof the tax: Pro-
vided, That ia a^sessini; the said ad valorem duty tile
first ten dollar v.liiuuioji shall not be assessed.
Mr. Chairman, I hardly understand why
tlie Committee of Ways and Means, alter the
experiment of a year, should insist upon im-
posing the same amount of tax on cigars worth
ten dollars and cigars worth ninety dollars. It
is downright, clear, bold-faced robbevy.
The result of the tax which these gentlemen
propose is this: they put a tax ot' ten dobars
on all cigars, no matter what their value. Now,
in my county they made of what is called Penn-
sylvania seed leaf—the same tobacco that is
raised m Ohio and New York—a cigar which
cost, perhaps, $1'2 50. and was worth about
fifteen dollars. In Connecticut, or where they
use ihe foreign leaf, they make cigars ranging
from thirty to ninety dollars. The same tax,
ten dollars, was imposed o:i both. What was
the result? The year before that tax was laid,
my county raised $2,000,000 worth of tobacco;
and this year they do not raise $2,000 worth!
The whole tobacco interest of Pennsylvania
and New York is crushed oat for the benefit
of Connecticut. 1 only sta.e this fact that gen-
t'emen may be enabled to determine whether
this heavy tax, which is thus destroying the
tobacco interest of a large section of country,
and building up that of a very small section,
should be persevered in.
X do not like the proposition of the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Sciiexck.] He makes
rests. Everything should pay according to
its value. He makes a rest from ten to twenty
dollars. There is no reason why cigars at fif-
teen and nineteen dollars should not pay in
the same proportion as those at fen. But Irs
amendment requires those priced at nineleen
to pay just the same as those priced at ten.
But if the price goes over that to twenty-one
dollars, then-the tax is doubled. Now. there
is no reason for that. It is honest and just to
make the article pay tax according to its value, ij won.h twelve cents a pound," that would make
Gentlemen tell us thatvou cannot enforce such ;j the price of tobacco when purchased in cigars
a tax._ Vv'by, sir ouly two pages before this in l! about fifty-two cents a pound. If the tobacco
the bill, there are five articles on which you '! used was worth six cents a pound, with the tax
to value, and it had failed. And I also ex-
pected to hear him appeal to the House, as he
has done, not to go back to that system for the
reason that it had been tried and had failed.
Now, I deny that that system has failed: I
deny that it has ever had a fair trial.
Mr. STEVENS. It never was tried.
Mr. SLOAN. Under the first law for rais-
ing revenue there was a grading of taxes upon
the values of tobacco. But there was no pro-
vision whatever put into the bill for the pur-
pose of enforcing that graduation. And a con-
struction was put on it by the then Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue which prevented the
collection of the various grades of duties. If
there was any failure about it, it was a failure
in consequence of the incompetency and stu-
pidity, if not something worse, of the then
Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
The Committee of Ways and Means under-
stand perfectly the operation of that law as it
stood, and the mode in which it was evaded.
Large manufacturers sold the material out of
which cigars were made to their journeymen,
at such price as they pleased, with the under-
standing that the journeymen should after-
ward sell back to "them the manufactured
article at a merely nominal price. And the
thou Commissioner of internal Revenue ruled
that that merely nominal price paid by the
manufacturers to the journeymen for the cigars
after they wore made, should bo conclusive
evidence of the value upon which the tax was
to be assessed. There was no discretion given
to any Government inspector to inspect the
cigars and judge himseif of their price. And
after an attempt, the most absurd, and, I may
say. the most foolish that ever was made in the
collection of revenue, it will not do for the
Committee of Ways and Means to assert here
that there has been a fair trial of the system
of taxation according to valuations. .
I Now, what is the result of the system of tax-
i ation thecommitteenowurgeuponustoadopt?
I The tax is, say ten dollars on a thousand cigars.
' It takes about twenty-eight pounds of tobacco
to make a thousand cigars.
i Mr. GAR. IELD. Twenty pounds,
i Mr. SLOAN. From twenty to twenty-five
; pounds. That would make the tax about forty
cents a pound on Ihe tobacco used. If the
tobacco from which the cigars are made is
lay an ad valorem duty. Is there anything so
peculiar in cigars that you cannot collect an ;
ad valorem duty as well as you can on diamonds ;
or anything else? Sir, there was nevera'sys- !
tem of taxation, foreign or domestic, in ling- ;
land or in our own country, which carried out '
a system of specific taxes. If you cannot make •
the tax specific on all articles, make it ad va- '
loreiii. Tell me it is absurd to carry out this ;
system! It was absurd under the old law be ;
causeoftlieabsurdconstructionsofthe Depart- I
meat. They made constructions which gave j
you no tax at all. They said that it must be '
thirteen dollars before it could pay eight dol- J
lars. The result was that, the manufacturers 1
sold the material to the journeymen at a price 1
agreed upon, and then the journeymen sold the I
manufactured article back at a price agreed
upon, which price was assumed to be thatupon
which the tax was to be calculated.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SLOAN. I hope the amendment of
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. SohenckJ will
lie adopted. In my judgment, upon it depends
the question whether the culture of tobacco
in this country shall be confined to a few lo-
calities or whether it shall extend over a very
large portion of the^country, as it was extend-
ing very rapidly before the last revenue law
went into operation.
I expeetcd to hear from the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Mor-
rill, J when this amendment was proposed,
the assertion which he has made, that we had
tried the system of imposing taxes according
, pound,
it would be worth in cigars about foily-six
cents a pound. Remember that the cigars that
are worth fifty-two cents a pound are made of
tobacco worth twice as much as cigars that are
worth forty-two cents a pound, for tlie tax
added to the six cent tobacco is the same as
the tax added to the twelve cent tobacco. And
the difference between six cents and twelve
cents a pound is the difference between a losing
business and a profitable business to the pro-
ducer.
Now, any person will purchase the cigar at
fifty-two cents a pound rather than the cigar
at forty-six cents a pound, for the one con-
tains tobacco worth twice as much as the other.
And hence the lower pricc cigars are entirely
driven out of the market. It is a vicious sys-
tem of taxation ; and it is utterly surprising,
with the light which the Committee of Ways
aud Means have upon this subject, that tliey
should propose to continue such a system.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend the para-
graph proposed to be stricken out, by striking
out the words ''on small cigars." Of course
I realize the difficulty of reconciling all parties
to any tax upon cigars. But it is true in rela-
tion to the law on this subject, as it is in rela-
tion to many other subjects, that when a tax
is well known, and has been practically ad-
ministered over the country for a year, there
should be some substantial reason given for
changing it if any change is proposed.
The complaints which were made in relation
to this matter have  I believe, been fully met
by the proposition offered by the Committee
of Ways and Means, which was to allow the
tobacco made in the district of the gentle-
man from Ohio to be manufactured into a
certain description of cigars at a very low rate
of tax. By the proposition as it now stands
cigarettes or small cigars, and cigars made with
twisted heads—the peculiar kind manufactured
in the section of country which the gentleman^
represents—the market value of which does
not exceed eight dollars perthousand, will pay
a tax of two dollars per thousand; and where
the market value exceeds eight dollars and is
not over twelve dollars, the tax will be four
dollars. This, I think, meets all the actual
wants of the gentleman's district. At any rate
the Committee of Ways and Means, were so
informed by more than one gentleman inter-
ested in the manufacture. And the gentleman
has already succeeded in reducing the tax on.
smoking-tobacco—if the House should allow it
so to remain, as I hope it will not—from twenty
cents to ten cents per pound, while as the law
uow stands it is twenty-five cents.
But the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Paixe] has asserted that this system of taxa-
tion which he urges has not proved a failure.
I gave the facts connected with the operation
of that law, showing that we received a very
contemptible and insignificant sum upon all
the higher rates; that the only considerable
amount of revenue that we did derive from
that source was at the lowest rate fixed in
the tax bill, three dollars per thousand. I
have the statement of the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue on this subject up to as late
a date as March 5; and by this statement it
appears that the amount ot increase on cigars
is five per cent. ; on snuff eighty-seven per
cent. ; on tobacco (chewing and smoking) forty-
five per cent.
In relation to the amendment of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, I do think that it will
create a great amount of difficulty in ascertain-
ing the value. The gentleman is mistaken if
he supposes that we have not laws that are
identical in principle with levying a uniform
tax upon cigars. Take an article manufac-
tured in his own district—old rye—the true
" J. B.," of which the gentleman so well un-
derstands the value, which is made in these lit-
tle copper stills, and sells for two dollars a
gallon "without any tax whatever; _ whereas
Whisky made from corn in the district of the
gentleman from Peoria [Mr. Inoeusoll] will
not bring more than fifteen cents per gallon
without any tax. Yet we impose a uniform
rate of duty upon whisky, whether made in
the district of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania or in that of the gentlemau from Illinois.
Now, Mr. Chairman, all experience is against
the system of taxation which it is urged should
be applied to the subject of tobacco. The ex-
perience of the country which has been cited
is directly in the teeth of the arguments, for
no matter what the value of the tobacco the
same rate of duty is levied.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. They raise no
tobacco in England. *
Mr. BOUTWELL. Mr. Chairman, I think
that the committee upon examination will see
that the proposition of the gentleman from
Ohio, to levy a tax upon the value of the cigars
exclusive of the tax, is a very ur.wise pro-
vision. We tried that system in the beginning
of the operation of the internal revenue law
upon a great many articles made by manufac-
turers. Under that system we were exposed
to every kind of fraud, which we resisted for a
time by construction of the statute until the
difficulty was remedied by legal enactment.
Hence I think that the first thing to be agreed
to is that the rule of taxation in the matter of
cigars shall be the same that we apply in other
cases, a tax upon the article at its value, the
tax included. There is no other safe method
of proceeding. Under any other system we
shall experience all sorts of frauds.
Now, the committee propose that upon
various kinds of cigars, the market value of
which is not over eight dollars per th&usand,
