1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3713
umph is to Vermont-, wool and Vermont sheep,
embracing all their numerous descendants in
all the States of the Union, almost a guaran-
tee against competition. And here is a proper
place for me to indorse all our chairman has
said respecting the superior strength and dura-
bility of cloth made from American wool. If
theie were means of always designating it, those
having investigated the merits of the domestic
and foreign article would always purchase the
former. ®ut as there are not, I think it fully
needs all the protection given it by this bill,
which I consider hardly equal to that given to
the manufacturers of wool. Yet fairness re-
quires me to say that I am leaving out the
advantages of a contiguous wool manufactory,
which the western wool-growers, oppressed
with high freights, high fares, high tolls, and
high commissions, with the tedium of fre-
quently breaking bulk and an unstable cur-
rency, greatly need, and which protection is
designed to secure to them; and I believe the
new States can never get their needed manu-
factories of any article until protection from
foreign competition shall excite a greater com-
petition at the East, when our abundant water,
cheap breadstuffs, andreceutly developed coal-
fields will incite them West, i would, however,
have made but one class of wool, and fixed
but one rate of duty thereon. I would have
given the poorest quality of wool ^ same
protection as the best. For the whole doc-
trine of protection implies that the moment
you depart from the strictrevenue point it must
be to encourage the new and struggling indus-
tries rather than the old and well established.
France, with her densely-settled land, finds it
for her interest to keep one sheep to the acre.
England one to every three acres. We, with our
millions of acres of waste lands, have scarcely
a sheep for every thirty acres. Under our past
unfavorable tariff, dictated by the manufacture
ers at the East, our fine wool interest, con-
stantly improved by the skill of American
breeders, has extended itself quite as well -,s
could have been expected. It would do much
better under the tariff bill now before us.
Our mutton-sheep interest, or what is more
generally known as the South Down or middle-
wool interest, owing to low duties, and more
especially to the reciprocity treaty has had
but a slight extension, and then only among
farmers who kept them for their own eating.
Many manufacturers, while noted for their
clamor for the protection of their own fabrics
from foreign competition, have gone to Can-
ada for their mutton, and to South America,
Egypt, and Syria for their wool. This inter-
est greatly needs all the protection that is giveu
it, and it will require more honest valuations
than are generally secured and more honest
and shrewder appraisers than arc generally
appointed to render that protection effective.
The great popularity of American beef nat-
urally increases its foreign demand, while the
desolations of the rinderpest have for years
removed it from competition in the Old World.
To all this add the havoc of the American war,
and the awful fact stares us in the face that
henceforth good beef is to be denied to the
poorer operative classes save as an occasional
high-priced luxury. The laborer may success-
fully strike for higher wages and fewer hours.
But he vainly strikes for that strength and
that endurance which animal food furnishes as
things now are, the late Dr. Graham to the
contrary notwithstanding. Physiology and all
animal economy teach but one lesson upon this
subject. You can have health but not strength
■without animal food. Ask the octogenarian
sailor who has rioted all his life upon an ocean
full of fish for his opinion upon this subject,
and he will tell you that he had rather make
the awful sacrifice of losing his grog than lose
his beef. It is a painful reflection that our
poorer classes arc to be deprived of the strength-
creasing properties of beef. And yet we have
an excellent substitute in American mutton,
which will never be beyond the reach of the
operative classes if we can confine American
manufactories to American wool. Wool prop-
39ni Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 233.
I erly protected will pay for the rearing of the
! sheep. Wool protection will be the angel of
mercy to our suffering poor, as it will give them
mutton without money and without piice. It is
more important, then, for the operative classes
to strike for wool protection than for more
wages or fewer hours.
There is another kind of wool which has
never yet got but a nominal foothold in this
country. It is placed under the head of class
No. 3, and designated as "carpet and other simi-
lar wools." This kind of wool has never been
raised in this country, because manufacturers
have made untiring and successful efforts to
have our people believe that it eould not be,
and they have been successful in their efforts
to so discriminate against it by congressional
action that it could never be proven whether it
could be or not. I believe there is a climate
somewhere between the north line of Minne-
sota and the south line of Texas under which
wool capable of supplying the place of every
kind of wool used in the United States for any
purpose can be successfully raised: and I be-
lieve that the United States, as a great landed
proprietor, which for want of a market is so
generously giving away its lands, should en-
courage the experiment. There is nothing now
said in discouragement of this enterprise that
was not once said in discouragement of raising
merinos, so far as climate is concerned. We
have waste lands as well as other Governments.
We can raise shepherd dogs, ponies, and horses
as cheaply as any other Government. We can
also furnish children and disabled soldiers to
ride our ponies and horses while herding them.
It might be an act of civilization as well as
of public policy to encourage our Indians to
raise these coarsc wools, the trade in which
is now monopolized by persons of no higher
civilization in an themselves in other countries.
We certainly could better illustrate to the Indi-
ans the teachings of Christianity while acting
in the capacity of shepherds ; for no other call-
ing is so honorably mentioned and so con-
spicuously brought forward in the New Testa-
ment. Upon diem was conferred the honor of
the first sight of the angel of the Lord reveal-
ing Ihe good tidings of great joy that a Saviour
was born. It was t'«ey who first went to Beth-
lehem. It was they who first saw the Babe in
the manger. It was they who first glorified
Him. How many appropriate hymns have we
that we could teach these savages losing, while
acting in the capacity of shepherds, that would
lead them almost imperceptibly to become in-
terested in Scripture teachings. For instance:
" While shepherds watched their flocks by night,
All seated on the ground.
The angel of tho Lord ean)3 down,
And glory shone around."
Now, there is no other class of men around
which either mythology, fiction, or history has
made any such glory shine ; not even around
the world's greatest, statesmen, greatest invent-
ors. or greatest conquerors.
A'nd again:
"S'nenherds, in the field abiding,
"VYatcbins o'er your ilocl'S by night;
God with man is now residing;
Yonder shiues the im.i.ut light."
And again:
"Shepherds, hail the wondrous stranger!
Now to Bethl'em speed your way."
We have now in this House a gentleman
who was once a distinguished clergyman. His
health requiring more activity, he has become
one of the greatest shepherds in America. I
have no doubt but that it was the beatification
of that calling in the Scriptures and hymns that
ho read that turned liis mind in that direction.
All travelers in heathen countries tell us that
shepherds are the most devout of idolaters.
It is impossible for it man to be a shepherd
and not realize that there is a Power some-
where that " tempers the wind to the shorn
lamb."
I am for making the most energetic efforts
to ascertain if these coarsest of wools cannot
be raised somewhere in the country, and if it
is not possible for the never-daunted genius
of America to make a carpet exclusively of
American products. If an officer of the Gen-
eral Government, or of any State, should pur-
chase a carpet made in a foreign country our
manufacturers would soon find it out and have
him denounced, when the very carpet with
which they would replace it would be com-
posed largely, if not entirely, of foreign wool.
Amembtjr of Congresseouldnofwearin peacea
woolen garment that was manufactured abroad.
Yet I venture the assertion that half the woolen
garments worn by the members of Congress
are composed of foreign wool. Manufacturers
say, ''American carpets for America and I
rejoin, "American wool for American carpets."
If these manufacturers tell us that these coarse
wools cannot be raised as cheaply in this conn-
try as foreign countries, I tell, them that the
same reasons that they urge in favor of pro-
tecting themselves against the degraded labor
of the Old World apply with greater force to
the growers of coarse wools, inasmuch as Gov-
ernment has so much land that needs occu-
pancy.
But I am opposed to these differences in
classification, because all experience proves
that where there are different duties upon dif-
ferent qualities of the same article the grossest
frauds are perpetrated, and every one labors
to bring his importations under the lowest
class. Having uniform standard samples will'
remedy these frauds to some extent. But ap-
praisers in custom-houses are as often appointed
because of their political services or because
they are the poor relatives of an influential
man as for their honesty and capacity. It is
not every man who is honest who is a good
judge of wool even by the sample. There are
not a dozen members of this intelligent House
who would not be wrong half the time in judg-
ing even by sample between some combing and
some carpet wools. And yet the duty on one
is twelve cents per pound and ten per cent, ad
valorem, and on the other (which I contend
can be profitably raised in this country) only
three cents. It takes about four pages of our
bill to bring about this discouragement ,->f ccirse
wools in this country and this chance to evade
the law, whereas only a few words Sre neces-
sary. Four letters spell wool, and a few more .
spell out the uniform duty. All that then will
be required of an appraiser will he to know
what is wool. And every one knows wha£
wool is, without distinction of race.or color.
But as the committee of wool-growers have
agreed to this arrangement, I find the House
generally assenting to it; but I cannot pass the
subject by without giving it as my opinion that
the committee of wool-growers rather acqui-
esced in it as the very best thing they could do
rather than approved of it, and that the wool-
growers will never consent that the manufac-
turers shall have the market of the world for
any kind of wool unless they themselves can
have tho same market for woolen fabrics.
If this bill should pass at this session, it
will be too late to do the poorer class of wool-
growers any good this year, as the}^ are not able
to hold their clip. Much of it is already in
the hands of speculators.
From wool I pass to another great agricult-
ural interest that greatly needs protection. I
mean that of flax, flaxseed, and the oils there-
from. Flax is the northern man's cotton.
The late civil war caused many experiments as
to its utility which developed the most cheer-
ing prospo'cts. Flax is also the poor man's
lmcn. If we owe an obligation to the colored
man for replacing tho white soldier who fell
in the darkest hour of the late rebellion, are
we not under an equal obligation to encourage
the efforts of our citizens to bring to greater
utility our only substitute for cotton? During
the sessions of the Committee of Ways and
Means we have had the most gratifying speci-
mens of cotton and linen imitations; but, like
all new developments of genius in industrial
and agricultural pursuits, they were too expen-
sive to cope with well-established and highly
protected industries. Our Government ought
not only to protect flax in all its relations, but
