1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOB®.
have just and adequate penalties to secure the
rights and the welfare of the citizens. And not
only must there be just and adequate penalties,
but those penalties must be inflicted upon the
transgressor. This fact is so clear that it ad-
mits of no controversy.
That the penalty of laws must be inflicted has
been acknowledged by all the nations of the
earth from the earliest period of its history.
In the case of Daniel, the prophet, who vio-
lated the law of the king of the Medes and Per-
sians, the king became convinced that he had
been led into error in promulgating the law that
he did, but the law having been promulgated,
and his favorite minister having violated it, he
studied until the going down of the sun in order
to devise some plan by which he might release
Daniel from the penalty that he had incurred.
But when he was reminded that the time was
drawing near when the penalty of the law must
beinflicted. he reluctantly, but at the same time
firmly, ordered that the penalty should be en-
forced upon the transgressor, showing the deep-
est regret that he had been placed in circum-
stances where it was necessary to do such a
thing. But at the same time the welfare of the
empire demanded that it should be done; the
laws of the Medes and Persians changed not.
I remember also reading the history of an-
other king, who issued a proclamation or enacted
a law at a certain time, that any one of his sub-
jects who committed a certain crime should
have both his eyes put out; and the story is
that the son of that monarch was the first indi-
vidual that was convicted of violating the law.
The monarch, as a matter of coursc, felt great
reluctance to put out the two eyes of his son,
and at the same time he felt that he could not
extend the pardoning power ; and with a view
of accomplishing the same end without violat-
ing the spirit of the law, he ordered that one of
his own eyes should be put out and one of his
son's.
Mr. Chairman, the object of inflicting penal-
ties upon transgressors is not to wreak venge-
ance or to gratify malice or anything of that
description, but there is a great end to be ac-
complished by doing it. Let us inquire for a
moment what good arises from the fact of in-
flicting the penalties of the law upon trans-
gressors. What good, for instance, will it do
to inflict the penalty of the law upon a man con-
victed of the crime of murder? Will it bring
back the dead to life'/ No, sir. Then, if it
will not bring the dead back to life, what ben-
efit will arise from executing the murderer ?
It maybe said by some that it will prevent him
from committing a similar crime, but I say that
there is no more certainty that he would com-
mit the crime again than that any other man
would commit it. And, men are not to bo ex-
ecuted for fear they may commit crime. Under
an administration of that kind none would be
safe.
But, sir, there are two grand objects to be
secured by inflicting penalties upon violators
of the law. The first is to sustain the confi-
dence of the law-abiding that the Government
will be maintained. Xo country can prosper,
and no people can be happy, unless they have
confidence that their Government will be sus-
tained. We have had an exhibition of the
necessity of the exercise of this duty during the
late rebellion. It has often been proposed to
engage in enterprises and improvements in dif-
ferent parts of the United States, but the objec-
tion was made, "Wait till the rebellion is put
down; we do not know what may be the result
of this great rebellion." I remember in my
own immediate neighborhood there was a prop-
osition to erect a woollen factory. It was be-
lieved that it would be an important enterprise
and a profitable investment; but the uncertain
condition of the country was such as to forbid
men investing capital, and they would not do it.
Who would build a house or plant an orchard,
or plow his fields and sow his grain, if he had
no assurance that he would be permitted^ to
partake of the fruits of his industry? Who
would engage in industrial pursuits if he had no
confidence m the stability of the Government ?
Strike down the confidence of the people-in the
stability of their Government, and progress and
improvement will come to an end; in a word,
the G overnment will come to an end, and wreck
and ruin would be the result.
Now, there is no one thing that can be done
for the welfare of the American people that
will more thoroughly promote enterprise, im-
provements, and industry, than to convince the
great mass of the people that the Government
will be maintained, and that every hand lifted
against the Government shall be palsied or
stricken down. Make this impression deep and
lasting, and no one thing, in my judgment, will
be better calculated to promote the general
prosperity and general welfare of the nation.
This I understand, then, to be the first grand
object of inflicting the penalties of the law upon
transgressors: to sustain the confidence of the
loyal and law-abiding.
In the next place, the object is to give warn-
ing to the refractory. When the penalty of the
law is inflicted on a transgressor, when a mur-
derer, for instance, is executed, a voice goes
out to all throughout the country, telling them
that if they violate the law they shall suffer in
like manner. These I understand to be the
great objects of inflicting penalties upon those
who transgress the laws of our country.
I said, a few moments ago, that I did not un-
derstand it to be necessary for the whole letter
of the law to be inflictcd in every instance. I
hold punishment to be an evil; that all punish-
ment is an evil; and whenever it ean be dis-
pensed with without injury to the public it ought
to be dispensed with. Whenever the Execu-
tive of the United States, or the Executive of
any State in the Union, can extend the pardon-
ing power without injury to the general welfare,
then he ought to do so. I hold it to be the uni-
versal rule, that when it ean be done, and no in-
jury inflicted upon the community or upon the
country, then the pardoning power ought to be
exercised. Those that are in prison, if they can
be liberated without injury to society, ought
to be liberated. W here no good can be secured
by retaining them in prison, it will be an evil
to keep them there; and where the evil of their
punishment would be overbalanced by the evil
resulting to the community from their escape,
then the punishment should be inflicted.
Now, the impression upon my mind is that
there should be a sufficient number of loading
rebels from each of the States lately in rebel-
lion against the United States Government
arraigned for their treason, tried as the Presi-
dent suggests, and if found guilty they should
suffer the penalty of the law. I would not say
that all who have been in rebellion should thus
suffer. No good could result from such a course,
because of the fact that a few of the leaders
in each State suffering the penalty of the law
would secure the very same good to the peo-
ple of the United States that the execution
of all who had been in rebellion would secure
to them. Suppose that every one of those who
have been engaged in this rebellion should be
tried and the full penalty of the law inflicted
upon them, what good would result from that?
It would simply say that the Government will
be maintained, and the confidence of the law-
abiding portion of the people as a matter of
coursc would be strengthened by such a course.
And it is true the refractory throughout the
country would be warned, those who had a dis-
position to rebel against the Government would
be warned of the fate that would await them
should they thus act. These are the great ends
to be obtained. But I understand that the trial
and condemnation and execution of a few of the
leaders in each of these States would secure the
very same end, would have the very same tend-
ency to strengthen the general confidence in
the Government.
We all know that if there are no leaders there
would be no rebellion, there can be no rebel-
lion without leaders. I know the people of the
South say that Mr. Davis, for instance, was only i
their servant; and that other individuals were I
simply carrying out their will; and that those !
men are no more responsible than they are. I
Now. I deny the truth of that assertion,
that'those men have been agitatingthis .qwe?ti<M¥
for the last ten, fifteen, or twenty years. _ They
have been threatening to dissolve the Umon g,n<i
to rebel ^gainst-the Government for at least fif-
teen or twenty years. And they are the guilty
ones; they are the leaders; they are the prim§
movers. Had it not been fbr perhaps a dozeij
men that might be selected froft among those
who were leading rebels, there would have bjseij
no rebellion. I presume we <111 know this tQ
be the fact. Select some ten or fifteen, per*;
haps not so many, perhaps a few more, from the
various States lately in rebellion, and there
would have been no rebellion. . And "if it i$
understood by the people of this Union that
the leaders of a rebellion shall die, there never
will be another rebellion. Just let that fact
be fixed in the minds of the people., that all
who lead in such an enterprise as this shall
suffer, shall die for it, and rebellions would
become very scarce throughout this country.
But if all those who have been engaged in
rebellion against the Government are to be par-
doned, if the entire number of the rebels-ore
to be released from the penalty of the law, and
are to be permitted to enjoy all the rights and
privileges of citizens again, what .would that
proclaim to those who are to come in the future ?
What truth would it proclaim to those who are
to come after us? Would it not be saying to.
them, "You may engage in a rebellion; you
may try the experiment; if you fail you willbe
pardoned, and be permitted to enjoy all the
rights of citizenship again; you will only incur
the difficulty and expense of trying the experi-
ment, and if you fail, it will be only a failure,
but will produce no great harm to yourselves."
Suj>pose, Mr. Chairman, that all the men
concerned in the late rebellion should be the
objccts of the pardoning power of the chief
Executive; then, if in the course of a few
years, other dissatisfied men should undertake
a second rebellion against the Government,
with what face could the Government attempt
to inflict the penalty of the law upon such con-
spirators or rebels? If the Government should,
in this aggravated case, this moustrous instance,
set an example that the leaders in rebellion and
treason shall go unpunished, how could the
Government, with any dogree of propriety,
inflict punishment upon new transgressors of
the same class? If the participants in the re-
cent terrible war upon the Government be ex-
empted from all responsibility for their crimes,
future traitors, meeting with similar failure in
their efforts, could with great propriety say to
the Government, " Former criminals, whose
guilt was more aggravated than ours, suffered
the infliction of no penalty, and we expected, as
a matter of course, that the Government would
extend to us the same lenity."
But. sir, let the penalty of the lawbe inflicted,
and confidence in the administration of justice
will be strengthened, subordination to law will
be fostered, and prosperity will bless our nation
from ocean to ocean. _
It is sometimes said, Mr. Chairman, that
Christianity requires that the guilty shall be
pardoned or forgiven. In the newspapers that
advocate the pardon of all these men I some-
times see it urged that the Almighty forgives
the vilest of the vile; that Ho pardons all; but
the man who offers this argument overlooks
or forgets one important fact: the God of the
universe would not, and I will say could not,
pardon one sinner till a great sacrifice, a vast
atonement, had been made. The Son of God
suffered and died upon the cross so as to render
it possible for the great Ruler of the universe
to forgive those who had rebelled against His
government. I affirm that God would not and
could not pardon one rebel against His govern-
ment without this great atonement. It is true
that the penalty was not inflicted in accordance
with the letter of the law ; but the spirit of the
law was fulfilled, securing the same ends that
would have been attained by inflicting literally
the penalty of the law.
So, I affirm, when the Government of the
United States has carried out in spirit the law
