1794
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
AprilS,
these are sufficient reasons for setting. aside
the poll.
If the official returns of this district are
shown to lie so essentially erroneous or fraud-
ulent that they cannot, with the aid of what-
ever corrections the evidence may furnish, in-
dicate to us the will of the voters, they are
certainly to be rejected. But the contestant
has not shown that persons voted here who
were not lawful* voters ; that either the in-
spectors of election or canvassers were dis-
hotiest or partial in the performance of their
duties; that they were not officers as well de
jure as de facto; that the election at this pre-
cinct was characterized by any serious irregu-
larities on the part of the people ; or that the
register, with all its faults, contained the name
of .any person who was not a lawful voter of
the district. There is testimony which tends
to show that one of the three inspectors was
not sworn until afternoon; but, if this were
established beyond doubt, it would not destroy
the legality of the poll or the validity of the
returns.
An attempt was made to prove, by the affi-
davit of L. C. Dean and the deposition of W.
W. Phelps, that many illegal votes were received.
After the affidavit of Mr. Dean was made, the
contestant's counsel proposed that the counsel
of the sitting member should cross-examine
him thereon, This offer was declined on the
two grounds, that there had been no direct
examination, and that no legal notice of the
proposed examination had been given. The
affidavit of Mr. Dean was excluded by the
committee, because it was an affidavit and not
a deposition, and because legal notice had not
been given ; and the deposition of Mr. Phelps
on this point was rejected, because it contained
only hearsay testimony. If the statements of
the affidavit and deposition were before the
House in a legal form, coupled with the testi-
mony offered on the same points by the silting
member, it would be impossible forme to hold
the returns of the canvassers to be a reliable
expression of the will of the people of the dis-
trict, or to be valid as official returns. But,
the affidavit and deposition being excluded, I
am unable to say that the invalidity of the regis-
ter will require the returns to be rejected un-
less fortified by proof that the votes were actu-
ally cast by lawful voters. On the contrary, I
thinlc that, notwithstanding the register was
worthless, and its worthlessness reduced the
amount of propf requisite to invalidate the offi-
cial returns, yet it was not of itself decisive
against their validity; but the burden of proof
was still on the contestant to destroy them, by
showing, either that illegal voles were cast, in
such numbers or under sncli circumstances as
to render the returns valueless as an indication
9f the popular will, or that the proceedings of
the inspectors of the election or canvassers were
so tainted with fraud or vitiated by illegalities,
as to render the returns unworthy of credit.
The registry law, in the section relating to
the duties of inspectors of elections, provides
that no votes "shall be received," if the names
of the persons offering to vote are not regis-
tered, unless certain affidavits shall be fur-
nished by such persons. This provision seems
to refer to the power and duty of inspectors,
rather than to the rights or qualifications of
electors. Under that law, the register was, to
agroat extent, a transcript of that of the pre-
vious year; so that only newcomers in the
district had occasion to know whether the regis-
ter was or was not made at the lawful time or
place, in the lawful manner, or by the lawful
persons. It will, therefore, be a very rigorous
interpretation of the law which will virtually
disfranchise, for the time being, the mass of
old residents of the district, for tiie reason that
the register was, without their fault or knowl-
edge, irregularly or fraudulently prepared, and
when they appeared at the polls, not being in-
formedof any irregularity or fraud, or required
to furnish any affidavits, they simply complied
with the actual requirements of the officers of
the polls, voted, and went fchpi? w&y- To put
the voters so completely in the power of a. board
of registry the terms of the statute should cer-
tainly be very clear and explicit; and the pro-
vision already cited, respecting the reception
of votes, should not be forced from a more
natural and obvious construction in order to
attain such a result.
The registry law seems to have given the in-
spectors the power, and to have made it their
duty, to require certain affidavits in case the
names of persons offering to vote were notduly
registered, and to refuse the votes of such as
failed to produce them when so required ; but
if they received votes, from persons not law-
fully registered without demanding affidavits,
it seems hardly right for us to reject these votes
for want of affirmative proof that such persons
were legal voters. In the case before us, if a
lawful voter of the district offered his ballot, it
was competent for the inspector to say that he
was not lawfully registered, and,-without the
prescribed affidavits, could not vote, notwith-
standing his name appeared 011 the book, which
was a register not in reality, but only in name;
and if he refused to. furnish the affidavits the
inspectors would have incurred no legal liabil-
ity by refusing to accept his yote. But the peo-
ple are concerned in the election, as well as
the officials and the candidates. It is not shown
that the' officers of the polls entertained any
suspicion that the register, which appeared
upon its face to be correct, had been illegally
prepared by the board of l'egistry. If a per-
son, who was actually a legal voter, offered his
vote, and his name was found on the register,
and his vote thereupon received, he ought not to
be afterward compelled either to lose that vote
or prove affirmatively his legal qualifications
and right to vote.. If this is correct, it follows
that all persons \^ho, without being so regis-
tered, cast their votes without challenge, were
prima facie entitled to vote, and should not be
compelled assume the burden of proving
their right to do so in the absence of evidence
attacking their own votes or the entire poll.
] t does not appear that this registry law takes
the place of or dispenses with any of the other
election laws in force before its enactment. It
is an addition to the regulations adopted to se-
cure the purity of elections, but not a .substitute
for any one of them. It does not relieve the
officers in charge of the polls of any duty im-
posed by law before its adoption. No man is
entitled to vote hjf the fact that his name is on
the list. Notwithstanding that fact, he mast,
in all other respects, stand at the polls in pre-
cisely the same attitude now as before the en-
actment of the registry law. He is liable to
precisely the same challenges, and if challenged
must make precisely the same oaths now as
before. If it has been generally true, in New
York, that the use of a register under this law
has relaxed the vigilance of the officers of the
polls, prevented challenges, and tended to im-
pair the practical value of the other statutory
provisions for the purity of elections, it has
been a perversion of the act by elective offi-
cers, for which the people ought not to pay the
penalty of a virtual temporary disfranchisement.
If the registry is a substitute for the ordinary
safeguards of elections, and dispenses with
them, or any of them, the sooner it is itself
dispensed with the better for the State of New
York. For, in the first place, in a shifting city
population," nothing can be more worthless as
proof that a man is a resident of the elec-
tion district on the day of the election, than a
register completed several days before the elec-
tion ; in the next place, the opportunity nom-
inally afforded to the people to correct the list
is in practice embraced by a very small frac-
tion of the voters, because most of them find it
to be as much as they are able or willing to do
to attend the polls; again, since the greater
portion of every register consists of a transcript
of that of the last year, it is obvious that its
preparation must involve the risk of such er-
rors as result from the changes of the year;
and, finally, the opportunities for fraud are
practically, although perhaps not theoretically,
greater in the formation of the register than in
I ffye mere public proceedings of the pollsv
If the official returns of this district shall
be accepted, the sitting member will retain his
seat. And if the H-ouse shall reach a vote
upon the reports of the majority and minority
of the committee, I shall vote in favor of the
sitting member. .
I wish to say, before I take my seat, a few
words respecting the amendments which have '
been offered to the House. The proposition
of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield]
contains two points: first, that the committee
to whom this case shall be referred shall hear
supplementary testimony respecting the legal-
ity of the votes given in this fifteenth district;
and in the second place, shall report the facts
respecting the existence of a usage in the city
of New York under the election law in force
in that city, by which inspectors of the register-
are chosen either from within or without the
election district where the register is made.
Now, I have no great objection to the first
point in the resolution, but I have serious ob-
jections to the second. As I understand it,
the gentleman's resolution requires the Com-
mittee of Elections to report as to the exist-
ence of a usage which may or may not be in
contravention of the positive law governing
elections in that city.
Now, Mr. Speaker, if that usage is in con-
formity with law, proof of its existence is super-
erogatory, and there can be 110 possible object
in obtaining such a report from the committee.
If, on the other hand, the purpose of the gen-
tleman is to call for a report showing a custom
in contravention of the plain letter of the law,
then I am utterly opposed to it, because I know
now what the law was on the election day in
1804, and I know now what the law is at the
present time; and I conceive that it is in op-
position to all the recognized principles of law
to set up a usage as opposed to a plain statute,
if that usage shall be shown. If this proposi-
tion shall be adopted, and the Committee of
Elections shall be called upon to report on the
subject, I shall most cheerfully perform the
duty imposed upon me as a member of that
committee; but if it shall appear, from this
new report of the committee, that such a usage
did exist, or does to-day exist, it can by no
possibility affect my vote in this House on the
contcst between these gentlemen, because I
cannot see how we can permit such a usage
either to contravene or to construe the plain
letter of the law applicable to the'ease.
I am opposed also to the proposition of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Spalding,] who
would refer the ease back to the people on the
hypothesis that there has been no election. I'
believe that there has been an election, that
the people have performed their duty, and it is
for us to perform ours by ascertaining, if we can
ascertain, what the will of the people expressed
at that election was.
Now, I have drawn up a proposition which
I hope my friend from Ohio [Mr. Garfield]
will accept as a substitute for his. If he does
not accept it, then I shall embrace the first
opportunity, if any shall be offered, to propose
it, when it shall be in order, for a vote of the
House: In case it shall fail, and the action of
the House upon the propositions of the gentle-
men from Ohio [Messrs. Garfield and Spald-
ing] shall not dispose of this case, then I shall
vote for the sitting member. I send my reso-
lutions to the Clerk's desk to be read.
The SPEAKER. The power of amendment
is now exhausted; there is an amendment to
the amendment pending.
Mr. PAINE. I understand that. Unless
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] ac-
cepts my resolutions, I know I must wait.
The Clerk read Mr. Paine's resolutions as
follows:
lleiolvecl. Thai tho Invalidity of tbo register oftlio
fifteenth district of tho eighteenth ward of the city
of Sew York would not of itself justify the rejection
of the official returns of th 0 canvassers of that district.
Jleiolvrd, That this ease be recommitted to the Com-
mittee of Ejections to report upon supplementary
proof to be inade as provided in the next resolution.
limohed. That either party be authorized to take
supplementary testimony respecting the election in
tho fifteenth district of the eighteenth ward only,
