314
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 7,
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
For pay of Superintendent of Botanic Garden,
and assistants in the Botanic Garden and green-
houses, to be expended under the direction of
the Library Committee of Congress, six thou-
sand one hundred and forty-five dollars and
eighty cents.
For the purchase and removal of materials,
anil for erecting four greenhouses in the_ Bo-
tanic Garden, to be expended under the direc-
tion of the Joint Committee on the Library,
twenty-five hundred dollars.
columbian institution foe the deaf and
dumb.
For salaries and incidental expenses, includ-
ing five hundred dollars for the purchase of
books and illustrative apparatus, twelve thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For the erection, furnishing, and fitting up
of the two extensions to the buildings, to pro-
\ide enlarged accommodations for the male
department, and to furnish rooms for the in-
struction of the pupils in useful labor, thirty-
nine thousand four hundred and forty-five dol-
lars and eighty-seven cents.
For the proper inclosure, grading, and im-
provement of the grounds of the institution,
three thousand five hundred dollars.
surveying the public lands.
For surveying the public lands in Wisconsin,
six thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Minnesota,
fifteen thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Dakota
Territory, five thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Nebraska
Territory, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Kansas,
twenty-five thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Colorado
'frriitory, fifteen thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Nevada,
fifteen thousand dollars.
Fur surveying the public lands in New Mex-
ico, five thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lauds in California,
thirty thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Oregon,
twenty thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Washing-
ton Territory, twenty thousand dollars.
To supply a deficiency in the fund for tlie
relief of 'act and disabled seamen, one hundred
and seventy thousand dollars.
miscellaneous.
For the fencing in, repair, and completion of
the United States court-house and post office
at Indianapolis, Indiana, and paving the side-
walks in front of the same, the sum of eight
thousand dollars, or such part thereof as may
be necessary.
For the alteration and repair of the court-
house in the city of Boston, five thousand
dollars.
For repairs of United States marine hospital
at Cleveland, in the State of Ohio, eight thou-
sand dollars.
For facilitating communication between the.
Atlantic and Pacific States by electrical tele-
graph, forty thousand dollars.
For expenses in detecting and bringing to
trial and punishment persons engaged in coun-
terfeit ing Treasury notes, bonds, and other secu-
rities of the United States, as well as the coins
of the United States, fifty thousand dollars.
To enable (he Secretary of the Interior to
adjust and settle the accounts of D. S. Payne,
fot enumerating the inhabitants of the Terri-
tory of Idaho, under the direction of the Gov-
ernor of said Territory, as authorized by the
act or .March three, eighteen hundred and sixty-
three, entitled "An act to provide a temporary
government for the Territory of Idaho,'' the
sum of eight thousand eight hundred dollars,
or so much thereof as may be necessary.
For building a custom-house at Portland,
Maine, in addition to the sum heretofore ap-
propriated by Congress, seventy-fne thousand
dollars : Provided, That the Secretary of the
Treasury ma}', if he thinks it advisable, expend
a sum, not exceeding thirty-five thousand dol-
lars, in the purchase of ground adjoining the
site of the old custom-house on Fore street,
now owned by the United States, for the pur-
pose of enlarging the same, or the Secretary
may exchange the lotnowowned as aforesaid for
a more eligible one, if the same can be pro-
cured ; but no money shall be paid or agreed
to be paid by th§ United States in considera-
tion of such exchange, and no transfer, assign-
ment, or conveyance of property by the United
States shall be made upon such exchange, ex-
cept a conveyance, on its behalf, by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, of the interest of the
United States in the lot aforesaid and the
building thereon.
For building a custom-house at St. Albans,
in the State of Vermont, ten thousand dollars.
For expenses of the census of Arizona Ter-
ritory, taken in the year eighteen hundred and
sixty-four, to be audited and paid under the
supervision of the Secretary of the Interior,
four thousand one hundred and sixty dollars.
For securing the right of way and building a
bridge across the canal to the marine hospital
near Portland, Maine, three thousand dollars.
For making alterations and repairs in the
custom-house, court-house, and post office
bttilding, at Providence, Rhode Island, three
thousand dollars.
For compensation of the revenue agent sta-
tioned at New York, in addition to the sum au-
thorized by the act of June thirtieth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four, including one thousand
dollars for the current fiscal year, two thousand
dollars.
For one thousand copies of a compilation of
the laws of the United States relating to reve-
nue, commerce, and navigation, now in course
of preparation for the press at the Treasury
Department, such sum as may be necessary
therefor in the discretion of the Secretary of
the Treasury, and not exceeding seven thou-
sand dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay to "William Handy, of the Treasury Depart-
ment, for extra clerical services, such sum as
may be found due, not exceeding five hundred
dollars.
For compensation to John Hopley, for ser-
vices in indexing the national currency act,
one hundred dollars.
For additional compensation to the publish-
ers of the Statutes-at-Large, eight thousand
five hundred and seventy-five dollars and sixty-
nine cents.
For refitting the rear basement rooms of the
old Treasury building for office purposes, eleven
thousand dollars.
For the purchase of the property in Wash-
ington city known as Ford's theater, for the
deposit and safe-keeping of documentary papers
relating to the soldiers of the Army of the Uni-
ted States, and of the museum of the medical
and surgical department of the Army, one hun-
dred thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
ninth section of the act entitled "An act mak-
ing appropriations for sundry civil expenses of
the Government for the year ending June thirty,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, and for the
year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-three, and for other purposes,1'
approved March third, eighteen hundred and
sixty-three, appropriating thirty per centum of
the cost of engraving the special dies for inter-
nal revenue stamps, not to exceed in amount
twenty thousand dollars, be, and the same is
hereby, so amended as to enable the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay the contractors, Butler
and Carpenter, the said sum of twenty thou-
sand dollars in full of all claims for indemnity.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby,
authorized and directed to purchase for the
United States an appropriate building site at
Island Pond, or at some point northerly of
Island Pond and south of the Canadian bound-
ary line, in the State of Vermont, and to cause
to be erected thereon a suitable building for the
use of such officers of the customs as are or may
be stationed alrthat place:* Provided, That the
cost of such purchase and erection shall not
exceed the sum of ten thousand dollars; which
amount is hereby appropriated for the purpose.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
sum of four thousand dollars, appropriated by
"An act making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending June thirty,
eighteen hundred and sixty-five," approved
June twenty-five, eighteen hundred and sixty-
five [four,] "to enable the Joint Library Com-
mittee to purchase a complete file of selections
from European periodicals, from eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-one to eighteen hundred and
sixty-four, relating to the rebellion in the Uni-
ted States, to be deposited in the Library," is
hereby transferred to the fund for the purchase
of books for the Library of Congress, to he
expended one half for the purchase of law
"books and one half for the purchase of miscel-
laneous books for said Library.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
President of the United States be, and hereby
is, authorized to expend during the fiscal year
ending the thirtieth day of June, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-six, so much of the appropria-
tion of second March, eighteen hundred and
sixty-one, as he may be deem expedient and
proper, not exceeding in the whole ten thou-
sand dollars, for compensation to United States
marshals, district attorneys, and other persons
employed in enforcing the laws for the suppres-
sion of the African slave trade, for any services
they may render, and for which no allowance
is otherwise provided by law; and alsosomuch
of said appropriation as may be neccssary to
pay the salaries of the judges and arbitrators
appointed by him, pursuant to the act of Con-
gress approved July eleven, eighteen hundred
and sixty-two, entitled "An act to carry into
effect the treaty between the United States and
her Britannic Majesty for the suppression of the
African slave trade," and for the expenses of
the mixed courts of justice provided for by said
treaty.
Sec. 0. And be it further enacted. That the
authority to sell the property known as thePenn-
sylvania Bank building, in accordance with the
acts approved June twenty-third, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty, section two, and March four-
teen, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, section
five, is hereby conferred upon the Secretary of
the Treasury: Provided, That the property be
sold at public auction, and for a sum not less
than one hundred and ten thousand dollars.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of the Treasury is hereby authorized
to increase the clerical force in the office of the
AssistantTreasurerof Philadelphia, and theag-
gregate salaries of said clerks shall not exceed
the sum of nine thousand dollars, which amount
is hereby appropriated out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That, in
addition to the appropriations hereinbefore
allowed for the branch mint at California, the
following sums respectively are hereby, in like
manner, appropriated, viz:
For wages of workmen and adjusters, sixty-
nine thousand four hundred and fifty dollars.
For incidental and contingent expenses, re-
pairs, and wastage, one hundred and six thou-
sand five hundred and twenty-nine dollars and
twenty-nine cents.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That in
addition to the appropriations hereinbefore
made for the Territory of Arizona, the follow-
ing sums are hereby appropriated, viz:
For compensation and mileage of the mem-
bers of the Legislative Assembly, officers,
clerks, and contingent expenses, five thou-
sand dollars.
