1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3 i5
Laws of the United States.
>9th Cong....1st Sess.
For preparation and printing laws of the
Territory, five thousand dollars.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That the
following sums be, and the same are hereby,
appropriated out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, for deficiencies in
the appropriations for the objects hereinafter
expressed, viz:
For compensation of the officers, clerks,
messengers, and others, receiving an annual
salaiy in the House of Representatives, one
thousand four hundred and twenty-nine dol-
lars and sixty-four cents.
For clerks of committees, and temporary
clerks in the office of the Clerk of the House
of Representatives, four thousand one hundred
and eighty dollars.
For contingent expenses of the House of
Representatives, viz:
For fuel and lights, pay of engineers, fire-
men, and laborers, repairs and materials, ten
thousand dollars.
For furniture, repairs, and packing boxes,
for members, twenty thousand dollars.
For pages and temporary mail boys, two thou-
sand three hundred dollars.
For stationery, thirteen thousand four hun-
dred and thirty-two dollars.
For folding documents, including materials,
twenty-five thousand dollars.
For miscellaneous items, ten thousand dol-
lars.
Contingent expenses of the Senate, viz:
For stationery, fifteen thousand dollars.
For clerks, pages, horses, carryalls, and so
forth, twenty-seven thousand dollars.
For miscellaneous items, five thousand dol-
lars.
For fuel and repairs of heating and ventilat-
ing apparatus, to be provided under the charge
of the Sergeant-at-Arms, sixteen thousand two
hundred and fifty dollars.
For furniture purchased, and repairs done
by the Sergeant-at-Arms, under the direction
of the Committee to Audit and Control the
Con[tin]gent Expenses of the Senate, twenty-
three thousand five hundred dollars.
For additional labor in the folding-room and
around Senate Chamber, five thousand dollars.
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation
for the Capitol police under the act of April
twenty-two, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
to be paid to the widow of David Vose, late a
policeman in the crypt, being twenty per centum
on his salary from December four, eighteen
hundred and sixty-one, to July eight, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four, five hundred and thir-
ty-two dollars to be expended under the direc-
tion of the Commissioner of Public Buildings.
For salary of the stenographer appointed un-
der resolution of January fifth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-five, three thousand and six
hundred and fifty dollars.
For additional compensation to laborers in
the Clerk's office of the House of Represent-
atives, the same as allowed by act of June
twenty-fifth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four,
seven hundred and thirty dollars.
Sec. 11. And he it further enacted, That
the proper accounting officers of the Treasury
Department be, and they are hereby, author-
ized to pay A. D. Collingsworth, 0. H. Yed-
der, Edward R. Sherman, Charles C. Adams,
Samuel W. Tucker, J. G. Adams, A. Ben-
giral, J. C. Parker, J. A. Odell, V. Barnes,
T. II. Gladman, R. A. Cronin, T. N. Adams,
J. C. Cleary, \V. D. Lindsay, A. Jewett, jr.,
F. Cochin, B. C. Farless, J. P. Townsend, C.
W. Odell, J. W. Morehead, S. P. Lee, W. H.
Salter, .lames Cross, J. It. Crepd, H. B.
Rourke, E. A. Lipscomb, George Cottenham,
C. A. Perkins, W. B. Cndlipp, S.S. Baker, J.
M. Conroy, O. W. Boyden, J. 0. Armes, J.
Bellows, E. S. Brossius, J. J. Calvert, F. G.
Calvert, G. D. Curtis, W. B. Dyer, D. A.
Fish, A. II. Gillespie, R. B. Guillien, Charles
Gohecn, II. Holmes, Cr. C. Ilolliday, B. E.
Messer, E. C. Messer, F. Madden, W. McK.ee,
W. H. E. Ourand, L. P. Porter, P. W. Pearson,
J. L. Rowland, C. V. Rotterden, E. J. Schale,
E. J. Sweet, T. J. Schea, J. C. Williams, J.
G. Wilson, L. K. Brown, J. H. Gunn, H. A.
Dobson, J. A. Mclntire, V. B. Munson, J. J.
Dickens, W. E. Armes, J. C. Green, Lewis
E. Rauterburg, and B. W. Parsons, employed
by the deputy provost marshal of the District
of Columbia in the enrolling office of said
marshal, for night work arid especial service
performed in pursuance of a contract between
said clerks and said provost marshal, such ac-
counts being properly certified upon the rolls,
or by said deputy provost marshal, and the
sum. of three thousand three hundred and sixty
dollars, or so much thereof as may bo neces-
sary, is hereby appropriated out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated
therefor.
Sec. 12; And be it further enacted, That the
following sums be, and the same are hereby,
appropriated, to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the fiscal year ending the
thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-
five, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated :
For the compensation of the superintendent
of the building occupied by the Quartermas-
ter General, viz: for the fiscal year ending
June thirty, eighteen hundred and sixty-five,
and the present fiscal year four hundred dol-
lars. J!
For ihe Indian service in Utah, being for
money advanced by Brigham Young, while
Governor and ex-officio superintendent of
Indian affairs, found due and allowed by the
Secretary of the Interior, thirty-eight thou-
sand four hundred and eighty-seven dollars
and fifty-three cents.
For plates, engraving, printing, and paper for
national currency notes, two hundred and fifty
thousand dollars: Provided, That no portrait or
likeness of any living person hereafter engraved,
shall be placed upon any of the bonds, securities,
notes, fractional or postal currency of the Uni-
ted States.
For making certain alterations in the custom-
house building at Philadelphia, seven thousand
four hundred and twenty-five dollars.
For deficiency in tine appropriation for fuel for
the President's House and Capitol, six thousand
dollars.
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation
for the Naval Academy for the fiscal year end-
ing Junethirty, eighteen hundred and sixty-six,
one hundred and seventy-eight thousand and
sixty-four dollars.
To pay II. A. Kiopfer for ten months' ser-
vice, as a laborer in the office of the Attorney
General, at forty dollars per month, four hun-
dred dollars.
For certain alterations to the post office por-
tion of the building in Portland, Maine, used
for post office, custom-house, and court-house,
five thousand dollars : Provided, That no part
of the money hereby appropriated for claims
due for the construction and furnishing the
Baltimore court-house, and for the payment
of claims due for the repairs of the Govern-
ment warehouses and the construction wharves,
Staten Island, New York, shall be paid for dam-
ages, and no payments whatever shall be made
unless upon a full examination of the proper
Department of the Government, and a certifi-
cate by the Attorney General that the said
amounts to be paid are just, legal, and proper.
Sec. 13. And he it further enacted, That
such sum as may be required to pay the addi-
tional compensation provided by section three
of "An act making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-live, and for other
purposes," approved June twenty-fifih, eight-
een hundred and sixty-four, up to and includ-
ing the thirtieth day of June, eighteen hundred
and sixty-six, be, and the same is hereby, ap-
propriated.
Sec. 14. And he it further enacted, Thatfroin
and after the first day of April, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-six, there shall be paid annually,
instead of the yearly salaries at present author-
ized, to the Director of the Mint at Philadel-
phia, four thousand five hundred dollars; to the
treasurer, three thousand five hundred dollars,
and one thousand five hundred dollars for ad-
ditional compensation as Assistant Treasurer of
the United States; to the melter and refiner,
three thousand dollars; to the assayer, three
thousand dollars; to the assistant to the assayer,
two thousand dollars; to the chief coiner, three
thousand dollai's; to the assistant to the chief
coiner, two thousand dollars; to the engraver,
three thousand dollars; to one clerk, two thou-
sand five hundred dollars ; to two clerks, two
thousand dollars each; to four clerks, one thou-
sand five hundred dollars each; to the treas-
urer of the branch mint at San Francisco, for
salary as Assistant Treasurer of the United
States, in addition to his salary as treasurer of
said mint, one thousand five hundred dollars;
to the Assistant Treasurer of the United States
at New York, eight thousand dollars; to the
Assistant Treasurer of the United StateDat Bos-
ton" five thousand dollars; to the Assistant
Treasurer of the United States at Saint Louis,
five thousand dollars; and the amount necessary
to carry these provisions intoetfectforthcfiscal
year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-six, is hereby appropriated.
Appkoveu, April 7, 1800.
Chap. XXIX.—An Act to provide Arms and
Ammunition for the Defense of the Inhab-
itants of Dakota Territory.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembtcd, That the Secretary of War
be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed
to issue, upon the requisition of the Governor
of Dakota 'Territory, such amount of ordnance
and ordnance stores as may bo necessary to arm
the inhabitants of said Territory who may or-
ganize for defense against hostile Indians, not
exceeding one thousand stand of small-arms,
and one hundred thousand rounds of ammu-
nition, to be charged against the quota due, or
to become due, to the Territory under the laws
for arming and equipping the militia.
Approved, April 7, 1806.
Ciiap. XXXI.—An Act to protect all Persons
in the United States in their civil Rights,
and furnish the Means of then Vindication.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of ihe United States of America in
Congress assembled, That all persons born in the
United States and not subject to any foreign
Power, excluding Indians not taxed, are hereby
declared to be citizens of the United States: and
such citizens, of every race and color, without
icgard to any previous condition of slavery or
involuntary servitude, except as a punishment
for crime whereof the party shall have been
duly convicted, shall have the same right, in
every State and Territory in the United States,
to make and enforce contracts, to sue, be par-
ties, and give evidence, to inherit, purchase,
lease, sell, hold, and convey real and personal
property, and to full and equal benefit ot all
laws and proceedings for the security of per-
son and property, as is enjoyed by white citi-
zens, and shall be subject to like punishment,
pains, and penalties, and to none other, any
law, statute, ordinance, regulation, or custom,
to the contrary notwithstanding.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That any
person who, under color ot' any law, statute,
ordinance, regulation, or custom, shall sub-
jectf or cause to be subjected, any inhabitant
of any State or Territory lo the deprivation of
any right secured or protected by this act, or to
different punishment, pains, or penalties on
account of such person having at any time
been held in a condition of :da\ery or invol-
