1866.
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
2155
. and hence our woes, for the cigars imported are
imported under the lowest valuation. We have
no cigars paying a duty above the rate of fifteen
dollars. It will operate in the same way if this
provision be adopted.
There is another thing in regard to the intro-
duction of foreign cigars. They are smuggled
in. I wish some process could be found out by
v^hich we could prevent the large amount of
smuggling now practiced. I have had occasion
to say before the amount of smuggling of cigars
is immense. I believe the regular steamships
from New York to Cuba smuggle in more cigars
than pay the duty.
And X will say further, in relation to this sub-
ject of cigars, that gentlemen must understand
the pipe has grown somewhat more fashionable
since the war, and that many who used cigars
now use pipes.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENS. I move pro form,il to strike
out the word " the."
I want to state to the gentleman from Ver-
mont facts are better than argument. He
attributes the depression of the tobacco trade
to'the conclusion of the war in the South. If
he will inquire he will find that in August, nine
months before the war closed, every tobacco
shop in my county shut up. There was not a
single man who did not sell out because of the
law.
Mr. SCHENCK. The tobacco of the South
no more comes in competition with ours than
cotton with wheat. Theirs is a gummy tobacco,
used for plug and cavendish, and not fit for
smoking, while ours is fit for smoking and not
for chewing-tobacco.
Mr. STEVENS. It is very clear that the
tobacco which we raise in Pennsylvania and
Ohio, and all the West except Kentucky, is
what is called the seed leaf, and the cigars
made of that'tobacco sell at twenty dollars a
thousand, and it costs $12 50 to make them,
independent of the tax. But the tobacco of
Kentucky, except the Clarksville tobacco, is
always in hogsheads for exportation, and does
not eomc in competition with the seed leaf of
any kind whatever.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania whether at the time
of the depression to which he alludes there was
not in the market a greater amount of manu-
factured cigars than there ever had been before,
manufactured in anticipation^of the tax.
Mr. STEVENS. Undoubtedly, but could
they have gone on and made them under the
ad valorem tax? As it was, it was impossible
to go on because the direct tax, together with
the cost, was more than they could sell the
cigars for.
Mr. MORRILL. I want to ask the gentle-
man a question. Does he not know the fact
that in every instance where we increase largely
our duties upon any article the effect of it is
to stop or check business for a time?
Mr. STEVENS. I know it is so, and there-
fore the best way to get a greater number cf
cigars made is to take off the tax altogether.
Under the prior law there were over five hun-
dred million cigars made. Last year there
were but three hnndred and twenty-seven mil-
lions returned.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I would ask the gentle-
man if it is not the fact that cigars are offered
in New York at this time at a less price than
they can possibly be produced in this country.
Mr. STEVENS. I cannot tell about that.
It may be true. I suppose there is a great deal
of smuggling in New York. I have no doubt
they carry it on to a considerable extent.
Mr. MORRILL. Now that the war is at an
end.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I con-
gratulate the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stkvexs] on the announcement he has
just made, that the war is at an end. [Laugh-
ter. ]
Mr. STEVENS. No, sir; I understand it
is not at an end.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. You
said so.
Mr. STEVENS. No, my friend behind me
said it was at an end. I believe the war is just
beginning—the copperheads on one side and
the patriot armies on the other. [Laughter.]
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURN, ofMassachusetts. I wish
to call the attention of the House to some sta-
tistics. Some were given by the gentleman from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine.] I have some here
coming from the internal revenue department,
which I think will not be disputed.
The number of cigars manufactured under
a graduated scale, similar to the one intro-
duced by the gentleman from Ohio, [ Mr.
Sciiexck,] that is, under the law which was
passed two years ago, was 530,491,002. Under
that graduated scale the revenue derived was
$2,007,405 19. Last year, under the specific
duty of ten dollars, the whole number of cigars
manufactured was 258,086,703. It will be no-
ticed that that is less than half the number
manufactured two years ago. But the rev-
enue derived last year from less than half the
quantity manufactured the year before was
82,580,867 63. In a word, to sum it all up,
members of the House will see that less than
half the quantity produced an equal amount
of revenue under this specific act.
Now, I wish to state this to show that what
I said when I was up before to-day was cor-
rect. No person in this House, probably,
believes that a less number of cigars were
smoked during the past year than the year
before. That a far less number was smoked
two years ago than were used previous to any
tax, no one will deny. But that the number
smoked has decreased during the past year,
when the tax was simply ten dollars a thou-
sand, no one will maintain. How, then, do
you account for the discrepancy that less than
one half the quantity of cigars have paid the
duty? Simply from the fact that such has been
your tariff that a great amount of cigars used
in this country have come in under a duty of
ten dollars a thousand, making the tariff cor-
respond to the excise tax. Accordingly, about
half the cigars used during the past year have
been manufactured abroad and imported into
this country.
Well, the result lias been this: that the
raisers of tobacco not only in the West, but
also in the Connecticut valley, have been una-
ble to sell their tobacco to the manufacturer.
When they go to him and ask him to purchase
their tobacco the manufacturer in New York
says, "No, we can import cigars at a less
price than we can purchase your tobacco and
pay the tax." Why? Because the tariff duty
costs about the same as the excise tax,and cigars
can be made at a less cost in foreign countries.
Accordingly, the imported cigars take the lead
in the market. But although we have manu-
factured half the quantity we have received
the same amount of revenue as we had tmder
the old law.
Now, what is the remedy for this evil? It
is under the tariff. And here is a point upon
which we shall not be divided by any sectional
interest. When the question comes up in re-
gard to the tariff, if there is a manufacture that
is confined to New England, Pennsylvania, or
any other particular section, the question is
forced upon us as a sectional one, and it is
objected that we are building up one section at
the expense of another. I rejoice to know that
this is a question in which every portion of the
West as well as New England, Pennsylvania,
and New York is interested. I doubt not we
will unite together on this question, and that
the tariff will be fixed as it should be, and we
shall all agree at. least on one point, namely,
that if the community will use tobacco, if they
will smoke and chew, let them use our own
productions, let them use those we raise on
our own soil, whether in the West or in the
East.
One word further. If the tax is to be altered,
instead of being forty per cent, ad valorem, as
my colleague [Mr. Hooper] proposes by his
amendment, if you are going to get a revenue
it ought not to be more than twenty per cent.
Just look at the tax on smoking-tobacco. The
amendment which has been adopted is ten cents
a pound. N ow, the man who raises tobacco
can sell it for smoking-tobacco, the same qual-
ity which he has to pay four dollars a pound
for if it is manufactured into cigars, and pay
his ten cents a pound. Now, I wish to call tho
attention of every member of the House to
this fact, that those who use this article when
they can get it by paying ten or twenty cents
a pound and use it in this manner, are not
going to pay from two to four dollars a pound
manufactured into cigars.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENS. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. HOOPER, ofMassachusetts. I renew
the amendment of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, merely for the purpose of saying that
I listened with great interest to the remarks
made by my colleague, [Mr. Washburn-,] be-
cause he has vindicated the importance of atl
amendment which I intended to propose before
the section was passed. I will read it now for
information :
Provided, That the tax assessed and paid on cigars,
cheroots, and cigarettes of domestic manufacture
under this act shall also be assessed and paid on all
imported cigars in addition to any duties imposed on
the same under the tariff.
That I think will obviate the objection raised
by my colleague. I wish to refer to another
remark of my colleague in reference to the
effect of the different rates of duties on cigars.
He will find on looking at the return from the
internal revenue department that all the cigars
manufactured were gradually getting into the
lowest rate of duty; that manufacturers were
getting up cigars upon which the duty assessed
was onlv three dollars.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Will
my colleague [Mr. Hooper.] allow me to ask
him a question ?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Cer-
tainly.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
desire to ask my colleague this question : as
he has proposed an ad valorem duty, then why
not dispense with any other duty but a simple
rate of ad valorem duty, so that we can under-
stand it? Put all upon the single basis of
thirty per cent, ad valorem duty, and have no
other duty. Then if cigars cost ten dollars a
thousand, they will pay thirty per cent, upon
their value ; if they cost fifty dollars a thousand
they will also pay thirty per cent, upon their
value. If you are going to have an ad valorem
principle why not have one single rate of duty?
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper] will allow me to
answer his colleague, [Mr. Washburn,] I will
say that this is prepared with a view to pre-
vent frauds where the price is less than twelve
dollars a thousand. The rest pay a tax of
forty-per cent, ad valorem on the excess over
twelve dollars a thousand.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts.^ I think
my friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevexs]
has answered the question so successfully that
I need say nothing further in reply to it.
But I wish to call attention to the effect of
the valuation under the old system ; if cigars
were valued at twelve dollars a thousand, as it
stands in the bill, the duty is four dollars a
thousand, leaving net to the manufacturer the
sum of eight dollars. If the value of the cigars
is thirteen dollars, then the duty in ten dollars
per thousand, leaving only three dollars to the
manufacturer. Therefore if he increases the
quality of his cigars so as to make them worth
a dollar uioie than those he pavs a lax of four
dollars upon. he will gel 11% e dollars less for his
own use than for the cheaper cigars, for by so
doing he brings them under tiie operation ot a
higher rate of duty. And this ad valorem duty
obviates that objection.
The great objection to the old system of fix-
ing the duty upon the valuation was thatyou
; had to leave a space of five, six. or ten dollars
to take up the difference in the value. Now,
let us refer to the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Schexck] as at first proposed.
