.1866.
THE 'CONGRESSIONAL' GIL0K®.
years behind the rebels themselves, who now
contend that those States are in the Union and
have been all the time. I shall, therefore, re-
gard it as a conceded fact that those so-called
States have all the time da jure composed a
feographical and political part of the United
tat.es, and now de facto constitute such a part.
The only question, therefore, to be determined
is, whether theyarede facto States—governing
partners in the Union—or merely United States
Territories subject to the disposition of Con-
gress. This leads us to consider, what is a
State?
Politically speaking, a State is a body of peo-
ple united for the purpose of government, and
occupying a portion of country comprised within
certain described limits. The land alone does
not constitute the State ; neither do the people
alone, nor do both together, unless the people
are united for governmental purposes. _ A State
is a unit, and isolated inhabitants acting inde-
pendently of each other cannot form such a
unit,.
This I regard as a correct general descrip-
tion of a State, and to constitute one of the
United States, such State must be bona fide
united with the other States for mutual protec-
tion. It must be constantly yielding its just,
proportion to the support of the General Gov-
ernment, which is only an embodiment or blend-
ing of the powers yielded by the several States,
just as the light which illuminates a vast hall is
the embodiment or blending of the lights which
emanate from many individual lamps.
If a State ceases to blend its powers with
those of the other States, it-ceases, at the same
time, to have any part or lot, as an active, gov-
erning partner in that united power or General
Government; just as a lamp ceases to have any
part or lot in illuminating the hall when it
ceases to blend its rays with those of the other
lamps.
Now, some of the members of this Union
did, by secession, cease to blend their powers
with those of the other States and, as a matter
of course, they ceased to be governing partners
in the Union,"though the authority of the Gen-
eral Government continued to extend over them
just as the united light from the lamps still
burning illuminates every part of the hall even
after some of the lamps have ceased to emit
their rays. .
The "General Government was not dimin-
ished in extent by the defection of some of its
members, though it certainly was in absolute
power, just as the light in the hall is dimin-
ished in intensity, but not in extent, by the
going out of the "lamps.
The States that have thus ceased to be active
partners in the Union have necessarily ceased
to exist as States, or they have fallen into a
protracted catalepsy, in which their functions
are suspended while their vitality still remains.
How long this political catalepsy can continue
without terminating in political death I do not
know, but I suppose our great and good Exec-
utive and the other advocates of the cataleptic
doctrine could inform us. My own opinion is
that those States, as such, have ceased to exist.
They have, as I conceive, violated the essen-_
tial conditions of their existence as States of
this Union by refusing for nearly five years to
have anything to do in our Government j and
by waging a cruel war upon us, they violated
all the stipulations of the contract into which
they entered when they became States. Acting
in their State capacity they disuni ted themselves
from the Union, and having failed to sustain
themselves as independent States, they have
necessarily ceased to exist at all as States, foi
no State can possibly exist as such without be-
ing united with this Union, or independent ol
it, and they are neither.
Besides this, we find that at least one ol the
essential elements of a State has been destroyed
or withdrawn from them. We have seen that
a State is an organized body of people, and that
wi+hout organization the people cannot consti-
tute a State: and as the organizations were de-
stroyed in the rebel States they perished as
States, and their remaining elements returned
to their original or territorial condition, just as
water ceases to exist as such when one "of its
essential elements, hydrogen, for instance, is
withdrawn.
Besides the destruction of the governmental
organizations in those States, the people com-
posing those organization shave become dead
in law, and thus another essential element of a
State is destroyed.
Whether we consider the rebels as traitors
or as alien enemies, they have forfeited their
lives, and though they have not perished liter-
ally, they certainly have in law, and they can
have no life, politically, until it is given them
by the Government to which their lives have
been forfeited.
If all the people of one of the States should
perish, literally, would that State still exist ?
For instance, if all the people of South Caro-
lina should sink, as they ought to,'would the
uninhabited land constitute a State? If so,
would it be loyal, or disloyal? If the land of
South Carolina should sinls^ as it ought to,
would the fugitive people who might escape,
still form a State? If so, what State would it
be, and where would it be situated ?
The people have not perished literally, it is
true, but they have, as we have seen, perished
in law, which is just the same as literal death,
so far as it affects the existence of the States.
The land remains and the debris of the fallen
State structures, just as the ground remains
where a house has once stood, and the debris
of the house may still cover that ground, but
since it has fallen to pieces it can no longer be
regarded as a house, nor can it perform the
functions of a house until it is reconstructed.
So fully have the so-called rebel States be-
come territorial in their condition, that Con-
gress may form from them as many or as few
new States as may be thought best, totally ignor-
ing the names and boundaries of the defunct
States. As a general rule, however, it would
be better to give the same names and bounda-
ries to the new States as were possessed by the
old. As to South Carolina, however, I would
like her name to be abolished were it practica-
ble, and her territory divided between Massa-
chusetts and southwest Missouri. We would
soon take the aristocracy out of her.
I believe that all correct reasoncrs will arrive
at the same conclusion 1 have in regard to the
present status of the rebel States. The rebels,
however, since they have been whipped, and
many good loyal men, think otherwise, but as
they have, as a general rule, resolved not to be
convinced, I will not delay time by any further
arguments. They contend that since the Con-
stitution and laws ot the United States do not
provide for the withdrawal of any State from
this Union, nor for its self-destruction, such
withdrawal and such destruction are impossible.
This is a beautiful theory and would become
universally popular did facts only bear it out.
By it we could prove that Lincoln was not mur-
dered. The attempt being unconstitutional
and illegal was null and void and the end un-
accomplished. The same could be said in re-
gard to the half million of our brave soldiers
that were slain in the war, bnt who, according
to this theory, were not killed atall. In a word,
since the Constitution does not authorize any
crime or any evil, any attempt to commit or
produce either would be null and void and the
result unattained. All crimes and all evils
must therefore be imaginary, and we may at
once enter into the joys of the millennium with-
out further delay, and without asking the Al-
mighty any odds.
Facts, however, stubborn facts, are against
this theory. The facts are that, in direct vio-,
lationof the Constitution and the laws, men
have committed murder, suicide, aud other
crimes. Individuals have perished contrary
to law. The blow that caused their death was
not rendered '1 null and void " by being un-
constitutional and illegal, neither was the death-
blow which rebellion gave to certain States of
this Union rendered ''null and void " merely
because it was unconstitutional and illegal.
If the seceded States have been de facto
members of this Union all the time] they ihWv&
of course, had a right to vote for President' affli
Viqe President of the United States,"to senfl.
Senators and Representatives to this Congress,
and to participate in all the transactions of our
Government; and they will continue to possess
this right during any future rebellion •which
they may see fit to inaugurate. If treason' in
the past has deprived them of no rights,, pow-
ers, nor privileges, it could not in the 1 ftitiMe
deprive them of any of those things. Thejy
need, then, have no fear. A premium is platied
upon rebellion. Let them then renew the ^var
as soon as tliey please. They can lose nothing,
and may gain much. If they succeed, and'es-
tablish permanently their independence, they
will, in addition to independence, possess all
the advantages of members of this Union; for
their independence, being "unconstitutional,"
will be "null and void." If they fail, "they
will still possess all the rights and privileges
of loyal States. Their generals will be made
Governors of States, and presidents of rail-
roads, colleges, &c., and their leaders _will
generally be distinguished by their "instinct-
ive frankness and honor." Let them under-
stand that this is the manner in which "trai-
tors" are to be hung and "treason" made
"odiousand what more could they ask?
If the theory which we are considering be
correct, then we are the most cruel of tyrants
and usurpers, for we have been and are still
doing in the South what the General Govern-
ment has no power to do in the States.
If instead of eleven States, all the States had,
on the same day, seceded and set up independ-
ent governments, if each had refused to aid in
electing a President and Vice President, and
had refused to send Senators and Representa-
tives to Congress, if each State had thus refused
to have any part, or lot in the Union, and had
each seized all the Government property within
its limits—if all the United States officers and
employes, findingthemselves unsupported, had
gone home, where would the Union be of which
all these States would still be "unimpaired
members?" If rebellion in eleven States can-
not destroy their membership as States in this
Union, it could not destroy the membership of
throe times eleven States.
Every vestige of the Union might thus be
destroyed, and yet, according to this theory, the
Union would still be unimpaired; and I again
ask, where would that Union be and what
would it be? If under such circumstances it
would be merely in a catalepsy, I fear the attack
would be a very serious one.
We thus see that the theory of State immor-
tality will not bear the test of reason and of
facts, and we will therefore leave this part of
the subject and proceeds consider the best
mode of reconstructing into real States those
territories which, as we have seen, have resulted
from the suicidal destruction of the so-called
rebel States.
At the very threshold of this subject, we are
met by two questions of vast importance,
neither of which have yet been answered: 1.
What shall be done with the rebels? 2. What
shall be done with the negroes?
The first of these questions would be easily
answered if we had a hell to put our rebels in,
as the Almighty had for His rebels ; but as we
lack that one little convenience, we should take
that course which will best secure justice to
them and safety to the nation.
Strict justice, according to the laws of all
nations, would require that the rebels all suffer
an ignominious death ; but since the President
of the United States has granted them their
lives aud the liberty of their persons, I will not
now question thcirriglit to enjoy what has thus
been given them. To grant them more than
these, however, would at present bo inconsist-
ent with the safety of the loyal people of the
South, and indeed of the whole nation, and I
deny that the President or any one else has the
right or authority to favor rebels at the expense
of loyal people.
By the laws of nations, the rebels have for-
feited every vestige of right and title to their
