1866.
THE COJSTGRESSIOFAL'GLdBE.
before the 10th-day of May next, complying with the
statutory regulations applicable to the case: Pro-
vided, ihat five days'notice of any proposed exam-
ination of witnesses shall be sufficient.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Wisconsin that the first
resolution would not be in order now; but the
other two resolutions proposing to recommit,
the whole matter to the Committee of Elec-
tions would be in order now.
Mr. PAINE. The Speaker has failed to
understand me. I merely gave notice that at
the proper time I would offer these resolutions.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposed the
gentleman desired to offer them now, if he
could do so under the rules.
Mr. PAINE. • No, sir, I desire to offer these
resolutions together.
The SPEAKER. That is not in order at
this time.
Mr. PAINE. Let me explain why I am un-
willing to offer the last two resolutions unless
accompanicd by the first.
I am unwilling that the case shall go to the
committee incumbered by a dispute about the
propriety of making the invalidity of the regis-
ter of the fifteenth district a ground for the re-
jection of the returns of the canvassers in that
district. Unless, therefore, these three resolu-
tions can go together I do not desire to offer
them.
Mr. GARFIELD. As those resolutions ex-
press in almost every particular what I desired
• to express in my resolution, and as these are
drawn by a member of the Committee of Elec-
tions and are doubtless in better shape than
mine is, I will accept them in place of mine.
Mr. BROOKS. It is now the 5th of April.
Between now and the 10th of May is a very
short time in which to repoll a district as largo
as the one in question.
The question was upon the resolution sub-
mitted by Mr. Paixe, and accepted by Mr.
<* Gakfiei.d in lieu of his own.
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Speaker, my purpose
on the present occasion is merely to explain my
own position, and to give some of the reasons
which will control the vote I shall give upon
the question now before the House.
I find from the report of (he Committee of
Elections that this contest arises in a congres-
sional district in the city of New York, which
cast 21,502 votes in the election in question.
Of that number the sitting member received
8,583 votes, the contestant rceeived8,J35votes,
and the thiid candidate received 4,54-1. In re-
ality, therefore, the contestant in the present
case did not receive, one half of the whole num-
ber of votes cast in that district by 2,340 votes.
Now, by the duties of my place, 1 find my-
self compelled to act as a judge between two
gentlemen of high respectability. And waiv-
ing all feelings of partisanship, which I know
are very powerful with me, if not with others,
I am disposed to do as between those gentle-
men what the dictates of justice may seem to
require. I do not claim to be as well versed
in the merits of this question, in the history
of the case and the evidence pertaining to tlie
case, as any one member of the Committee of
Elections. 1 may not presume to have that
knowledge. But I do claim that I have list-
ened attentively to the arguments which have
been made here ; 1 do claim that I have exam-
ined to some extent the reports of the majority
and the minority of the committee, and tin;
testimony upon which those reports are pred-
icated. And 1 am satisfied entirely that this
election, which took place on the 8th of Novem-
ber, 1804. was wholly irregular. 1 am satisfied
that the laws of the Slate of New York, pre-
scribing the way and manner in which these
congressional elections should be held, were
not complied with to any great extent by the
parties in interest, or rather by those to whom
the authority was given for superintending the
election. I am anther persuaded that numer-
ous frauds were practiced on the one side and
on the other; of this I can entertain no doubt.
T cannot doubt but that the registry was a
fraudulent one in many respeefs. Witnesses
have been sworn and examined who testified
that they themselves aided in making up the
registry by putting on the names of fictitious
persons, persons who had once lived in the-dis-
trict but had moved out of it, or had deceased.
Many things of this sort conspire to bring my
mind, as-1 think it must the mind of any can-
did man, to the conclusion that the election
itself was irregular.
The objections to the election, as given to us
by the majority of the Committee of Elections,
are brought to bear more especially upon the
fifteenth district of the eighteenth ward arid
seventh district of the twenty-first ward. And
they give the reasons why the returns from
those districts should be rejected. I cannot
say but that my judgment approves of the rea-
sons deduced by the majority of the committee
for rejecting these returns.
Now, when we have done that, when you
have rejected from those two districts votes to
the number of 835 ; in the fifteenth district re-
jecting for the sitting member 221 votes, and
for the contestant 57 votes; and m the seventh
district rejecting for the sitting member 100
votes and for the contestant 71 votes; when
we have done that, where do we find ourselves?
It will be noticed that those two districts gave
heavy majorities for the sitting member. But
they are swept away, so that his large majori-
ties in those districts count for nothing-.
But the vote is different in one other district,
the thirteenth district, of the twenty-first ward,
to which the sitting member took exception on
the ground that there wero such irregularities
there that they rendered the election return
invalid. In that district the sitting member
received only 136 votes, while the contestant
received 394 votes, and the third candidate but
27 votes. Now it is alleged that at one period
during the canvass in this district, all three of
the inspectors or canvassers left the polls and
retired to a drinking-house, and were absent,
as was conceded by my friend who has just
argued the case for the majority of the com-
mittee, [Mr. SiiEi.LAiiAiiuEH,] for the space of
twenty minutes.
Aud I call upon the House now to bear me
witness when I say that 1 gave that learned and
ingenious gentleman a fair opportunity to ex-
plain to this llouse how he could cure this
defect in the transaction in that district. • It
has been shown that the canvassers, one and
all, went to a drinking-house and werq absent
for twenty minutes, leaving the ballots upon a
table where any and all persons could have
access to them, and where the ballot-box could
have been stuffed to any extent. I gave the
gentlemen full opportunity to explain why the
committee did not also reject the returns from
that district.
Sir, his reply was given witli a great deal
of assurance; and my learned friend and col-
league, being a good lawyer, has the skill when
he ieels that he is arguing on the weaker side,
to put on an air of assurance and speak in an
impressive tone of voice. Said he, '"1 can
answer the question readily. The constitution
and the laws did not sanction that adjourn-
ment of those canvassers for that space of time,
hence the committee found no defect there what-
ever."
Mr. SHELLABARGER. My colleague en-
tirely misapprehended me.
Mr. SPALDING. If I have made any mis-
take, I will yield (o the gent leman with pleasure I
for an explanation. t
Mr. SnELLABARGER. I do not mean to !
say whether the gentleman misapprehended ,
my manner: but he has misunderstood what 1 I
said. I said'that, as I understood the matter,
what occurred was not an adjournment or post-
ponement within the meaning of the laws of
New York. 1 further said that the weight of
the testimony showed that, even if an adjourn-
ment within the meaning of the law did occur,
it did not take place until after tlic canvass had
been completed. I said, moreover, that I
would not go into that question more fully,
because, so far as it had not been discussed, it
would be discussed by the able chairman of
the committee, and T did riot desire' t$e
Hcftise should be wearied by..listening to'TOb
argument twice. Let me add, with the per-
mission of my colleague, that so little iaijor-
tance was attached to that qiifestion i,n the. dis-
cussions before the committee th&'t, so
recollect, it was not orally argued by any one.
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Speaker, I tliini I
have done no injustice to my colleague, I
stated substantially his reply: that th"e adjourn-
ment from the polls to the liquor shop was not
under any law. The gentleman now admits
it. Sir, I ask what differe ee did it make"
whether the adjournment was according to law
or against the law? Could not the same frauds
have been perpetrated in the one case &sin
the other? ',
The gentleman says that the votes had been
counted. Sir, I learn from the report of the
minority that the votes had simply beeti sortefi
in bunches of tens; they had not been counted
to ascertain how many votes there.wero for
one candidate or the other. They were simply
set apart in tens upon the table, and they could
bo interfered with as readily as if they had not
been sorted at all.
The gentleman, I admit, said that this objec-
tion would be answered more fully by the chair-
man of the committee in the closing argument.
That undoubtedly will be so ; and perhaps the
argument of the chairman will satisfy my mind
in reference to this point. But I must be per-
mitted to say that I find some presumptive evi-
dence in support of the position that frauds
may have intervened while those gentlemen
went out to the liquor shop. While the vote
of the sitting member falls very considerably
below the vote given for McClellan, for Presi-
dent, the vote of the contestant surpasses by a
considerable number tlic vote given for Abra-
ham Lincoln in the same precinct. McClel-
lan rcccived 185 votes, Brooks 134; Lincoln
370, Dodge 394. Now, sir, if we are to draw
inferences from such facts as these, there may
arise an inference of fraud in this rcspect, in
consequence of the opportunity given for fraud
by the retiring of the canvassers on the occa-
sion referred to.
But, Mr. Speaker, the weighty consideration
with me in this case is that we are sitting here,
not so much in the character of judges between
the sitting member and the contestant, as to
protect the rights of the people of the city of
New York, who are constitutionally entitled to
representation here." And I say that we have
no right to reject the sitting member in conse-
quence of the irregularity of the returns made
in two precincts where the votes were returned
greatly in his favor while we accept the returns of
precincts which gave his opponent a majority,
aud in regard to which the objection to the
validity of the return is equally strong, thus
unseating one gentleman and seating another
irrespective of the wishes of the people of the
district. "Why, sir, if the main argument of my
colleague [Mr. Shellabakgee] be sound, we
may go on through the agency of a committee
and reject, the returns of one district after an-
other oil the ground of some irregularities, until
finally we reduce the number of votes to 100
from a district casting 20,000, and then we may
declare that, those 100 votes should entitle a
man to a seat on the floor of Congress. Sir,
it will never do to adopt such a rule as that.
.Never; never. It will not answer for the gen-
tlemen to say ihevcan break down the popular
will by casting out the returns of two or three
or four districts, and then requiring of some
sitting member, or of some contestant, to show
by affirmative proof how eachindividualvot.es.
It strikes me that is requiring an impossibility
at the hands of either the sitting member or
the contestant, to go into the wards of the city
of New York, where the population is tran-
sient, changing every twenty-four hours; where
it is"difficult at any time to trace them, and re-
quire three or four months afterward proof as
to each individual voter, and as to how each
individual voter voted.
1 ha,'e brought, my mind to the c.unlusion,
Mr. Speaker, that. we can do justice only in one
