3716
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
Eeeted by jjie whole country. The question
ad been largely agitated, and after long con-
sideration had been placed before Congress in
due form as agreed upon by the parties inter-
ested. It is true the duties are high, but so
fair were they deemed that thi§ part of the
bill has encountered little or no opposition in
the House. Can it be that the enemies to
higher duties on wool* have laid in ambush
with the purpose of defeating in the end the
whole bill? I cannot believe it. This sort of
tactics in the end cannot prevail. The interest
is too large and much too worthy to be sacri-
ficed in this way. Gentlemen may find that it
is not go safe now as it may have been in the
days of John Randolph to " go a mile out of
the way to kick a sheep." The wool-growers
are a power throughout the land, and legisla-
tors will find they cannot bo treated with con-
tempt.
The rates upon flax and linen goods have
been increased, first to obtain additional rev-
enue and to increase if possible the home de-
mand for flax, as the culture of that article for
the seed alone is surely much less profitable to
the farm and the farmer than it would be if
cultivated for the fiber. The increased rates
npori crockery-ware will give increased rev-
enue, and besides that, having the best raw
materials for its manufacture, found all the way
from New Jersey to Missouri, we ought not to
be so largely dependent on Europe that we can-
not sit down to an ordinary dinner without call-
ing in the resources of France, Germany, and
Great Britain for the common utensils of the
table. I have no doubt the House will fix the
duty upon railread iron satisfactorily. "We
have no time now to present a new bill if this
should be rejected. There is no doubt the
Senate will speedily remove whatever may
cause some of our friends to hesitate about
voting for the bill, and with some little prim-
ing I have just as little doubt, while our cur-
rency remains in anything like its present
magnificent proportions, it will yield as much
or more revenue as will our existing law.
In regard to those articles for which the
British Provinces seek our markets, it has ap-
peared to me, while their admission free of
duty was wholly incompatible with our inter-
ests, that a moderate system of duties would
prove the wisest economy. If the rates were
kept within proper bounds no considerable
part of the revenue collected would be paid by
our own people, but it would fall entirely on
the other side. If raised too high we should
compel them to find other markets, which can-
not be done without a severe struggle and great
loss. Besides this, by high duties we shall
drive the Provinces to make a market at home
to consume their own products by setting up
enterprises which do not exist now for the pro-
duction of articles which they now obtain of
us, or we shall compel them to go where ex-
changes can be made on better terms. The
rates in the original bill seemed to me as too
severe, and these have been in some instances
largely increased, but I hope the House, on re-
flection, will not adhere to the extreme posi-
tions taken. Let us not have on our statutes
anything with the appearance of passion. Wo
cap maintain our just rights firmly without
spite. The time will undoubtedly come when
these Provinces will find shelter under the stars
and stripes. We are in no hurry. Meantime
they buy corn and pork of us. They buy nearly
as much coal of us as we do of them. Is it,
then, sound policy for us to fix such rates as
would, if adopted by them, shut these articles
out of their markets? I submit the question
to the decision of the House. We can afford
to be just, but we cannot afford belligerent
legislation without adequate provocation.
I have some doubt whether we can afford to
reduce the duties upon tflf and coffee until
after our floating debt shall have been perma-
nently funded. I know it is the practice of
England to obtain a large revenue from these
articles which distributes the tax without much
regard to persons. The aristocracy of birth
and wealth govern there and our policy should
be different. Except in great exigencies, such
as now exist, these articles, as well as sugar,
should be free or nearly so. Let the tax fall
heavily upon articles of luxury or such as min-
ister to vicious tastes and habits, but lightly on
the prime necessaries of life. Property, not
persons, should here bear the heaviest part of
taxation. For another year, however, I think
the present tax should be retained.
The information received by the Committee
of Ways and Means from the many delegations
before us impressed the committee with the
opinion that aid must be given in the tariff, or
our factories, shops, and forges must cease their
operations, leaving us to look for most of our
supplies of goods from foreign importation,' as
well as leaving us dependent for whatever'reve-
nue the Treasury is to obtain entirely upon the
duties on the importation of foreign goods and
merchandise. Whether this break would oc-
cur in the abscnco of the proposed legisla-
tion, or if it should occur how long it would
continue, others must judge. It does not seem
possible to place the business of the country
upon a proper footing until we return to specie
payments. No duties that we impose, until
that time, will be likely to prove prohibitory.
Then a tariff sufficient to obtain the amonnt,
of revenue we shall require, and one which
shall not actually discriminate against Ameri-
can industry, will be satisfactory to all parts
of the country.
The foreign articles from which we derive
the most of onr revenue are either articles of
luxury required to satisfy the taste or^the pride
of those both able and willing to pay'for them,
or they are such as can be and ought to be pro-
duced or made by our own people. Taxation
upon these articles is certainly greatly to be
preferred to any kind of internal taxation. But
the importing merchant steadily prefers to sell
all sorts of foreign rather than American mer-
chandise, and labors to persuade the people
that it is for their interest to buy where they
can buy cheapest, forgetting that the American
purchaser has an equal interest in the prices
of the commodities he has to sell as in those
which he buys, and that unless he can sell his
own products at remunerative prices he cannot
buy at all. _ Ask the merchant why he prefers
to sell foreign goods and his ready answer is
that he can realize more profits upon such
sales than upon the sale of American goods.
Their actual cost is always a myth; the styles
cannot instantly be reproduced and duplicated;
when made to order or otherwise a monopoly
is more easily obtained ; but American goods
have no secrets ; only fair and regular prof-
its can be charged; and Miss Flora McFlimsey
will not wear goods made at Manchester, New
Hampshire, lest she finds the same pattern on
Bridget the next week, and she will not place
on the floor of her sumptuous drawing-room a
Lowell carpet lest she might recognize in her
summer rambles'among her country cousins the
same figure in a rt>om only fourteen feet square.
Princely fortunes are made upon capital em-
barkedin a foreign trade. Its sympathies are
all for its perpetuation, and it is blind to the
fact that an increase of American productions
would enable our people -to consume even
larger quantities of those brought from abroad.
Woolen and cotton manufacturers have had
various fortunes in our country, and if they
have made any large and exceptional dividends
for the past few years it may be accounted for
mainly from the fact that they are compelled
to hold stocks both of raw materials and of
goods on hand, which usually amount to as
much as their entire capital. A small rise on
such stocks makes a large figure in dividends.
But these parties, sooner or later, have got to
return to a specie standard, and it is difficult
to see how they are to do this without being
subjected to a reversal of the process by which
profits have heretofore been made when gold
advanced in price. Few prudent men, at any
rate, would now esteem it a good time to buy
or hold manufacturing stocks. * Some of these
dividends are made on shares of capital stock
now rated at $100, which originally cost $1,000
each; and some of these companies of no more
than a million of capital have paid the Gov-
ernment the past year over $400,0U0 in taxes.
A oareful examination made by competent par-
tics, I am informed, shows that, taking the en-
tire capital invested in woolen manufactures
since 1825 the whole has not yielded over two
per cent, per annum; many of the companies
making heavy losses, others making no divi-
dends for years, while a few have done remark-
ably well. But the importers and holders of
large stocks of foreign goods within the past
five years have made heavy gains quite as often
as- any other class of men in the country. It is
all well enough for them, but any such luck on
the part of manufacturers seems to be a crime.
My State is almost purely an agricultural
State, and I care nothing for manufacturers
only as I regard them as a great public benefit
to the nation and to the places where they are
located; and I wish there were, as there ought
to be, one hundred tho'usand more of them
to-day employed in Vermont. That is the only
way we can hope for any considerable improve-
ment in our future prosperity, and it is the
shortest way for any great and solid improve-
ment in many of our western States. With
this a steady growth in wealth and population
may be justly anticipated, and we can welcome
all the immigrants that may arrive on our
shores without fear of crowding any of the pur-
suits of life, but all the time preserving that
equilibrium which should exist among all those
engaged in agriculture, commerce, manufac-
tures, and the mechanic arts.
Congress has now been in session more than
seven months. After labors the most incessant
and after the disposal of questions of unprece-
dented gravity we find ourselves exhausted and
anxious to return to our respective homes. We
must not be too eager to rush to the approach-
ing field of autumn politics. One subject more
demands our consideration. Its difficulties,
though great, are far from being insurmount-
able. Our broad country has many and varied
interests, increasing in importance year by
year, and we, as the representatives of the
nation, are bound to look over the whole field
and enfold them within our guardianship. A
generous feeling, to be just to all parts of the
Union, doubtless animates every breast. The
palpitating interests of every section of our
country command equal regard. Congress reg-
ulates commerce. Whatever their wants may
be the States can do nothing. Over four hun-
dred millions, and reckoned in our currency
over six 'hundred millions, of foreign goods
were last year purchased by our people. This
immense trade absorbs the means sorely needed
to fund our national debt, now rapidly falling
due, and threatens to paralyze the chief sources
of our internal revenue. Let us, then, shirk
no real duty and be frightened at no unreal ob-
stacles. We cannot each one of us hope to
triumph at all points in any tariff bill—much
of the business of life is a compromise—but let
us adhere to our work, like the gallant chief-
tain, Grant, "if it takes all summer," until
we have brought out something which will sat-
isfy the just expectations of the people; and
then, congratulating ourselves upon harmoni-
ous action' at last, we shall joyfully quit these
heated Halls and depart, sure of a welcome
home.
Mr. DELANO next addressed the House.
[His remarks will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to give notice
that I shall endeavor to reach a vote on this
question at half past three o'clock.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. It is riot
necessary, Mr. Speaker, for me to say that I
am in favor of the policy of protecting domes-
tic manufactures and of encouraging in every
way the development of all the great produc-
tive resources of our country. Agriculture is
the true foundation of national wealth and
prosperity. That foundation is insignificant
or grand according to the superstructure upon
it. Agriculture cannot flourish by itself; it
must be aided by diversity of employment
among the people, in order that those engaged
