n 2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
property, which is now, to all intents and pur-
poses, vested in the United States; and once so
vested T do not think that it ean be divested,
except by the people themselves, or by their
Representatives in Congress.
. Four billion dollars of this property may justly
be regarded as funds in the United States Treas-
ury for the payment of the public debt; and to
give this vast sum to the aristocratic leaders of
the rebellion would be conferring upon them a
dangerous power, and wo,uld besides be indi-
rectly taking the money from the pockets of
loyal men, who would then be compelled, by
taxation, to pay that debt. This would be very
Unjust, and 1 do not think that the Presidentof
the United States has any more right to give
tfcis property to the rebels than he has to give
them any other property belonging to the people.
W.hen the rebels inaugurated an unjust war
Against us, they knew what they were doingand
what they were risking; and with their eyes
open, they staked their lives and their fortunes
upon the result. They expected to gain all or
lose all. They neither expected to ask nor to
receive any favors from the United States, and
I assure you that they had no intention to grant
any favors to loyal men in the event that victory
decided in their (the rebels') favor. Does any
man here suppose that if the rebellion had suc-
ceeded a Federal soldier could have gone South
and regained possession of his property? Even
as it is, it is a very dangerous thing torn Union
man to return to his home in the South. Let
us, then, confiscate the property of the rebels,
or at least so much of it as will pay our entire
war debt. This could be done without reducing
any of the wealthy rebels to less than $10,000
worth of property.
This would be but a trifling indemnity for
the past; but it is, alas! all that we can ever
hope to receive. Can the rebels ever restore
the untold millions of property which they have
destroyed? Can they restoreto innocence and
happiness the thousands whom their unholy
war has lured or driven into the paths of vice ?
Can they bring joy to the hearts of the millions
of widows and orphans whose loved ones they
have slain? Can they restore to health and
vigor the six hundred thousand mutilated forms
that have returned, mere wrecks, from the field
of battle? Can they restore reason to the poor
maniacs whom they drove to insanity by their
unheard-of cruelty? Can they reanimate the
four hundred thousand cold forms of our heroic
dead? Can they recJotho in living tlcsh the
sixty thousand wasted skeletons that they tor-
tured to death by cold and hunger in the Libby,
andafrSalisbury, Audersonville, and Belle Isle?
Besides confiscating their property, I would
disfranchise the rebels until they could show an
unspottedrecord of loyalty for at least five years.
This I would do, not so much as a punishment
to them, as a security to the loyal people of the
South and of the nation. If the rebels are al-
lowed to vote, their ballots will be cast for our
destruction, as their bullets have heretofore
been, and it may be with more fatal effect. Can
any one doubt this who has any knowledge of
the bitter hatred which still exists among the
rebels toward our Government and all its
friends? Have the rebels ever admitted that
they were wrong? Have they surrendered their
treasonable doctrines of secession and State
rights? Do they not laud as heroes those who
have murdered the greatest number of Union
men? Do they not regard their dead as sainted
martyrs? Do they not sullenly show in a thou-
sand ways that they still cling to the hope of ul-
timate success ? Has treason made them more
loyal? Has war made them more friendly?
Has murder rendered them more humane?
Has perjury rendered them more honest? Have
all the horrible crimes of which they are guilty
rendered them better men and more worth}' of
our confidence? One year ago, and were they
not butchering, scathing, tearing out the hearts
of our fathers and brothers, or torturing them
to death by the mostunheard-of cruelties? And
now, with hands all covered with gore and wear-
ing the very garments which they tore from the
cold forms of our murdered dead, they have the
effrontery to ask equal rights and privileges with
the brave defenders of our country; and oh!
shame i they are met and embraced as broth-
ers by thousands from the North who have al-
ways claimed to be loyal.
These traitors may be "high-toned gentle-
men ;" they may be possessed of an instinct-
ive frankness and honor," but I cannot so see
them. I see them now as I saw them when
they were burning our homes, when they were
driving our wives and our little ones out in the
winter storms, when they were butchering our
gray-haired sires, tearing off their bloody scalps,
roasting their feet, or burning out their tongues.
As a southern man, I speak in behalf of the
loyal men of the South. Without a murmur
we sacrificed all we possessed. We foughtdur-
ing four long years, and thousands of our bravest
and best went down amid the thunder clouds of
battle. Our families were reduced to want,
and many sank under the weight of their suf-
ferings, and the wild winds of winter are now
wailing over their lowly beds.
We do not ask (hat the rebels be punished
for all this. We are willing to forgive them ;
but, in the name of Heaven, we do ask for pro-
tection, or, at least, for the privilege of protect-
ing ourselves. xVs to Missouri, we have but
little to ask. There we have got the rebels
under; and, by the Eternal, we mean to keep
them under. There are, however, millions of
loyal people just as true as ourselves, in other
portions of the South, who are not so fortunate
as we are. Their lives are never safe, and they
will soon bo crushed if the rebels are restored
to power. For them I plead. By every prin-
ciple of humanity, by its solemn pledges, by its
sacred honor, this Government is bound to pro-
tect them ; and this, in my opinion, can only be
done by holding the so-called rebel States as
United States Territories, andgoverningthemas
such until the loyal people, unintimidated by the
rebels, can form and present republican consti-
tufious and apply for admission as States. I
believe that Congress has full authority to de-
termine who shall vote in those Territories, and
it is bound to see that all the loyal citizens are
allowed a voice in the conventions that meet to
frame the new State constitutions. The rebels
should have no part nor lot in the formation of
those constitutions, and their restoration to the
elective franchise should devolve upon the loyal
State governments after such have been estab-
lished. In this way the safety of the loyal peo-
ple ean be secured, peace and order established,
and slavery forever abolished.
But what shall be done with the negroes? I
have sufficiently answered this question already
by including them among the citizens of the
Territories, concerning which 1 have been speak-
ing. Of course all the loyal citizens should
have a voice in the formation of the new State
constitution; and if they'were so unwise as to
insert the word white in those constitutions I
would have nothing more to say; while if none
but whites were allowed a voice in framing those
constitutions, I would not consider thein repub-
lican in form if they ostracized any citizen on
account of race or color. If none but blacks
were allowed a voice in the framing of those
constitutions, and they should ostracize any cit-
izen on account of race or color, I would also
reject their constitutions as not republican in
form.
I am prepared to be met here by the thousand
and one hackneyed objections to negro suffrage.
These objections have been often and ably re-
futed in this House, and by the loyal press
throughout the nation; and I do not now pro-
pose to notice them in detail. The only one,
indeed, which is worthy of notice is the want of
intelligence among the negroes. This is a rea-
sonable, but by no means an insurmountable
objection. The same objection could, with
equal justice, be urged against four fifths of the
whites of the South. Some evils would, no
doubt, attend the enfranchisement of four mil-
lion ignorant blacks and half a million equally
ignorant whites, none of whom have ever been
accustomed to think or act for themselves ; yet
those evils would be comparatively unimpor-
tant, and would soon disappear when those
masses become more enlightened.
The experience of the past proves that the
dangers we have to fear arise more from the
corrupt principles of those who are intelligent
than from the ignorance of those who are not.
The most intelligent classes of the South were the
most uniformly disloyal. Intelligence among
the people is of vast importance, but dearly
have we learned that pure and unswerving loy-
alty is of a thousand times more importance.
The Union did not save the southern whites
through their intelligence, nor did it lose the
blacks through their ignorance. The whites
with all their intelligence were traitors, the
blacks with all their ignorance were loyal; and
thus we have at least one instance in which
the negroes, with all their disadvantages, have
shown themselves worthy of trust; and I, for
one, am willing to trust them again. They
have shown themselves sufficiently intelligent
to be, as a class, sober, honest, industrious,
loyal, and brave; and this, among American
citizens, is the most important kind of intelli-
gence. They know enough to cast bullets with
judgment, and I have no doubt but that they
would soon learn to cast ballots with equal
judgment. A very little intelligence is suffi-
cient to distinguish between right and wrong,
loyalty and treason, and whoever knows enough
to do that is intelligent enough to fight and to
vote. The philosopher who can explain the
composition of gunpowder and the chemical
and mechanical powers brought into action in
the use of fire-arms, is very little superior in
battle to the loyal and brave, but unlettered
rustic who merely knows enough to clap one
eye shut, take deliberate aim. and kill his rebel.
The philosopher who has ransacked whole libra-
ries only knows enough to cast his vote for the
right: the rustic, guided only by the prompt-
ings of an honest and loyal heart, knows enough
to do the same.
Somebody must vote in the South, and for
my part 1 would rather it should be the loyal
party, though they are mostly ignorant and
black.
Of course they would commit some blunders
at first, but they would soon learn. Practice
in voting, as in all other things, makes perfect,
and there can be no perfection without practice.
If you wish them to loam the art of swimming
wiil you forbid them the use of water until! hey
have become expert swimmers? Will you re-
fuse them the use of books until they have be-
come good readers? Will you refuse them the
use of pens until they have become good writers ?
Will you refuse them the use of instruments
until they have become good musicians? And
ean you, with any more reason, refuse them the
use of the ballot, until they have become good
voters? How can you expect them or anybody
else to learn when you withhold from tliem the
only means by which they could learn?
If, however, you must have a suffrage quali-
fied by intelligence, fix your standard, apply it
impartially to all without regard to race or color,
and I will not so seriously object, though it
would, at this time, cut off nineteen twentieths
of the loyal people of the South, both black and
white.
I have thus far considered the subject of
impartial suffrage in the southern territories
merely with reference to its practicability. I
shall now proceed to consider it with reference
to its justness and its necessity.
In the first place, then, though we may deny
that the loyal blacks have any right to the elect-
ive franchise, we must nevertheless grant it to
them in order thus to protect the loyal whites,
whom all admit we are bound to protect. From
the best accounts I can obtain, the loyal whites
constitute less than one twentieth part of the en-
tire population oftheseterritories, and less than
one twelfth of the white population. If, then,
we disfranchise the loyal blacks, what hope
will remain to the loyal whites after the Federal
troefps arc withdrawn and the rebels restored to
power? I venture the prediction that at the end
of one year, there would not be a hundred thor-
ough Union men in the South that would dare
