1796
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
way here, and that is, where the returns are so
defective as these were, to send the matter back
to the people of the district and let them elect
a member of Congress agreeably to the laws
of the State of New York. With that disposi-
tion of the question the people of New York
will have no reason to complain, and the peo-
ple of other States will have no reason to com-
plain. We shall satisfy justice and satisfy the
dictates of our own consciences, which is much
better
Mr. DAWES. I take the floor to call the
previous questicjp, but I will yield the floor to
the sitting member if he desires to be heard.
Mr. BROOKS. I do desire to be heard.
Mr. GARFIELD. Allow me to say that I
understood my resolution, as modified by the
gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine,] was
so drawn as to confine the investigation to the
fifteenth district of the eighteenth ward. I see
it is not so stated definitely, and I want that
added.
Mr. PAINE. Such was my object, and I will
modify it accordingly.
evening session dispensed with.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the session
for this evening be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that they had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled Senate bill
No. 80, for the relief of J. B. Rittenhouse,
fleet paymaster of the Pacific squadron, when
the Speaker signed the same.
new york contested election again.
Mr. BROOKS addressed the House. [His
speech, when concluded, will be found in the
Appendix.] Without concluding his speech,
he yielded to
Mr. HALE, who said: If the gentleman does
not desire to complete his argument this after-
noon, 1 will ask him to give way to a motion
to adjourn.
Mr. BROOKS. I will yield for that pur-
pose.
Mr. HALE. I now move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. DAWES. Before the vote is taken,
allow me to suggest to my friend from New
York [Mr. Brooks] that he continue his argu-
ment until half past four, unless he is about
to enter upon a new bragch of his argument.
Mr. BROOKS. I am just approaching a new
branch of the subject.
Mr. DAWES. Very well.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Will the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Hale] withdraw the mo-
tion to adjourn for a few moments, that some
Senate bills on the Speaker's table may bo
taken up and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, which will meet to-morrow morning?
It will take but a few moments.
Mr. HALE, f will withdraw the motion for
that purpose.
supreme court, district 0v columbia.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, Sen-
ate bill No. 184, to define more clearly the
jurisdiction^ and powers of the supreme court
ot'the District of Columbia, and for other pur-
poses, was taken from the Speaker's table, read
a first and second lime, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
On motion of Mr. WILS0NJ of Iowa, Sen-
ate bill No. 43, to prescribe the mode of set-
tling the accounts of the clerk of the supreme
court of the District, of Columbia, was taken
from the Speaker's tabic, read a first and seer
ond time, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
supreme court reports.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, Sen-
ate bill No. 186, amendatory of an act to pro-
vide for the reports of the decisions of the
Snpreme Court of the United States, was taken
froin the Speaker's table, read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
the.) ndiciary.
reorganization of the judiciary.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, of Iowa,^ Sen-
ate bill No. 103, to reorganize the judiciary
of -the United States, was taken from_ the
Speaker's table, read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the J udiciary.
rear admiral hiram paulding.
On motion of Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts,
Senate joint resolution No. 53, authorizing
Rear Admiral Hiram Paulding to accept a dec-
oration from the King of Italy, was taken from
the Speaker's table, read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
hydro graphic office, navy department.
On motion of Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts,
Senate bill No. 174, to establish a hydrographic
office in the Navy Department, was taken from
the Speaker's table, read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed joint resolutions of the following titles,
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 56) authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to adjust the
claim of Beals & Dixon against the United
States; and
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 51) respecting
bounties to colored soldiers, and the pensions,
bounties, and allowances to their heirs.
Italsoannouncedthatthe Senate had passed,
without amendment, House bills of the follow-
ing titles:
An act (H. R. No. 420) to provide arms and
ammunition for the defense of the inhabitants
of Dakota Territory; and
An act (II. R. No. 215) for the benefit of
John W. Gamble.
It also announced that the Senate had con-
curred in amendments of the House to Senate
bills of the following titles:
An act (S. No. SO) for the relief of J. B.
Rittenhouse, fleet paymaster of the Pacific
squadron; and
An act (S. No. 80) granting a pension to
Sarah Fitzgibbon.
frauds of claim agents. 1
Mr. BUNDY, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution:
Whereas there are certain persons located in thecity
of Washington, who style themselves claim agents,
professing to hare special facilities for thecollection
of soldiers'claims against the Government of the Uni-
ted States; and whereas such persons as such agents
have in theirpossession and under their control a large
number oi claims belonging to soldiers and sailors, cov-
ering vast sums ofmoneys,which must pass through the
hands of such claim agents or attorneys; and whereas
eertainoftlioseagentshavecollcctedandappropriated
to their private use, moneys arising from such claims
and refuse to pay tho same to the rightful owners
thereof; and whereas there is no law providing for
the adequate punishment of such dishonest agents or
attorneys: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
instructed to report a bill which will more effectually
protect the soldiers and sailors in securing the pay-
ment of all moneys which may come into the hand."
of such agentsor attorneys, by providing that all de-
faulting agents or attorneys shall be declared guilty
of embozzloment, and shall be punished in the same
manner as is or may be provided for the punishment
oi embezzlement or grand larceny.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask the consent of
the House to say a word or two for tho purpose
of giving notice to the soldiers throughout the
country of a fraud which is being perpetrated
upon them by these claim agents.
. The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no objec-
tion, and the gentleman will proceed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 have recently re-
ceived numerous letters from soldiers in Illi-
nois, who inform me that claim agents in Wash-
ington are sending them circulars promising
them fabulous amounts in the shape of bounty
and land-warrants. I have received letters
from soldiers asking me to procure their land-
warrants for them, inquiring whether I could
not get them for less than the sum for which
these claim agents offer to procure them. These
agents are sending circulars all over the coun-
try, representing that the soldiers are entitled
to bounties and land-warrants, in anticipation
of some law of Congress granting land-warrants
and equalizing bounties. These agents inform
the soldiers that they are entitled to large sums
as bounty and to land-warrants for one hun-
dred and sixty acres of land, and ask them to
send their discharges and other documentary
proof.
Now, sir, I desire to give notice to the coun-
try, and I hope that the reporter of the Asso-
ciated Press will publish it in his report, that
it, may extend to every part of the country,
that these claim agents in the city of Washing-
ton, as a class—there may-be exceptions—are
a set of infernal rascals and cheats, utterly
unworthy to be trusted.
The SPEAKER. As this subject has been
referred to, the Chair, if the House will in-
dulge him, desires to make a single remark.
A claim agent, named George E. Lemon,
called upon the occupant of the chair, asking
authority to refer to him in the prosecution of
his business, which permission was positively
refused. Circulars were, however, sent over
the country, using the name of the Speaker of
the House as a referee for this agent; and the
Chair is every day engaged in answering let-
ters of inquiry from soldiers and others, and in-
forming them that he never gave any authority
for the use of his name in that manner.
Mr. GRINNELL. I desire to say that this
same individual has used my name in the
same way without authority, and I have also
received these letters of inquiry. I have no
knowledge of the person whatever.
Mr. MORRILL. One of my constituents
has inquired of me whether there is any such
person as the individual who has been named.
I have not, on inquiry, been able to find any
such person, but I have found his name re-;
corded in the Pension Bureau as a licensed
claim agent.
The resolution was agreed to.
district of columbia bills.
On motion of Mr. INGERSOLL, the follow-
ing Senate bills were taken from the Speaker's
table, severally read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee for the District
of Columbia:
.An act (S. No. 167) to incorporate the
Women's Hospital Association of the District
of Columbia;
An act (S. No. 185) to preserve evidence of
marriages in the District of Columbia;
An act (S. No. 177) to incorporate the Na-
tional Safe Deposit Comjiapy of Washington,
in the District of Columbia;
An act (S. No. 158) to facilitate the settle-
ment of the accounts of the Trea surer of the
United States, and to secure certain moneys to
tho people of the United States or to persons
to whom they are due and who arc entitled to
receive the same;
An act (S. No. 40) to prescribe the mode
of settling the accounts of the clerk of the
supreme court of the District of Columbia;
An act (S. No. 218) exempting the property
of debtors in tho District of Columbia from
levy, attachment, or sale on execution;
An act (S. No. 00) enlarging the powers of
the levy court of the county of Washington, in
the District of Columbia; and
An act. (S. No. 51) to incorporate the Poto-
mac Navigation and Transportation Company
of the District of Columbia.
leave of absence.
On motion of Mr. HOTCHKISS, leave of
absence was granted to Mr. Hubbard, of New
York. '
gunboat for liberia.
Oji motion of Mr. BANKS, Senate hill No.
229, to authorize the President of the United
States to transfer a gunboat to the Government
of Liberia, was taken from the Speaker's table^
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
