1866.
THE CONGKESSKMAL GL&M
to own their principles. They would be killed,
driven out, or forced to succumb to the over-
whelming tide of treason. This is the opinion
of all my Union friends in the South with whom
I am corresponding; it is the opinion of my old
friend, the Delegate from Louisiana ; it is the
opinion of my colleagues here, and it is the
opinion of all who know the real spirit of the
rebels.
It would be folly to think of putting the gov-
ernments of the South into the hands, exclu-
sively, of the loyal whites. Thereare not enough
of them who can read and write to till the of-
fices, and even if there were, their governments
would be quickly swamped by the exasperated
millions of rebels on one side, and the equally
formidable hosts of justly incensed slaves on the
other.
It would be still greater folly to think of
always governing the South by military power.
'We could not bear the expense, and the longer
we keep our armies there the worse the rebels
hate us. Soon that burning hatred would burst
out in war more terrible than has yet been known.
Many of the rebels do not deny that they intend
to renew the struggle at no distant day. Some
of the nearest relatives I have on earth are reb-
els, and they refuse to correspond with me, on
the ground that we will soon be again arrayed
against each other in a more bloody struggle
than that through which we have just passed.
Having betrayed our faith with the loyal blacks
in this struggle, we could hardly count on their
aid in the next. If they did not help our ene-
mies, they would be likely to help themselves,
and who eo,uld blame them ?
Thus we see that necessity compels us to give
the elective franchise to the loyal blacks; and
we will now consider whether the eternal laws
of liberty and justice do not require the same.
If the negroes are men, they are entitled to the
rights of men. If it be true that " all men': in re-
gard to their rights "are born equal," then what-
ever is the inalienable right of one man or one
Kice of men is undeniably the inalienable right
of all men and all laces. If it be true that we
should do unto others as we would that they
should do unto us, and if we would not that the
African race should deprive us of any of our ina-
lienable rights, how dare we, as a Christian peo-
ple. do so unto them ? And how can we hope for
God's blessing while we continue to violate this
His solemn commandment ? Have not the judg-
ments of the last live years been sufficient to
teach us wisdom, coming upon us, as all admit
they have, in direct consequence of the terrible
crime of slavery? For my part, I am satisfied
with our punishments, and am willing to do jus-
tice to all men, even to the despised negroes,
though in so doing I must do violence to preju-
dices, old almost as my life, and strong as my
innate passions.
Though I never was a pro-slavery man, yet
reared up in a slave State, and by ultra pro-
slavery parents, I unconsciously imbibed many
of their prejudices.
Besides the arguments already advanced, the
gratitude, the plighted faith of our nation binds
us to bestow upon the loyal blacks all the rights
of freemen. In the darkest hour of our coun-
try's need they never faltered, though their fidel-
ity to us subjected them to unheard-of outrages
and to death in a thousand terrible forms. Our
poor starved prisoners, escaping from the rebel
slaughter-pens, found no friend but the poor,
despised negro. He shared with them his own
scant fare, and in the darkness of the night led
them through swamps and over mountains to
the camps of their friends. When the war hung
in even balance, we called upon these poor
slaves to help us, and promised in return to
make them free. No danger, no obstacle
daunted them. By tens of thousands they poured
into our ranks, and soon a hundred thousand
threw themselves upon the foe. The scale soon
turned in our favor. Fort Wagner, Fort Pil-
low, Port Hudson, Petersburg, a score of bat-
tle-fields the most bloody and the most glorious,
all speak of their valor. As rushes the mighty
avalanche from the Alpine heights, so rushed
they amid the hot smoke and the thunders of
the battle upon the traitor foe. On, on, through
trenches, over ramparts, up to the very mouths
of the cannons that mowed them down, they
bore our flag to victory, while thousands, from
whose bosoms the hot blood wasgushing, turned
their glaring eyes upward to that "brave old
flag," and poured out their last breath in cheers
for victory and liberty. Poor, brave, deluded
men! They thought they were free. Our coun-
try had promised them freedom, and even in
dying they were happy because they thought it
was true. They did not know that the very
people for whom they were dying would have
shamelessly violated their solemn promise and
turned them over helpless into the hands of
their enraged and cruel masters. It would have
been better had they all died. Alas for those
who still live! They come home war-worn and
weary to find that their fond hope of liberty
was only a delusive dream.
They are greeted with, "We are done with you
niggers; now lay down your arms and either
leave the country, or go- to work for your old
rebel masters. This is a white man's country,
and you have no rights here which a white man
is bound to respect. We promised you free-
dom, it is true, and we have bargained with
your old masters not to call you slaves in the
future; but excepting the name, your condition
is not likely to be any better. Your old mas-
ters are enraged and will wreak their vengeance
upon your defenseless heads, but then you are
black." Oh, God! if it be such a crime to be
black, why hast thou made them thus?
Slavery is said to bo abolished. In name it
is, but not in rep-lity. Of right the negroes al-
ways were free; but what good did the right do
them when freedom itself was withheld ? So
with the name of freedom now, what good will
that do them if the substance is withheld? They
have been proclaimed free, but has that made
them so ? Were I to see you drowning, and
were to proclaim you free from that danger, and
then leave you without help, what good would
my proclamation do you ? Were I to find von
hungry and cold, and were merely to proclaim
that you were clothed and fed, would that proc-
lamation be real food and clothing?
It would certainly be as real as is the liberty
which we hav<  bestowed upon the slaves. We
have only deprived them of the protection of
their owners, who had the same interest in their
safety that, they had in the safety of their
horses or oxen. Now they have the protection
of no one, and are the slaves of all their ene-
mies. When the negro was an ox, he had the
protection of an ox. Now that he is half man
and half ox, he is regarded as a monster, and
receives no protection at all. Does not every
southern breeze still bring to our ears the sound
of the lash, the baying of the bloodhound, the
cries of the slave, ana the screams of murder?
And will not this condition-of things continue
until the negroes are either annihilated or driven
to terrible deeds of desperation. It certainly
will, unless we put them in acondition to defend
their own rights by giving them the elective
franchise. Let us then by a solemn act of
Congress declare the so-called rebel States to
be mere Territories. Let us then call upon all
the loyal people of those Territories, and none
but the loyal, to form constitutions, republican
in form, and apply for admission as States of
this Union. The power being thus established
in the hands of the loyal people, they would
be able to keep the rebels in subjection, and
we could recall our armies. Emigration, sure
of protection, would pour into those States,
and soon the element of treason would be
swallowed up and lost.
In conclusion, I will say that I hope all the
loyal States will soon erase from their statutes
those disgraceful distinctions which many of
them still make among their citizens on account
of color. Of my own State I am truly proud.
She is coming forth as a giant from the thunder
clouds of war, and is free. She is educating
her freedinen with reference to giving them the
electiva franchise at no distant day. I hope
the other States will do likewise, and that we
may all live to see our redeemed country glori-
ous among the nations, as indeed—
" The land of the free and the home of the brave."
[Applause in the galleries.]
And then, on motion of Mr. EOKLEY, (at
twenty minutes to ten o'clock p. ra.,) tite Hous®
adjourned. i • ~ ;
IN SENATE. " ;
Thursday, February 8, 1866. '
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
SENATOR FROM NOllTII CAROLINA.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I rise
to present the certificate of election of Hon.
John Pool, as a Senator from the State of North
Carolina, for the term ending March 4, 1867.
I owe it to the Senate and to Mr. Pool, as well:
as to myself, to state that he was, and is,^.nd
always has been, a devoted friend'of the Union.
He was a Union candidate for Governor of the
State of North Carolina in I860, before there
was any imminent danger of secession. He
canvassed the State, and opposed the secession
movement by every means in his power to the
very last moment. After the ordinance of se-
cession was passed he retired to private life, and
refused to take any part whatever in political
affairs, even to vote in local elections, for two
years. When the Union men of North Caro-
lina commenced a peace movement in order to
embarrass the rebellion, he threw himself into
the movement and drew down upon himself
both the anger and the persecution of the rebel
authorities and the sympathizers with the. re-
bellion. In 18(3-1, when peace meetings were
being held by the Union men of North Caro-
lina, and were sometimes suppressed by the
military authority of the rebels, and arrests
were made under the proclamation of Governor
Vance, he threw himself firmly into the opposi-
tion to those acts of the rebellion, and in favor
of the peace meetings and the peace candidates.
He took an active part in running Union or
peace candidates for the Legislature of North
Carolina, and consented himself to become a
candidate for that purpose, in order to embarrass
the movements of the rebellion. He introduced
resolutions into the State Senate for the appoint-
ment of commissioners to treat with the United
States for peace, and urged their passage, and
came within two votes of succeeding in carrying
them through the State Senate. From the be-
ginning, during the whole rebellion, and since,
lie has done all in his power to sustain the cause
of the [Jnion. After the war of blood was over,
he became actively engaged in favor of the re-
construction of the loyal State government of
North Carolina. He was elected to the State
convention for that purpose, and advocated the
passage of the resolution annulling and declar-
ing void from the beginning the act of secession
and all things growing out of it. Utider such
circumstances has he been elected to the Senate
of the United States.
As I said in the beginning, I deem it due to
the Senate and to him and to myself, in rising
to present his credentials as a Senator, to make
this statement of his character as a devoted
friend of the Government of the United States.
I ask that the credentials, for the present, lie
upon the table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
will be entered if there be no objection.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. GRIMES. I present the petition of J.
E. J ohnson, who prays Congress that the home-
stead law and all preemption laws of the United
States, except such as are provided in the Freed-
men's Bureau bill nowpending before Congress,
shall be suspended for the period of ten years,
and he further prays that warrants for three
hundred and twenty acres of land be issued to
all soldiers, their widows, or heirs, who enlisted
for three years prior to July 23,1863, and who
