1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2757
two hundred and eighty-three, strike out "at
the end of every month or within ten days there-
after" and insert "on or before the 10th day
of each month."
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to insert in line twenty-
two hundred and sixty-two, after the word
"thereto," these words, " with intent to evade
the provisions of this act."
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. COOK. I move to amend by inserting
at the end of the paragraph the following:
Provided, That in estimating sales of goods, wares,
and merchandise for the purposes of this section, any
sales made by or through another broker on commis-
sion shall not again be estimated and included as
sales by the party for whom the sale was made.
This precise provision has been incorporated
in another section of this bill on page 48. The
effect of it is to prevent duplicate taxes. All
the produce of the western country is sold, in
the first place, to persons who purchase at the
depots and villages on the canals and railroads
of the country. That produce is sold through
commission merchants at Chicago or Buffalo
or St. Louis. Under the ruling of the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue heretofore, a
duplicate tax upon such sales has been paid—■
one eighth charged to the first purchaser, one
tenth charged upon the same sale through the
broker. This amendment is offered to prevent
the duplication of these taxes. I will state, also,
that the amendment has been submitted to the
Committee of Ways and Means and approved
by them.
Mr. HOOPER., of Massachusetts. I think
that the gentleman misunderstands what it was
to which the Committee of Ways and Means
agreed. When a commission merchant takes
out a license as a wholesale dealer, if a sale is
made through another commission merchant,
and he paj'S the tax as a wholesale dealer, the
tax is not duplicated; but a sale by a broker,
like an auctioneeer, is a distinct and separate
way of selling, and that mode of selling is
taxed under this bill. It was not intended that,
the wholesale dealer, selling through a broker
or selling by auction, should be exempt from
tax as a wholesale dealer.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to under-
stand more clearly from the gentleman from
Massachusetts the views of the committee on
this question. If a merchant, for instance, at
Chicago buys ten thousand bushels of wheat,
which he ships to a broker at Buffalo, where
the wheat is sold, does the person at Chicago
pay the tax, and also the broker at Buffalo?
If the gentleman intends to be understood to
say that under the bill as it stands the tax is
to be duplicated in this way, then I certainly
think the amendment of the gentleman from
. Illinois should be adopted, because the person
who purchases the wheat at Chicago does so for
the purpose of selling it at Buffalo through an
agent. The sale at Buffalo is in fact a sale by
the merchant at Chicago. Yet, as I under-
stand, it is proposed to duplicate the tax by
taxing the whole amount of the sale made by
the broker at Buffalo, and also requiring the
shipper at Chicago to pay the tax on the whole
amount there. That is not right.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. In reply
to the gentleman from Iowa, I wish to state
that we had before us merchants from Chicago,
who directed the attention of the committee to
this very subject, and who were entirely satis-
fied with the provision which we inserted on the
fifty-eighth page, commencing on the nine hun-
dred and seventy-sixth line, the effect of which
is, that if they send to a commission merchant
at Buffalo to sell for them, the tax shall not be
duplicated in estimating their sales. But the
business of a broker and the business of an
auctioneer were considered entirely distinct
from that of a merchant who takes out his
license as a wholesale dealer; and the tax
paid by the broker or by the auctioneer was
considered as an additional tax to the tax paid
by the commission merchant, so that if a mer-
chant chooses to Hell through a broker or
through an auctioneer, the tax is to be paid.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. But, Mr. Chair-
man, the difficulty is, that when the sale is
made through a broker both the broker and
the owner of the goods are required to pay a
tax, though it is but one sale. The party in
Chicago does not sell to the broker in Buffalo,
but ships to him a cargo of wheat to be sold
for him. It is one transaction.
Mr. COOK. For the purpose of saying a
word further on this subject, I move to amend
the amendment by striking out the last word.
The proviso on page 48 effects a very differ-
ent tax from the one imposed in the section'
under consideration. For the purpose of fix-
ing the amount of license to be paid by the
wholesale dealer or by the broker, the sale, ac-
cording to the proviso on the forty-eighth page,
is not to be counted twice. Now, for the pur-
pose of fixing the tax on sales, to he paid by the
broker and the merchant, the same sale ought
not to be counted twice. The effect of it is, that
upon every pound of produce raised in the west-
ern country a tax is duplicated every time the
produce changes hands between the producer
and the final market. This is a tax which has
worked oppressively and grievously. It is not
just. Notwithstanding the remark of my friend
from Massachusetts, I undertake to say that
this provision was brought to the attention of
the Committee of Ways and Means. The gen-
tleman misapprehends, 1 think, the intention
of the committee in relation to this subject.
The very place where the amendment should
come in, and the very words in which it should
be couched, were certainly agreed upon between
the committee and myself.
I withdraw the amendment to the amend-
ment.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I renew
the amendment to the amendment, that I may
have the opportunity to say a word or two on
this subject.
I am. in favor of this amendment, because I
believe that these taxes, as provided in this
section, have become burdensome and inter-
fere directly with trade. There is, first, as the
gentleman from lowahas stated, a revenue tax
paid by the owner. Then there is a tax levied
upon the broker, who receives upon his sales
but a half percent, commission. The tax levied
upon that commission is, under the terms of
this bill, one twentieth of one per cent. For
example, a commercial broker sells $500,000
worth of goods, upon which he receives a
commission of one half per cent., which is
$2,500. That broker is taxed upon his sales
one twentieth of one per cent., so that he pays
to the Government $250 out of his $2,500—
an enormous and most unjust rate of taxation.
I think there is no part of this bill which
burdens trade as much as this. I hope, there-
fore, that the amendment of the gentleman
from Illinois will prevail, because it will facil-
itate the interchange of commodities between
the West and the East.
I withdraw my amendment to the amend-
ment.
Mr. COOK. In order to obviate the objec-
tion of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
while still accomplishing my purpose, I modify
my amendment so as to read as follows :
Provided, That in estimating sales of goods, wares,
and merchandise for the purposes of this section,
any sales made bv or through another broker upon
which a tax has been paid shall not be estimated
and included as sold by the broker for whom the
sale was made.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I think
that is corrcct.
The amendment was agreed to. .
Mr. THAYER. I move to amend by insert-
ing after the word ''thereto," in line twenty-
two hundred and sixty-two, the words '"with
intent to evade the payment of said tax:"' so
that the clause will read as follows:
"Who shall deliver or receive such bill or memoran-
dum without having the proper stamps affixed thereto
with intent to evade the payment of said tax. shall
forfeit and pay to the United States a penalty of $500,
&c.
This, as will bo observed, is in substance
the same amendment that was offered by my
friend from New York, [Mr. Davis.] If the
section as it stands is designed to impose
these heavy penalties upon a mere inadvertence
in the omission of the proper stamp, if it means
for example to impose a penalty of $1,000 for
a mistake in the quality of the stamp which is
put upon the note, w ithout regard to the intent
of the party incurring the penalty, then I say
that such legislation is without a,ny precedent,
and is unjust and tyrannical. Sir, the language
employed here either is_ designed to impose
this penalty where the omission occurs from
mere inadvertence or it is not so designed.
If such is not the purpose, then there is no
harm in the amendment, and it ought to be
adopted. But if the object is to impose such
heavy penalties as these upon a mere inad-
vertence which may happen to any man engaged
in business, then 1 say it is impolitic and un-
just.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, I fear that
the amendment goes furtherthan the gentleman
from Pennsylvania desires. I think that it
would certainly throw upon the Government
the whole burden of proof that fraud was
intended.
Mr. THAYER. I think that it would be
the opinion of any lawyer, upon a question
of this kind, that the omission of the stamp
would give rise to a. prima facie inference that
the neglect was intentional with the purpose
of evading the tax, and the only effect of the
amendment is to throw open for explanation
the conduct of the party prosecuted for the
penalties. That is the only effect of the amend-
ment Without the amendment the penalty-
is incurred whether the intent to evade the
revenue laws existed or not. With the amend-
ment the man who willfully violates the law is
equally exposed to punishment as now.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not suppose that it
would be possible to convict a man of a crime
unless it could be shown that there was a will-
ful purpose to commit the crime. But I think
this amendment will weaken the provision very
much, as, if I understood it, it throws the bur-
den of proof on the Government.
Mr. HALE. I desire to make a suggestion
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania. I think
the objection to his amendment may be obvi-
ated by a very simple change. I suggest to the
gentleman that instead of inserting his amend-
ment where he proposes, he add at the end of
line twenty-two hundred and seventy-four this
proviso:
Provided, That if it shall appear that the omission
was without intent to evade the provisionsof this sec-
tion the penalty shall not be incurred.
Mr. THAYER. I will accept that modifi-
cation of my amendment. My only intention
is to screen those who act in good faith.
Mr. PRICE. I had such an amendment
written out and intended to offer it It is ia
these words:
Provided, The said omission to affix the stamp shall
be with the intention to defraud the Government.
Mr. THAYER. I will offer the amendment
in this shape. I move to insert at the end of
line twenty-two hundred and seventy-four the
following:
Provided, That when it shall appear that the omis-
sion to affix the proper stamp was not with the intent
to evade the provisions of this section, said penalties
shall not be incurred.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend on page
100 by inserting in line twenty-two hundred
and seventy-two, after the word ''awarded,"
the words •' and distributed:" and by striking
out after the word "court" the words "per-
son or persons," and inserting in lieu thereof
the words " between the United States and the
informer, if there be one, as provided by law
and also by striking out in line twenty-two
hundred and seventy-one the words " one half
of."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WRIGHT. I move to strike out the
following clause:
And one half of the penalty recovered shall In-
awarded by the cotiW !o the person or person-; who.
in the judgment of the court, shall have iirst given
