2758
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
the in formation of the violation of the law for which
recovery is had.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I think
those words have beeu stricken out already.
The CHAIRMAN. The clause has just been
amended. The Clerk will report it as it now
stands.
The Clerk read as follows :
A:id the penalty recovered shall he awarded and
distributed by the court between the "United States
and the informers, if there be any, as provided by
law.
Mr. WRIGHT. My motion is to strike out
that clause as amended, and I am moved to do
it because I think the principle is a wrong one.
Mr. SCOFIELD. 1 rise to a point of order.
The clause objected to has just been voted in,
and a motion to strike it out is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The amendment of the gentle-
man from New Jersey is not in order.
Mr. MYERS. In line twenty-two hundred
and eighty-one I move to strike out the words
one twentieth of one per cent.," and to insert
in lieu thereof the words "at the rate of one
cent for every $100;" so that the clause will
read:
And there shall be paid on all sales by commer-
cial brokers of any goods, wares, or merchandise, a
tax at the rate of one cent for every £100 upon the
amount of such sales, &c.
Mr. Chairman, I use these words because
they are the words used in the tax provided
for on page 99 in reference to stock-brokers and
gold-brokers. There is no reason why com-
mercial brokers should pay five times as much
as stock-brokers; neither is there any reason
why they should pay*five times as much as
commission merchants are required to do by
another section of this act.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I concur
entirely with my colleague.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is not
in order in concurring. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, I may
say 
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I did
not concur in my colleague's amendment, but
only in some of his expressions.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair so understood
the gentleman, and the floor has been given to
the gentleman from Vermont.
Mr. MORRILL. I will give the gentleman
from Pennsylvania a part of my five minutes.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Which
part? [Laughter.]
Mr. MORRILL. Well, the first part.
[Laughter. ]
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I move
to strike out "one twentieth" and insert "one
fortieth," so as to make the tax "one fortieth
of one per cent." I do it because I think the
amendment of my colleague [Mr. Myers] goes
further than the House is willing to go. I
think the House would be willing—I hope so
at least—to go for one fortieth of one per cent.
A lew moments ago I stated the burdensome
character of the tax imposed on commercial
brokers by this section. Out of $2,500 profit
the commercial broker has to pay one tenth
part, or $250. My amendment proposes that
he shall only pay $125.
Mr. MORRILL. Let me have the rest of
my five minutes.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I think
that this is a burdensome tax, and I hope the
House -will, so amend the section as to take
only $125 instead of §250.
Mr. MORRILL. I cannot give the gentle-
man any more of my time.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I will
give you as much time as you wish. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. MORRILL. I wish to say that I had a
letter yesterday from one of the largest com-
mercial brokers in New York, and the tax here
imposed is entirely satisfactory to him.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. X catt
explain that.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope the committee-will
not reduce the tax.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Let me
answer that reference to the New Yorker. The
New Yorkers charge the tax to the owners,
whereas in all other cities it is not charged to
the owners.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
The amendment of Mr. Myers was then
disagreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move the follow-
ing amendment:
Provided further, That the provisions of this section
shall not apply to sales of flour, wheat, pork, and
beef.
Mr. Chairman, I move that for the reason
the articles mentioned aro articles of prime
necessity for poor men. They are substantial
provisions every man has to have. And this
tax comes out of the men who produce them or
who consume them. In either case it is unjust.
The farmers in the West are taxed most un-
mercifully. [Laughter. ] Gentlemen who own
large manufactories in the East may laugh, but
I repeat there are no people so unmercifully
taxed as the farmers of the West. They are
taxed upon all the articles of husbandry. They
are taxed upon everything they wear. They
are taxed upon every particle of leather and
every stitch of clothing. You tax the farmer
again and again ; he is taxed upon his income,
and if he has a large family you do not allow
enough above a thousand dollars to support
them. You tax them upon every bushel of
wheat. You tax them upon every hog they
raise for market. You tax them on the sale
of all these articles of-beef, pork, and flour.
These sales are always managed through
brokers. Beef, pork, and flour are shipped to
Chicago and Buffalo to be sold by these brok-
ers, and this tax reverts and is deducted from
the value of the goods to the producer. It is
out of the producer or the consumer and is
wrong in either case.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORRILL. This is an old acquaint-
ance which has been thoroughly discussed and
every time defeated. The taxing of these arti-
cles when sold by brokers does not come out
of the producer, but the sales reached are those
made for the purposes of speculation. Daily
in New York these contracts are made as in
gold or bullion for the purj)Oscs of speculation.
Beef, pork, and flour largely change hands in
expectation of a rise or fall in the market. It
is such sales as these that this tax reaches—
very small on legitimate trade and none too
large when it reaches speculators in bread and
meal. I hope the amendment will be rejected.
The amendment was rejected.
The Clerk read as follows:
That section one hundred be amended by striking
out all after the enacting clause, including schedule
A and Inserting in lieu thereof the following.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
That, there shall be levied, annually, on every car-
riage, gold watch, and billiard table, and on all gold
or silver plate, the tax or sums of money set clown in
figures against the same, respectively, or otherwise
specified and sot forth in schedule A, hereto an-
nexed, to bo paid by the person or persons owning,
possessing, or keeping the sameonthe lstdayin May,
in each year, and the same shall be and remain a lien
thereon until paid.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I move to strike.out the
words "gold watch," "gold and silver plate."
I do this because I regard it as a petty, annoy-
ing tax, unworthy the system we are inaugu-
rating af the present time. T find the whole
revenue from gold watches was only $0,000,
and from gold and silver plate $117,000.
Mr. G4RFIELD. I am sorry to see the
distinguished gentleman from New York de-
serting the committee. What can better bear
taxation than gold watches,_ gold and silver
plate, and luxuries indulged in by rich people?
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
I . Schedule A.
,1 Carriage, phaeton, carryall, roekaway, or other like
II carnage, and any coach, hackney coach, omnibus,
  or four-wh<joled carriage, the body of which rests
ll of any description, which may ho kept,
1 J*116' or for passengers, and which sh.all
not be used exclusively in husbandry or for the
transportation of merchandi^d, valued at exceeding
$300 and not above 1500 each, including harness used
therewith, six dollars.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
Carriages of like description, valued above $500,
each ten dollars.
On gold -watches, composed wholly or in part of
gold or gilt, kept for use, valued at $100 or less, each
one dollar.
On gold watches, composed wholly or in part of
gold or gilt, kept for use, valued at above $100, each,
two dollars,
Billiard tables, kept for use, ten dollars.
Provided, That billiard tables kept for hire, and
upon which a special tax has been imposed, shall not
be required to pay the tax on billiard tables kept for
use, as aforesaid, anything herein to the contrary
notwithstanding.
Mr. ROSS. I move in line twenty-three
hundred and twenty to insert after the word
"use" the word u each."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Glerk read as follows :
On plate, of gold, kept for use, per ounce troy, fifty
cents.
On plate, of silver, keptfor use. per ounce troy, live
cents.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
Provided, That silver spoons or plate of silverused
by onefamily to an amount not exceeding forty ounces
as aforesaid, belonging to any one person, plate be-
longing to religious societies, and souvenirs and keep-
sakes actually given and received as such and not
kept for use; also, all premiums awarded as a token
of merit by any agricultural society, corporation, or
association of persons, for my purpose whatever,
shall be exempt from duty-
Mr. MORRILL. I move to insert in lieu
of the last word "duty" the word u tax."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Thatseetion's onehundrcd and oneand one hundred
and two be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
Mr. MORRILL. I offer the following as a
substitute for the next paragraph in the bill.
It contains a few changes:
That section one hundred and three be amended
by striking out all after the enacting clause and
inserting in lieu thereof the following: that, every
person, firm, company, or corporation owning or
possessing or having the care or management of any
railroad, canal, steamboat, ship, barge, canal-boat
or other vessel, or any stage-coach or other vehicle
engaged or employed in the business of transporting
passengers for hire, or in transporting the mails of the
United States upon contracts made prior to the pas-
sage of this act, or any canal, the water of which is
used for miningpurposes, shall be subject, to and pay
a tax of two and one half per ccnt, ofthegrossrcceipts
from passengers and mails of such railroad, canal,
steamboat, ship, barge, canal-boat, or other vessel-
or such stage-coach or other vehicle: Provided, That
the tax hereby imposed shall not be assessed upon
receipts for the transpoitatiou of persons or mails
between the "United States and any foreign port; but
such tax shall be assessed upon the transportation
of persons from a port within the United State?
through a foreign territory to a port within the Uni-
ted States, and shall be assessed upon and collected
from persons, firms, companies, or corporations
within the "United States, receiving hire or pay for
such transportation of persons or mails: Provided
«/$o,That any person or persons, firms, companies, or
corporations, owning, possessing, or having thecare
or management of any toll-road, ferry, or bridge,
authorized by law to receive toll for the transit of
passengers, beasts, carriages, teams, and freight of
any description, over such toll-road, ferry, or bridge,
shall be subject to and pay a tax of three per cent,
of the gross amount of all their receipts of every
description: but when the gross receipts of any such
bridge or toll-road, for and during any term of twelve
consecutive calendar months, shall not exceed the
amount necessarily expended to keep such bridge or
road in repair, no tax shall be assessed upon such
receipts during any month next following any such
! term: And provided further, That all such persons,
i firms, companies, andcorporationsshall have theright
to add the tax imposed hereby to their rates of faro
whenever their liability thereto may commence, any
limitations which may exist by law or by agreement
with any person or company which may have paid
or be liable to pay such fare to the contrary not-
withstanding: And provided further, That no tas
"under this section shall be assessed upon any person,
firm, company, or corporation whose gross receipts
do not exceed §1,000 per annum.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. If I understand this
proposition it will impose this tax upon the
grotfs receipts of the railroads, steamboats, or
canal companies for carrying passengers or
freights. That is the effect of it. It will re-
| quire the payment of two and a half per cent.
! upon the gross receipts from the carrying of
I freights and passengers. The object of the com-
| mittee is, I suppose, to assess the tax merely
I on the receipts from passengers.
