984
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
<Iid not accept of the veteran bounty. I move
that it J)e referred to the Committee on Public
Lauds.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I also present a memorial
of the General Assembly of the State of Iowa,
^praying Congressto establish certain mail routes
and to pass a law declaring the Des Moines river
and Turkey river in that State, so far as it runs
between the town of El Dorado, m Fayette
county, and the junction of the Volga with the
Turkey river, to be not navigable streams. I
move its reference to the Committee on Com-
merce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, presented a resolu-
tion of the Legislature of the State of Kansas
in favor of a' grant to that State for the use of
common schools of the sixteenth and thirty-
sixth sections on the Indian reservations or an
equivalent thereto from thepoblic lands ; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILL BY. I present a memorial of
twelve citizens of Stafford county, Virginia,
setting forth that they have always been loyal
and true to the United States Government; that
during the occupation of that county by the
Federal forces they furnished divers supplies
to the Army. They pray that Congress will,
at an early date, grant such needful legislation
as will enable them to audit their accounts, and
to provide compensation for them either now
or at such time as Congress shall deem proper.
As a kindred matter has been referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, I ask that this
memorial be referred to that committee.
It was so referred.
Mr. COWAN presented a petition of manu-
facturers of agricultural implements, praying
for a reduction of the taxes upon sales of agri-
cultural implements; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
_ He also presented the petition of Dr. Wil-
liam Schmoele, praying for the suspension or
repeal of the homestead act, and for the pas-
sage of a law by which the price of our public
lands bo graduated and the minimum price
fixed at live or six dollars per acre, and that
the amount thus realized be dedicated to the
{jayment of the national debt; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. IIOWE. I ask leave to present the
petition of David Biudick, of West Milton, in
Wisconsin, dated the 3d of February, 18(50, in
which he respectfully requests the Senate and
House of Representatives to spend no more
time in discussing the theory whether the re-
bellious States are in or out of the Union, and
that we spend no more time in talking of
amendments to the Constitution, for it wi 11 take
a long time to secure such amendments, and,
if made as ample and pure as could be made
by angels, an element exists among traitors that
would jump over any constitution, as in the
case of the late rebellion; and that we imme-
diately use our power to protect the loyal from
oppression and put a stop to the shedding of
innocent blood. I am not in a situation which
enables me to say exactly that I indorse the
whole of this petition, but I present it, and
move that it be referred to the joint committee
on reconstruction.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER, f present a memorial of
citizens of Massachusetts, in which they set J
forth that the Constitution of the United States
prescribes that the United States shall guaranty
to every State a republican form of government:
and they entreat Congress, in the execution of
that power, to proceed to secure a republican
lorm of government, which, in the opinion of
these petitioners, is a realization of the princi-
ples of the Declaration of Independence. I
ask the reference of this memorial to the joint
committee 011 reconstruction.
It was so referred.
Mr. SUMN LB. I also have, sir, a petition
which comes from the Stale convention of the
colored citizens of the State of Mississippi, as-
sembled at Vieksburg, on the 22d of Novem-
ber, 1865, in which they respectfully set forth
their grievances, and call upon Congress to
interfere for their protection by providing for
them the safeguards promised in the Declara-
tion of Independence, and, in other ways, secur-
ing to them the guarantee of a republican form
of government. Itis accompanied by a series of
resolutions adopted by that convention. I ask
their reference to the joint committee on recon-
struction.
It was so ordered.
REPORTS 01? COMMITTEES.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lauds, to whom was recommitted the
bill (S. No. 35) to grant one million acres of
public lands for the benefit of public schools
in the District of Columbia, reported it with an
amendment.
Mr. HARRIS, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred a bill (S. No.
■>S) to quiet the title to certain lands within
the corporate limits of the city of San Francisco,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred a bill (S.
No. 121) to proiide for the enlargement of the
Winnebago reservation in the Territory of Ne-
braska, and for other purposes, reported it with
an amendment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move that the com-
munication of the Indian superintendent and
agent for Nebraska, in relation to the Winne-
bago reservation, accompanying the bill, be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CLARK asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
134) in addition to the several acts to establish
and amend the judicial system of the United
States ; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
135) to declare certain streams in the State of
Iowa not to be navigable streams; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce. t
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
130) to repeal the act authorizing the settle-
ment of claims against the United States by
the quartermaster's department for property
used or destroyed by the Army and Navy;
which was read twicc by its title, referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia, and ordered to be printed.
SENATORS 1'IIOM COLORADO.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move that the
Senators-elect from the Slate of Colorado be
admitted to the privilege of seats 011 the floor
of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
AFFAIRS IN UTAII.
Air. STEWART submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Jlcsolved, That tho Judiciary Committee be in-
structed to investigate and eonftidci what congres-
sional legislation, if any. is necessary to secure the
enforcement of the lawsandthepiotection of citizens
ot the Tinited States m their civil andpolitieal rights
in ttic Territory of Utali, and to report by bill or other-
wise.
THE JIADDETl ROOT.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I offer the following res-
olution :
^ !'■ That tho Committee on Agriculture con-
sider measures to promote the cultivation of the mad-
der root in the country, and report by bill or other-
wise.
Mr. President, in 1859 the State Department
instructed the consular agents to investigate
the subject of the cultivation of this article in
the countries bordering 011 the Mediterranean.
Their investigations were interrupted in conse-
quence of the war. The consumption of this
article, growing out of the uses to which it is
put, is perhaps $10,000,000 worth annually. It
grows somewhere in the latitude of thirty-five
or forty degrees. It occupies the attention of
neatly two hundred thousand people in France
alone. It would occupy the attention of that
number of people in this country if we raised
it, and the article would be consumed in the
country. It is easily cultivated. It is produced
in the form of something like tho potato; it, has
a vine something like the potato. It isplanted
in rows, and the first year the vine comes from
the ground. Before the next year has passed,
the vines are covered with dirt in order that
the frost shall not interfere with the roots. That,
process is carried on for eighteen months or
two years or three years, and the root is then
dug up, dried, and prepared for market by kiln-
drying and grinding.
I desire to direct the attention of the Com-
mittee on Agriculture to this important branch
of the nation's industry, that the machinery of
the Agricultural Department of the Government
may have the matter under consideration in
order that we may, as far as we possibly can,
have the various products known to the con-
sumption of this country raised here, and in
Order that we may find remunerative occupa-
tions for the people who come from abroad who
are acquainted with the cultivation of this root.
I consider it a matter of very essential impor-
tance mat attention should be directed to it at
once. Its introduction in France was from a
party who had traveled in Italy, and the peo-
ple were so gratified at the result of that trial
that in one of the provinces of Franco they
erected a monument that now stands overlook-
ing the district that gives emploj-ment and profit-
able occupation to hundreds of thousands of
people. 1 should be glad to award a monu-
ment or a reward of merit to any individual in
this country that, will introduce the article to
successful cultivation in tho United Stales. I
send to the desk a bag of the seed of the article
that I would have go to the Committee 011 Agri-
culture, that they may see what the article is in
the form of seed.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
J. TJ. KITTEXHOrSE.
Mr. NYE. We had under consideration on
Monday the bill (S. No. 80) for the relief of J.
13. llittenhousc, fleet paymaster of the Pacific
squadron, and it was not finished on that day.
I do not know whether it requires a motion
now to take it up or not.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It does._
Mr. NYE. If so, I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of that bill.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed tho
consideration of the bill (S. No. 80) for the
relief of J. B. Rittenhouse, fleet paymaster of
the Pacific squadron.
Mr. NYE. On this bill being taken up the
other day, I gave a summary of the facts of the
ease. After a most careful examination by the
Committee on Naval Affairs, I was instructed
to report a bill for his relief. I find that there
are objections to it of different characters.
Among the objections was one from the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts, who declared that he
would not vote for tho bill, even though it was
right, for fear of the precedent it would estab-
lish. I hardly understand the logic of the ar-
gument, for it seems to me to place the Sena-
tor in the attitude of doing injustice to others
and to himself, and also of impeaching the
intelligence of this body. I trust that there is
sufficient intelligence here to scrutinize care-
fully and determine between what is just and
what is unjust, and to act upon this question
as upon all others and do what is exactly just
and right.
This is an old servant of the public in the
Naval Department. He has grown gray in tho
service. Having been placed 011 the most dis-
tal.- 4, .11 the most difficult and most dangerous
position that the service to whieli ho is attached
requires, he has lived in and breathed the ma-
laria of the Isthmus until a broken constitu-
