1798
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
±Jy Mr. HOLMES: The petition of E. B. Tillotson,
and others, citizens of Madison county, Now York,
for an increase of the tariff on wool.
ByMr.HOTCHKISS: The petition of citizens of
Tioga county, New York, for the adoption of uni-
form laws upon the subject of insurance.
By Air. JULIAN: jfc'our petitions of citizens and
working men of Pittsburg and vicinity, in Pennsyl-
vania, being 524, praying Congress to fix eight hours
as a lawtul day's work as to all Government em-
ploy6s.
Also, the like petition of 68 working men, of Johns-
town, Pennsylvania.
Also, the like petition of 58 working men, of Wil-
liamsport, Pennsylvania.
By Mr. KELSU: The petition of W. B. Edwards,
for damages sustained from theburning of mill, still-
house, and other property by Federal troops.
By Mr. KETCH AM: The petition of 104 citizens of
Pine Plains, New York, praying for increased pro-
tection on American wool.
' Also, the memorial of Hunt & Miller, Benedict &
Hamey, and others, of Hudson, New York, for a
change in the law for the taxationot stovescomposed
of cast and sheet iron, respectively, so that the tax
shall be imposed on the increased value only.
By Mr. KELLEY: Amemorial of 87 citizens ofPhil-
adelphia county, Pennsylvania, prayingyour honor-
able body to so amend the tariff' laws of the United
States as to protect the manufacturing and laboring
classes of our country to the extent of the difference
of the cost ofcapital and labor here and abroad, with
the addition of the taxes paid by American indus-
trial products from which the foreign are free.
By Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania: Eight,
petitions, very numerously signed, from citizens of
washington county, Pennsylvania, asking an in-
crease of duty on foreign wools.
By Mr. LYNCH: The petition of Joseph Bradford,
and. others, assistant assessors, lor increa.se of pay.
By Sir. MORRIS: Twelve petitions, numerously
signed by eiti/ons and wool-growers of Yatos and On-
tario bounties, New York, asking for an increaso of
dutv upon imported wool.
Also, two petitions of citizens of said. counties and
State, asking tor the passage of a law in relation to
inter-State insurances.
By Mr. RICE, of Maine: The petition of A. N.
Alkinson, arid others, legnl voters m the town of At-
kinson, Maine, asking additional compensation to
postmasters ol tho filth class, and for allowance for
stationery, &c.
By Mr. TAYLOR: Tho petition of Andrew Smith,
and 43 others, local expressmen in the city of New
York, praying to be relieved from the tax of three
per cent, on the gross receipts of their business, they
being, in addition to the foregoing tax, obliged to pay
yearly a Government license of ten dollars, a city
license of five dollars, and $2 50 yearly for a renewal
of license on each wagon used in their business.
By Mr. VAN HORN, of New York; Tho petition
ot citizens of   county, Now York, asking an
increased duty on wool.
By Mr. WARO: Tho petition of Mr. Benson, for
relief for moneys expended in securing a treaty with
certain Indian tiibes.
Also, the petition of Byron Tyson, for relief.
IN SENATE.
Friday, April 6, 1866.
Prayer by Rev. A. I). Gillkttk, D. D., of
Washington.
Tho Journal of yesterday was rrad unci
approved.
committee service.
Jhe PRESIDENT pro tempore. In cum-
plianee with the order of the Senate, directing
the Chair to fill the vacancies in the Committee
on Pensions, tho Chair announces the appoint-
ment of Mr. Edmunds and Mr. Saulsbuky.
PJiimOXS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. MORGAN. I present the memorial of
the Bank for Savings in the eity of New York,
signed by its president, and which is also con-
curred in by the Brooklyn Savings Bank, the
Seamen's Bank for Savings, the Greenwich
Savings Bank, the Bowery Savings Bank, the
Institution for the Savings of Merchants'
Clerks and others, and the Manhattan Savings
Institution, in which they pray that the Senate
and House of Representatives may be pleased
to reconsider their action whereby the princi-
pal and the interest of such small savings as
arc confided to their keeping by their depos-
itors are subjected to special taxation, and so
to modity the law now in force that the sav-
ings of the poor may not become taxable
merely because they are lodged in the institu-
tions of which your memorialists arc man-
agers and trustees. This is a very important
memorial, and affects a very large class of
persons. I, suppose the proper reference of
it Would be the Committee on Finance, and I
move that reference.
Tho motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE prgsented a petition of citizens of
Wisconsin,- praying-for the "enactment of just
and equal laws for the regulation of inter-State
insurances of all kinds ; which was referred to
the Committee 011 Commerce.
Mr. WILLIAMS presented a petition of the
citizens of the State of Oregon and Washing-
ton Territory, praying for the payment of claims
that accrued to those citizens in the Indian war
of 1855 and 1856, in accordance with the order
of a commission authorized by act of Congress
to audit such claims; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the petition of
D. C. Cone, and others, citizens of Knox
county, Illinois, praying that the two races,
blacks and whites, may be separated, and that
the blacks may be colonized either in some
foreign country or some distinct portion of the
United States set apart to them; which w&s
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
He also presented a petition of B. T. Hol-
lister, and others, citizens of Alton, Illinois,
praying for the enactment of equal and just
laws regulating inter-State insurances of all
kinds; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. HENDERSON presented a petition of
J. B. Johnson, praying to be reimbursed for
losses sustained by him by the destraction of
his property during the late war; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have been requested
by the parties interested to ask that the peti-
tion of Ceran St. Vrain, for himself and the
heirs of Ignacio Vigil, praying for the confir-
mation of a private land claim in Now Mexico,
be withdrawn from the'files of the Senate and
referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
Mr. CONNESS. I should like to know what
that is.
_ Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is a petition in rela-
tion to a private land claim in New Mexico. I
do not know personally what it is, but a gen-
tleman handed me the papers and requested
me to have them referred to the Committee on
Private Land Qlaims.
Mr. GRIMES. Has there been any adverse
report?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I think not. If there
has been I do not ask that the papers be with-
drawn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
will be made if there be no objection.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, it was
Ordered, That Maria L. Saunders have leave to
withdraw tier petition and oiher papers from the files
ot the Senate.
REPORTS OJ? COMMITTEES.
Mr. VAN WINKLE, from the Committee
on Pensions, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 363) supplementary to the several
acts relating to pensions, reported it with
amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a "bill (S. No. 239) for the classi-
fication and graduation of invalid pensions,
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the memorial of
Thomas Laurent, praying for the payment of
a balance alleged to be due him on account of
money seized from him by General Scott in
Mexico in 1847, submitted an adverse report;
which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Captain H. Clay
Wood, of the eleventh regiment United States
infantry, praying compensation forproperty lost
by the evacuation of Fort Cobb, Texas, under
Post Order No. 87, Issued for the evacuation of
that post in 18G1, submitted an adverse report;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. YATES, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred a
memorial of women of Fulton county, Illinois,
remonstrating against licenses being granted to
drinking saloons, gaming houses, &e., asked to
be discharged from its further consideration,
and that it be referred to the Committee on
Finance; which was agreed to.
Mr. KIRKWOOD, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition of
Sarah E. Wilson, praying for a pension, re-
ported a bill (S. No. 252) granting a pension
to Mrs. Sarah E. Wilson. The bill was read
and passed to a second reading, and the report
■was ordered to be printed.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of James
Crutchett, praying for compensation for the
occupation and use of his property in Wash-
ington city, by the Government, for military
purposes, reported a joint resolution (S. R.-
No. 60) referring the petition and other papers
in the case of James Crutchett to the Court
of Claims; which was read, and passed to a
second reading.
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was recom-
mitted the bill (S. No. 190) to incorporate
the District of Columbia Canal and Sewerage
Company, reported it«with amendments.
PRINTING OP A BILL.
On motion of Mr. POMEROY, it was
Ordered, That the -bill (S. No. 212) to aid in the
construction of the Kansas and Neosho Valley rail-
road, connecting the great lakes, Iowa, Missouri, and
Kansas, with Texas and the Gulf of Mexico, and to
secure to the Government the use of the same for
military, postal, and other purposes, be printed.
BILLS" INTRODUCED.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 253) to incorporate the First Congregational
Society of Washington ; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia.
Mr. FESSENDEN asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 254) to amend an act entitled "An
act to provide a national currency secured
by a pledge of United States bonds and to
provide for the circulation and redemption
thereof;" which was read twice by its title.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that it be
referred to the Committee on Finance and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to hear it read
at length.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I beg the Senator not
to ask to have it read. It will be referred and
printed and then ho can see what it is. It is
rather long.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The order
to print will be made, and the bill will be
referred to the Committee on Finance.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bill and joint resolution from
the House of Representatives were severally
read twice by their titles, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and tlie Militia:
A bill (H. R. No. 456) to extend the ben-
efits of scction four of an act making appro-
priations for the support of the Army for the
year ending June 30, 1866 ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 105) giving
construction to the law in relation to bounties
payable to soldiers discharged for wounds.
CASCADE RAILROAD.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the
bill (S. No. 105) to grant the right of way to
the Cascade Railroad Company through a mil-
itary reserve in Washington Territory.
_ The amendment was to add at the end of the
bill the following proviso:
Provided, That nothing in this act shall be so con-
strued as to give said company the right to occupy
■']Piny Purpose whatever more than sixty feet in
width on the line of said road,,at any point or points
where the space or pass between the r.ver and bluff
or mountain is so narrow as not to admit of the
construction of another parallel railroad, turnpike
canal, cr other public work for transportation
of freight or passengers;
