1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S719
"councilor" elect to it, and I am now giving
my counsel to it and to all the people of the
country, and I hope tliey and rny friend will
take the counsel I offer,
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I congratulate the
Free-Trade League on having so able a coun-
sel. Now I ask him whether he approves of
this paper that is on my desk entitled "An
Address from the Free-Trade Association of
London to the American Free-Trade League
of New York."
Mr. KASSON. I shall have to give time to
the gentleman to read it, for I have never read
it myself. Those gentlemen who are so well
informed I hope will be duly impressed by
whatever information they have. As for my-
self, I speak from an American point of view.
They may speak from a British point of view.
Mr. DAVIS. The gentleman has stated that
in his travels in this country he has found evi-
dences of new manufactories springing up in
every direction. I want to know in what part
of the country he has found the people so for-
tunate now as to be able to embark in new,
untried manufacturing enterprises.
Mr. IvASSON. I do not think the gentle-
man can go into the city of Baltimore without
seeing three large new establishments, before
he enters the city, going up. And there are
many establishments in Connecticut which,
from information that I have received of a per-
fectly reliable character, have made from fifty
to one hundred and fifty per cent, on the in-
vestment during the last year.
Sir. DAVIS. Thegentleman is stating upon
information and belief. I will say to him that
to-day in the city of Syracuse three large estab-
lishments engaged in the manufacture of iron
ha\e closed their doors, and that one third of
' all the salt blocks are unoccupied and not run-
ning.
Sir. IvASSON. I can point my friend from
New York to some fifteen or twenty mercan-
tile and banking concerns and numerous other
business concerns that have gone down. There
is not any branch of industry very probably
that has not suffered in some of its mem-
bers. I can point to farmers almost ruined by
embarrassment, who can hardly get enough to
take what they have to market and realize
clothing and shelter underyour high protective
system.
And now what does this bill do ? It raises
the tariff on lumber, which is so necessary to
the western prairie farmer ; on nails, without
which he cannot drive his boards on his house
or build his fence ; and on salt, without which
he cannot preserve his beef and pork. There
is hardly a thing we consume which this bill
forgets to raise the duty upon. livery promi-
nent necessity of life, food, fuel, shelter, and
clothing, is embraced and made more expen-
sive to the consumer throughout the country.
Even on boys' pocket knives the duty is in-
creased about three times—six hundred per
cent, one member of the committee tells me.
And yet it is said this is a tariff for mere pro-
tection. Why, sir, you are protecting the
American people until they will not be able
to buy one solitary thing that is protected if
this system is to go on.
Sir. DAWES. I understand thegentleman
from Iowa to base his hostility to this hill upon
the fact that it is in the interest of eastern
manufacturers and against the interests of the
West.
Sir. KASSON. No, sir ; I think if the gen-
tleman's ears were as open as they usually are
he would understand very well that my objec-
tion to it is that it is an attempt to legislate for
special interests, and then to balance the good
done to one by the injury done to another.
I give New'England credit as not being re-
sponsible for this bill. New England is neces-
sarily moderate in her tariff views if she is loyal
to all her great interests. She builds ships and
sends seamen afloat on the ocean ; she carries
our commerce across the great waters. She has
no right to a prohibitory tariff or to be an ad-
vocate of one. She would ^sacrifice the inter-
ests of half her people for the benefit of the
other half if she was. I say, therefore, that
New England ought not to support this bill.
Sir. DAWES. In whose interest is this bill ?
Mr. KASSON. In the interest of every
manufacturer whose interest is protected by
increasing the bounties on manufactures to be
paid by the people who consume them, whether
they be in the East or in the West. The man-
ufacturing concerns have got from twenty to
six hundred per cent, added to the tariff on
various manufactures. Now, sir, under these
circumstances I ask if any gentleman who seeks
to protect to some extent the consumers of this
conntry, who constitute the great mass of the
people, can possibly support this bill.
Sir, I know very well that the iron interest,
the cotton interest, the glass interest, and many
others, can send gentlemen here to advocate^
their interests, and that they may be heard"
before the committee a-nd may fill our lobbies;
but the great interest of the consumers of the
country is not organized into a system of mu-
tual protective associations. That interest
must be heard by members on this floor who
seek to protect it. It must be heard here as
much*as these organizations of capital. Con-
sumption represents millions; capital only
thousands.
I repeat, in conclusion, that my objection to
this bill rests upon the ground that it goes upon
a false theory, that it enables one portion of
the people of the country to derive all the ben-
efit of its enactment into law at the expense
of the other portion, and opens no opportunity
for the manufacturers of this country to under-
sell any foreign country in the markets of the
world.
Sir. GARFIELD obtained the floor.
Sir. WILSON, of Iowa. T ask the gentle-
man from Ohio to yield me 1en minutes.
Sir. GARFIELD. I yield to the gentleman.
Sir. WILSON, of Iowa. I rise more for
the purpose of explaining the motion which I
intend to submit to the House than for the
purpose of submitting any remarks upon the
bill, though I cannot permit this occasion to
pass without noticing the peculiar position in
which I find this measure standing before the
House. New England has nothing to do with
it and does not desire it to pass.
Sir. DAWES. We do not repudiate it,
gaeither do we father it.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. That is to say that
if they can get the West to vote foi it, they are
willing to take the benefit of it.
Sir. DAWES. We will go for it if you will.
Sir. WILSON, of Iowa. New England is
standing off a little on her dignity. She has a
tariff that suits her now. She does not ask
this bill. Thegentleman from Ohio [Sir. Del-
ano] has undertaken to speak for the West.
He gets down on his knees and begs New Eng-
land to vote for this tariff, on the ground that
it will increase their protection. Sir, it is a
most singular spectacle. _ It is something I
never expected to witness in this House.
I have no doubt that the gentleman^ from
Ohio will be successful in the appeal which he
has made to the New England members, and
that this bill will receive their support. This,
I presume, will merely be the carrying out of
the arrangement which the gentleman from
Ohio tells us has been made between the wool-
growers and the wool manufacturers. Certain
persons residing in the East, in the middle
States, and in the West, engaged in raisingwool
constitute the one party. Certain gentlemen in
the East who are manufacturing woolen fabrics
constitute the other party. New England is
now endeavoring to "fly the track" and re-
pudiate the bargain; and the gentleman from
Ohio, on behalf of the other party, insists that
this shall not be done. Sir, as a western man,
I know nothing of any such bargain; nor will
1 be bound by any bargain of that land. Neither
will I permit my voice as a Representative to
favor any such bargain.
The gentleman from Ohio has said that here-
tofore all our tariff laws have been in favor ot
the East; that the great agricultural interests
—the'wool-growing interests and the flax-grow-
ing interests—have never been protected ; that
the protectionists of the West have always
favored tariffs for the benefit of the East, and
that now they want a share of protection. Well.
sir, I propose now to submit a proposition (and
I hope that the gentleman from Ohio has made
no bargain which will prevent him from voting
for it) which will afford the members from the
West an opportunity to vote in favor of a west-
ern measure without disturbing the protection .
which the Bast now has.
I propose to move, sir, that this bill shall bo
recommitted to the Committee of Ways and
Sleans with instructions to report a bill which
shall embody the first section of the present
bill. This is the section which will protect the
great wool-growing interests for which the gen-
tleman from Ohio so eloquently pleaded. It
is the section which will place the great wool-
growing interests within the circle of the pro-
tected interests, and will enable them to have
a voice in any future readjustment of the. tariff.
Thus the interest, the protection of which ap-
pears to be the paramount desire of the gentle-
man from Ohio, will be protected.
Sly motion proposes, iu the next place, that
the sixth section of the present bill, the sec-
tion in relation to liquors and cigars, shall be
included in the bill to be framed by the com-
mittee. Next, that the twelfth section of the
bill as originally reported — a section which
protects agricultural interests—shall be em-
braced in the new bill. Next, that the commit-
tee shall embody in the bill to be reported by
them the reduced duties upon tea and coffee, as
already determined upon by the House. Next,
that the duty on railroad iron shall be reduced
to seventy cents per hundred pounds, a reduc-
tion which many of the iron men have told me,
within the last few days, they are willing shall
be made. Again, that the committee shall
embody in the new bill the provisions of the
present bill in relation to linseed, flaxseed,
hempseed, rapeseed, and oils manufactured
therefrom. This is a protection to another of
the great interests for which the gentleman
from Ohio pleaded. Next, I propose by my
motion that the committee shall reduce the
other duties embraced in the bill to a standard
not higher than the actual necessities of the
interests to bo affected thereby require, not
exceeding, in any case, twenty-five per cent,
above the rates now fixed by law; leaving the
administrative portions of the bill as they have
already been determined upon by the Commit-
tee of the Whole, as they are now pending in
the House.
I have thus stated the proposition which I
design to submit. I trust that the members
from the West will vote for it. An appeal has
been made to them in behalf of this bill by the
gentleman from Ohio, who admits that the bill
is full of most objectionable features. He has
urged them to vote for the bill for the purpose
of securing the benefits it provides for the great
interests of the agricultural portions of the
country. I ask the members of the West to
vote for this proposition, because it will secure
protection for those interests, without encum-
bering the measure with the other provisions
which arc denounced almost all over the House
as iniquitous, imposing duties exorbitantly
high. Why, sir, so far as regards the arrange-
ment which, as it is said, has been made be-
tween the wool-growers and the wool manu-
facturers, I find that the benefit to be derived
by the wool-growing interests is entirely coun-
terbalanced and neutralized by the other feat-
ures of the bill. After an increased duty has
been put upon wool, an increased duty is
placed upon woolen manufactures more than
equal to that placed upon wool, it being for-
gotten in the mean time that by the internal
revenue bill which we have passed we have
relieved the woolen manufacturers, as well as
all other manufacturers, of a part of the inter-
nal taxation which they have hitherto paid.
What will be the result of this? Wool grown
in Iowa cannot be transported to Boston a5
cheaply as South American wool can be trans-
ported there. The eastern manufacturer has
