1866.
THE CONGrRESSIO JST _A.iL GLOBE:
tion and a diseased body giye evidence to his
fidelity in all respects. His record in the Navy
Department stands among the first of its faith-
ful officers. He was intrusted with that money
at that important point; he used exactly all
the means that the Government gave him for
the purpose of its safe keeping; and the evi-
dence shows, and this report shows, that he
exercised to an extraordinary degree that dili-
gence which was due to the position he held.
The Senator from Indiana, for whose opin-
ions I have the highest regard and respect,
asserts that when money is put into the hands
of a paymaster and receipted for by him, the
money becomes his own. With great diffidence
I beg to differ from that conclusion, and I can
state many reasons why it is not so. If I had
time I could state many facts going to prove
that that has not been the opinion of the Gov-
ernment to whom the money belongs. In the
eity'of St Louis a paymaster gambled and lost
the Government money. The Government pur-
Sued it and took it from the gambler. Why?
Because it was the Government's money. An
unfaithful servant had diverted it from its proper
channel, and the Government pursued it be-
cause it was their own. I do not believe that
this Government would consent for a moment
to the doctrine 4aid down by the Senator from
Indiana, because it would lead to great fraud.
What are the bonds of a paymaster? One or
two hundred thousand dollars; and how often
have paymasters started from here with as many
millions as their bonds were for thousands; but
yet it did not become the paymaster's money;
it is the Government's money until it reaches
its destination. The doctrine can never be sus-
tained for a moinentthatthe Governmentparts
with its title to the public money when one of
its servants takes it to be disbuised.
Again, sir, there arc peculiar laws aid pecu-
liar penalties to which the recipients of public
money are liable, which would not be the case
if the money became their own. 1 entertain no
doubt about the justice of this bill. My advo-
cacy of it rests upon its justice, after full and
mature examination, seconded by as careful a
set of gentlemen as are to be found in this circle.
It resls, too, on a principle quite as important
to the person to whom it is applied. It will
be a poor encouragement for public officers,
especially in the naval service, if an application
of this kind is to be rejected on the ground that
it may become a dangerous precedent. Sir, if
this officer has been faithful in the discharge
of his duty, every principle of economy on the
part of this Government requires that he and
his securities should be released from the
payment of the money. If you deal justly
with these men, instead of encouraging them in
carelessness, it is the highest encouragment to
prompt them to a faithful discharge of their
duty.
My friend from Indiana suggested that the pre-
cedent had already been established that where
money is burned upon steamers, and it is a mat-
ter of public record, the paymaster lias been
absolved. If we are to look on the suspicious
side of everything, how much more apt would
a fraudulent paymaster be to become a parti-
ceps criminis in the burning of a steamer after
having rifled the chests, so as to bury all the
evidences of his complicity? I say that if in
that case the Government excuses these offi-
cers, and releases them and their securities, a
stronger reason exists here.
I repeat, this man used all the means for the
protection of the money that the Government
furnished him. So careful was he, as the report
slwws, that he always kept the keys of the safe
around his neck. The Senator from Oregon
suggested that from the fact that he let a bundle
of keys go into another room in the hands of an
officer furnished by the Government as a guard, [
not of his choice—another Government officer [
whose fidelity he had 110 right to suspect—be- j
cause he allowed him to take the key to go into ;
another room, where the boy acknowledges that ]
he took an impression of the key, that was such I
carelessness as forbids our entertaining the idea j
of releasing this man from responsibility for the I
money that was feloniously taken from him. It
was a room mto which-he could not go for the
best reason in the world; he is paralyzed. Not-
withstanding that misfortune, the Government
find him so faithful that they keep him in their
employ, even when by the rules of the service
he could be mustered out.
I ask that Senators shall do an act of entire
justice in this matter, and I press the bill, not
for the reason of setting a precedent whereby
others may come in with fraudulent claims. I
will pledge myself to the Senator from Massa-
chusetts to be as vigilant in ferreting out fraud-
ulent claims as he could desire, so far as I am
concerned, but I ask of him and every other
Senator, upon the broadest principle of common
justice, if a claim is here made that is right, that
the Senate shall adopt it. I trust that this bill
ivill pass. That the larceny was committed there
can be no doubt, for almost half the money has
been recovered by the vigilance of this officer.
A thousand dollars reward he offered himself
and the Government five thousand; and the
whole body of naval officers on that coast come
up here to testify to the entire integrity and
honesty of this man. In his diseased condi-
tion, his suffering both in body and mind, I ask
that the Senate shall do this act of justice to-
ward him.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
BONDED WAREHOUSES.
Mr. MORGAN. I now move to take up the
motion to reconsider the bill (II. E. No. 135)
to extend the time for the withdrawal of goods
for consumption from public store and bonded
warehouse, and for other purposes.
Mr. BUCKALEW. If this will elicit de-
bate, [ should like to have permission of the
Senate to take up my resolution to appoint a
committee on ventilation; I suppose that will
create no debate, and will occupy no time. I
understand that this subject will be debated. I
hope the Senator from New York will permit
me to submit that motion.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 wish to remind the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania that in regard to this
bill which the Senator from New York desires
action upon, the day it passed the Senate, be-
lieving that it had. passed both Houses. I tele-
graphed the entire bill to the city of San Fran-
cisco, as it is a very important measure to the
mercantile community there, and it has been
kept thus far pending in the Senate by a mo-
tion to reconsider. While 1 do not wish to in-
terpose an objection to any proposition coming
from the Senator from Pennsylvania, lie will
see the importance to us of disposing of this
question.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I will await my chance
afterward.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the Sen-
ate ready for the question on the motion to re-
consider its vote passing the bill?
Mr. MOIiGAN. Some time having elapsed
since this bill was before the Senate, and sev-
eral Senators being present now who were, not
preseut at that time, I will, as briefly as possi-
ble, state the object of the bill.
By the laws of the United States the importer
of foreign merchandise is permitted to deposit
his goods in public store or bonded warehouse,
and withdraw them on paying the duties at any
time within the period of one year. After the
expiration of that period he cannot pay the
duty. He, however, has three modes of relief:
he can come to Congress and ask for an exten-
sion of the time; this requires a special act,
and has in some cases been granted; he can
export his goods to the country from which they
came or to any other foreign country, and thus
the Government will lose the duty entirely;
or he can export them to Halifax or the West
Indies, as has frequently been done, being the
nearest and least expensive ports, and then can
import them again, place them in public stores
where they can remain for a year and be sub-
ject, of course, to the laws of the United States.
Now, it is proposed that there shall be some
additional relief. The first section off thiS'lSift
permits all persons now having goods in puBlif;
store in any of the ports of the United States
to enter them for consumption on paying the
duties at any time previous to the 1st of April
next. There are now hundreds of thousands
of dollars worth of goods in the situation I have
stated. The passage of this hill will enable tWe
importers to enter all those goods for consump-
tion, and the Government will receive the du-'
ties upon them, and they will be entered prior
to the 1st of April next. It is not proposed in
this bill to extend the period for which goods
arc to be admitted beyond one year, except
that by paying an additional sum of ten p©i
cent, they may be entered at any time within
two years thereafter. The effect of this ten per
cent, clause will be to cause all merchandise to
be entered for consumption within a period of
twelve months.
It has been suggested, as a more equitable
mode, to charge a specific sum, perhaps six per
cent, a year, for any additional period beyond
the first year, payable monthly; and it will read-
ily be seen that that would bring some money
into the Treasury, because it would be availed
of to some extenr. For example, an importer
has goods beyond the period of one year which
he wishes to enter; he would pay the percent-
age, whether it bo one half of one per cent., or
one per cent., or whether it ran one month, two
months, or more. But the effect of imposing
an additional duty of ten per cent, will be that
all goods will be entered during the year. That
will be the effect of this bill if it passes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will inquire if my
friend is not mistaken about that. If they do
not enter, their goods during the first year, will
they not have the privilege of exporting them
then V
Mr. MORGAN. Certainly. This, sir, is all
the explanation 1 shall make at this time.
Mr. SPHAGUE. The more I reflect upon
the operations of this bill and the system it is
intended to regulate, the more I am impressed
with its injurious character and its injurious
tendencies upon the industry of this country.
The Senator from New York, on a former occa-
sion, stated th.it, the bill was right, and gave his
reasons for that belief. Ho said that the Sec-
retary of the Treasurj'assented to it as being
benefic ial, and that it was also fair toward Amer-'
ican interests and industry; and he cited the
laws which provide that American fabrics shall
not. be taxed until they are sold, or until they are
distributed to the consumer. In the few re-
marks I had the honor to submit to the Senate
on a former occasion I asserted that the bill
under discussion gave to the importer a credit
of three years before the duties were exacted,
and that the importer and the Government com-
bined to speculate upon the articles that were
entered for consumption ; and the facts are so
clear, that if Senators will investigate them for
a moment, they cannot be otherwise that con-
vinced.
I desire to read a letter I have received from
one of the practical and thinking men of the
country in respect to t he point raised by the Sen-
ator from New York, that the manufacturing
products of the country stand upon the same
fair relation to the Government as the imported
article does; in other words, that the internal
revenue tax upon the domestic product is not
called for any sooner by the Government than
is the assessment and collection of its duties on
similar imported articles. Ho writes:
" Taxes arc always mi equal and will always be so;
but the present excise tax is especially so upon our
business. We use pis iron, bar iron, steel, copper,
bras-i, bronze, lead, &c. "Now, many of these articles
come to us in a finished state and pay the full tax of
six percent. In making a paper roller we pay six per
cent, tax on two ingredients before we can commence.
Tlien we have to pay $3 CO per ton on tbo castings.
Then we havetopny six per cent, on all labor. P.: nor
rollers arc now ordered from England at a price that
will not allow us to build them. Woolen machinery
is also being ordered fiora England. Arguments are
of little use, but tacts arcure ill their results. J-iie
taxes that are now imposed on machinery will nta-
niatelv result in producing less revenue than is now
raised, and if eonunacd as they are now y/ill result m
stopping many indnstiril pui.-uits; the laboring class
wilt not be employed, and consequently our manu-
