1866.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
519
Laws of the United States.
39tii Cong.... 1st Sess.
For repair of wharves, two thousand five
hundred dollars.
For one Ames's wharf crane, three thousand
dollars.
For machinery and tools, fifty thousand dol-
lars.
For ship-joiners' shop and timber shed num-
ber twelve, forty-five thousand dollars.
For storehouse number fourteen, forty-six
thousand dollars.
For the protection of the property at'Nor-
folk navy-yard, twenty thousand dollars, or so
much thereof as shall be necessary.
Pcnsacola, Florida.
For muster office, ei[g]ht thousand one hun-
dred and four dollars.
For new gate to dock basin, thirty thousand
dollars.
For pile engine, seven hundred dollars.
For the preservation and necessary repairs
of the property of the United States at the
Pensacola navy-yard, fifty thousand dollars,
or so much thereof as may be necessary.
Mare Island, California.
_ For foundery and boiler establishment,
eighty-five thousand dollars.
For cisterns, buildings sixty-eight and forty-
five, seven thousand three hundred dollars.
For quay wall, fifty thousand dollars.
For grading, twenty thousand dollars.
For cistern and holder for gas-works, two
thousand five hundred dollars.
For repairs of all kinds, fifty thousand dol-
lars.
hospitals.
Boston.
For repairs of buildings, roads, fences,
cemetery, walls, stable, and furniture; paint-
ing, glazing, grounds, and miscellaneous items,
ten thousand dollars.
New York.
For repairs of hospital buildings and append-
ages, roads, fences, walls, stables, and furni-
ture ; painting, glazing, cemetery, grounds, and
miscellaneous items, ten thousand five hundred
dollars.
Laboratory, New York.
For repairs of buildings and appendages,
purchase and repairs of instruments, apparatus,
and machinery, painting, glazing, furniture,
and miscellaneous items, three thousand five
hundred dollars.
Washington.
For completing building authorized by act
of Congress approved March fourteenth, eight-
een hundred and sixty-four, including cost of
inclosing premises, grading sidewalks, laying
curbstones, together with the necessary out-
buildings and their appurtenances, thirty thou-
sand dollars.
Annapolis.
For repairing hospital building, appendages,
painting, glazing, furniture, and miscellaneous
items, five thousand dollars.
Norfolk.
For repairs of buildings, appendages, roads,
fences, rebuilding sea-wall, painting and glaz-
ing, spouting and repairing roof, wharves and
bridges, brick pavement, stable, furniture,
floors of basement, improving grounds, and
for miscellaneous items, twenty thousand dol-
lars.
Pensacola.
For repairs of building, appendages, paint-
ing, glazing, furniture, and miscellaneous items,
ten thousand five hundred dollars.
Mare Island.
For repairs of building, appendages, paint-
ing, glazing, furniture, and miscellaneous items,
seven thousand five hundred dollars.
miscellaneous.
For pay of superintendent, naval construct-
ors, and all the civil establishments of the sev-
eral navy-yards and stations, one hundred and
forty-six thousand two hundred and thirty dol-
lars. And the pay of the clerk of the yard
and first clerk to naval store-keeper at each of
the navy-yards at Portsmouth, New Hamp-
shire, and Philadelphia, shall be twelve hun-
dred dollars per annum.
For testing the use of petroleum as a fuel
under marine boilers, five thousand dollars.
For the construction of a levee on the river
front of the Government property at Mound
City, Illinois, seven thousand dollars.
To pay mileage of Visitors to the Naval
Academy, one thousand dollars.
For expenses of Naval Academy, viz: for
pay of civil officers, professors, watchmen, and
others, contingent expenses, improvements,
and repairs, one hundred and ninety-eight thou-
sand four hundred and twenty-nine dollars.
For the purchase of the land adjacent to the
Naval Academy at Annapolis, belonging to the
State of Maryland, and known as the Govern-
ment House and grounds, twenty-five thousand
dollars.
For the purchase of other grounds at Annap-
olis for the use of the Naval Academy, twenty-
five thousand dollars.
For the erection of a building suitable for
the accommodation of the third and fourth
classes at the Naval Academy, one hundred
thousand dollars.
For the erection of a inacliine-shop at the
Naval Academy, twenty thousand dollars.
For the increase of the library at the Naval
Academy, two thousand dollars.
For the enlargement of the chapel at the
Naval Academy, and for the erection of mural
tablets therein to commemorate the memory
of naval officers who have sacrificed their lives
in the service of the country, seven thousand
dollars.
naval observatory.
For the pay of assistant astronomer, three
aids, and clerk, eight thousand dollars.
For wages of instrument maker, two watch-
men, porter, and messenger; for keeping'
grounds in order, and repairs to buildings
and inelosures: for fuel, light, office furniture,
and stationery, and for freight, transportation,
postage, and incidental expenses, twelve thou-
sand dollars.
For preparing for publication the American
Nautical Almanac, fifteen thousand eight hun-
dred and fifty dollars.
naval asylum, philadelphia. ■
For furniture and repairs to same, one thou-
sand dollars.
For house cleaning and whitewashing, eight
hundred dollars.
For furnaces, grates, and ranges, seven hun-
dred dollars.
For gas and water rent, one thousand five
hundred dollars.
For improvement of grounds, three hundred
dollars.
For wharves and lots, eight hundred dol-
lars.
For painting houses and walls, two thousand
dollars.
For repairs of all kinds, one thousand dol-
lars.
For support of beneficiaries, forty-eight
thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. And he it further enacted, That so
much of the first section of the act making
appropriations for the naval service, approved
May twenty-first, eighteen hundred and sixty-
four, as appropriates two hundred and fifty
thousand dollars " for bounties for destruction
of enemies' vessels, as per act of July seven-
teenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-two,'' be
amended so that said appropriation shall apply
to all cases of destruction of enemies' vessels
during the recent rebellion, and at the same
rate as is provided in the act to which refer-
ence is made.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That no
portion of the amounts herein appropriated
shall be paid in violation of the provisions of
the act entitled "An act to prescribe an oath
of office, and for other purposes," approved
July second, eighteen hundred and sixty-two.
Susu. 4. And be it further enacted, That so
much of the second section of an act entitled
An act to regulate the pay of the Navy of the
United States, approved March three, eighteen
hundred and thirty-five, as prohibits any allow-
ance to any officer in the naval service for rent
of quarters, or for furniture, or for lights, or
fuel, or transporting baggage, and all acts and
parts of acts authorizing the appointment of
Navy agents, be. and the same are hereby, re-
pealed.
Sec. 5. And be it furl her enacted, That the
examination of candidates for admission to the
Naval Academy shall be held at such stated
times as the Secretary of the Navy may direct.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the
office of assistant in Bureau of Ordnance be,
and the same is hereby, abolished.
Sec. 7. And be itf urther enacted, That here-
after no vacancy in the grade of professor of
mathematics in the Navy shall be filled.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the
act approved August thirty-first, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-two, for "surveys an[d] recon-
noissances, for naval and commercial purposes,
of such parts of Behring's straits of the north
Pacific ocean, and of the China seas, as are
frequented by American whale ships and by
trading vessels in their routes between the
United States and China," be, and the same
is hereby, revived, and the Secretary of the
Navy is hereby authorized and required to re-
commence and continue surveys and recon-
noissances in the Pacific ocean, not yet fully
examined, by usingsuch vessels, officers, crews,
outfits, and- supplies of the Navy, as may be
necessary and available for that service.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That, for
the purpose of settling the accounts of disburs-
ing officers of the Navy, where pavments for
contingent expenses have been made from the
appropriation for "the pay of the Navy" prior
to the passage of the act making appropriations
for the fiscal year eighteen hundred and sixty-
three-four, the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized to transfer from
the appropriation for the pay of the Navy to
the appropriation for contingent, the sum of
two hundred and forty-five thousand and nine
hundred and four dollars and twelve cents.
Ai'imovrJ), April 17, 18(K>.
Chap. XLVT.—An Act to reimburse the State
of Missouri for Moneys expended for the
United Stales in enrolling, equipping, and
provisioning militia Forces to aid in sup-
pressing the Rebellion.
Beitenaetcd t>y the Senate anil House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That immediately after the
passage of this act the President shall by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate ap-
point three commissioners, whose duty it shall
be to ascertain the amount of moneys expended
by the State of Missouri, in enrolling, equip-
ping, subsisting, and paying such State forces
as have been called into service in said State
since the twenty-fourth day of August, eighteen
hundred and sixty-one, to act in concert with
the United States forces in the suppression of
rebellion against the United States. And the
said commissioners shall be authorized and
required to sit as a board at some place in the
State of Missouri, and shall be authorized to
call witnesses before them and examine them
under oath. And said commissioners shall be
authorized to employ a clerk at a rate of com-
pensation not to exceed fifteen hundred dollars
per annum.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
commissioners so appointed shall proceed, sub-
