.1866,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Mr.. NESMITH. I move that the Senate
concur in that amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
REPRESENTATION Oi' SOUTHERN STATES.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, .asked, and by unan-
imous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
joint resolution (S. R. No. 59) providing for
admitting Senators and Representatives from
the States lately in insurrection into the Con-
gress of the United States; which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. As this joint res-
olution is framed on the theory that has been
followed by the President of the United States
in the policy pursued by him for reconstructing
the States lately in insurrection, I should be
glad to have it read at length.
The Secretary read the resolution, which
proposes that Senators and Representatives
from either of the States lately in insurrection
shall be admitted into Congress whenever it
shall satisfactorily appear that such State has,
in accordance with the advice of the President
of the United,States, passed laws annulling its
ordinance of secession, ratifying the amend-
ment of the Constitution of the United States
abolishing slavery, repudiating all rebel debts,
recognizing the debts of the United States, and
extending the elective franchise to all male
persons of color residing in the State over
twenty-one years of age who can read the Con-
stitution of the United States in the English
language and write their names, and also to all
male persons ol color of like age and residence
who own real estate valued at not less than
$250, and pay taxes thereon. The resolution
is accompanied by a proviso declaring that such
Senators and Representatives shall possess all
the qualifications required by the Constitution
and laws of the United States.
Mr. BROWN. I should like to inquire of the
Senator from Kansas whether he has any assur-
ance that the President of the United States is
of the same opinion now as he was when he
uttered those sentiments.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I have no assurance
from the President of the United States on
that or any other subject; but this I do know,
that the Republican party of which 1 am a mem-
ber is crumbling to pieces, and that every day
we postpone the reception of these States tends
to insure the destruction of that party. I know
further, that if both branches of the Congress
of the United States pass this joint resolution
and the President signs it, itwill bring the Re-
publican party and the President of theiiepub-
, liean party together in harmony, and continue
the political power of this country in the hands
of that party.
Sir, I have been laboring for months to har-
monize the President of the United States with
the majority on the floor of Congress. I thought
yesterday that there was a hope of securing
such a result. Tt did seem that some of the
members of this body were disposed to har-
monize with the President. I proposed to go
very far yesterday to secure that harmony.
But while pursuing this course, we were awak-
ened by one of the most vindictive assaults ever
made upon any official by either friend or
opponent from the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Wade]—an assault upon my personal friend,
jy)fQt who for two years sat side by side with
me here, whom I learned to respect and admire
for his pluck, his ability., and integrity, and to
love for his manly virtues; a man whom X oii
einally selected as the candidate of the Repub-
lican partv for the second office within the gift
of that party; a man whom I urged on the Re-
publican convention at Baltimore as their can-
didate; a man whose election I did my utmost
to secure against the efforts of the beuatoi from
Ohio. In the most critical moment of that
political campaign an assault was made on
our presidential candidate in the same spirit
evinced bv him yesterday in his attack upon
the President. I defended the candidate ot
the Republican party against that assault, and
I defend the President of the Republican party
against the assault of yesterday.
"A despot!" " Adictator!"^ In what? In'
seeking to reconstruct the rebellious; States in
violation of the wishes of the Congress of .the
United States? When Mr. Johnson took his-
seat in the presidential chair, I ask you, sir,
what had Congress done? *The people of the
United States had done this: Mr. Lincoln had
marked out the policy of reconstruction, since
adopted by Mr. Johnson, and the people of
the United States? the party to which the Sen-
ator from Ohio and myself belong, indorsed
by triumphant majorities that very reconstruc-
tion policy. A despot for proposing, in viola-
tion of the wishes of the Congress of the Uni-
ted States, to reconstruct the, insurrectionary
States upon the theory expressed in that joint
resolution annulling the ordinances of seces-
sion, ratifying the amendment to the Constitu-
tion abolishing slavery, repudiating the con-
federate debt, indorsing the national debt, and
extending suffrage to all colored men who can
read the Constitution of the United States
and sign their names, and to all colored men
owning and paying taxes upon $250 worth of
property!
Mr. President, I am not as conversant with
the constituency of the Senator from Ohio as
he is, but I venture the assertion that outside
of New England there is not a- single northern
State in this Union but will by a majority vote
to indorse the policy of reconstruction advised
by President J ohnson and expressed in that
joint resolution. You cannot carry before the
people of this country suffrage to the unquali-
lied black man. You cannot find a State in this
Union outside of fcfcw England, in my judg-
ment, that will indorse that poJ#cy. Restrict
it to a qualification clause, as the President of
the United States recommends, and you can
carry the Republican Union party everywhere
and with unanimity.
The President of the United States '_'a des
pot" for exorcising a constitutional right m
vetoing a bill passed by Congress 1 Mr. Presi-
dent, had the Senator from Ohio occupied the
position which is occupied by'Presidcnt John-
son, in my judgment, he would have vetoed the
civil rights bill. "A despot!" What is the
exercise of the veto power V It amounts merely
to a vote to reconsider, with the lights given
in his reasons for the vcto.^ When before lias
the exercise of a constitutional right justincu
a political friend of the President ot the Uni-
ted States in denouncing that President as a
despot and a dictator ? He lias been and is
now, in my judgment, as anxious to harmo
nize the difficulties in the Union party as any
Senator upon this floor. If he was met m .the
same spirit, that party would bo reunited and
this Union Would be restored. His advances
arc met by insult; his advances are met by
denunciation from the leader of the Republican
party upon this Senate floor in language with-
out a parallel. Mr. President, so far as I am
concerned, I propose to-day and hereafter to
take my position alongside the President of the
Republican party and stand there unflinchingly
so long as ho remains faithful to the principles
of that partv, defending him against the Sen-
ator from Ohio as I defended his predecessor
against the same Senator.
I should bo glad to have the joint resolu
tion lie upon the table for the present, and be
printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
will be entered, if there be no objection.
Mr. WADE. I am very sorry to see that
inv friend from Kansas is so much exercised
this morning. 1 do not know why his nerves
should be so shocked and shaken by anything
that I have said or done. I certainly have said
nothing in opposition to tho project of recon-
structing the States, that he has now laid before
us, I believe, for the first time. Vv hen it was
read, I thought it read very well, and I am not
at all sure that I should not be willing to accept
it. 1 want time to consider it. 1 do not know
really what is in it. I will not make any pledges
that. 1 will accept it. but he attacks me very
violently; as Lord Hale sajrs, "he leaps before
he comes to the stile.'' I have said nothing,
certainly, 'in 'opposition 'to: his .prx^dsitioxij .
really I. do not know what ■ it is. entirely, pat .
I thought it sounded very well on just hearing .
it loosely. •
And now, sir, it'islsaid I made" an attack oa •
the Presidenfcof the United States.- ■ As aSeif'?--
ator upon this floor, I care no more, about,the..
opinions of the President of the United States ^
than-1 do about those of any respectable-Sen- ■:
ator upon this floor, or any Senator on.- this
floor. Who is your President, that everjr maii
must bow to his opinion? Why, sir, we'all •
know him; he is no stranger to this body. We
have measured him; we know his height, his •
depth, his length, his breadth, his capacity,
and all about him. Do you set him up as a
paragon and declare here on the floor of this
Senate that you are going to make us all bow
down before him? Is that the idea? Yo_u
To Mr. Lane, of Kansas,] are going to be Ms
apologist and defender in whatever he may
propose to do! Is that the understanding of
the Senator from Kansas?
I do not believe that his constituents will be
quite satisfied with so broad a declaration, that
he is to wear any man's collar, and follow him
wherever he may go. Did I use harsh lan-
guage toward the President yesterday ? All
that I said I stand by to-day and forever. - What1
was the question upon which I made those ob-
servations and what has been the opinion of
il. — VtAATV FI1S
the-President heretofore; what has been his
action since? Here are three million people,-
our frifends, friends to the Government, .who
generously came forward in its d iffictifity -aild
helped us throughout the war, sacrificed' their-
blood and their lives to maiiftain the issue on.
our side, and who were faithful beyond all •
men that were ever faithful before, to us during -
the whole of the difficulty, everywhere assisting
our brave soldiers in the field, laying down their
lives to maintain our principles, and ministering
in every way to the misfortunes of our brave
men whenever they fell into the- hands of those
worse than savages with whom we werewarring;
and now these men are laboring, are under one
of the most frightful despotisms that ever set-
tled down upon the heads of-mankind. Three
million people are exposed to the outrages, the
insolence, the murder of those worse than sav-
ages, their former masters, murdered as we hear
every day, oppressed everywhere, their #ghts
taken away, their manhood trampled under foot;
and Congress, under the Constitution of the
United States, endeavors to extend to them
somelittle protection, and how are we met here ?
Every attempt of your Moses has been to tram-
ple them down worse, and to _ throw every
obstruction in the way of any relief that could
be proposed by Congress.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. _ Will the gentleman
permit me to ask him if his remarks of yester-
day are published ? I do not find them 111 the
Globe. Are they published?
Mr. GRIMES. They are there.
Mr. WADE. I do not know anything about
them; I do not look into the Globe; and I am
not very apt to take back anything 1 have said}
either. , , . .
Mr. G RIMES. They arc on the third page.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I see them now. _
Mr. WADE. Now, sir, how stands this
matter? The President of the United States
did at an early period profess to be the pro-
tector, the friend, the Moses of these men, to
lead them from bondage to liberty. How has
he redeemed that pledge? He has from
appearances become their inveterate and relent-
less foe, making violent war upon any member
of Congress who dares raise his voice or give
his vote in favor of any measure having for its
object the amelioration of the condition of these
noor people. Talk to me about the President
being their friend! When did it ever happen
before that a great measure of relief to suffer-
ing humanity on as broad a scalers this was
met by the stern veto of the President of the
United States, and without being able when
he undertakes to make his obstruction to our
measures to designate a single clausc of the
Constitution that he pretends has been violated.
