3720
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
in this bill more than a corresponding advan-
tage as compared with the wool-grower. The
result will be that the manufacturer of woolen
labries will bo able to purchase just as much
foreign wool as he now purchases. You will
uot, by the passage of this bill, relieve the
American wool-grower from the injurious effect
of the competition of the foreign wool. In this
respect you leave him in the same position in
which he is at'prcsent.
. The SPEAKER. The ten minutes of the
gentleman from Iowa have expired.
Mr. GARFIELD. I yield five minutes to
the gentleman from New York, [Mr.-DoDGE.]
Mr. DODGE. Mr. Speaker, I have watched
the progress of the debate upon this bill in Com-
m'ttee of the Whole with deep interest, and I
might, have contented myself with simply cast-
ing my vote ; but coming as I do from a com-
mercial city, I feel bound to state why I vote
" ay " upon this bill.
^ Mr. Speaker, brought up in my youth in a
village which was the seat of a cotton manufac-
turing industry, I early learned to sympathize
with what was known as the "American sys-
tem;" and from that day to this I have wit-
nessed a great excitement and predictions of
ruin to commerce whenever a now tariff has
been produced; and yet we have continued to
prosper under each successive change; fof
whenever any one article manufactured here
gained such a position as to supplant the for-
eign, some other article was produced to supply
its place in the list of imports, and thus the
total amount of importations from abroad have
gone on increasing, until now, under the pres-
ent tariff which was denounced as prohibitory,
we have imported a larger amount the last year
than in any previous year.
As I have but a few minutes allowed me, I
hasten to say that I am impressed with the con-
vict ion that the commercial interests of the city
which I in part represent will be promoted by
the prosperity of the agricultural and manu-
facturing interests, and by the ability of the
country, which alone can come from that pros-
perity, to buy and pay for the vast amounts of
imports which I am confident, notwithstanding
this tariff, will continue to flow to this country.
The bill proposes a duty on wool and woolen
goods which wiil undoubtedly stimulate the
growth of wool to the general advantage of
the country. If the increased duties in time
shut out a portion of the coarser woolen fab-
rics there will be an increased ability of the
West and South to purchase largely the finer
foreign clothes. The increased duty on flax-
seed will not only encourage the manufacture
of the cuarser articles of linen, but will give
a greater ability to purchase the finer articles
of linen made abroad.
The duty on iron will stimulate the manufac-
ture of rails in the West on the banks of the
Mississippi, and thus save the cost of transport-
ing wheat twelve hundred miles by railroad
and then three thousand miles acros3 the^lt-
lantic to purchase rails to build roads in the
very vicinity of immense beds of coal and
iron, the manufacture of which will create a
home market for the wheat.
There are many tilings in the bill which I
think should have been amended. The duties
on many articles are unnecessarily large, and
could have been reduced without any detri-
ment to the country. I trust they wifl yet be
adjusted in the House. But in view of the
state of our finances, and feeling the convic-
tion that the increased tariff will, notwith-
standing the predictions to the contrary,
secure us an amount of revenue equal to the
estimates of the Secretary of the Treasury,
I shall vote for the bill.
I had hoped that the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] to re-
commit the bill, with instructions to the com-
mittee to report it at the next session, would
bo adopted, as it would have given time for the
b'Jtte- adjustment of the bill to the different
:vorests of the country.
^ Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Speaker, at this late
iiour of the session, and after tho protracted
discussion in which so many gentlemen have
engaged-, I would not further trespass upon the
patience of the House but for the fact that this
bill has been so gravely misrepresented here
and- so unjustly assailed from without that there
has been raised no small clamor against it for
iniquities which it does not contain and for
omissions which have not been made. This is
not the time to enter into any elaborate discus-
sion of those general principles which under-
lie the most complicated of financial subjects,
the trade between the United States and other
nations.
The abstract theories of free trade and protec-
tion, as laid down in the books, can be of little
practical value in the consideration of this bill.
The disciples of either school would be puzzled
to apply their doctrines to the present situation
jaf our trade and commerce, as has been strik-
ingly illustrated during the progress of this de-
bate. There is scarcely a free trader on this
floor who has not, since this discussion began,
in order to secure a higher duty on some prod-
uct in which his constituents .were interested,
made use of arguments and doctrines which
met the hearty approval of the most extreme
protectionists; and, on the other hand, when
these same protectionists have been desirous
of bringing into this country some article im-
portant to their people, we have heard them
again and again defend their propositions by
declarations which would bring down thunders
of applause from an audience of free-trade
leaguerS.
There are two extremes of opinion in thig
House and in the country to which I cannot
assent. During the past year I have been fre-
quently solicited to subscribe publicly to the
dogmas of various organizations based on op-
posite and extreme doctiines in relation to our
financial policy; but I have steadily declined
to do so, partly for the reason that I could not
assent to all their articles of faith, and partly
because I preferred to approach the question
on which wo wore to legislate untrammcled by
any abstract theory, which, apparently sound,
might be impracticable when applied to the
facts of our situation. I would not be misun-
derstood, nor for any 'political advantage to
myself personally would I allow my constitu-
ents to suppose that I indorsed any doctrines
which, though they should be pleasing to many
of them, do not meet with my own conviction*;
of truth and duty. i
If to be a protectionist is to adopt the prac-
tice which characterized thelegislation of Great
Britain and the leading nations of "Europe for
more than two hundred years, and which is
now commended to us by some of our politi-
cal philosophers and statesmen, then I am no
protectionist and shall never be one. If to be
a protectionist is to base our legislation upon
the policy which led the Parliament of Great
Britain from the days of Elizabeth to Charles
II to forbid the exportation of sheep and wool
from the_ kingdom under penalty of confisca-
tion and imprisonment for the first offense, and
torture and death for the second; which led the
same Parliament in 1078 to pass a law entitled
"An act for the encouragement of woolen man-
ufactures," which ordered that every corpse
should be buried in a woolen shroud; a policv
which led the Lord Chancellor to declare the
necessity of going to war with Holland because
the commerce of the Dutch was surpassing that
of GreatBritain ; which led the diplomatists of
England to insist in an article in the treaty of
Utrecht of 1713, in accordance with which the
finest harbor in northern Europe was filled up
and hopelessly ruined, lest by its aid the* trade
of France should eclipse that of England ; a
policy which tortured industry in every imagi-
nable way, and ignored all the great laws of
value, of exchange, and of industrial growth;
which cost England her North American col-
onies and plunged Europe into more wars
during the seventeenth and eighteenth cen-
turies than all other causes combined—if to
be a protectionist means this, or anything
fairly akin to this, then, I repeat, I am no
protectionist. That policy softened down in
its outward manifestations, but essentially thq
same in spirit, is urged upon us now by those
who would have us place so high a duty upon
foreign merchandise as to prohibit the impor-
tation of any article which this country pro-
duces or can produce. Besides placing our-
selves in an attitude of perpetual hostility to
other nations, and greatly reducing our carry-
ing trade, we should make monopolists of all
the leading manufacturers of this country, who
could fix the price of all their products at their
discretion.
If, on the other hand, we should adopt the
theories of the radical free trader, and declare
that our tariff shall be only for revenue, and
nothing for protection, and particularly were
that doctrine to be put in practice at such a
time as in -1836, when we had no debt, and a
large surplus in the Treasury to be given away,
no one can fail to see that we should break down
the dik^ which our predecessors have erected
for the defense of American industry, and
should destroy or seriously cripple our manu-
facturing industry, which produces nearly one
half the annual income of our people, (for the
manufactured products of this country in I860
were valued at $1,900,000,000,) we should rev-
olutionize our industrial system, and place our-
selves at the mercy of foreign manufacturers.
Let either of these parties frame the tariff, and
the result will be calamitous in the highest
degree.
If to bo a free trader means all this, and
pledges us to let the competition of the world
come in upon our people, and thus to disjoint
and derange the industrial system of the Uni-
ted States, then I am no free trader and can
never be. One of the worst features in our
industrial system is the irregularity and uncer-
tainty of the legislation in reference to the tar-
iff. It subjects the busiuess of manufacturing
to the uncertainty of a lottery investment. If
the prohibitionists succeed one year the profits
of manufacturers are enormous. If, as is quits
probable, the reaction of the next year puts free
traders in power, the losses are equally great.
What, then, is the point of stable equilibrium
where wo can balance these great industries
with the most reasonable hope of permanence?
We have seen that one extreme school of econ-
omists would place the price of all manufac-
tured articles in the hands of foreign producers,
by rendering it impossible for our manufac-
turers to compete with them, while the other
extreme school, by making it impossible for
the foreigner to sell his competing wares in our
market, would have no check upon the prices
which our manufacturers might fix upon their
products. I hold, therefore, that a properly
adjusted competition between home and for-
eign products is the best gauge by which to
regulate international trade. Duties should be
so high that our manufacturers can fairly com-
pete with the foreign product, but not so high
as to enable them to drive out the foreign ar-
ticle, enjoy a monopoly o£ the trade, and regu-
late the price as they please. To this extent I
am a protectionist. If our Government pursues
this line of policy steadily we shall year by year
approach more nearly to the basis of free trade,
because we shall be more nearly able to com-
pete with other nations on equal terras. I am
for a protection which leads to ultimate free
trade. I am for that free trade which can only
be achieved through protection.
I desire to call attention briefly to some of
the fallacies and misrepresentations by which
this bill has been assailed. In the first place
it has been stated again and again that this is
a New England measure, and repeated attempts
have been made to arouse sectional jealousy
based on that allegation. I affirm that this is
not a New England measure, but more than
any tariff ever framed by Congress it protects
and aids the agricultural interests of the coun-
try. If there has ever been an agricultural
tariff this is one.
Look at its provisions. On the subject of
wools it is proposed to increase the duty on
foreign competing wools from six cents pei
pound to ten cents per pound, and ten pei
