2760
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, May 23, 1866.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H, Gray.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. MORGAN presented a memorial of
manufacturers of stoves, praying that the tax
on stoves may be reduced ; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. COWAN presented the petition of
employes in John Wood & Brother's Penn-
sylvania Iron Works at Conshohocken, Penn-
sylvania, and the petition of Samuel Riddle,
Wright Turner, and others, of Delaware county,
Pennsylvania, praying for an increase of the
tariff for the protection of American industry ;
which were, referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. HENDERSON presented additional
papers to accompany the petition of J. II;
Ellis, paymaster, United States Army, to be
reimbursed for Government moneys stolen from
him at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas ; which were
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of citi-
zens of the State of Oregon and Washington
Territory, praying for an appropriation by
Congress for'the payment of the claims grow-
ing out of the war to repel Indian invasions in
1855 and 1856, in accordance with the award
of a commission authorized by act of Con-
gress ; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, presented the peti-
tion of Margaret A. Farran, praying for a pen-
sion ; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
reports of committees.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred a bill (H. R.
No. 492) making appropriations for the repair,
preservation, and completion of certain public
works heretofore commenced under the author-
ity of law, and for other purposes, reported it
with amendments.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred a
bill (H. R. No. 564) to annul the thirty-fourth
section of the declaration of rights of the State
of Maryland, so far as it applies to the District
of Columbia, reported it without amendment.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom were
referred sundry petitions and memorials, pray-
ing for the equalization of bounties to soldiers
in the late war, asked to be discharged from their
further consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, from the Commit-
tee on Pensions, to whom was referred the
fetition of Mrs. Sarah A. Brewer, widow of
lajor Brewer, late paymaster United States
volunteers, praying for a pension, reported
adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to who.m
was referred the petition of Sarah A. Hol-
land, praying for a pension, reported adversely
thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Mary Good, pray-
ing for a pension, reported adversely thereon.
bills introduced.
Mr. MORRILL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
. (S. No. 337) to incorporate the National Gas-
light Company; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 838) for the relief of Henry Great-
house and Samuel Kelly; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
message from the 110 dsj3.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiieiison, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
the following bill and joint resolution, in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 598) to establish a uniform
system of bankruptcy throughout the United
States; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 142) author-
izing the Postmaster General to pay additional
salary to letter carriers in San S rancisco.
the metric system.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. In compli-
ance with the order of the Senate directing the
Chair to appoint a select committoe on coins
and weights and measures to consider several
bills and joint resolutions from the House of
Representatives on that subject, the Chair will
announce the appointment of Mr. Sumner,
Mr. Sherman, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Nesmith,
and Mr. Guthrie.
cornelius ts. gold.
Mr. CRAGIN. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No. 453.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 458) for the relief
of Cornelius B. Gold, late acting assistant pay-
master United States Navy.
It directs the proper accounting officers of the
Government, in the settlement of the accounts
of Cornelius B. Gold, late acting assistant pay-
master United States Navy, to allow a credit
of $510 09 for clothing abstracted from a store-
room in his charge while on duty in Mobile
bay in the spring or summer of 1865 ; but no
credit is to be allowed until the proper officers
of the Government shall be satisfied by full
and complete proof of the loss of the clothing
herein referred to.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
house bills referred.
The following bill and joint resolution from
the House of Representatives were severally
lead twice by their titles, and referred as indi-
cated below:
A bill (H. R. No. 598) to establish a uni-
form system of bankruptcy throughout the Uni-
ted States—to the Committee on the Judiciary.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 142) author-
izing the Postmaster General to pay additional
salary to letter carriers in San Francisco—to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
bridge at winona.
Mr. NORTON. I now move to take up
Senate bill No. 263.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 263) to author-
ize the Winona and St. Peter's Railroad Com-
pany to construct a bridge across the Missis-
sippi river and to establish a post route, the
pending question being on the amendment of-
fered by Mr. Howe, in section one, line nine,
after the word "Wisconsin" to insert "or
between La Crosse, in the State of Wisconsin,
and the opposite bank of said river, iu the State
of Minnesota, as may be agreed by the Legisla-
tures of Minnesota and Wisconsin;" so as to
make the section read:
That the "VVinona and St. Peter's Ilailroad'Com-
pany, a corporation oxi.-ring under and by virtue of
the laws of the State of Minnesota, be, and the same
is hereby, authorized and empowered tocrect, main-
tain, use, itnd operate a bridse across the Mississippi
river, between the city of Winona, in the State of
Minnesota, and the opposite bank of said river, in
the State of Wisconsin, or between La Crosse, in the
State of Wisconsin, and the opposite bank of said
river, in the State of Minnesota, as may be ascreed
by the Legislatures of Minnesota and Wisconsin,
subject to the conditions and limitations hereinafter
provided, &a.
Mr. NORTON. I do not desire to discuss
this amendment any further. The Senate per-
haps will remember all that was said on the
subject the other day. I will state, however,
that the effect of this amendment will be to
open a controversy between the Legislatures of
the States of Wisconsin and Minnesota that
must inevitably result in a failure to constru ct
a bridge at all connecting the roads either at
La Crosse or at Winona. I hope the amend-
ment will not be adopted.
Mr. HOWE. I cannot assent to that view of
the effect of this amendment. It is not offered
with any such design. It is offered for the sim-
ple purpose of allowing each of the two States
to have a voice in settling the point at which
these crossings shall be made. If the effect,
however, were to be such as the Senator from
Minnesota suggests, it seems to me that would
be a conclusive reason why tho Senate should
not refuse to adopt it, because then the Senate
would be inevitably placing itself in the atti-
tude of imposing a burden upon one State in
behalf of another or of a locality in another
State, which I take it the Senate does not choose
to do.
Mr. NORTON. Just one word. The rail-
road systems of the State of Minnesota and of
the State of Wisconsin have settled the points
at which these crossings ought to be ; and it
does not depend, and it ought not to depend,
upon the Legislature of either of these States.
The construction of the railroads of the State
of Minnesota, according to the system of that
State, makes it necessary to have a bridge at
'Winona; the railroad system of the State of
Wisconsin may make it necessary to have one
at La Crosse. The systems of these two States
ought to settle the question as to the points
where bridges are necessary, and it ought not
to be made to depend upon the local interests
or a clashing between the interests of the two
States. As I said the other day, the Senate
will remember, there is no company in the
State of Minnesota, authorized to construct a
road on the west bank of the river from Winona
to La Crosse; and without that, the proposi-
tion to Minnesota to make the crossing of the
Winona and St. Peter's railroad at La Crosse
would be simply nonsense, because we have no
company in Minnesota authorized to construct
a road there.
Mr. HOWE. The fact that there is no com-
pany in Minnesota authorized to build a road
down the west bank of tho river to a point
opposite La Crosse is an argument which may
be brought to bear in its full force upon tho
Legislature of Wisconsin, and it is to that
Legislature I wish it referred. I do not wish
the Senate of the United States to be influ-
enced by that argument. If under the influ-
ence of it the Legislature of Wisconsin see fit
to accept a bridge across the river at Winona
they can do it; but it is not an argument why
tho Senate should impose one upon the State
against her wish. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Several Senators. What is the question?
Mr. HOWE. Senators tell me they do not
know what the question is. I will state it.
The bill as it stands authorizes the building of
a bridge across the Mississippi river at Winona.
If this amendment be adopted it will authorize
the building of a bridge either at Winona or at
La Crosse, which is about twelve miles duo
south from Winona, at one or the other of these
points as shall be agreed upon by the Legisla-
tures of the two States.
Mr. MORRILL. Suppose the Legislatures
cannot agree?
Mr. HOWE. In that event it would not
authorize the building of a bridge at either
point; but we suppose that the two States
know better for themselves than we can know
whether they want a bridge across the river
and where they want it.
Mr. NORTON. For the purpose of cor-
recting a false impression that might be made
by the remark of the Senator from Wisconsin
that La Crosse is twelve miles due south of
Winona, I desire to state that the fact is that
by the course of the river it is forty miles from
Winona to La Crosse, the ri ver running in a
southeasterly direction. The distance is forty
miles ; at least it has been so understood ever
since I have been iu that-country.
