320
APPENDIX TO THE COWGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
| April 28,
39th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
ject to regulations to be prescribed by the Sec-
retary of War, at once to examine all the items
of expenditure made by said State for the pur-
poses herein named, allowing only for disburse-
ments made and amounts assumed by the State
for enrolling, equipping, subsisting, and paying
such troops as were called into service by the
Governor, at the request of the United States
department commander commanding the dis-
trict in which Missouri may at the time have
been included, or by the express order, con-
sent, or concurrence of sueh commander, or
which may have been employed in suppressing
rebellion in said State, under the authority and
command of Federal officers. And no allow-
ance shall be made for any troops which did
not perform actual military service in full con-
cert and cooperation with the authorities of the
United States and subject to their orders.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That in
making up said account, for the convenience
of the accounting officers of the Government,
the commissioners shall state separately the
amounts expended, respectively, for enrolling,
equipping, arming, subsisting, and paying said
troops, and from the aggregate amount they
shall deduct the amount of direct tax due by
the said State to the United States under the
act entitled "An act to provide increased rev-
enue from imports, pay interest on the public
debt, and forotherpurposes," approved August
fifth, eighteen hundred and sixty-one.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That in
the adjustment of accounts under this act the
commissioners shall not allow for any expend-
iture or compensation for service at a rate
greater than was at the time authorized by the
laws of the United States and the regulations
prescribed by the Secretary of War in similar
cases.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That so
soon as said commissioners shall have made
up said account and ascertained the balance,
as herein directed, they shall make written re-
port thereof, showing the different items of
expenditure as hereinbefore stated, to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, and shall transmit all
the testimony taken by said commissioners to
the Secretary of the Treasury; and if upon an
examination by the proper accounting officers
of ilie Treasury the account shall be found to
bo just and correct, the same shall be paid.
Sue. (i. And be it further enacted, That the
commissioners to be appointed as aforesaid
shall, before proceeding to the discharge of
their duties, bo severally sworn that they will
carefully examine the accounts existing be-
tween the United States and the State of Mis-
souri, and that they will, to the best of their
ability, make a just, true, and impartial state-
ment thereof, as required by this act. They
shall receive such compensation for their ser-
vices as maybe determined by the Secretary of
the Treasury, not exceeding ten dollars per day
for each day of actual service.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the
sum of six million seven hundred and fifteen
thousand and eighty-nine dollars and sixty-five
cents, or so much thereof as may be necessary,
be, and the same is hereby, appropriated to
carry this act into effect.
Approved, April 17, 1866.
Chap. XLVII.—An Act to authorize the Pres-
ident of the United States to transfer a Gun-
boat to the Government of the Republic of
Liberia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the President of the
United States be, and he is hereby, authorized
to transfer to the Government of the republic
of Liberia any one of the gunboats now or
hereafter included in tk« Navy of the United
States, her armament, tackle, apparel, and fur-
niture, which may be acceptable to that Gov-
ernment, and can, in the judgment of the Sec-
retary of the Navy, be conveniently spared for
that purpose, and upon a valuation to be fixed
by him.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of the Navy is authorized and di-
rected to enter into a contract with any person
duly empowered by the Government of that
republic, by which that Government shall en-
gage to repay to the United States the value
of the gunboat to be transferred: Provided,
That the contract shall stipulate for the full
reimbursement to the United States of the
value of such gunboat in annual installments,
not exceeding ten in number, with interest on
each at six per centum per annum from the
date of the contract.
Approved, April 17, 18G6.
Ciiap. XLYIII.—An Act to provide that the
"Soldier's Individual Memorial" shall be
carried through the Mails at the usual Rate
of printed Matter.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the ornamental rec-
ords of the personal services of Federal offi-
cers and soldiers, composed partly of written
and partly of printed matter, but containing
no private communications, and known as the
"soldier's individual memorial," shall be al-
lowed to pass through the mails upon the pay-
ment of the usual postage on printed matter.
Approved, April 17, 1806.
Chap. LXIII.—An Act to authorize the Sale of
Marine Hospitals and of Revenue-Cutters.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized to
lease, or to sell at public auction, to the high-
est and best bidder, for cash, after due notice
in the public newspapers, such marine hospital
buildings and lands appertaining thereto as he
may deem advisable j and he is hereby empow-
ered to make, execute, and deliver all need-
ful conveyances to the lessees or purchasers
thereof respectively; and the proceeds of said
leases and sales are hereby appropriated for
the marine hospital establishment: Provided,
That the hospitals at Cleveland, Ohio, and
Portland, Maine, shall not be sold or leased,
nor shall any hospital be sold or leased where
no other suitable and sufficient hospital accom-
modations can be procured upon reasonable
terms for the comfort and convenience of the
patients.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby,
authorized, in his discretion, to sell at public
auction, to the highest and best bidder, for
cash, after due notice in the public newspapers,
such of the revenue-cutters as he shall find to
be ill adapted to the purposes of the revenue
service, and to expend the proceeds of said
sales in thtj purchase or construction of other
vessels better suited to the wants of said service.
Approved, April 20, 1866.
Chap. LXV.—An Act to issue American Re-
gisters to the Steam Vessels "Michigan,"
"Dispatch," and "William K. Muir," and
for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury is hereby directed to issue Ameri-
can registers to the Canadian-built steamers
"Michigan" and "Dispatch," and theAmeri-
can-built steamer "William K. Muir," of the
collection district of Detroit; and American
registers, or enrollment and license, to the
following-named vessels, that is to say, to the
sloop "Jenny Lind of Wolf Island," of Os-
wego, New York; the schooners "Coquette of
Oakville," "Trenton of Trenton," "Forest
Queen," "Two Brothers of Wallaeeburg,"
"Minetta of Gananogue," and "Elizabeth,"
of Oswego, New York; the barb "St. Eliza-
beth," of Provincetowu, Massachusetts; the
barks "Advance" and "Acorn," and schooner
"Asia," of Chicago, Illinois; the barges
"Harvest,"Ajax," and "Matilda," of Chi-
cago, Illinois; the steamer " Prince Albert,"
of Georgetown, District of Columbia; the
brig "Maitland," propeller "Niagara," and
steamboat "Canadian," of Buffalo, New York ;
the schooner "E. P. Ryerse," of Cleveland,
Ohio; the schooner "Eureka," of Marga-
retta, Ohio; the brigantine "City of Toronto,"
of Erie, Pennsylvania; and the schoone[r]
"Wayertree," of Cleveland, Ohio; and Ameri-
can registers, or enrollment and license, to the
following-named vessels, that is to say, the ship
"Screamer," of Brunswick, Maine; the barge
"Mary," of Detroit; the steam-tug "Samp-
son," of Detroit; and the schooners "Cale-
donia" and "Enterprise," of Detroit; and
the " Anglo-Saxou," a Canadian-built vessel.
Apx'roved, April 25, 1866.
Chap. LXVIII.—An Act making Appropria-
tions to supply Deficiency in the Appropria-
tion for the Public Printing for the fiscal
year ending June thirty, eighteen hundred
and sixty-six.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and the same are hereby, appropriated to
supply deficiencies in the appropriation for the
public printing for the fiscal year ending thir-
tieth of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-six,
out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated :
To supply a deficiency in the appropriatim
for the public printing, one hundred ana fifteen
thousand dollars.
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation
for paper for the public printing, four hundred
and fifty thousand dollars.
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation
for the public binding, ninety-five thousand
dollars.
And the Superintendent of the Public Print-
ing is hereby authorized to employ an addi-
tional clerk, of class four.
Approved, April 26, 1866.
Chap. LXX.—An Act to facilitate the Settle-
ment of the Accounts of the Treasurer of the
United States, and to secure certain Moneys
to the People of the United States, or to Per-
sons to whom they are due, and who are
entitled to receive the same.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That all amounts of mon-
eys that are represented by certificates, drafts,
or checks, issued by the Treasurer of the Uni-
ted States, or by any disbursing officer of any
department of the Government of the United
States, upon the Treasurer or any Assistant
Treasurer, or designated depositary of the Uni-
ted States, or upon any national bank desig-
nated as a depositary of the United States, and
which shall be represented on the books of
either such offices as standing to the credit of
any disbursing officer, and bearing date prior
to July first, eighteen hundred and sixty-three,
and which were issued to facilitate the pay-
ment of warrants, or for any other purpose in
liquidation of a debt duefrom the United States,
which may remain outstanding on the first day
of July, eighteen hundred and sixty-six, shall
be deposited by the Treasurer of the United
States, to be covered into the Treasury by war-
rant, and to be carried to the credit of the par-
ties in whose favor sueh certificates, drafts, or
checks were respectively issued, or to the per-
sons who are entitled to receive pay therefor,
and into an appropriation account to be denom-
inated "outstanding liabilities,"
