1886.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
cont. ad valorem,^ making the total tariff about
eleven and a half cents per pound on foreign
wooi. it lakes two pounds of the mestiza
wool of South America to equal one pound of
our American wool. It is ihcrefoi e protection
of (wenty-fhree cents per pound oil American
wool of the liner qualities, which comprise the
great bulk of our wool. Now, there is grown
in the United States one hundred million
pounds of wool per annum, and yet the gen-
tleman from Iowa [Mr. Kassox] fells us that
in consequence of the peculiarity of the climate
and soil of South America we can never com-
pete with that country in the product of wool.
In the same short speech the gentleman con-
futed himself by declaring that wool-growing
was so profitable in Iowa that it did not need
protection.
Mr. KASSON. I beg to correct the gentle-
man.^ I said distinctly that in the West, on the
prairies and on the plains where land is cheap,
grass abundant, and the wintersmild, we should
ultimately bo able tp cotnpefe with the world.
Mr. GARFIELD. Then what becanrt of his
praiso^ of the superior advantages of South
America? I did'not so understand the gentle-
man. Now, sir. I am surprised that any Rep-
resentative irom the State of Ohio, where we
have six million sheep and where we raise one
fifth of all the wool in the United States, should
be found to oppose this measure as being framed
in the interest of New England. Let me no-
tice another agricultural feature of the bill.
There are fifty ships trading constantly with
Calcutta, bringing India flaxseed to our shores.
In order to encourage the home growth we have
raised the duty on flaxseed from sixteen to
tiiirly cents per bushel, and on linseed oil from
twenty-three to thirty cents per gallon ; yet gen-
tlemen„say this is a bill for New England. If
there be any protection in any existing law
more clearly in the interest of agriculture, I
shall be obliged to any gentleman if he will
name it.
Now, I do not deny that there are some feat-
ures in this bill which I desire to see changed.
I believe we ought to reduce and I believe we
shall reduce the proposed duty on several arti-
cles named in this bill. But if a dozen articles
out of the hundreds named in this bill should
be somewhat reduced, I would be pleased if
any gentleman here would point out its sup-
posed exorbitant features and alleged enormi-
ties. It is very easy to join in a general clamor
which others have raised, but not so easy to
slate the cau«e of the outcry.
Mr. FARQUIIAR. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman what, in his judgment, would be the
effect of increasing the duty on railroad iron
one hundred per cent., as it is increased by
this bill, including the amount of deduction
made by tho internal revenue bill, upon the
great interests of the West, now largely engaged
in the constructionofadditiop.nl railways.
Mr. GARFIELD. I am willing as a com-
promise. and to fa\ or the building of railroad',
to vote for a 1 eduction of the proposed duty on
railroad iron, and I presume the Committee of
Ways and Means will agree with me in this.
I think we should also reduce the proposed
duty on salt, and I have no doubt in several
other particulars we ■« ill be able to reduce the
rate of duty.
Mr. SfliVENS. Why not at once conic ont
honestlyand accept the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Iowa, [Mr. Wilson,] which is a
much bolt or and more ingenuous one?
Mr. GARFIELD. I will tell the gentleman
why before I am done. The gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. KaSSox] says we ought to adopt the
policy of protecting the industries of this coun- \
trv thai we can make money at. and if the peo- ;
pie cannot make money out of manufacturing j
enterprises, let them go into something more i
lw-ii.'able. He says we can raise grain for the 1
world without protective legislation. Let me i
"•."ie.it to luin a little of the history of grain- !
raising in this country. i
There was a time when Nov.' England was a :
g"eat grai .1-raising country. At a later period
New York was the granary of the New World. 1
3721
Later still the granary was Pennsylvania, then
Ohio; ttfei^ still further to the West. But
what is the situation now? New England raises
.wheat enough to feed her people three weeks
m the year ; New York raises enough to feed
her people six months; Penusylvaniajust about
enough to supply the wants of her people with
none to spare, and Ohio produces a surplus
of th ree million bushels. You must now go to
the prairies of the West before you reach the
granary of this country.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would like to ask the
gentleman if New England, at the time she
raised a large quantity of grain, was in favor
of a tariff anything like this.
Mr. GARFIELD. I do not see the perti-
nence of the gentleman's question. Now, I
wish to say that this talk about putting our peo-
ple wholly into the business of raising grain
lor the world is utterly absurd and mischievous
Let me put a practical question to these ex-
treme free-trade gentlemen in reference to this
matter. Suppose that to-day we were at war
with the great Powers of Europe, and suppose
we had always been practicing their precepts
and were engaged wholly in raising grai#—
having no manufacturing establishments, as
we should not have had but for the protection
that has been accorded to that class of industry
by our predecessors—would we not be com-
pletely at the mercy of the other nations of the
earth?
Edward Everett declared in a speech in 1S31,
after making a careful estimate, that the extia
amount paid by the Government of the United
States for woolen blankets and clothing for
their soldiers during the war of 1812 largely
exceeded the amount of revenue ever derived
by the United States from all its tariffs for the
protection of all our industry from the founda-
tion of the Government to 3 8131, and it would
have effected a great saving to the Government
if Congress had expended many millions of
money directly from the Treasury before that
war, and had built up and had in readiness these
manufactories for the use of the Government
during the war.
Against the abstract doctrine of free trade,
as such, very little can be said. As a theory,
there is much to commend it; but it can never
he applied to nations except in time of peace.
It can never be applied to the nations of the
earth except when they are on the same range
of growth and culture. Let war come and it
utterly destroys and overturns the whole doc-
trine in its practical application. Says Pres-
cott :
"Nothing is easier than to parade abstract theo-
rems, true in the abstiact, in political economy,
slothing harder than to leduco them to practice.
That an individual will understand his own inter-
ests better than tho Government can, or, what is the I
same thing1, that trade if let alone will iind its way
into the channels on the whole most advantageous
to the coinmunity, few will deny. 13ut what is true
of all together is not true of any one singly; and no
one nation can safely act on these principles if others
do not. In point ot fact, no nation has acted upon
them since the formation ot the present political com-
munities ot Europe, Aji that a new State, or a. new
jcovernment in an old one, can now propose to itself
is, not to sacrifice its interests to a speculative ab-
straction, but to accommodate its institutions to the
great political system of which itis a member. Oil
these principles and on the higher obligation of pro-
viding the means ot national independence in its
nui'i extended sense much that w.i-* bad in the e_eo~
nouTTcal policy of Spain at the period under review
may be vindicated.'"
The example of England has been held up
before us. A word about that example. There
is a venerable member in this Hall who was a
member of this House long before England
had professed her free-trade doctrines, while
she was one of the most highly protective na-
tions on the face of the earth. For two hun-
dred years she pursued a policy that was abso-
lutely prohibitory; then followed a protective j
period : now she professes free trade. When j
she had built up manufactures and was able to j
compete successfully with the world in matters j
of commerce, shegiaeiously invites all nations jj
to drop their protective policy and become j
free traders. It is like a giant or an athlete,
who after months of training should ask all
the delicate clerks and students to come out
and fight or run with him single-handed and
on equal terms.
I have before me a statement of the revenues
of Great Britain during the last year. Her total
revenue for last year was $3-34,OUO, 000. Of this
sum $115,000,000, or thirty-two per cent., she
raised from customs, and it is a remarkable fact
that that is precisely the per cent, of our reve-
nue that was raised from customs last year.
That shows that she raises as much by hei
tariff as we do in proportion to the amount of
our revenue. If gentlemen desire simply to
prostrate us before England; if they desire to
capitulate to her in commerce as we never
have capitulated in arms, let them follow in
tho lead of these free-trade philosophers. I
hold a pamphlet in my hand that was laid upon
the desks of members this morning; and in
reply to the question of my colleague, [Mr.
Delano,] who in this country is demanding
that this bill be defeated or postponed, I will
tell him. Here is the address of the Free-
Trade Association of London to the American
Free-Trade League, and if I had time I would
read a few extracts from it. Let me read you
some of the headings. Here is one: ''pro-
tection unnecessary to foster manufactures in
their infancy."
They have evidently outgrown their teach-
ers, for John Stuart Mill admits that much.
England never taught that doctrine until her
manufactures had passed beyond their infancy
and stood breast-high with the world in the
full vigor of manhood.
I read another sentence from this disinter-
ested lecture of Englishmen to Ameiicaus ; of
the shop-keeper to liis customer; of the "na-
tion of shop-keepers" to the nation of custom-
ers and grain- raisers that some gentlemen would
have us become. "You have most truly re-
marked in your constitution that protection to
the producer means robbery to the consumer."
Now, the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. ICas-
sox,] who has just made his speech, proceeds
upon the doctrine that protection is itself rob-
bery, and of course he will vote against this
bill and against all other bills that propose to
throw any protection whatever around Ameri-
can industry. Two propositions are before the
House to keep us from acting directly upon this
bill. The real question is, will we pass the bill
after tire requisite amendments have been made?
But fearing it may pass, the gentleman from
lotva [Mr. Wilson] picks out a few pleasant
items that refer mainly to the West, with a
sprinkling for the East, and asks us to have
the bill sent back to the committee with in-
structions to report those items alone. He
offers a bait to one section of the Union to
induce its representatives to neglect another.
Mr. Speaker, it is painful to listen to the
sectional language we hear every day in our
debates. One gentleman sneers at New Eng-
land, and says, "This measure is a Now Eng-
land pet;" another points at Pennsylvania,
and hits lier off in an epigrammatic sentence;
another turns to the rough, sturdy West, and
splinters his lance in a sharp assault upon her.
1 always understood, during the terrible strug-
gle of the past four years, that we did not fight
for New England, we did not fight for Penn-
sylvania, we did not fight for the West, but we
fought for the Union, with all its oneness, its
greatness, and its glory. And if we are now to
come back, after the victory is won, and hold
up our party flags, and talk about "our sec-
tion" as against "v0nv ""'i™ " wp sire npitlior
patriots nor friends.
There should be no division of interest in all
great matters of national legislation. And if
New England has got further advanced than
Pennsvlvauia or the West and does not need
protection so much she must hear with her sis-
ters until they, following in licr footsteps, can
stand oil a basis of equal growth and prosperity.
1 hope, therefore, no such partial legislation as
that suggested by the motion of the gentleman
from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] will pievail. I would
be ashamed to vote for a measure that singled
out the interests of my own State and neglected
the interests of others.
