1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sa
Laws of the United States.
39ih Cojvtg....1st Sess.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That-the
certificate of the Register of the Treasury,
stating that the amount of any draft issued by
the Treasurer of the United States, to facili-
tate the payment of a warrant directed to him
for payment, and which may have so remained
outstanding and unpaid for three years or more
as aforesaid, and which, shall have been thus
deposited and covered into the Treasury, shall
be, and the same is hereby authorized tobe,
when attached to any such warrant, a sufficient
voucher in satisfaction of any such warrant or
part of any warrant, the same as if the drafts
correctly indorsed and fully satisfied were at-
tached to such warrant or jiart of warrant.
And all such moneys mentioned in this and in
the preceding section shall remain as a perma-
nent appropriation for the redemption and pay-
ment of all such outstanding and unpaid certif-
icates, drafts, and checks as aforesaid.
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That the
payee, or the bona fide holder of any such draft
or check, the amount of which has been so de-
posited and covered into the Treasury, shall,
on presenting the same to the proper officer of
the Treasury, be entitled to have it paid by the
settlement of an account and the issuing of a
warrant in his favor, according to the practiep
in other eases of authorized and liquidated
claims against the United States.
Sec. 4. Andbeit further enacted, That at the
termination of every fiscal year after this act
shall begin to operate, the provisions thereof
shall apply to all similar certificates, drafts,
and checks, which shall then have for three
years or more remainedoutstanding, unsatisfied
and unpaid, and to all disbursing officers' ac-
counts that shall have so remained unchanged,
as in the next section provided for.
Sec. 5. And be it farther enacted, That the
amounts, except such as are provided for in
the fnst section of this act, of the accounts of
every kind of disbursing officer of the Govern-
ment of the United States, which shall have
remained unchanged, or which shall not have
been increased by any new deposit thereto, nor
decreased by drafts drawn thereon, for the
space of thiee years, shall in like manner be
covered into the Treasury, to the proper appro-
priation to which they may belong, and the
amounts thereof shall, on the certificate of the
Treasurer of the United States that such amount
has been deposited in the Treasury, be credited
by the proper accounting officer of the Treas-
ury on the books of the Treasury Department,
to the officer in whose name it had stood^ on
the books of any agency of the Treasury, if it
shall be made to appear that he is entitled to
such credit.
Sec. G. And be it further enacted, That for
the purpose of giving force and effect to the
.full intent and meaning of this act, it shall be
the duty of the Treasurer, and of all Assistant
Treasurers, and of all designated depositaries
of the United States, and of the cashiers of all
national banks designated as such depositories,
to report to the Secretary of the Treasury, at
the close of business on the thirtieth day of
June next, and in like manner at the close of
business on every thirtieth day of J nne there-
after, the condition of every such account so
standing, as in the preceding section specified,
on the books of their respective offices, stating
the name of each depositor, respectively, with
his official designation, the total amount so
remaining on deposit to his credit, and the
dates, respectively, of the last credit and the
last debit made to each of such accounts, re-
spectively. And it shall be the duty of every
and each disbursing olliecr in any and every
department of the Government of the United
States to make a like return of all checks is-
sued by such officer, and whichmay then have
been outstanding and unpaid for three years
and more, stating fully in such report the name
of the payee, for what purpose given, the office
on which drawn, the number of the voucher
received therefor, and the date, number, and
39th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 21.
amount for which it was drawn, and, when
known, the residence of the payee.
Approved, May 2, 1S66.
Chap. LXXL—An Act to remit and refund
certain Duties.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Some of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury is hereby authorized and empowered
to remit, or if paid to refund, any duties levied
on produce shipped from a port of the United
States to a port of the United States, via Can-
ada, if the said produce was actually in tran-
situ and detained by ice when the recent reci-
procity treaty with Canada expired.
Approved, May 2, 1866.
all possessory rights acquired by citizens of the
United States to mining claims, discovered,
located, and originally recorded in compliance
with the rules and regulations adopted by
miners in the Pah-Ranagat and other mining
districts in the territory incorporated by the
provisions of this act into the State of Nevada
shall remain as valid subsisting mining claims;
but nothing herein contained shall be so con-
strued as granting a title in fee to any mineral
lands held by possessory titles io the mining
States and Territories.
Approved, May 5, 1800.
Ciiap. LXXII.—An Act to provide for the
better Organization of the Pay Department
of the Navy.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That, from and after the
passage of this act, the active list of the pay
corps of the Navy shall consist of eighty pay-
masters, forty passed assistant paymasters, and
thirty assistant paymasters. Paymasters shall
be regularly promoted and commissioned from
passed assistant paymasters, and passed assist-
ant paymasters from assistant paymasters, and
all passed assistant paymasters authorized by
this act to be appointed who have not heretofore
been appointed and commissioned as assistant
paymasters and all assistant paymasters hereby
authorized to be appointed shall be selected
from those who have served as acting assistant
paymasters for the term of one year, and who
were eligible to appointment in the grade of
assistant paymasters when they were appointed
acting assistant paymasters, as aforesaid ; sub-
ject, however, to such examinations as are re-
quired by law, and such as may be established
by the Secretary of the Navy.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That
passed assistant paymasters shall give bonds
for the faithful performance of their duties in
the sum of fifteen thousand dollars, and that
their annual pay shall be, at sea, fifteen hun-
dred dollars ; on other duty, fourteen hundred
dollars; on leave or waiting orders, twelve
hundred dollars.
^^.pproved, May 3, 1860.
Ciiap. LXXIII. — An Act concerning the
Boundaries of the State of Nevada.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That, as provided for and
consented to in the constitution of the State
of Nevada, all that territory and tract of land
adjoining the present eastern boundary of the
State of Nevada, and lying between the thirty -
seventh and the forty-second degrees of north
latitude and west of the thirty-seventh degree of
longitude west of Washington, is hereby added
to and made a part of the State of Nevada.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That
there is hereby added to and made a part of
the State of Nevada all that extent of territory
lying within the following boundaries, to wit:
commencing on the thirty-seventh degree of
north latitude, at the thirty-seventh degree of
longitude west from Washington; and running
thence south on said degree of longitude to
the middle of the river Colorado of the W est;
thence down the middle of said river to the
eastern boundary of the State of California;
thence northwesterly along said boundary of
California to the thirty-seventh degree of north
latitude ; and thence east along said degree of
latitude to the point of beginning: Provided,
That the territory mentioned in this section
shall not become a part of the State of Nevada
until said Stale shall, through its Legislature,
consent thereto: And provided further. That
Chap. LXXIV.—An Act to encourage tele-
graphic Communication between the United
States and the Island of Cuba and other West
India Islands and the Bahamas.
Whereas James A. Scrymser^ Alfred Pell,
junior, Alexander Hamilton; junior, Oliver K.
King, Maturin L. Delafield, William F. Smith,
and James M. Digges, their associates, succes-
sors, and assigns, persons composing the Inter-
national Ocean Telegraph Company, an incor-
porated company chartered by the State of New
York, are desirous of establishing a submarine
telegraphic communication between the United
States of America and the West India islands
and the Bahamas: Now; therefore, in order to
facilitate the said enterprise,
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the said International
Ocean Telegraph Company, incorporated under
the laws of the State of New York, their suc-
cessors and assigns, shall have the soleprivilege-
for a period of fourteen years from the approval
of this act, to lay, construct, land, maintain,
and operate telegraphic or magnetic lines or
cables in and over the waters, reefs, islands,
shores, and lands, over which the United
States have jurisdiction, from the shores of
the State of Jb'lorida, in the said United States,
to the island of Cuba and the Bahamas, either
or both, and other West India islands.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
said International Ocean Telegraph Company
shall at all times give the United States the free
use of said cable or cables, to a telegraphic
operator of its own selection, to transmit any
messages to and from its military, naval, and
diplomatic or consular agents; and the said
company shall keep all its lines open to the
public for the transmission for daily publica-
tion of market and commercial reports and
intelligence, and all messages, dispatches, and
communications shall be forwarded in the order
in which they shall be received ; and the said
companj, shall not be permitted to charge and
collect for messages transmitted through any
of its submarine cables more than the rate of
three dollars and fifty cents for messages of ten
words, subject, however, to the power of Con-
gress to alter and determine said rates: Pro-
vided, That the said International Ocean Tele-
graph Company shall, within the period of three
years from the passage of this act, cause thesaid
submarine telegraphic cable or cables to be laid
down, and that the said cable or cables^ shall
he in successful operation for the transmission
of messages within the said period of five years;
otherwise, this grant to be null and void.
Sec. 8. Andbeit further enacted, Ihat Con-
gress shall have power, at any time, to alter
or repeal the foregoing act.
Approved, May 5, 1866.
CuiP. LXXV,— An Act to extend the Juris-
diction of the Court of Claims.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Houseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America %n
Congress assembled, That the Court of Claims
shall have jurisdiction to hear and determine
the claim of any paymaster, quartermaster,
commissary of subsistence, or other disbursing
officer of the United States, or of his admin-
istrators or executors, for relief from respon-
