ism.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
with my distinguished friend from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Doolittle,] and to obliterate or dim the
light of one single star that so gloriously blazens
upon our meteor flag of beauty and of glory, yet-
I have to remind him that when this proclama-
tion was issued, the President did not regard
these rebel States as in the Union under the
Constitution. If these rebel States constituted
stars on your flag, they wbrc as the lost Pleiades
gonedarklingtlirough space, unobservantto any
human eye. They could not be detected by the
mightiest telescopic power that the judiciary of
the country has ever been able to bring to bear
upon them. They were not only out of the
Union, but they were substantially and to all
intents and purposes out of existence; and so
the President must have regarded them in his
proclamation.
Suppose they were present, subsisting, exist-
ing States under the Constitution,.what rights
had they ? They had a right, first, to form their
own constitution without outward pressure; they
had a right to elect their Governor. The first
act of the President was to appoint them a
governor. The constitution existing in North
Carolina prior to 1801, fixed the qualification of
voters; the constitution under the rebel author-
ity in North Carolina fixed the qualifications
of voters. The President then exercised the
power, as I have no doubt he had the right under
the war power, to appoint for them a provis-
ional governor, in which they were never con-
sulted, for whom they never voted; and he fixed
also the qualification of their voters. Was that
a power derived by the President from the war
power? Clearly not. The war power deals
with a conflict of arms, the march of armies, the
supremacy of the nationality as represented by
the Army and Navy of the United States. It
has no reference to the inauguration of a civil
government, or to the administration of local,
municipal, or civil laws.
But the President in his proclamation draws
authority from another provision of the Consti-
tution of the United States, and what is that?
The provision that it shall be the fluty of the
President of the United Slates to see that' the
laws are faithfully executed. What laws? Evi-
dently the laws of the United States, the laws
of Congress, the treaty stipulations of the Gov-
ernment, so far as they are to be carried out
by congressional legislation. These are the
laws that the President is bound to enforce
tinder the Constitution, and no other laws. He
has no right to interfere with the local admin-
istration of justice in the several States. He
has no authority to interfere with the rights of
descent and distribution of estates, of oidinary
contracts, of the punishment of crimes uuder
the State laws. He is simply bound to see that
the laws of the United States are faithfully ex-
ecuted. What law of the United States, or
what constitutional provision, made it the duty
of the President to appoint provisional gov-
ernors? Clearly he had the power only as
Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navv of
the United States: and under that authority he
has appointed provisional governors. Under
that power he has inaugurated State, govern-
ments. Under that power alone these State
governments have an existence. 1 contend that
the power of the President of the United States
over this subject ceased the moment the war
ceased, and certainly ceased the moment, that
the Congress of the United States convened.
Who has the power under the Constitution of
the United States to determine in reference to
the slatus and condition of these States? But
first it is perhaps necessary to determine what
under the Constitution is a Slate. A State, in
public law, is thus defined by Chancellor Kent:
"A State, in the moaning nf public law, is a com-
plete or seli'-suffieientbodvof persons united together
in one community for the defense of their rights."
This is the description of a Stato under the
public law and as recognized by the laws of
nations, and is applicable to the United States
as a State, and is not applicable to any single
State under the Constitution of the United
States. They have not the rights of sovereignty;
they may not declare war; they may not nego-
39th Coxu. 1ft Ress.—No. 47-
tiate peace; they may not enter into foreign
alliances ; they may not do a thousand things
that sovereign and independent States may do.
Then the term ''State" in public law charac-
terizes the position simply of the Government
of the United States. That is the government
of one State as recognized by the laws of nations.
The States under your Constitution are essen-
tially and entirely different things. Their whole
power is derived from the Constitution, and
must be' exercised under the Constitution, and
the moment they repudiate their allegiance to
the Government and trample upon the require-
ments of the Constitution, that very moment
they cease to be States under the Constitution,
and never having been States by virtue of pub-
lic law they have no entity and no existence.
It seems to me, then, that the mere definition of
a State under public law and a State under the
laws of the United States is sufficient to answer
this whole argument. But lest I may be sus-
pected of unfairness I will road further:
" A State,«in the meaning of public law, is a com-
plete or self-sufficient body of persons united together
in one community for the defence of their i ights. It
hasaffairs and interests; it deliberates and becomes
a moral person, having understanding and will, and
is susceptible of obligations and laws."
Such is the definition of a State as defined
by the distinguished Senator from Wisconsin.
Then I contend that these are not States ; and
yet, with an impudence without parallel in the
history of the world, and with an insolence
unknown before, these pretended States come
here and claim to be represented in the Con-
gress of the United States; and their claims
are echoed by their sympathizers here and
elsewhere. For four years they have sought to
overturn the Government; they have biought
upon the country this terrible war, involving
an expense of i)3,000.000.000, and involving
the loss of more than half a million of your
brave, martyred soldiers, who now sleep the
sleep of death, victims of this terrible rebel-
lion ; and at the end of four years they come
here, without penitence, without contrition,
without -works meet for repentance, and de-
mand under the Constitution the right to rep-
resentation ! These six million rebels in the
South claim the right not only to represent
themselves, but to represent four million loyal
men whom they have disfranchised, in the
councils of the nation ! And the distinguished
Senator from Wisconsin, in the close of his
speech said—I quote his words :
" Mr. President, inasmuch as the people of the £outh
had no cause for the commencement of the rebellion,
let - becareful not to tarnish them with one for the
justification of similai attempt in the future by foi-
cing upon them taxation without representation, I
Placing themwheio they can avail themselves of the j
precedent sanctified Ly the struggle of our revolu-
tionary fathers. Tnough tlley have been confcsscdly
in the wrong and have committed a great crime, let
us not violate our own sense of justice by heaping
upon them the very outrages which justified the col-
onies in resistance to a similar exercise of power or.
the part of Great Britain."
Here, then, is the close of the argument
of the distinguished Senator from Wisconsin.
Hitherto, he admits, they have had no cause
for rebellion but, the argument is. that if we
refuse now to admit them upon equal terms as
sovereign States, they will have the same right
to rebel against our authority that the thirteen
colonies had to rebel against the tyranny of
Great Britain. The proposition is monstrous.
What is it? Have we arrived at a point in the
history of this country when these people have
a right to demand recognition as sovereign
States, aright to participate in the Government
of the country? Less than twelve mouths ago
mighty armies in hostile array were drawn up j
before Richmond and in dnierent portions of
the confedeiacy to contest 'the supremacy of
the national authority. The green grass has
not yet had time to grow upon the graves of
your illustrious and martyred dead; the wail
of the widow is yet heard in the land ; the tear
of the orphan yet fall" ; less lhaa twelve months
since the hired emissary of the rebellion struck
down the President in the capital of the na-
tion, and we arte told at this time if we refuse j|
representation to these people we give them ii
cause for rebellion; and they are compared
to our fathers who resisted British 'oppres-
sion : and that we should " conciliate," and yet
further, that we should -'compromise." What
has ever been accomplished by conciliation and
by compromise? I shall refer to that in a sub-
sequent portion of my remarks. We are yet
called upon to conciliate and to compromise !
Let it be known now and forever, let it be re-
corded in history so that the waters of .another
deluge can never efface it, that this triumph of
the nation was a triumph of arms, a triumph,
of force; that we owe nothing to the magna-
nimity of the rebels arrayed against the Gov-
ernment. Not one single step have we ever .
taken for the suppression of this rebellion
looking to conciliation which has ever for one
moment weakened them or strengthened us.
The withdrawal of the proclamations of Fre-
mont and Hunter giving freedom to the slaves
of rebels, the delay of President Lincoln's
proclamation of emancipation, these acts were
attributed to our fears and weakness, not to
our strength and magnanimity.
But, Mr. President, various plans of recon-
struction are now proposed. I have referred to
the plan of the President of the United States.
It is said he left the qualification of electors
and the right of suffrage to the States becausc
it properly belonged to the States. I grant
you that under my construction of the Consti-
tution, it belongs to the States having a right
to exercise it, not having forfeited their rights
by rebellion, but I deny that these rebel States
are in any such condition. What are the con-
stitutional provisions upon the subject of suf-
frage '? First—
"The times, places, and manner of lioldingclections
for Senator? and Representatives shall be prescribed
in each State by the Legislature thereof; but the Con-
gress may at any time, by law, make or alter such reg-
ulations except as to the place of choosing Senators."
The President in his proclamation takes it
for granted that it is right and proper to leave
this whole question to the determination of the
States, and 1 agree with him so far as the loyal
States, who have never forfeited their rights by
rebellion, are concerned ; but I contend there
are no States in these rebellious districts having
a right to exercise any such authority. Then
theie is another provision of the Constitution
that the electors in each State to vote for mem-
bers of Congress shall have the qualifications
requisite for electors of the most numerous
branch of the State Legislature. Then there is
still another grand guarantee in the Constitu-.
tion, that the Government of the United States
shall guaranty to each State in this Union a
republican form of government. Now, I sup-
pose that in tlic formation of that Constitution,
its framers and authors intended that, in the
first place, these States should have a right to
regulate the right of suffrage, but that right was
to be limited and modified by the Congress of
the United States whenever that limitation and
modification was necessary to insure a repub-
lican form of government. That I suppose is
the truth.
But, Mr. President, letting the past effort of
the President of the United States to reorganize
these rebel States go by without making war
upon it, 1 have simply this to say : if the Presi-
dent of the United States had a right to regu-
late suffrage at all, he had a right to specify
every condition under which suffrage should be
exercised. In his proclamation, he has disfran-
chised fourteen classes of persons, all numerous,
who were to have no right to vote, and who were
voters under the constitution of North Carolina,
and this exclusion was clearly right under the
circumstances : and if the President had a right
to say that a rebel under certain circumstances
should not. vole, he certainly had a right to say-
that a loyal man under all circumstances should
vote. I make no war, as I before remarked,
upon the Piesident's plan of reconstruction if
I understand what that plan is. If by the Presi-
dent's plan of reorganization you simply mean
that we approve what the President under the
necessities of the ease has done with a view to
the reorganization of the rebel States, .1 .,ave
only this to say: that I find fault with nothing
