1886.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2761
Mr. RAMSEY. By land it is thirty-five
miles according to recent survey.
Mr. NORTON. To get to the point on tho
La Crosse road at which we wish to intersect
the La Crosse road on the east .side of the river
is fifteen miles further by La Crosse than it
would be to build a bridge at Winona and go
from there to that point on the La Crosse road,
so that if the amendment of the Senator from
Wisconsin is adopted Minnesota will be so far
in the power of Wisconsin that she may possi-
bly, in order that we may get an eastern con-
nection, compel us to build fifteen miles more
of road and at an expense of nearly three quar-
ters of a million dollars more. That will be
the position in which Minnesota will be if the
amendment of the Senator be adopted.
Mr. HOWE. As to the geography of that
country, I have stated that one of these points
was twelve miles due south of tho other. La
Crosse, to be sure, is further east than Winona,
but both of these roads are tending east. Just
how far it is by the river I am not prepared to
say. I understand it is twenty-nine miles. I
concede that the Senators from Minnesota
ought to know better than myself about that,
however ; they have traveled it oftener. Cut
I hold in my hand a township map. There are,
two roads making to the Mississippi river, one
touching opposite to La Crosse, and one at
Winona. Due south of Winona these two
roads are about a to v. -ship and a half apart,
being about nine miles distant from each other.
That one touches the river further east than
the other makes no figure in the case, because
let the traffic come in 011 which road it will, it
wants to come East, and it is not of any im-
portance to that traffic whether it crosses the
river on one meridian of longitude or the other.
Mr. NORTON. It makes no difference
whether we cross at one point or the other,
provided we have a road built, or some com-
pany has authority to build one to that point.
We have no company in Minnesota authorized
to build a road from Winona down to La Crosse.
Mr. IIO WE. Provided the two States should
agree to cross the river at La Crosse, then it
would impose upon the St. Peter's company,
which is the company now desiring to cross at
Winona, the obligation of building nine miles
to connect with the southern road instead of
building twenty-seven miles, I think it is, to
connect with the La Crosse road on the east
side of the river.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Anthony, Clark, Conness, _Ed-
munds, Fessenden, Henderson, Howard, Howe, Kirk-
wood, Morgan, Morrill, Poland, Pomeroy, Sumner,
'Wade, Wilson, and Yates—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Buekalew, Oowan, Cragin, Davis,
Foster, Grimes, Guthrie, Hendricks. Johnson, Lane
of Kansas, McDougnll, Norton, Ramsey, Riddle,
Trumbull, Van Winkle, Willey, and Williams—18.
ABSENT — Messrs. Brown, Chandler, Crcsvrell,
Dixon, Doolittlc, Harris, Lane of Indiana, JCesmith.
Nye, Saulsbury, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, and
Wright—11.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HOWE. I should like to offer another
amendment providing that the bill shall not
take effect until the consent of the Legislature
of Wisconsin is obtained.
Mr. NORTON. I have no objection to that
amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin moves further to amend
the bill by inserting at the end of the third sec-
tion the following proviso:
Provided, That this act shall not go into effect until
tho consent of the Legislature of Wisconsin is first
obtained.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move to amend the
second section of the bill by striking out all
after the word "act" in the twenty-first line
down to and including the word "bridge" in
the twenty-fourth line: alco, by striking out
the word "it" in the twenty-fifth line and
inserting- tho word "and:" and then by .strik-
ing out all of the section after the ihiiiy-fir.-t i
line. I ask the Secretary to read the section
as it will stand if amended as I propose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first
question will be on concurring in" the amend-
ments made as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not wish the
Senate to concur in the amendment made in
Committee of the Whole to the second sec-
tion. I propose to amend that amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. As an
amendment to the amendment made in Com-
mittee of the Whole, the motion of the Sena-
tor is of course first in order. The proposed
amendment will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was after the word "act" in the twenty-first
line of the second section to strike out the fol-
lowing words: '' may, at the option of the com-
pany building the same, be built as a draw-
bridge, with a pivot or other form of draw, or
with unbroken or continuous spans; provided,
that if the said bridge in line twenty-five to
strike out the word "it" and insert the word
"and;" and also to strike out the proviso
beginning at the thirty-second line in the fol-
lowing words:
And provided aho, That if any bridge built under
this act shall be constructed as a draw-bridge, the
same shall be constructed as a pivot draw-bridge with
a draw over the main channel of the river at an ac-
cessible and navigable point, and with spans of not
less than one hundred and sixty feet in length in the
clear between piers on each side of the central or pivot
pier of the draw, and the next adjoining spans to the
draw shall not be less than two hundred and fifty feet;
and said spans shall not be less than thirty feet above
low-water mark, and not less than ten above extreme
high-water mark, nearing to the bottom chord of the
bridge, and the piers of said bridge skatl be parallel
withtheeurrentof theriver: Andprovided also, That
said draw shall be opened promptly upon reasonable
signal for the passage of boats whose construction
shall not be such as to admit of their passage under
the permanent spans of said bridge, except when
trains are passing over the same; but in no case shall
unnecessary delay occur in opening the said draws
after the passage of trains.
So that the section will read:
That any bridge built under the provisions of this
act shall be made with unbroken and continuous
spans, and shall not bo of less elevation in any case
than fifty feet above extreme high-water mark as
understood at the point of location, to the bottom
chord of the bridge, nor shall the spans of said bridge
be less than two hundred and fifty feet in length, and
the span over the main channel of the river shall be
three hundred feet in length, and the piers of said
bridge shall be parallel with the current of the river.
Mr. HENDERSON. I should like to have
a direct vote of the Senate upon the proposi-
tion of building draw-bridges upon the Missis-
sippi river, and the motion that I now make to
amend tho second section of this bill presents
that naked question. If my amendment be
adopted, no draw-bridge can be built at this
point. The Senate passed a bill a few days
ago enabling a company to build a draw-bridge
or a bridge with continuous spans at Quiney;
but I hope, from what I understand, that it will
not meet with the concurrence of the other
branch of Congress, if it be in order thus to
refer to that branch, or at least it is somewhat
doubtful. I desired, when that bill was before
the Senate, to prevent the construction of draw-
bridges upon the river at all; and I should like
vei-y much now for the Senate to come to a
direct vote upon the question of the propriet}'
of building draw-bridges upon that river.
I do not wish to detain the Senate, but I will
state in addition to what I said the other day
when a similar question was pending, that I
learn that a gentleman at St. Louis proposes
to construct there a bridge with continuous
spans of four hundred feet, and guaranties the
passage over it of the heaviest freight trains
that are run upon any roads whatever.
Mr. COWAN. The Niagara bridge is eight
hundred feel.
Mr. HENDERSON. But he proposes to do
it with an iron truss bridge, not a wire bridge ;
and I understand he states that he prefers build-
ing a continuous span of four hundred feet to
building two spans of two hundred feet each,
and brine; required of course, as he would be.
to build an additional pier in the river, that he j
can do it with much less cost of construction 1.
than would be required to put down the addi
tionul pier. 1 understand that one of the best :
mechanics in the State of Missouri, and a man
who has proved his ability to comply in every
respect with his contracts, has consented to
enter upon the work. I know it was' objected,
a few days ago when this question was under
consideration, that such a bridge could not. be
built. This bill proposes only a span of three
hundred feet. That fallacy has been disproved
in the building of the bridge at Steubenville,
Ohio. It is demonstrated 'beyond doubt that
the most perfect structure can be made with
spans of three hundred feet, and that it will
have sufficient strength to bear the very heaviest
burdens.
The Senator from Minnesota [Mr. Ramsey]
has proposed a resolution that I think this body
ought to adopt before going into this business
of bridging with pontoon bridges, as it were,
the Mississippi river. He proposes to have
a scientific board established to go out and
examine the Mississippi river, and see at what
points it may be safely bridged, and report the
character of the bridges that under the cir-
cumstances ought to be constructed. It was
strenuously urged the other day when a similar
proposition was before the Senate that one bank
of the Mississippiis always low, and that there-
fore it will be impossible to build these high
bridges. It seems to me better to intrust the
matter to a board of scientific men, a board of
engineers. It could be done without cost to
the Government, because we have the engineers
here and we are paying them their salaries.
They could very well discharge that duty. Let
tliem go out and report to this body at the next
session whether this thing is practicable or not.
But, strange to say, the Senate of the United
States, without ever having suffered a thing of
this sort to be done before in all our history,
all at once enters upon a scheme of bridge
building upon the Mississippi river, laying down,
I as it were, pontoon bridges of a permanent
! character over that river at almost every con-
I ceivable point. Now, it is seen that so soon
as the proposition of the honorable Senator
from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] has been adopted
to build a bridge at Quincj', my constituents
of course ask that one be built at Hannibal,
within thirty miles of that town. It is then
proposed by the Senator from Iowa [Mr.
Grimes] to build a bridge also at Burlington,
and immediately upon the passage of that prop-
osition a movement is made by the honorable
Senator from Minnesota [Mr. Norton] for a
bridge at Winona, and of course the Senator
from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] desires that La
Crosse shall have the same privilege. We shall
have propositions for not less than one hun-
dred bridges across this river.
I will state further that there is no use of
haste in this matter. The Mississippi river is
now perhaps as high as it usually gets at this
season of the year. It io all over the bottom
lands everywhere. It is very high at the points
where it is now proposed to throw these struct-
ures. Nothing can be done this summer to-
ward bridging. No progress can be made in
bridging the Mississippi river between now and
next December: and why not let the Senator
from Minnesota [Mr. Ramsey] press his resolu-
tion, and have a board to go and examine,
and let us act with some prudence, with some
caution, with some discretion, when we act
upon a question of such great importance as
the bridging of that stream ?
The commerce upon tho Mississippi river to-
day is more than all the foreign commerce of
this country. There are not less than from
thirty to forty thousand miles of navigable
water upon the Mississippi river and its tribu-
taries—not less than thirty-two thousand miles
of navigable waters; and we propose, by estab-
lishing the precedent in the case of bridging
the Mississippi, to allow the bridging of every
one of those streams. It is a question of very
great importance and I see no necessity, white
the Witer is now from five to six feet over tho
bottom lauds of the Mississippi^ river, for the
Senate hastening to a conclusion upon tins
! subject.
I 1 do not object to the railroads of this conn-
