THE' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
do it? And if he did, was it not a usurpation,
in his own language? Sir, these absurdities
cannot be crowded down the throats of a free
Congress. All these inconsistencies- are so
manifold, so utterly new to the principles and
legislation of American government, that they
breathe nothing but the spirit of despotism.
The people will not permit it to be done.
You say that the party is crumbling to pieces.
If it is, so much the worse for this Govern-
ment. If Congress should recede from the
position they have taken to claim jurisdiction
over this great question of readmitting these
States, from that hour they surrender all the
power that the Constitution places in their
hands and that they were sworn to support, and
they are the mere slaves of an accidental Ex-
ecutive ; of a man who formerly associated
with us upon this floor; who was no more
infallible than the rest of us poor mortals; and
yet the moment, by death or accident, he is
placed in the executive chair, it would seem
as if some Senators believed him to be endowed
with superhuman wisdom and ought to be in-
vested with all the powers of this Government,
that Congress ought to get on their knees before
him, and take' his insults and his dictation
without resentmentand without even an attempt
to resist. Some- States may send such instru-
mentalities here, but God knows some will
not; and I pity those that do, for they would
hold their freedom on a very uncertain tenure.
But, Mr. President, I have pursued this course
of argument long enough. Tt may be that here-
after during the session I shall endeavor in a
more deliberate and orderly manner to set their
" sins in order"t>efore some men in high authority
that have accused us of treason here. Some
gentlemen may be patient under the charge of
treason, perhaps the more so because treason
is becoming popular in this day; but, sir, I am
a little too old fashioned to be charged by the
executive branch of this Government as a trai-
tor on the floor of Congress, and not resent it.
I do not care whether he be King or President
that insinuates that I am adisuriionist or traitor
standingupon the same infamous platform with
the traitors of the South, I will not take it from
any mortal man, high or low, without repelling
the charge. If any man here is tame enough
to do it, he is too tame to be the Senator of a
proud-spirited people, conscious of their own
freedom. I claim to be their representative,
and they will- censure me if they do not like
my doctrine. It will not come from Kansas.
I will settle it with my own constituents. I
fought your battle for you, sir, [turning to Mr.
Lane, of Kansas,] and saved your State in part
from a slavery worse than that in the southern
States^ and I will save it again if its repre-
sentative prove recreant to it.
And now, Mr. President, I wish to make an
appeal to those great, patriotic statesmen on
this floor who. by their love of principle, by
their unswerving honesty, unseduced by the
blandishments of executive'power, unawed by
threats of violence, stand here to 'defend the
rights of- the people upon this floor, and will
stand here forever. I say to you, Senators, we
the majority who are stigmatized as traitors,
are the only barrier to-day between this nation
and anarchy and despotism. If we give way,
the hope of this nation is lost by the recreancy—
yea, sir, I will say the treachery of a man who'
betrayed our confidence, got into power, and
has gone into the camp of the enemy, and joined
those who never breathed a breath of principle
in common with us.
Now, sir, [addressing Mr. Lane, of Kansas,]
if your nerves were unstrung by what I said
before, I hope they will be calmed by what I have
said now. [Laughter. ] I say, Senators, you are
the hope of the people. On your courage and
constancy the people rely. You bear the des-
tinies of this great and free nation—not for-
ever—for although we should turn our backs
and betray our constituents, there is behind us
a brave people who will vindicate their rights,
whether ,vve are recreant or not.
Mr. LANE, of^Kansas. Mr. President, T
stated that-tbe party to which I belong nomi-
nated the present President ofthe United States
and elected him, and that as long as he fought
within our lines and remained in our party, I
would endeavor to defend him upon this floor
against all unjust assaults. After making that
statement, the Senator from Ohio, forgetting
the position he occupies, has-suggested that I
have taken upon myself the collar of the Pres-
ident of the United States. I hurl the sugges-
tion in the teeth of the Senator from Ohio as
unworthy a Senator. I wear a collar! The
pro-slavery party of the United States, backed
by a Democratic Administration, sustained and
supported by the Army of the United States,
could not fasten a collar upon the handful of
Kansas squatters of whom I had the honor to
be the leader. The gallant fight made in this
Senate Chamber by the Senator from Ohio,
aided by the Senators from Massachusetts and
other Senators, would have been of but little
avail had it not been for that other fight that
was made upon the prairies of Kansas under
the lead of your humble speaker. I wear a
collar! Indicted for treason by a pro-slavery
grand jury, hunted from State to State by a
writ founded upon that indictment for treason,
and $'100,000 offered for my head! Jim Lane
wear a collar' Wherever he is known, thEit
charge will be denounced as false by both friends
and enemies.
Mr. President, I desire to have the attention
of the Senator from Ohio. The President of
the United States is not here to answer for
himself. I call the Senator's attention again
to this statement made upon this floor in his
capacity as a Senator of the United States, to
this Senate and to the world yesterday:
"The issue the Provident has made with Congress,
the quarrel he has picked with Congress from the
very commencement, is nothing more or less than
on the question of recognizing and permitting rebels
to occupy their old places on this floor for the utter
destruction of the Government in my judgment and
belief."
That charge is either true or it is untrue. I ask
the Senator for the evidence of its truth. I
give him the evidence of its untruth; he gives
me no evidence of its truth. Again and again,
on ail occasions, in conversation, in writing, in
public speech, the President has stated pri-
vately and publicly that the governments of
those States belonged to the loyal people, and
that non.e. but loyal representatives should be
admitted upon the floor of either branch of
Congress. The Senator fails to furnish me
any testimony of the truth of the charge. I
refer him to the statement again and again
made by the President; and now, the Senator
failing to furnish the testimony of the truth of
his allegation, I ask him as an honest man to
withdraw the charge he has thus made when
he cannot vindicate its truth.
Mr. President, most of the speech of the
Senator from Ohio was made up of an attempt
to show that the President of the United States
had no right to institute any steps for the organ-
ization or reorganization of State governments
in the insurrectionary districts. To that state-
ment and position I desire to call the particular
attention of the Senator from Ohio. Tennessee
was organized, or the steps for its organization
were taken by Mr. Lincoln, while the Congress
of the United States was in session.
Mr. WADE. I excepted Tennessee.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Steps were taken
to reorganize the State government in Arkan-
sas while Congress was in session and before
the presidential election of 1864. The Con-
gress of the United States saw those steps be-
ing taken, saw the State being organized ; the
people of the United States saw them; and
Congress acquiesced in the steps taken in three
of the States—the same proceedings which
were pursued subsequently by the present
President of the United States in the other
States.
Mr. WADE. Let me ask the Senator one
question. Does he claim that while a State is
under martial law, when the habeas corpus is
suspended there and kept in suspension by the
troops of the Federal Government, while war
still exists, it can properly form a constitution?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I answer, the Con-
stitution of the United States guaranties to
each State a republican form of government.
Mr. WADE. The Senator says Congress
acquiesced in that. I say it did not. Their
electoral votes were thrown out of the presi-
dential count because they had no right to b§
recognized as States.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Congress acqui-
esced in those steps of organization because
Congress failed to supply a plan for their
organization.
Mr. WADE. Again I wish to correct the
Senator right there, because he makes so many
statements 
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I make none that
are not true.
Mr. WADE. Did Congress fail to furnish
a plan? No, sir, it passed a plan, and in my
judgment a very good one, but the President
put an end to it.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. In that plan the
Senator from Ohio stultified himself, in my
judgment. I will show you how. You, [address-
ing Mr. Wade,] have been advocating here
the right of suffrage to the colored man, you
and your colleagues; and yet you voted sol-
emnly in that bill to disfranchise every colored
man in the insurrectionary States; and let me say
to you that the proudest recollection upon my •
mind to-day is that I advised Mr. Lincoln to
withhold his signature to that bill because
it disfranchised the loyal men in those States.
That clause of the Constitution that guar-
anties to every State a republican form of
government is, in my opinion, as binding upon
the executive as upon the legislative-branch of
the Government; and the legislative branch
failing to furnish that republican form of
government, it was the duty of Mr. Lincoln
to institute steps for organizing State govern-
ments. It was good policy, too, to reorganize
State governments in the rear of our armies;
but I repeat that this President had nothing
else to do. The Congress of the United States
tacitly, at least, and the people of the United
States, directed him to complete the work that
Mr. Lincoln had begun.
Mr. President, I ask the Clerk to read the
five points in the joint resolution I have pre-.
seated. You say that you and those you rep-
resent are standing between the country and
anarchy. I desire to have these read, and then
I desire to ask the Senator from Ohio whether,
if that plan of the President of the United
States is adopted by Congress and approved
by him, we do not secure to the whole country
peace and quiet, and avoid anarchy.
Mr. WADE. I thought the Senator said
he did not know whether the President would
adopt it or not.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I do not now say ;
but I ask, if he does, will not that be the effect.
I ask the Clerk to read my proposition.
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, <£c., That Senators and Representatives
from either of the States lately in insurrection shall
be admitted to Congress whenever it shall satisfac-
torily appear that such State has, in accordance with
the advice of the President of the United States,
passed laws annulling its ordinance of secession,
ratifying the amendment to the Constitution of the
United States abolishing slavery, repudiating all
rebel debts, recognizing the debts of the United
States, and_extending the elective franchise to all
male persons of color residing in said State over
twenty-one years of age who can read the Constitu-
tion of the United States in the English language
and write their names, and also, to all male persons
of color of like age and residence who own real estate
valued at not less than $250, and pay taxes thereon:
Provided. That such Senators and Representatives
shall possess all the qualifications required by the
Constitution and laws of the United States.
- Mr. HOWARD. I understood the Senator
from Kansas to remark in the course of his
observations that he found some warrant for
the resolution which he has submitted to the
Senate in some writing or document emanating
from the President of the United States. I
desire to say, with the permission of the Sen-
ator from Kansas, that I accept, so far as it
goes, with a great deal of pleasure, the prin-
ciples contained in this resolution. My recol-
lection is that it is almost a verbal recital of a
