1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2763
nature? Mr. President, let us keep these
channels, and let us build others. I do not
object to building others ; but my desire is to
put no obstruction in the way of commerce,
either upon the rivers or upon the railroads.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, I will vote
for the amendment with great pleasure. I have
had some considerable experience in the navi-
gation of the western rivers, and I have a very
clear and distinct opinion of my own that noth-
ing could be more mischievous to the interests
of the carrying trade of the country than the
construction of .bridges of the kind described
by the Senator from Missouri, and especially
when there is no necessity that they should be
so erected. I have no hesitation in saying that
it would be better for the United States to-day
to appropriate $1,000,000 for the construction
of a bridge across the Mississippi river, ninety
feet, or one hundred feet, if you please, above
low-water mark, with a span of six or seven
hundred feet; it would be a saving to the coun-
try, on the whole, if we were to appropriate
$1,000,000 to build abridge of that kind, rather
than build a draw-bridge upon a stream of that
character. A -draw-bridge is well enough upon
tide-water, well enough upon still water; but
it is impossible to protect the commerce of a
river as against these draw-bridges in a sharp
current at, different stages of the water. T have
no doubt that western men will regret their
action in a very short time if they allow these
great streams to be obstructed by erections of
this kind.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I move to
postpone the present and all prior orders, and
that the Senate take up House joint resolution
No. 127.
Mr. SUMNER. What is that?
ThePRESIDENT pro tempore. The title of
the joint resolution will be read.
The Secretary. It is a joint resolution
proposing an amendment to the Constitution
of the United States.
Mr. SUMNER. The question, I think, is
on proceeding to the consideration of that
resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
of the Senator from Michigan is that the Sen-
ate postpone the present and all prior orders,
and proceed to the consideration of the House
joint resolution the titleof which has just been
read.
Mr. SUMNER. So I understood. Of course
that opens no question of the merits, and I do
not propose to say anything on the merits. I
know not that I shall bo able to take any part
in this debate; but I cannot allow the resolu-
tion to be taken up without expressing my own
individual opinion that it would be better if
its consideration were postponed still longer.
I believe that the country has gained much by
the postponement that has already been had.
On a former occasion I stated that we were
able to have a better proposition at the end of
April than we had at the end of March, and I
believe now we shall be able to accept a better
proposition just as the weeks proceed. We
shall be better prepared for this question next
week than we are this week, and the week after
next we shall be better prepared than next
week.
Why, sir, here is a vast mass of testimony
which has been taken. It has been laid in
driblets, if I may so express myself, before
Congress and the country, and never gathered
together as a whole; it lia.s never been ana-
lyzed ; no conclusions have been presented
from that testimony; and yet I take it that
testimony was taken for some purpose, doubt-
less to enlighten Congress and enlighten the
country ; but the Senate is now asked to pro-
ceed without the opportunity of considering
that testimony iu any mature form. I think,
sir, it is a mistake that we are asked to proceed
with it under such circumstances. I think,
sir, that delay for the arrangement of that tes-
timony, and to the end that it may be pre-
sented in proper form for our consideration
would be wisdom. I think it would be the
highest statesmanship. I think from a con-
sideration of that testimony we shall be pre-
pared to decide better than we are now, not
only what we ought to do, but what we can
do. For instance, here is a very considerable
question which we shall be called to discuss, as
to the extent to which certain persons engaged
in the rebellion shall be excluded from the suf-
frage. I doubt not that the Senate is better pre-
pared to discuss that question this week than it
was last week, and I am sure it will be better
prepared to discuss it next week than this week;
and my reason is that the evidence on the sub-
ject is daily accumulating. It so happens that
I heard last evening, myself, very important
testimony from gentlemen in whom I have
very peculiar confidence, just from the South,
with regard to public opinion there, especially
among those who have been recently in rebel-
lion, all tending to show the necessity of some
counteracting regulations or requirements on
our part.
I say such evidence is constantly accumu-
lating. I wish that Congress may have the full
benefit of it, to the end that what we do shall be
well done. The question is presented whether
we shall proceed on a principle of inclusion or
of exclusion. The Senator from Nevada'[Mr.
Stewart] adopts the principle of inclusion
without exclusion. There are others who are
disposed to adopt the principle of exclusion
without inclusion ; in other words, they would
exclude certain rebels, but would not include
those loyal persons whose misfortune it is that
they were born with a skin not colored like
our own. Now, sir, for myself it seems to
me we have got to adopt both principles, the
principle of inclusion and the principle of
exclusion; but I do not think that the Senate
is at this moment so well informed with regard
to the facts which necessarily underlie the de-
cision of that very great question. It is one of
.the greatest questions that has ever been pre-
sented in the history of our country or of any
country. It should be approached carefully
and solemnly, and with the assurance we have
before us all the testimony, all the facts, every-
thing that by any possibility can shed any light
ugpn it. Have we all that testimony? Idoubt;
audi content myself now with simply entering
my own individual caveat against what seems
to me the something like precipitation with
which the measure is hurried.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I do not know, sir, that
I shall take any part whatever in the discussion
of the resolution which is now proposed to be
taken up in the Senate. That will depend on
circumstances not entirely within my control.
But with reference to taking it up this morning,
I beg leave to say that I differ entirely with the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts as to
the propriety of proceeding with it at the pres-
ent time. The matter has been very long under
consideration. If he has not informed himself
of the amount of the testimony and of what the
testimony is that has been taken, it is surely
his own fault, because, not only has the princi-
pal part of the testimony been published in the
newspapers, but it lias been published in num-
bers or sheets and laid upon the tables or sent
to Senators; and I presume he has received
it, with others. If he wants it in a form all
together, he can get that readily, but not bound.
I suppose he would not require it to be bound
before he reads it, and I believe that a copy
unbound has been furnished to each Senator;
I have received one.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There has been time
enough to bind it. It could have been bound
by this time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. A few numbers might;
but the fact is that there are certain other papers
to be included with the testimony that are not
ready; for instance, there is an index to be
prepared. There is no difficulty about that;
and the complaint of the honorable Senator, I
think, is not well founded in regard to there not
having been ample opportunity for every Sen-
ator to inform himself, if ho was so disposed,
of the testimony. I agree with him, however,
in one thing, and that is, that we have gained
by delay. The Senate will remember that at
one time we were pushed very hard in all the
newspapers in the country to have immediate
action on the subject. It was necessary, how-
ever, to take testimony, and the progress of
taking that testimony and its publication have
had the most beneficial effect in informing the
mind of the country and satisfying everybody,
I think, that the matter has been better under-
stood in consequence of the course that was
adopted by the committe'e from necessity, be-
cause the committee was unable to come to a
conclusion for the want of testimony in the
first place.
Now, sir, as to taking more testimony, some
time or other, some point must be fixed at
which it should be closed ; and that was fixed
by the committee, and its determination has
been acted upon. If we adopted the advice
of the Senator from Massachusetts, to wait
until we got every particle that by any possi-
bility might throw light on the subject, we
should wait until the next century, perhaps ;
there is no knowing how often witnesses might
turn up, or what they might desire to say. The
committee were satined that it had gone far
enough, affording the most ample opportunity
to everybody that desired to testify or desired
to produce testimony. There has been no ex-
clusion of anything that has been offered that
looked as if it had a bearing on the subject.
We are late in the session. The House of
Representatives passed this resolution two
weeks ago, or perhaps more. It has been
delayed here longer than it would have been,
owing to circumstances to which it is not worth
while now to allude. I thought it well, as
chairman of the committee, that the resolu-
tion, after having been passed by the House
of Representatives, should lie upon our table
for awhile in order to give gentlemen ample
opportunity to consider it, and then that a day
should be fixed sufficiently far off to enable
every one to know that the question was to
come up. That time has come, and has passed
by a couple of days; and late as we are in the
session, with so much to do, so much upon our
hands which Js obstructed in a measure by this
.question, it is my deliberate judgment, and it
was the deliberate judgment of all the mem-
bers of the committee on the part of the Sen-
ate, that it should have been taken up last
Monday.
I agree that public opinion is very apt to be
changeable on such subjects; and as public
opinion is apt to be changeable, I think we
may as well follow our own judgments. It has
appeared to do well hitherto, and I am inclined
to think that we who have the management of
the business know just as well as anybody else
when it is advisable to take it up and what it
is advisable to do. I can relate one anecdote
which shows precisely how this matter is under-
stood. A leading paper in the West, a very
important paper, within a short time after the
appointment of the committee of fifteen—I
think within some two or three weeks after-
ward, but it may have been a month or two—
came out with an article headed, " A Policy
Wanted," and it blamed Congress exceedingly
for not proceeding to act and define a policy
on this subject. The argument was that the
President had defined his policy, and that every-
thing was going wrong because Congress bad
no policy ; that it must at once bring ill reso-
lutions fixing what it intended to do and have
it settled. I thought it was rather unkind to
the committee that a leading newspaper should
comment in the style it did upon the proceed-
ings of Congress without knowing what the
difficulties were, or really what the questions
were, and how much embarrassment there was
in arriving at a conclusion. Bat, sir, it went
along until about a month ago or less, when the
same paper come out with an article saying,
" Don't be in too much of a hurry about this
business ; take time; there is no trouble about
it; the country is gaining by delay; have the
thing well understood and well matured before
von act; don't be in a hurry." This was in
the same paper; whether it was written by the
same hand or not I do not know. Where there
