1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL" GLOBEl
letter from tie President of the United States,
dated in August, 1865, to Governor Sharkey,
of Mississippi. I was very much pleased at
that time with the views taken by the Presi-
dent in that letter of instruction to Governor
Sharkey, and if the Senator from Kansas hap-
pens to have about him the letter to which I
refer, I shall for one feel extremely obliged to
him if he will read it, or cause it to be read, to
the Senate.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I propose to read
that letter. I have it here.
Mr. HOWARD. I am very much obliged to
the Senator.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The first'four points
made in the joint resolution have been pressed
on every single insurrectionary State. I have
here the letter of the President to Governor
Sharkey, which I ask the Clerk to read.
The Secretary read the following letter:
Executive Mansion,
"Washington. D. C., August 15,1865.
GovernorWii.liamL.Sharkey, Jackson, Mississippi;
I am gratified to see that you have organized your
convention without difliculty. I hope that, without
delay, yourconvention will amend your State consti-
tution abolishing slavery, and denying to all future
Legislatures the power to legislate that there is prop-
erty in man; also, that they will adopt the amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States abol-
ishing slavery. If you could extend the elective
franchise to all persons of.color who can read the
Constitution of the United States in English and write
their na.me, and to all persons of color who own real
estate valued at not less than #250, and pay taxes
thereon, you would completely disarm the adversary,
and set an example the other States will follow. This
you can do with pcrfect safety; and you thus place
the southern States, in reference to tree persons of
eoloi, upon the same basis with the free States. I
hope and trust your convention will do this; and, as
a consequence the radicals, who are wild upon negro
franchise, will bo completely foiled in their attempts
to keep the southern States from renewing their rela-
tions to the Union by not accepting their Senators
and Representatives.
ANDREW JOHNSON,
President United States.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Now, I ask the
Senator from Ohio, if this joint resolution is
passed, is approved by the President, and ac-
cepted by the States, are we not secured from
anarchy ?
Mr. WADE. It would be perfectly idle for
me to answer any hypothetical casesthat might
be put. 1 could pat a hundred that would satisfy
me well enough. I have no doubt that some
plan may bo devised whereby the country may
be saved from anarchy, but the President has
furnished us none.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Rut, Mr. President,
I have shown that this is the reconstruction
policy of the President of the United States.
Mr. WADE. But I understand the Senator
does not know what the President of the United
States will do with it.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I said that he had
pressed it upon the different disloyal States,
that he has committed himself to it in the let-
ter to Governor Sharkey, and has again and
again and again publicly stated that no Senator
or Representative should be admitted from the
disloyal States except those loyal to the core.
Now, sir, the President of the United States
has suggested a plan that will restore this
Union.
Mr. WADE. Where'is it?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. In this joint reso-
lution. lie has suggested a plan that will in
my judgment preserve the Republican party
intact. All that we have to do, all that the
Congress of the United States has to do is to
join with him, their own President, hand to
hand, shoulder to shoulder, and again restore
this country to peace, prosperity, wealth, and
dignity.
Mr. President, I should like to ask the Sen-
ate of the United States why it is Congress,
differing with the President in his reconstruc-
tion policy as to the other States, has not
adopted a plan for the reconstruction of the
State of Texas. That State was ready during
this session to bo reconstructed on the con-
gressional plan. Why was it not furnished ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to make
an inquiry, if the Senator from Kansas will
allow me.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is somewhat impor-
tant in this connection. I understand the Sen-
ator to say that he relies upon the approval by
the President of the proposition which he has
submitted upon his letter to Governor Sharkey.
That is the basis upon which he relies for sup-
posing that the President would approve the
measure which he now introduces. I should
like to inquire of the Senator from Kansas if
he has any stronger assurance of that, than
was given by the annual message to Congress
by the President of the United States when he
said that he was in favor of securing all per-
sons equal rights, and that under the American
system every man was entitled to protection
in his life, liberty,- and property. "He has
vetoed a bill securing those rights, which is
now under consideration ; and 1 want to know
if there is any better assurance that he will
approve of what he said in the Sharkey letter,
than there was as to his approval of what he
said in his annual message to the two Houses
of Congress.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I have made it a
rule through life never to question the motives
of men. I entertain the opinion that I ex-
pressed a moment ago to the Senator from
Ohio, that if the Senator from Illinois had
been President of the United States he would
have been compelled to veto the civil i-ights
bill, .not for the reason given by the Senator
from Illinois, not because it secured equal
rights to all—that portion of the bill I favored
—but for other reasons, which I do not now
propose to detain the Senate with discussing.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator allow
mo to ask him if ho himself did not vote for
and support the civil rights bill?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I did, in all its
phases, and only yesterday I was willing to
waive my objections to the bill if a plan could
be adopted to quiet this country, restore these
States, and preserve the Republican party
intact, and to permit it to become a law in
connection with other propositions to accom-
plish this great object.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Kan-
sas will permit me to ask, then, if his support
of a measure in the Senate of the United
States depends on a bargain to get some other
measure supported. Is that what he means to
say to the Senate ? I understand him to say
now that he voted for the civil rights bill in all
its stages—a bill which he says the President
was bound to veto ; that he was for it; that he
would have voted for it yesterday, but lie wants
a bargain about something else before he will
do it. Do I understand him aright, that he
wants some other assurance?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I offered no bar-
gain. I make no bargains. But I feel the
absorbing and overwhelming danger that is
upon our country, and was willing to waive
my objections to the bill, and permit it to pass.
The wheels of these State governments are
revolving; there is no,power on earth to stop
them. 4
Mr. TRUMBULL. Has that anything to do
with this bill ?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Yes; much to do
with it. I regret exceedingly that the Senator
from Ohio, who, I understand, has just escaped
assassination, [laughter,] should be troubled
about the Administration organs threatening
members of the Senate.
Mr. WADE. I caught that disease from the
President. [Laughter.]
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I am not the Pres-
ident's keeper, and I cannot say how much he
is troubled with fear of assassination ; but I do
regret to hear that my beau ideal of a Senator,
my beau ideal of a bold man, should have the
nightmare for fear of assassination. Threats
uttered by the organs of the Administration!
I forget what, insurers charge for insuring
against railroad accidents ; but I will take the
insurance on the life of the Senator from Ohio
very low indeed against assassination.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator permit
Mr. LANS/ of Kansas*'- I -atn-veryanxious
to g&t through. > - •. .
Mr. CON NESS. I only desire to say, if the
Senator will permit it, that I would take'the
insurance upon the life of the President against
the Senator from Massachusetts at a much less
rate. [Laughter.] - .
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I- regret that the
Senator from Ohio should in the Senate -of the
United States reiterate that newspaper slander
that the President of the United States had
been tampering with Scovel, of New Jersey.
He contradicts it himself, over his own signa-
ture, and another gentleman, whose, name was
connected with the rumor, contradicts it. And
after it is nailed to the counter .as a falsehood;
the Senator from Ohio here circulates it from
his seat. , -
Mr. WADE. Two witnesses say that Seovel
said so, but whether he is a man to be relied
upon I do not know.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. One of those very
witnesses, I understand, denies the statement,
positively over his own signature.
Mr. WADE. I am-very glad if it is so.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Bnt it is said the
President interfered with the Conneeticut elec-
tion. Let me say to the Republicans juSt On?,
word on the subject of that election. One'
more victory like that, and I should think the
Republican party would be unhorsed. It is
but the first scratch of the handwriting upon
the wall. If you permit thS Democratic party
to take and occupy, the platform of restoring
these States to*the Union,'admitting these Sen-
ators and Representatives to their places in
Congress, I venture the assertion as a politi-
cian, that the House of Representatives will
stand at the next Congress on the other side
as much as it stands on our side this session.
The people of this country will have those States
restored; they will have those loyal members
in their places in Congress; and if they fcannot
do it through the Republican party, if they
cannot do it through the Union party, they
will do it even through the Democratic party.
The Senator says these States hav« no con-
stitutions. Oh, how short a memory he has!
Only a few days since I presented to the Senate
of the United States the constitution of the
State of Arkansas. There was a Governor
elected by the people without the intervention
of the President; the constitution submitted to
the people and ratified by them. Why do you
keep Baxter and Snow from their places in this
body ? Why are the loyal Representatives from
Arkansas kept from their places in the other
House ? Arkansas is to-day as peaceful and
as quiet as is Missouri or Kentucky.
'Ihe Conneeticut election! Mr. President,
the President of the United States made no
objection to hundreds of the employes of the
Government attending that election from posi-
tions within this Administration.
Mr. CLARK. What had he to do with it?
I want to know if it has come to this, that a
man has got to ask the permission of the Pres-
ident to go home and vote. He permitted
them to do it!
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. No, sir, I do not
say that; but I say the President cheerfully,
so far as I know, willingly 
Mr. CLARK. The Senator said that the
President permitted them to do it.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Sir, he made no
objection. [Laughter.]
Mr. SAULSBURY. If the Senator from
Kansas will allow me I will state that an at-
tempt was made by a menial of President Lin-
coln to prevent Democrats in my Stat& from
voting by military interference and with the
approval of that President. That menial was
Edwin M. Stanton.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I do not propose to
be drawn into the defense of the 22d of Febru-
ary speech of the President. I regret that speech.
But I do say that he was provoked, and with
the same provocation I do not know that as
President I would have referred to gentlemen
as he did, but as a Senator or man, I would
have struck, by speech, the gentlemen referred -
