1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and speculative theories will no longer prevail.
Wc to-day are to stand true to our own grand
mission, or we are to prove recreant to the high
trust reposed in us. What is, under Provi-
dence, the sublime mission now devolved upon
the Congress of the United States? "To break
eyery yoke and let the oppressed go free;" to
batter down prison walls and prison bars; to
declare the equality of all men before the law,
as they are equal before G-od. This is the grand
mission which is now upon us, which we may
not avoid or evade.
, And, Mr. President, history is continually
repeating itself. After three quarters of a cen-
tury, after we have run the round of long out-
rage and oppression against the poor African,
to-day we have come back to the proud stand-
point where our ancestors stood when they gave
utterance to that proud, that noble enunciation
which shook the despotisms of the world, that
"all men are created equal," have inaliena-
ble rights. After making the whole circle of
history—it has taken us seventy-five years—
we have come back to the proud position of
the fathers, and we stand upon that principle,
and there may stand with safety. Compromises,
conciliations, temporary expedients, are evan-
escent and pass away, but principles are eternal,
eternal as truth, eternal as the attributes of God
himself. Then let us stand not upon expedi-
ency, but upon that grand principle enunciated
by the fathers in the Declaration of Independ-
ence.
But, sir, I have been led aside from the in-
vestigation of the congressional and executive
action upon this subject. I have shown you
that some acts have been passed by Congress
utterly ignoring the present existence of these
States, as for instance in the quorum rule and
the law regulating the election of President.
I have shown you that, while the taxation bill
andthe apportionment bill seemed to recognize
the present existence of the States, they evi-
dently look to the future for execution, and are
provided not for a present contingency, but for
a possible contingency which may arise in the
future. I have shown you that the presidential
action on this subject on the one hand has rec-
ognized the existence of the States, and upon
the other lias utterly ignored that existence.
The proclamation appointing provisional gov-
ernors ignores to all intents and purposes the
constitutional existence of these States. The
proclamation of theTSecretary of State recently
issued, stating that the constitutional amend-
ment had received the sanction of three fourths
of the States, counting the rebel States, seems
to recognize the existence of the States.
Then the action both of Congress and of the
President 011 this subject lias been contradic-
tory ; bat for the purpose of my argument, I
shall take it for granted that these States in
their present anomalous and unanticipated po-
sition are not in such a condition as to partici-
Eate in the government of the country. Then
ow shall we restore them ? You have listened
to the presidential plan for restoration. 1 now
propose to show you some plans which have
been suggested in Congress, and to direct your
attention to the various congressional plans for
the restoration of these States.
Some must vo+e under any plan of restora-
tion, for, the consent of the governed, expressed
and known through those whom they select for
the purpose.; is the foundation of government.
It has been said that the right to vote gives the
power to rule, and under our system of govern-
ment that is a truism which needs not to be
proven. Ours is a Tedcral elective Republic :
representation is recognized, and the right to
select rulers is the right to rule. Hence the
importance of the right of suffrage in this coun-
try. Now, suppose that the loyal white voters 1
alone in the South arc recognized—a plausible
theory and not without its supporters—let us
see how that plan would work.
I have seen a calculation, which I accept as
correct, that nine out of ten of the white voters
in the rebel States have participated in the re-
bellion, excluding those excluded by the Pres-
ident' s proclamation. We shall then have only
about one hundred and twenty thousand loy^l
white voters, a number far too small to inau-
gurate and carry into successful operation a
government. Suppose you allow only loyal
voters in the rebel States to organize govern-
ment, and recognize simply the loyal citizens
as the State, then how does it stand? You
have in the eleven rebel States but one hun-
dred and twenty thousand loyal voters—a basis
too small, altogether too small, to answer the
guarantee of a republican form of government.
Then I take it for granted that no one will now
contend that you can organize these eleven
States with one hundred and twenty thousand
voters ; and if you could you would give those
one hundred and twenty thousand voters as
much power as one million voters in the N orth.
Then the inequality of the measure, aside from
its impracticability, would at oncc discard this
as a basis of reconstruction. We cannot rely
on the one hundred and twenty thousand loyal
votes alone in the midst of a population giving
one million two huudred and fifty thousand
votes.
Let us take another plan of reconstruction ;
let all the loyal and disloyal white voters vote ;
what then? The rebels outvote the loyal vot-
ers in the proportion of ten to one. If you
let the loyal whites and the rebel white voters
reconstruct, the rebels outnumber the loyal in
the proportion of ten to one, as before stated ;
you give over, tied hand and foot and cast into
utter darkness, the loyal whites and the loyal
blacks into the control of the million rebel
voters. Is that to be tolerated for a single
moment? That which they failed to accom-
plish by force of arms they seek to accomplish
by the ballot. They beleaguered the capital for
long months, and their liaunting banner was
seen in view of the Capitol. They failed to
take it. Now they propose to take it, and you
propose to give it to them by means of recon-
struction. In the act of triumph have we been
defeated, in the hour of victory are we the van-
quished?
But we are told these gentlemen surrendered
and they are entitled to magnanimous treat-
ment and kind consideration. How did they
surrender? When further opposition was per-
fectly hopeless. You owe nothing to negotia-
tion. You owe nothing to compromise. This
peace was achieved at the mouth of the cannon,
was written in blood by the point of the bay-
onet upon a subjugated confederacy; and yet
gentlemen talk about rights they have acquired
by surrender! It was the triumph of force
and nothing else.
Let us look at these other plausible plans of
reconstruction, for bear in mind that in any
plan devised somebody must vote, otherwise
we cannot have a Federal elective republic,
otherwise we cannot carry out the guarantees
of the Constitution. Somebody must vote, and
if the States are to be admitted immediately,
somebody must vote now, and who shall that
body be?
Theie is another inequality, a gross inequal-
ity, in permitting all the rebels and all the loyal
whites to vote. By the freedom of the blacks
there is added one and a half million "to the
representative population of the rebel States.
Under the ratio as contained in the present
provision of the Constitution three fifths of the
black slaves are counted for purposes of taxa-
tion and representation ; they are chattels for
one purpose, things for another; persons for
one purpose, property for another. We have
come to the point now when we propose to
strike down this anomaly in the Constitution of
the United States. One and a half million is
added to their representative population. Do
you propose to have them come in with that
increased power? I thought you were to pun-
ish traitors and to make treason odious; and how
do you propose to punish traitors? By an am-
nesty wide and sweeping in its operation, and by
inviting these rebels into the Ilalls of Congress
with an increase pf fourteen members to their
representation? Is not this a strange mode of
punishing traitors and making treason odious?
And yet without the amendment now proposed
to the, Constitution of the United States,; we
not only- receive them back with all their righte
and privileges under the present Constitution
unimpaired, but it is proposed voluntarily to
give them a representation of fourteen more
members in the House of Representatives.
What have they done that they, appeal thus
mightily to our sympathies, that we should n{>t
only invite them back, consider the past as
utterly gone and obliterated, and ask them, to
share with us the equal privileges of this free
Government, but with the privilege of fonrteep
additional members of Congress in the HoifS^
of Representatives? I take it for granted, then,
that this plan of reconstruction has no friends
and 110 supporters in the Congress of the UnitetJ
States.
By the freedom of the blacks, as before stated,
one million and a half is added to the represent-
ative population of the southern States. Before
the rebellion six millions in the South had the
political power of eight and a half millions in
the free States, and if 110 amendment in the
basis of representation as contemplated is made,
they will have about the same political power
with ten millions in the North, and then they
would not represent their slaves as slaves, for
every one has now become a freeman and is
counted for the purposes of taxation and rep-
resentation as a man—a free man.
Another plan is to let all the loyal white men
vote and all the rebels vote. Let us see how
this will operate. This great inequality will
still exist in the relative political influence of a
voter, North and South, and the latter would
have about double the power. Very nearly the
same inequality as exists under the President's
proclamation would still exist, and the rule
would be in the hands of the rebels, they being
largely in the majority.
Another plan proposed is to let all the loyal
whites and blacks vote, and as many rebels as
these votes can control; and why as many rebels
as these votes can control? Simply because
we do not propose to give this Government,
North or South, into the hands of rebel voters.
We do not propose any such thing.
There is another plan, now exploded, of col-
onization, utterly impracticable, and so deter-
mined by the enlightened judgment of Con-
gress and the whole people of the United States.
T will not disguise the fact that I should prefer
a separation of the races if it were practicable.
I well know that prejudice exists against, the
colored race—a prejudice almost ineradicable ;
but it is wholly impracticable to separate them,
now. We have no territory for tliem ; we have
no means adequate to it, and wc cannot force
them as freemen to emigrate whether they will
or not. Then I throw out of the calculation
entirely this whole plan of colonization.
We are brought to the question, upon what
safe basis can the States be restored to their
constitutional relations to the United States?
It cannot be done upon the basis alone of the
loyal voters, for they are inconsiderable, and
would be utterly overwhelmed by the rebel
voters. It cannot be done by giving the rebel
voters the power to control the legislation of
the country. Now, suppose for one moment
that you should determine that a reconstruc-
tion should take place based upon the votes of
the rebels, what would be the result? What
are the great questions now engaging the at-
tention of the people, and which will engross
the legislation of the country for the next half
century? Questions of taxation and revenue.
Do you suppose they will willingly tax them-
selves to pay the interest upon the immense
debt created for their subjugation and over-
throw ?
There are other questions you will be called
upon to decide. You will have to provide a
fund for the payment of youi inv alid pensioners.
Think you that they will vote willingly to raise..
money to pay thepensionsofyourinvalid soldiers
when tlieir own invalid pensioners are excluded?
Can you hope for any cordial cooperation be-
tween the rebels and yourselves upon any of
these great subjects of national legislation?
Suppose you admit them here in the Senate,
