2764
THE COTOKESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
are so many different opinions, and in the same
press, too, very often, I come to the conclusion
which I expressed before, that we may just
about as well exercise our own judgment and
do the best we can and leave the results to the
future.
Now, sir, as I hope Congress may adjourn
some time from the 1st to the middle of July,
as I think it ought to $0, and may if it attends to
its business properly, and if nothing occurs to
render a longer session necessary, I think we
have arrived now—the last week in May—at
a time when we ought to have this question out
of the way. Wo may not agree with the other
House in some points. In that case the resolu-
tion will have to go back to the House. The
discussion upon it will take some time. While
it remains undisposed of it stands in the way
of other business. I should dislike very much
to see a question of this importance crowded
into the heel of the session. When it is a mat-
ter upon which we have resolved to act and
settle before Congress adjourns, if we can settle
it, we had better not leave it to the hurry of
hot weather and a time, when we may all be
more impatient than we ought to be in consid-
ering a question of so much importance. I
hope, therefore, that it will be proceeded with
this morning.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 did not intend, and I hope
I was not understood to make any formal oppo-
sition to proceeding with this measure. All
that I aimed to do was to express an individual
opinion which I have very strongly—I cannot
help it—with regard to the time when it is best
to consider the subject. I may be in error;
it is probable that I am in error, since I find
that most of those about me have a different
opinion, and I am sure that have substantially
at heart the same objects as myself. Most
probably I am in error; but I have performed
my duty, and in a humble way satisfy myself
by making this declaration. I have ventured
to file a caveat—perhaps that is too strong
a term to use for so simple an expression
as I intend now—but I did wish to bring the
Senate seriously to consider whether they had
before them all the evidence so arranged, with
all its conclusions and results presented to
them which they thought it best to have before
they proceeded to the final decision of this great
question. I must say I think they have not.
However, others do not agree with me.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to inquire of
the Senator from Massachusetts to what time
he would propose to postpone the considera-
tion of this measure. In asking the question,
I desire also to say that I agree with the Sen-
ator from Maine that Congress ought to ad-
journ at as early a day as he has suggested.
Unquestionably this measure has to be con-
sidered before the adjournment. We know
that practically, aiid I am in favor of meeting
it at some early day, because T do not want to
be kept here, personally, and I do not suppose
other Senators desire to be kept into the very
hot weather of the summer in this city. If the
Senator from Massachusetts proposes a rea-
sonable postponement, whatever reasons may
govern him, whether they be liferent from
those that may govern myself or not, I would be
inclined to vote with him, but not for any very
long postponement of it. If it could be post-
poned until the next session, I perhaps would
agree to that, but to postpone it to the month
of July, I would not agree to.
Mr. SUMNER. Does the Senator desire
an answer?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. I did not propose any
motion. The Senator asks me a question.
That I will answer with great pleasure. As
far as I can pretend to determine or have an
opinion, from the business of the Senate, I do
not suppose the Senate can adjourn before the
latter part of July. I have supposed that we
should not get to such a point in our business
that we ought to leave hei-e till then. I have
thought, then, that this great question of recon-
struction ought to be reserved as the last seri-
ous considerable subject for discussion before
we leave. I have thought, therefore, it might
perhaps be taken up properly during the last
half of June, some three or four weeks from
now; believing, as I do, that at that time we
shall be better instructed on the general sub-
ject, better prepared to harmonize and to
adopt a policy which will be most truly benefi-
cent to the country. I am sure that the coun-
try is ready to adopt any policy which this
Congress puts-forth, and the stronger it is the
better. The country is stronger than Con-
gress, and I believe that Congress will be
stronger than it is now if we wait till those
very heats of summer which Senators so much
deprecate.
Mr. CONNESS. Considering how long we
have waited before action on this question, and
how impatiently the country has waited, I
must express the hope that the waiting will be
brought to an end, and that we shall now come
to deliberate and final action as soon as we
can upon the great question before us. It will
be remembered that the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts advises us that his opposi-
tion to considering this question now is not a
formal opposition; it is but an informal oppo-
sition that the Senator makes. That is not a
distinction without a difference, it is true, for
it furnishes sufficient difference to invite the
proposition for delay from the other side. I
hope the Senator will not be gratified. In-
deed, I know he does not want to be gratified.
I know in saying that I assume something;
that is, I assume to know the Senator's mind
better than he speaks it this morning; but it
will be remembered that he spoke with a di-
vided mind, and so advised us. It was not a
formal opposition. It was but his informal
opposition this morning to the consideration
of the question ; and in obedience to the idea
that seems to have invested him for some time
past, that the more delay we have the better
we shall be prepared; that the longer we post-
pone the greater will be the result of our wis-
dom when we deliberate; that with that post-
ponement we shall have more inclusion than
exclusion, to use the Senator's terms. The
Senator from Nevada and his inclusion will
be the more welcomed by the honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts and appreciated, and
the exclusion of the honorable Senator from
Indiana, who leads the other side so well upon
questions of the character now before us, will
be, in a smaller degree, included in the result
and the sum total of our judgment. But that
these things may happen, that is to say, that
we shall have the promise of their happening
and occurring, given us by the honorable Sen-
ator, I am not, for one, willing to delay any
longer. I am very glad to see that the Senator
does not launch the thunders of his opposition
to proceeding this morning. I knew that he
would agree to go on, with an unwilling, half
reluctant, half consenting, protesting, delight-
ful enjoyment that we were to begin. That
being the temper of the Senator, and I think
the temper of the Senate and the country being
to proceed, I should not feel at liberty to delay
even for five minutes longer. Therefore I must
express the hope that we shall now proceed
with this great and greatest of questions that
has ever been presented to the American poeple
for consideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Michi-
gan to postpone the present and all prior orders
and proceed to the consideration of the reso-
lution from the House of Representatives pro-
posing an amendment to the Constitution of
the United States.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM TUB HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson', its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives disagreed
to the amendments of the Senate to the bill
(H. R. No. 85) for the disposal of the public
lands for homestead actual settlement m the
States of Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, Ar-
kansas, and Flordia, asked a conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon,
and'had appointed Mr. George W. Julian of
Indiana, Mr. John H. Rice of Maine, and
Mr. Adam J. Glossbrenotr of Pennsylvania,
managers at the same on its part.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills ; which were thereupon
signed by the President pro tempore :
A bill (S. No. 318) to authorize the appoint-
ment of an additional Assistant Secretary of
the Navy,
A bill (H. R. No. 193) for the relief of Mrs.
William L. Herndon; and
A bill (H. R. No. 558) to amend the charter
of the Washington Gas-Light Company.
APPROVAL OF BILLS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Cooper, his Secretary, an-
nounced that the President of the United
States had approved and signed, on the 21st
instant, the following acts and joint resolution:
An act (S. No. 132) to prevent and punish
kidnaping;
An act (S. No. 186) amendatory of an act
to provide for the reports of decisions of the
Supreme Court of the United States;
An act (S. No. 316) to establish a post route
from West Alburg, Vermont, to Champlain,
in the State of New York, and for other pur-
poses ; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 61) to extend
the time for the construction of the first section
of the Western Pacific railroad.
HOMESTEADS IN SOUTHERN LAND STATES.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 85) for the dis-
posal of the public lands for homestead actual
settlement in the States of Alabama, Missis-
sippi, Louisiana, Arkansas, and Florida, and,
On motion of Mr. KIRKWOOD, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said bill, and agree to the conference
asked by the House on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the President pro tempore be au-
thorized to appoint the managers at said conference
on the part of the Senate.
RECONSTRUCTION.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the joint resolution (H.
R. No. 127) proposing an amendment to the
Constitution of the United States, which was
read as follows:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of Amei ica in Congress assembled,
(two thirds of both Houses concurring.) That the fol-
lowing article be proposed to the Legislatures of the
several States as an amendment to the Constitution
of the United States, which, when ratified by three
fourths of said Legislatures, shall be valid as part of
tlic Constitution, namely:
Article —.
Sec. 1. No State shall make or enforce any law
which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of
citizens of the United States; nor shall any State de-
prive any person of life, liberty, or property, without
due process of law; nor deny to any person within
its jurisdiction the eciual protection of the laws.
Sec. 2. Representatives shall be apportioned among
the several States which may bo included within the
Union, according to tbeir respective numbers, count-
ing the whole number of persons in each State, ex-
cluding Indians not taxed. But whenever, in any
State, the elective franchise shall be denied to any
portion ef its male citizens not less than twenty-one
years of age. or in any way abridged, except for partici-
pation in rebellion or other crime, the basis of repre-
sentation in such State shall be reduced in the pro-
portion which the number of such male citizens shall
bear to the -whole number of male citizens not less
than twenty-one years of age.
Sec. 3. Until the -1th day of July, in the year 1370,
all persons who voluntarily adhered to tlio late insur-
rection, giving it aid and comfort, shall bo excluded
from the right to vote tor Representatives in Con-
gress and for electors for President and Vice Presi-
dent of the United States. _
Sec. 4. Neither the United States nor any State
shall assume or pay any debt or obligation already
incurred, or which may hereafter be incurred, in aid
of insurrection or of war against the United States,
or any claim for compensation for loss of involuntary
service or labor.
Sec. 5.^ Tim Congress shall have power to enfon-.o by
appropriate legislation the provisions of this article.
Mr.^ HOWARD. Mr. President, 1 regret
that the state of the health of the honorable
Senator from Maine [Mr. Fessejsdkn] who is
