S724
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
law to. be submitted -annually to Congress fey the Sec-
retary of the Treasury; and said report, embracing
the'retums oftbe commerce and navigation, the ex-
ports nod imports of the United States to the close
of the focal year, shall be submitted to Congress in a
printed form on or before the 1st day of December
next succeeding; and the said Director, as soon as
practicable after the organization of this office, shall,
under the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury,
prepare and publish monthly reports of the exports
and imports of the United States, including the quan-
tities and values of goods warehoused or withdrawn
from warehouse, and such other statistics relative to
the trade and industry of the country as the Secre-
tary of the Treasury may consider expedient. And
the Director of the Bureau of Statistics shall also pre-
pare an annual statement of all vessels registered,
enrolled, and licensed under the Taws of the United
States, together with the name and tonnage of each
vessel, the class to which she belongs as to build and
rigging, the namo of her home port, and such other
information as the Secretary, of the Treasury may
deem proper to embody therein; and to enable the
said Director to furnish the information required the
Secretary of the Treasury shall have power, under
such regulations as he snail prescribe, to establish
and provide a system of numbering «11 vessels so
registered, enrolled, and licensed; and each vessel
so numbered shall have her number deeply carved or
otherwise permanently marked on her main beam;
and if at any time she shall cease to be so marked, such
vessel shall be no longer recognized as a vessel of the
United States. The said Director shall also prepare an
annual statement of all merchandise passingin transit
through tho United States to foreign countries, each
description of merchandise, so far as practicable,ware-
housed, withdrawn from warehouse for consumption,
for exportation, for transportation to other districts,
and remaining in the warehouse at the end of each
fiscal year; and to aid him in the discharge of these
duties,the several clerks now employed in the prepara-
tion of statistics in the Treasury Department, or any
bureau thereof, shall be placed under his supervision
and direction. It shall be the further duty of said
Director to collect, digest, and arrange, for the use of
Congress, tho statistics of the manufactures of the
United States, their localities, sources of raw mate-
rial, markets, exchanges with the producing regions
of the country, transportation of products, wages, and
such other conditions as are found to affect their pros-
perity. The said Director shall also collect, digest,
and arrange for the use of Congress the statistics of
tho mining industry of tho United States, the number
and location of the mines, the products, wages of labor
employed therein, and such other matters as may ex-
hibit the condition and affect the prosperity of that
branch of industry. And the said Director shall also
annually prepare a report, to be laid before Congress,
concerning the general course and influence of trade
with foreign countries, exhibiting the distribution
of tlio domestic exports of the United States among
them, and tho exchange of commodities with them,
and tho cost of production in therospectivc countries
wherever attainable, and by what means the export
trade of tho United States may be increased; which
report shall extend to such particulars and shall bo
ai ranged in such manner and form as may be required
by the Secretary of the Treasury. And for all these
purposes the said Director shall have access to the
statistics, papers, and records of the several Depart-
ments of the Government; and, in addition to the
clerical service hereinbefore provided, the Secretary
of the Treasury shall detail such other clerks as may
be necessary to fully carry out the provisions of this
cat. And the expenses ot the Bureau of Statistics for
clerical scrvice, publication of reports, stationery,
books, and statistical periodicals and papers required
by tho bureau shall be defrayed, on the order and
approval of the Secretary of the Treasury, out of any
moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
And all letters and documents to and from the Di-
rector of the Bureau of Statistics, relating tothe duties
and business of his office, shall be transmitted by mail
froo of postage.
The question was taken; and upon a division
there were—ayes 54, noes 74.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, called for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to strike out was accordingly
i:ot agreed to.
The question then recurred on ordering the
bill, as amended, to be engrossed and read a
third time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the bill be recommitted to the Committee
of Ways and Means, with instructions to report
the same at the next session, with such modi-
fications or changes as they may see fit to make:
and upon that motion I demand the previous
question.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. I move to lay the bill
on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. McKEE, (at twenty minutes past five
o'clock p.m.) I move that the House now
adjourn.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to. •
The question recurred upon seconding the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Wijl the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Wash-btjrne] withdraw the
call for the previous question to allow me to
move an amendment to his motion?
Mr. ^ASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will
withdraw the motion for that purpose.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move as a sub-
stitute for the motion of the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Washburne] that this bill be
recommitted to the Committee of Ways and
Means, with instructions to report a bill em-
bracing the first section of the pending bill;
the sixth and twelfth sections, as originally re-
ported, and including the amendments relative
to the duty on tea and coffee; the duties on lin-
seed, flaxseed, hempseed, rapeseed, and upon
oils manufactured therefrom, as provided in
the bill; a reduction of the duty on railroad
iron to seventy cents per hundred pounds ; a
reduction of all other rates embodied in the
bill to a standard nftt higher than the actual
necessities of the interests affected thereby
require, not exceeding in any case twenty-five
per cent, above the rates now fixed by law;
and section fourteen, and all subsequent sec-
tions, with such changes as previous modifi-
cations may require, if any.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now call
the previous question.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I move to reconsider
the vote by which the House agreed to the
amendment of the Committee of the Whole in
regard to the duty upon bituminous coal, and
upon that motion I call the yeas and nays.
Mr. J. L. THOMAS, (at twenty-five minutes
past five o'clock p. m.) I move that the House
adjourn.
The question was taken ; and upon a division
there were—ayes 38, noes 95.
Before theresultof the vote was announced,
Mr. J. L. THOMAS called for the yeas and
nays on the motion to adjourn.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays, and there were—ayes fifteen,
not one fifth of the members present.
Mr. J. L. THOMAS called for tellers on
ordering the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
And the motion to adjourn was accordingly
not agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Hotchkiss to reconsider the vote agreeing
to the amendment in relation to bituminous
coal.
Mr. STEYENS. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
The question was taken ; and upon a division
there were—ayes 81. noes 52.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. HOTCHKISS called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 73, nays 70, not voting
89 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Anderson, Delos R. Ash-
ley, James M. Ashley, Barker, Boyer, Bromwell,
Buekland, Bundy, Reader W. Clarke,Sidney Clarke,
Cobb, Coifroth, Davis, Dawson, Donnelly, Driggs,
Ecklcy, Eggleston, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Farquhar,
Finck, Glossbrenner, Grider. Hale, Aaron Harding,
Hayes, Henderson, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D.
Hubbard, James It. Hubbell, Johnson, Kelley, Kelso,
Kerr, Latham, fteoige V". La/wience, Loan, Long-
year, Marshall. McCullough, MeIvee,Mercur, Miller,
Myers, Niblack, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Phelps, Plants,
Samuel J. Randall, William J f. Randall, Rittcr. Ross,
Schenck, Scofiold, Shan klin, Stevens, Strouse, Thayer,
Francis Thomas. John L.Thomas. Thornton, Trimble,
Robert T. Van Horn, Elihu B. Washburne, Henry D.
Wa>hburn, Welker, Wlialey, Williams, and Stephen
F. Wilson—73.
NAYS—Messrs.Alley. Allison. Ames, Baker, Bald-
win,-Banks, Baxter, Bergen, Bingham, Boutwell,
Cook, Dawes, Deming, Dixon, Dodge, Eliot, Ferry,
Garfield. Grinnoll, Abner C. Harding, Harris, Hart,
I-Iigby, Hogan, Holmes, Ilooper, Hotchkiss, Demas
Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, Hulburd, Humphrey,
Incrersoll. Jenckes, Julian, Kasson, Kcfoham, Lallin,
William Lawrence, Marston, Marvin, McClurg, Mc-
Ruer, Moorhcad, Morrill, Morris, Moulton, Newell,
Nicholson. Patterson, Perham, Pike, Pomeroy, Alex-
ander IT. Rice, John II. Rice, Rogers, Rollins, Rous-
seau, Shcllabarger, Sitgreaves, Taber, Taylor. Trow-
bridge, Van Aernara,Burt Van Horn. Ward, William
B. Washburn, Went worth, James F. Wilson, Win-
dom, Woodhridgc, and Wright—70.
NOT VOTING*—Messrs. -Seaman, Benjamin, Bid-
well, Blame, Blow, Brandegee, Broomall, Chanter,
Conkling, Cullom, Culver, Darling, Defrees, Delano,
Denison, Dumont, Goodyear, Griswold, Hill, Edwin
N. Hubb'cll, Jones, Kuykepdall, Le Blond, Lynch,
Mclndoe, Noell, Price, Radford, Raymond,.Sawyer,
Sloan, Smith, Spalding, Starr, Stilwell, Upson, War-
ner, and Wiofield—39.
So the motion to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table was agreed to.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. I move to lay the bill
on the table.
-Mr. WARD, (at twenty inmates to six
o'clock p. m.) I move that the House now
adjourn.
The question was taken; and upon a division
there were—ayes 50, noes 84.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Eldridge to lay the bill on the table.
Mr, ELDRIDGE. Upon that motion I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays .were ordered.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the
House adjourn.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The question was then taken on the motion
to lay the bill on the table ; and there were—
yeas 25, nays 121, not voting 36; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Barker, Bergen, Cook, Eldridge,
Finck, Glossbrenner. Aaron Harding, Harris, Ifogan,
Humphrey, Kerr, Le Blond, Marshall, Niblaek,
Nicholson,P.itcer.ilogers, Ross, Shanklin, Sitgreaves,
Taber, Taylor* Thornton, Trimble, and Wright—25.
NAxS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Ancona,
Anderson, Delos R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Bald-
win, Banks, Barker, Baxter, Benjamin, Bingham,
Boutwell. Boyer, Bromwell, Buekland, Bundy,
Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coifroth,
Davis, Dawes, Dawson, Defrees, Delano, Doming, .
Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Eckloy, Eggleston,
Eliot, Farnsworth, Farquhar, Ferry, Garfield, Grin-
nell, Griswold, Hale, Abner C. Harding, llarl, Hayes,
Henderson, Iligby, Holmes, Hooper, Hotchkiss,Chcs-
terD. Hubbard,Demas Hubbard,John H. Hubbard,
James R. Hubbell, Hulburd. Johnson, Julian, Kas-
son,Kelley, Kelso, Kctcham,Lallin, Latham. George
V. Lawrence,WilliamLawrence, Longyear, Marston,
Marvin, McClurg, McCullough, McKee, McRuer,
Mercur, Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, Morris, Moulton,
Myers, Newell, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Patterson, Per-
ham, Phelps, Pike, Plants, Pomeroy, Price, Samuel
J. Randall, William II. Randall, Alexander II. Rice,
John II. Rice, Rollins, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield,
Shellabarger, Spalding, Stevens, Strouse, Thayer,
Francis Thomas, John Jj. Thomas, Trowbridge, Van
Aernam.Burt Van Horn, RobcrtT.Van Horn. Ward,
Elihu B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn, William
B. Washburn, Welker, Wentworth, Whalev, Wil-
liams, James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom,
and Woodbridge—121.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Beaman, Bidwell, Blaine,
Blow, Brandegee, Broomall, Chanler, Conkling, Cul-
lom, Culver, Darling. Denison, Dumont, Goodyear,
Grider, Hill, Asahel W. Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell,
Ingersoll, Jenckes, Jones, Kuykcndall, Loan, Lynch,
Mclndoe, Noell, Pvadford, Raymond. Rousseau.
Sloan, Smith, Starr, Stilwell, Upson, Warner, and
Winfield—36.
So the motion to lay the bill on the table
was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon seconding the
call for the previous question upon the motion
to recommit.
The SPEAKER. If the previous question
is seconded, and the motion to recommit
should be voted down, the previous question
will not be exhausted until the third reading
of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, (at ten minutes to
six o'clock p. m.) I move that the House
now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon the amendment
proposed by Mr. Wilson, of Iowa, to the mo-
tion of Mr. Washburxe, of Illinois, to recom-
mit the bill to the Committee of Ways and
Means with instructions to report a bill em-
bracing the first section of the pending bill;
the sixth and twelfth sections, as originally
reported, and including the amendments rel-
ative to the duty on tea and coffee, the du-
ties on linseed, flaxseed, hempseed, rapeseed,
and upon oils manufactured therefrom, as pro-
vided in the bill; a reduction of the duty on
railroad iron to seventy cents per hundred
pounds; a reduction of all other rates embod-
ied in the bill to a standard not higher than
the actual necessities of the interests affected
thereby requires not exceeding in amy case
