180*4
THE CroroRlSSKMML GLOBE.
April 6,
,to by the President of the United States. His
provocation was gross, coming from members
of his own party who had aided in-his election.
He had a right to expect their support instead
of their denunciation.
In answer to the charge that the evidence as
to the organization of these States was held
back by the President, I refer the Senator from
Ohio to the letter of Mr. Seward, in which he
explains" satisfactorily the reason for that delay.
I have it here before me:
supplementary report.
Department of State,
Washington, D. U., March 1,18S6.
It now appears that the foregoing report was pre-
pared in this office on the 22d of January last by the
Acting Secretary of State, William Hunter. The de-
lay of transmitting it was due to the fact that it was
held for revision by the undersigned. But neither
the preparation of the report nor the passage of the
first resolution of the Senate became known to the
Secretary of State until they were brought to his
knowledge after tho passage of the Senate's second
resolution.
Respectfully submitted.
WILLIAM H. SEWARD.
The President.
Mr. President, the Senator from Ohio, hav-
ing denounced the President yesterday as a
dictator and a despot, now arraigns him for his
'1 treachery.'' Irt what has he shown treachery ?
By vetoing; hills whi,eh be felt it his -duty to
veto, and whi.eh would have given bim impe-
rial power? By carrying out the reconstruc-
tion policy of Mr. Lincoln which was acquiesced
in by Congress and*indorsed by the people of
the United States? Treachery in nothing. It
is as bold a charge as that he dfisires to force
into these Chambers disloyal Senators and Rep-
resentatives. Asa Republican, as on e devoted
to the interests of that party, as a lover of my
country, desirous of its early restoration, I
throw back the charge of dictatorship, despot-
ism, and treachery. When our President evi-
dences either of these qualities, I will go as far
as the farthest in denunciation of him. But
until he does prove unfaithful I will stand by
him, defending him against all unjust attacks,
and-with the people of the United States will
endeavor to strengthen his arm in the discharge
of the important duties devolving upon him.
Mr. BROWN. I do not desire to take any
part in this debate, Mr. President, and should
have probably said nothing but for an allusion
which dropped from the Senator from Kansas
to a bill which was passed by the last Congress
in regard to " guarantying to certain States,
whose governments have been usurped or over-
thrown, a republican form of government,"
and the implication which fell from him that
the gentlemen on this side of the Senate were
guilty of stultifying themselves in now con-
tending for suffrage for the colored race as one
of the essential guarantees in reconstructing
these States. I desire in justice to myself to
make this statement: that when that bill came
from the House of Representatives at the last
Congress, and was pressed upon us here, con-
taining as it did a feature in it which excluded
the negroesin the southern States from suffrage,
I, for one, announced myself as utterly op:
posed to the bill. I furthermore stated on the
floor of the Senate publicly that I never would
vote for that bill, or for any other bill recon-
structing those States, that did not guaranty
to that class of citizews, the loyal colored pop-
ulation of the South, a right of suffrage. I
desire to reiterate that statement to-day, sir,
and to say that by no possibility and at no
time and under no circumstances will I cast
any vote for restoring those States to their
originaLstato in the Union and admitting back
here their Senators to participate in our legis-
lation until suffrage shall have been granted to
that class of people. I believe no other recon-
struction will ever give peace to the South,
security to the North, or permanent and con-
tented union to both sections, to all classes
and to every race. So much for my own posi-
tion.
But, Mr. President, of all the Senators on
this floor who do now or may heretofore have
acted with the Republican party, the Senator
from Kansas is the last one entitled to make any
such crimination against those who may have
supported' that bill in its original form. It was
on my motion, as Senators will remember, that
an amendment in the nature of a substitute was
put upon that bill, striking out all after the
enacting clause, and along with it, of course;
the clause which prohibited any colored citi-
zen from exercising the right _of suffrage, and
providing simply that no election should trans-
pire in any of those States until it had first
been authorized by act of Congress. On that
amendment, which would have saved the rights
of the colored citizens from absolute sacrifice,
and left them for future assertion, and, indeed,
on all the intermediate amendments to that
bill having the same end in view, the Senator
from Kansas voted side by side with the Sen-
ator from Ohio, whom he now accuses of stul-
tifying himself lay that bill and his votes there-
upon. I further desire to say, sir, that when
that bill was amended by the prevalence of my
motion and sent back to the House of Repre-
sentatives, the House refused to concur, and
returned their bill in its original shape. A
committee of conference was called for, and
that committee of' conference, at the head of
which was the. Senator from Ohio, recom-
mended that the Senate reccde from its amend-
ment, the result of doing which would be to
leave the bill just as it came from the House
of Representatives, with that section in it con-
fining the right of suffrage in the rebel States
exclusively to whites, and thus precluding
any, even such limited colored suffrage as
the Senator from Kansas now professes to
favor. On that motion the yeas and nays were
called, and the Senator from Kansas voted side
by side with the Senator from Ohio—both vot-
ing in the affirmative. With what face, there-
fore, can he talk about the Senator from Ohio
stultifying himself by then voting to recon-
struct the rebel States on an exclusively white
basis, and now contending for colored suffrage
as an essential guarantee for a safe restoration,
when he himself, the Senator from Kansas, did
exactly the same thing—voting with him in
every position then, and indorsing the bill as
it* came from the House of Representatives?
But, sir, I will read from the Journal of the
Senate the vote as recorded on this motion of
the Senator from Ohio to recede. Here it is:
"The Senate proceeded to consider the resolution
of the House of Representatives disagreeing to the
amendment of thojScna.te to the bill of the Houso
(II. R. No. '2-iD to guaranty to certain States, whose
governments have been usurped or overthrown, a
republican form of government, and asking a con-
ference with the Senate thereon, and
" On motion by Mr. Wade that the Senate recede
from its amendment to the said bill,
" ft was determined in the affirmative—yeas 18,
nays 1-S.
"On motion by Mr. Saulsbcry, the yeas and nays
being desired by one fifth of theSenators present.
"Those who voted in tho affirmative are, Messrs.
Anthony. Chandler, Clark, Conness, Foot. Harlan,
Harris, Howe, Lane, of Kansas, Morgan, Pomeroy,
Ramsey, Sherman, Sprague, Sumner, Wade, Wilkin-
son, Wilson."
Sir, the Senator from Kansas made a boast
in his remarks when up that it was he who told
President Lincoln to veto that bill and that he
reflected upon that advice so tendered by him
as one of the proudest acts of his life. Of
course as he says so it is not permitted me to
doubt that he did so advise the President, but
in view of the fact of his votes in favor of the
bill, in favor of it as against amendments that
would have relieved it of all its obnoxious
features, the question of how much credit the
Senator from Kansas is entitled to for so
advising the President of the United States
and urging him, as he declares, to pocket that
bill, I leave for him and the Senate to deter-
mine. I have only to say further, for my own
part,^ that I did approve of the action of the
President in defeating that bill, but it was
because I opposed it throughout and thought
it would have been a most unjust and disas-
trous measure.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The history of that
legislation was this: the bill came from the
House of Representatives and went to the Com-
mittee on Territories, and in that committee,
on my motion, the word " white" was stricken
out, and in that way it was reported to the Sen-
ate. I made a few remarks, saying that the
bill in its original shape disfranchised the loyal
men; but the time for its consideration was
short, and I remember that the Senator from
Ohio thought the bill would be lost, and it was
settled by the Senate agreeing to the House bill.
The committee, however, reported the amend-
ment which I suggested.
Mr. WADE. I hope the Senator will now
absolve me from all responsibility on that
subject
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Not at all. I have
never been in favor of universal suffrage.
Mr. WADE. But you voted with me through-
out.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. That is true; but
I am not one of the men who are for universal
suffrage. I am for a qualification.
' Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, the late
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States gives rise to the same struggle which has
marked our whole history—a struggle between
two tendencies or forces always at work in our
complicated system of government. We have
a Federal Government with its delegated sov-
ereign power; we have State governments with,
their reserved rights and power; and between
these two great forces, this ever-constant and
ever-pressing struggle has gone on. It has
marked our history from the beginning, and
from before the beginning. During the whole
revolutionary war, during that period when the
first confederation was formed, as well as dur-
ing the sitting of that great convention which
formed the Constitution of the United States,
these two forces, the one which tends to give
power to the Federal Government, the other
which tends to reserve and defend power in the
States, were struggling with each other. The
one, to borrow the name of ancient times, was
designated Federalism; the other was desig-
nated Republicanism. These two forces in
their ever-recurring struggles have produced
all the political conflicts from the beginning of
the Government to the present time. In these
struggles political parties rise and dissolve. In
that great convention which formed our Con-
stitution, the Constitution itself was born of
that struggle. It is the child of .compromise
between these great forces—the great centrip-
etal force which tends to bring all power here,
and the great centrifugal force which if left to
itself would drive the States from their orbits
into anarchy, confusion, secession.
Sir, the assembly which formed the Consti-
tution was as wise as any ever organized upon
the earth; wiser, in my judgment, than any
which ever before laid the foundations of hu-
man empire; and wise as they were, from the
very fact that the human intellect is finite, from
the fact that language is incapable of giving
perfect expression to human thought, the result
of their labors producing this Constitution of
ours, left ccrtain clauses, perhaps all its clauses,
open to construction, and from the beginning
to the present time differences of opinion, dif-
ferences of construction, in relation to the mean-
ing of those clauses which prescribe the bound-
ary line between Federal and State authority
have arisen.
_ It seems that this new amendment is des-
tined to tho same fate. That this amendment
is a most important one, all must concede.
For myself there is no proposition which h'as
occurred during that period since I have been
in public life he*e, in which I have taken so
deep an _ interest as in its success. For its
introduction the Senator from Missouri [Mr.
Henderson] is entitled to the honor. The
Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] is enti-
tled to the honor of taking charge of that great
measure from the Committee on the Judici'ary,
and carrying it through the Senate. I believe
in that amendment, in its necessity, in its pro-
priety. _ I believe, also, that it should bo made
a certainty, a fact; and therefore I rejoice that
it was not left alone to the clause of the Con-
stitution which 'gives Congress the power to
carry out by legislation every power that has
been granted, but that there was an express
