1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Laios of the United States.
39th Com.... 1st Sess.
capital stock of said company be, and the same
is hereby, increased five hundred thousand dol-
lars, subject to the same liability as is provided
in the eleventh section of the original act of
incorporation, approved July eighth, eighteen
hundred and forty-eight.
Approved, May 24, 1866.
Chap. C.—An Act to authorize the Appoint-
ment of an additional Assistant Secretary of
the Navy.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the President of the
United States be, and he is hereby, authorized
and empowered, by and -with the advice and
consent of the Senate, to appoint an additional
Assistant Secretary of the Navy, who shalt'per-
form the same duties and receive the same sal-
ary as is by law allowed to the present Assist-
ant Secretary of the Navy.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
office hereby created shall cease by limitation
in six months from the approval of this act.
Approved, May 26, 1866.
Chap. CII.—An Act to repeal Section twenty-
three of Chapter seventy-nine of the Acts of
the Third Session of the Thirty-Seventh Con-
gress, relating to Passports.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That section twenty-three
of au act entitled "An act mating appropria-
tions for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June thirty, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four, and for the year ending
the thirtieth June, eighteen hundred and sixty-
three, and for other purposes," be, and the same
is hereby repealed. And hereafter passports
shall be issued only to citizens of the United
States.
Approver, May 30, 1866.
Chap. CIII.—An Act to define more clearly the
Jurisdiction and Powers of the Supreme Court
of the District of Columbia, and for other pur-
poses.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That writs of attachment
and garnishments shall be issued by the clerk
of the supreme court of the District, without
any authority or warrant from any judge or jus-
tice, whenever the plaintiff, his agent or attor-
ney, shall file in tlxe clerk's office, whether at
the commencement or during the pendency of
the suit, an affidavit, supported by the testi-
mony of one or more witnesses, showing the
grounds upon which he bases his affidavit, and
also setting forth that the plaintiff has a just
right to recover against the defendant what he
claims in the declaration, and also stating either,
first, that the defendant is a non-resident of the
District; or, second, that the defendant evades
the service of ordinary process by concealing
himself or by withdrawing from the District
temporarily; or, third, that he has removed or
is about to remove some of his property from
the District, so as to defeat just demands against
him; and shall also file his (the plaintiff's)
undertaking, with sufficient surety or sureties,
to be approved by the clerk, to make good all
costs and damages which the defendant may-
sustain by reason of the wrongful suing out of
the attachment: Provided, hoivever, That if the
defendent, his agent or attorney, shall file an
affidavit traversing the said affidavit, the court
shall determine whether the facts set forth in
said plaintiff's affidavit are true, and that there
was just ground for issuing said writ or war-
rant of attachment; and if the court shall deem
the facts do not sustain the affidavit,^ he shall
quash the writ of attachment or garnishment;
and this issue may be tried by a judge at cham-
bers on three days' notice. And the thing
attached shall not be discharged from the cus-
tody of the officer seizing it, until the defend-
ant shall deliver, either to the officer or to the
clerk, to be filed in the cause, his undertaking,
with sufficient surety or sureties, to satisfy and
pay the final judgment of the court against him;
and in case the defendant be found liable to the
plaintiff's claim, in whole or in part, the final
judgment shall be that the plaintiff recover
against the defendant and his surety or sure-
ties; uhd if the defendant fail to execute such
undertaking, the court may sell the thing at-
tached whenever it is satisfied that it is the inter-
est of the parties that it should be sold before
final judgment.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That from
and after the passage of this act the annual sal-
aries of the chief justice and associate justices
of the supreme court of the District of Colum-
bia, instead of the amount now fixed by law,
shall be as follows: for the chief justice, four
thousand five hundred dollars, and for each of
the associate justices, four thousand dollars.
Appp-oved, June 1, 1866.
Chap. CIY. — An Act to incorporate the
Women's Hospital Association of the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Be it enacted by th e Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That Abram D. Gillette,
Byron Sunderland, Charles H. Hall, George
IV. Sampson, J. N. Coombs, William B. Mat-
chett, Henry D. Cooke, William W. Corcoran,
Charles Knap, J. H, Thompson, Moses Kelley,
Ansel St. John, Mrs. Adelaide J. Brown, Mrs.
Mary W. Kelley, Elmira W. Knap, Mary C.
Havenner, Mary Ellen Norment, Jane Thomp-
son, Maria L. Harkness, Isabella Margaret
Washington, Mary P. Smith, Mrs. Elmira W.
Powell, and Mrs. Elizabeth Sampson, and
their successors duly chosen, are hereby con-
stituted and created a body-corporate in the
District of Columbia, by the name of the
Columbia Hospital for Women and Lying-in
Asylum.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That said
corporation hereby constituted shall consist of
twenty-four members. They shall have power
to fill all vacancies created by death, resigna-
tion, or otherwise, and to make by-laws, rules,
and regulations: Provided, That such by-laws,
rules, arid regulations are not repugnant to the
Constitution or laws of the United States.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
affairs of said corporation shall be under the
control and management of a board of twelve
directors, to consist of the first twelve of the
above-named incorporators, or such further
number as the duties of the corporation may
require, such increase of numbers to be made
by a vote of two thirds of the existing board.
The board of directors shall also have power
to appoint all sub-committees necessary to the
direction and efficiency of the institution hereby
authorized to be established.
Sec. 4. And be it further enaetcd, That the
first twelve corporators named in the first sec-
tion hereof, together witlf those who may be
elected directors as provided in the preceding
section, shall constitute the first board of di-
rectors, who shall from their number elect a
president, two vice presidents, a secretary, and
treasurer; and seven of the directors, of whom
the president or one of the vice presidents shall
be one, shall form a quorum for the transac-
tion of business.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
object of the association hereby incorporated
is to found in the city of Washington a hos-
pital and dispensary for the treatment of dis-
eases peculiar to women, and lying-in asylum,
in which those unable to pay therefor shall be
furnished with board, lodging, medicine, and
medical attendance gratuitously, and to that
end full powers are hereby conferred on the
association.
Sec. 0. And be it further enacted, That!_ .
corporation shall have power to accept, pur-
chase, receive conveyances of, and hold prop-
erty, either personal or real, to an amount
necessary for the full accommodation, conven-
ience,and support of the institution and those
participating in its benefits.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the
property, personal or real, so held by said cor-
poration, shall be exempt from all taxes and
assessments levied under act of Congress, or
by authority of any municipal corporation or
board within the District of Columbia.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That Con-,
gress may at any lime hereafter alter, amend,
or repeal this act.
Approved, June 1, 18CG.
Chap. CV.—An Act to protect American Cit-
izens engaged in lumbering on the St. Croix
Kiver, in the State of Maine.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Houseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the produce of the
forests of the State of Maine upon the St. Croix
river and its tributaries, owned by American
citizens, and sawed in the Province of New
Brunswick by American citizens, (the same
being unmanufactured in whole, or in part,) and
having paid the same taxes as other American
lumber on that river, shall be admitted into the
ports of the United States free of-duty, under
such regulations as the Secretary of the Treas-
ury shall from time to time prescribe.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That this
act shall take effect from and after its passage.
Approved, June 1, 1806.
Chap. CVL— An Act supplementary to the
several Acts relating to Pensions.
'Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Stales of America in
Congress assembled, That section five of an aet
entitled " An act supplementary to an act en-
titled 'An act to grant pensions,' approved July
fourteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-two,"
approved July fourth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four, and section three of an act entitled
"An act supplementary to the several acts
relating to pensions," approved March third,
eighteen hundred and sixty-five, be, and the
same are hereby, repealed, and the following
shall stand in lieu thereof: that, from ana
after the passage of this act, all persons by
law entitled to a less pension than hereinafter
specified, who, while in the military or naval
service and in line of duty, shall have lost the
sight of both eyes, or who shall have lost both
hands, or been permanently and totally disa-
bled in the same, or otherwise so permanently
and totally disabled as to render them utterly
helpless, or so nearly so as to require the con-
stant personal aid and attendance of another
person, shall be entitled to a pension of twenty-
five dollars per month; and all persons, who
under like circumstances, shall have lost both
feet, or one hand and one foot, or been totally
and permanently disabled in the same, or oth-
erwise so disabled as to be incapacitated for
performing any manual labor, but not so much
so as to require constant personal aid and atten-
tion. shall be entitled to a pension of twenty
dollars per month; and all persons who, under
like circumstances, shall have lost one hand or
one foot, or been totally and permanently dis-
abled in the same, or otherwise so disabled as
to render their inability to perform manual
labor equivalent to the loss of a hand or a foot,
shall be entitled to a pension of fifteen dollars
per month.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That any
pledge, mortgage, sale, assignment, or transfer
of any right, claim, or interest in any pension
which has been, or may hereafter be, granted,
shall be void and of no effect; and any person
acting as attorney to receive and receipt for
