1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2765
chairman, on the part of the Senate-, of the
joint committee of fifteen, is such as to dis-
able him from opening the discussion of this
grave and important measure. I was anxious
that he should take the lead, and the promi-
nent load, in the eonduetof this discussion, and
si ill entertain the hope that before it closes
the Senate will have the benefit of a full and
ample statement of his views. For myself, I
can only promise to present to the Senate, in
a very succinct way, the views and the motives
which influenced that committee, so far as I
understand those views and motives, in pre-
senting the report which is now before us for
consideration, and the ends it aims to accom-
plish.
The joint resolution creating that committee
intrusted them with a very important inquiry,
an inquiry involving a vast deal of attention
and labor. They were instructed to inquire
into the condition of the insurgent States, and
authorized to report by bill or otherwise at
their discretion. I believe that I do not over-
state the truth when I say that no committee
of Congress has ever proceeded with more
fidelity and attention to the matter intrusted
to them. They have been assiduous in dis-
charging their duty. They have instituted an
inquiry, so far as it was practicable for them
to do so, into the political and social condition
of the insurgent States. It is very true, they
have not visited any localities outside of the
city of Washington in order to obtain informa-
tion ; but they have taken the testimony of a
great number of witnesses who have been sum-
moned by them to Washington, or who hap-
pened to be in Washington, and who had some
acquaintance with the condition of affairs in
the insurgent States. I think it will be the
judgment of the country in the end that that
committee, so far as the procuring of testimony
upon this subject is concerned, has been not
only industrious and assiduous, but impartial
and entirely fair. I know that such has been
their aim. I know that it has not been their
purpose to present to Congress and the coun-
try in their report anything unfair or one-sided,
or anything of a party tendency. Our anxiety
has been to ascertain the whole truth in its
entire length and breadth, so far as the facili-
ties given us would warrant.
One result of their investigations has been
the joint resolution for the amendment of the
Constitution of the United States now under
consideration. After most mature deliberation
and discussion, reaching through weeks and
even months, they came to the conclusion that
it was necessary, in order to restore peace and
quiet to the country and again to impart vigor
and efficiency to the laws, and especially to
obtain something in the shape of a security for
the future against the recurrence of the enor-
mous evils under which the country has labored
for the last four years, that the Constitution of
the United States ought to be amended; and
the project which they have now submitted is
the result of their deliberations upon that
subject.
The first section of the amendment they have
submitted for the consideration of the two
Houses relates to the privileges and immunities
of citizens of the several States, and to the rights
and privileges of all persons, whether citizens
" or others, under the laws of the United States.
It declares that—-
No State shall makeor enforce any law which shall
abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of
the United States; nor shall any State deprive any
person of life, liberty, or property without due_ pro-
cess of law; nor deny to any person within its juris-
diction the equal protection of the laws.
It will be observed that this is a general
prohibition upon all the States, as such, from
abridging the privileges and immunities of the
citizens of the United States. That is its first
clause, and I regard it as very important. It
also prohibits each one of the States from
depriving any person of life, liberty, or prop-
erty without due process of law, or denying
to any person within the jurisdiction of the
State the equal protection of its laws.
The first clause of this section relates to the
privileges and immunities of citizens of the
United States as such, and as distinguished
from all other persons not citizens of the Uni-
ted States. It is not, perhaps, very easy to
define with accuracy what is meant by the ex-
pression, "citizen of the United States," al-
though that expression occurs twice in the Con-
stitution, once in reference to the President of
the United States, in which instance it is de-
clared that none but a citizen of the United
States shall be President, and again in refer-
ence to Senators,who are likewise to be citizens
of the United States. Undoubtedly the expres-
sion is used in both those instances in the same
sense in which it is employed in the amendment
now before us. A citizen of the United States
is held by the courts to be a person who was
born within the limits of the United States and
subject to their laws. Before the adoption of
the Constitution of the United States, the citi-
zens of each State were, in a qualified sense
at least, aliens to one another, for the reason
that the several States before that event were
regarded by each other as independent Govern-
ments, each one possessing a sufficiency of sov-
ereign power to enable it to claim the right of
naturalization; and. undoubtedly, each one of
them possessed for itself the right of natural-
izing foreigners, and each one, also, if it had
seen fit so to exercise its sovereign power, might
have declared the citizens of every other State
to be aliens in reference to itself. With a view
to prevent such confusion and disorder, and to
put the citizens of the several States on an
equality with each other as to all fundamental
rights, a clause was introduced in the Consti-
tution declaring that" the citizens of each State
shall be entitled to all privileges and immuni-
ties of citizens in the several States."
The effect of this clause was to constitute
ipso facto the citizens of each one of the origi-
nal States citizens of the United States. And
how did they antecedently become citizens of
the several States? By birth or by naturaliza-
tion. They became such in virtue of national
law, or rather of natural law which recognizes
persons born within the jurisdiction of every
country as being subjects or citizens of that
country. Such persons were, therefore, citi-
zens of the United States as were born in the
country or were made such by naturalization ;
and the Constitution declares that they are
entitled, as citizens, to all the privileges"and
immunities of citizen's in the several States.
They are, by constitutional right, entitled to
these privileges and immunities, and may as-
sert this right and these privileges and immu-
nities, and ask for their enforcement whenever
they go within the limits of the several States
of the Union.
It would be a curious question to solve what
are the privileges and immunities of citizens
of each of the States in the several States. I
do not propose to go at any length into that
question at this time. It would be a somewhat
barren discussion. But it is certain the clause
was inserted in the Constitution for some good
purpose. It has in view some results beneficial
to the citizens of the several States, or it would
not be found there; yet I am not aware that
the Supreme Court have ever undertaken to
define either the nature or extent of the priv-
ileges and immunities thus guarantied. In-
deed, if my recollection serves me, that court,
on a certain occasion not many years since,
when this question seemed to present itself to
them, very modestly declined to go into a
definition of them, leaving questions arising
under the clause to be discussed and adjudi-
cated when they should happen practically to
arise. But we may gather some intimation of
what probably will be the opinion of the judi-
ciary by referring to a case adjudged many
years ago in one of the circuit courts of the
United States by Judge Washington ; and I
will trouble the Senate but for a moment by
reading what that very learned and excellent !
judge says about these privileges and immuni- !
ties of the citizens of each State in the several i
States. It is the case of Corfield vs. Coryell,
found in 4 Washington's Circuit Court Reports,
page 380. Judge Washington says;
" The next question is whether this act infringes
that section of the Constitution which declares that
'the citizens of each State shall he entitled to all
privileges and immunities of citizens in the several
States?'
/'The inquiry is, what are the privileges and immu-
nities of citizens in the several States? We feel no
hesitation in confining these expressions to those
privileges and immunities which are in their nature
fundamental, which belong of right to the citizens
of all free Governments, and which have at all times
been enjoyed by the citizens of tho several States
which compose this Union from the time of their
becoming free, independent, and sovereign. What
these fundamental principles are it would, perhaps,
ho more tedious than difficult to enumerate. They
may, bowevcr, be all comprehended under thefollow-
in2 general heads: protection by the Government, tho
enjoyment oflifeand liberty, with therightto acquire
and possess property of every kind, and to pursue and
obtain happiness and safety, subject nevertheless to
such restraints as the Government may justly prescribo
for thegencral good ofthewhole, Therightofacitizen
of one State to pass through or to reside in any other
State, for purposes of trade, agriculture, professional
pursuits, or otherwise; to claim the benefit of the
writ of habeas corrju?; to institute and maintain
actions of any kind in the courts of the State; to
take, hold, and dispose of property, either real or
personal, and an exemption from higher taxes or
impositions than are paid by tho other citizens of
tho State, may be mentioned as some of the partic-
ular privileges and immunities of citizens which arc
clearly embraced by the general description of privi-
leges deemed to be fundamental, to which may be
added the elective franchise, as regulated and estab-
lished by the laws or constitution of the State in
which it is to be exercised. These, and many others
which might be mentioned, are, strictly speaking,
privileges and immunities, and the enjoyment of
them by the citizens of each State in every other
Statc was manifestly calculated (to use the expres-
sions of the preamble of the corresponding provision
in the old Articles of Confederation)'the better to
secure and perpetuate mutual friendship and inter-
course among the people of the different States of
the Union.''1
Such is the character of the privileges and
immunities spoken of in the second section of
the fourth article of the Constitution. To these
privileges and immunities, whatever they may
be—for they are not and cannot be fully de-
fined in their entire extent and precise nature
—to these should be added the personal rights
guarantied and secured by the first eight amend-
ments of the Constitution ; such as the freedom
of speech and of the press; the right of the
people peaceably to assemble and petition
the Government for a redress of grievanees. a
right appertaining to each and all the people;
the right to keep and to bear arms; the right
to be exempted from the quartering of soldiers
in a house without the consent of the owner ;
the right to be exempt from unreasonable
seai'ches and seizures, and from any search or
seizure except by virtue of a warrant issued
upon a formal oath or affidavit; the right of an
accused person to be informed of the nature
of the accusation against him, and his right to
be tried by an impartial jury of the vicinage;
and also the right to be secure against excess-
ive bail and against cruel and unusual punish-
ments.
Now, sir, here is a mass of privileges, im-
munities, and rights, some of them secured by
the second section of the fourth article of the
Constitution, which I have recited, some by
the first eight amendments of the Constitution;
and it is a fact well worthy of attention that
the course of decision of our courts and the
present settled doctrine is, that all these im-
munities, privileges, rights, thus guarantied by
the Constitution orrecognized by it. are secured
to the citizen solely as a citizen of the United
States and as a party in their court1!. They
do not operate in the slightest degree as a re-
straint or prohibition upon State legislation.
States are not affected by them, and ithas been
repeatedly held that the restriction contained
in the Constitution against the taking of pri-
vate property for public use without just com-
pensation is not a restriction upon State legis-
lation, but applies only to the legislation of
Congress.
N ow, sir, there is no power given in the Con-
stitution to enforce and to carry out any ot
these guarantees. They are not powers granted
by the Constitution to Congress, and of course
