3726
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
A petition of citizens of New York, praying
for the organization of a military corps to con-
sist of officers and privates on the pension-list
who may volunteer to enter the military ser-
vice of the United States, and that all officers
who may so volunteer may be allowed to hold
the same rank as before being mustered out of
service; and
A memorial of the Legislature of Ohio, in
favor of an increase of the regular Army, and
recommending the appointment of competent
volunteer officers to fill positions therein.
ward b. burnett.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I am directed by
the Committee on Pensions, to whom was re-
ferred the memorial of Ward B. Burnett, pray-
ing for arrears of pension, to report a bill (S.
No. 418) for the relief of Ward B. Burnett,
accompanied by a report, and to ask for its
present consideration. It is to remedy a mis-
take, and give him his arrears of pension for
three years. The facts of the case are set out
in the report, if any gentleman desires to hear
it read.
There being no objection, the bill was read
twice and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It directs that there be paid to Ward
B. Burnett the sum of $540, being the balance
of pension to which he was entitled at the rate
of fifteen dollars per month from the 4th of
March, 1803, to the 4th of March, 1866, and
which was improperly retained from him.
Mr. GRIMES. I call for the reading of the
report.
The Secretary read the following report:
The Committee on Pensions, to whom was referred
the memorial of Ward E. Burnett, having had the
same under consideration, report:
The memorialist was colonel of the first regiment
New York volunteers during the war with Mexico,
during which he was severely wounded, and for which
he was pensioned at the rate of thirty dollars per
month, being for total disability of an officer of his
rank. He received a pension at this rote up to the
4th of Mc-eh, 1863. In September, 1863, it became
necessary/or him, under a new law to submit himself
to a biennial examination by surgeons appointed for
tha.t purpose by the Pension Office. The surgeon who
then examined him pronounced him only half dis-
abled, which reduced his pension to fifteen do liars per
month.
Since the examination in 1864, he has exhibited to
the Pension Office the certificates of Surgeon General
Barnes aud others, which have satisfied the Commis-
sioner of Pensions that he was entitled to the full
pension of thirty dollars per month, and he is now
restored to his former pension by the Commissioner,
from and after the 4th of March, I860. The Depart-
ment not having the authority to pay the pension in
arrear, he appeals to Congress for it.
It is obvious that injustice was done the memorial-
ist by the examining surgeon in September, 1863, and
that the injuries received in the Mexican war con-
tinued during the time his pension was reduced, and
are certified to bo the same which produced his pres-
ent entire disability.
The committee therefore recommend the passage
of the bill for his relief, which they herewith report.
Mr. GRIMES. I suggest that the bill lie
over, and that the report be printed. It is
going to establish a very dangerous precedent.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the bill lies over under the rule,
and the order to print the report will be en-
tered.
port of delivery at whitehall.
Mr. MORGAN. The Committee on Com-
merce have had under consideration the bill
(H. R. No. 611) to provide for making the
town of Whitehall, New York, a port of deliv-
ery, and report it back and recommend its
passage. It is a bill of a single section, and I
should be glad to have it acted upon at this
time. It is recommended by the Treasury
Department.
By unanimous consent, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
vides that the town of Whitehall, in the State
of New York, which by "existing law is a port
through which imported merchandise may bo
exported in bond and for drawback to the ad-
jacent British North American Provinces, be
constituted a port of delivery within the collec-
tion district of Champlain, and that a deputy
collector, aa now authorized by law, shall there
reside, who shall receive the same compensa-
tion as is paid to the deputy collector now sta-
tioned at that port.
July 11,
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
uniform bankrupt law.
Mr. POLAND, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred a bill (H. R.
No. 598) to establish a uniform system of bank-
ruptcy throughout the United States, reported
it with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred petitions of citizens of Iowa and
Illinois and a memorial of the Chamber of
Commerce of the State of New York, praying
for the passage of a uniform bankrupt law, and
a memorial of the Board of Trade of the city
of Charleston, remonstrating against the pas-
sage of a bankrupt law, asked to be discharged
from their further consideration; which was
agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to ask the
Senator from Vermont, who has just reported
the bankrupt bill, whether he expects to pro-
ceed with its consideration during- the present
session.
Mr. POLAND. It is not specially in my
charge, but I know of no reason why we should
not proceed with its consideration.
Mr. SUMNER. As the Senator reported it
I thought it might be specially in his charge, and
that he would be able to answer the question.
Mr. POLAND. I am hardly able to give
any more definite answer. I know no reason
why it should not be proceeded with.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope it may be proceeded
with.
plates of wilkes's expedition.
Mr. HOWE. I am instructed by the Joint
Committee on the Library to report a joint
resolution to authorize the use of certain plates
of the United States exploring expedition by
the Navy Department, and I ask that it may
be considered at the present time.
The joint resolution (S. R. No. 126) was read
twice, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole by unanimous consent. It proposes to
instruct the Joint Committee on the Library to
grant to the Navy Department the use of such
ot' the engraved plates of the United States
exploring expedition, under Captain Wilkes,
now in charge of the committee, as may be
desired for the purpose of printing a supply of
charts for the use of the Department.
Mr. GRIMES. I suggest to the chairman
of the Committee on the Library if he had
not better amend that resolution so as to re-
quire those plates to be deposited in the Navy
Department. It will be remembered that we
have, in accordance with the practice of other
maritime nations, this year established a hy-
drographic bureau in connection with the Navy
Department, where the various charts of the
foreign and domestic seas are to be deposited.
Among other plates are .these that were made
to describe the surveys made by the expedition
under Commodore Wilkes, which, in the ab-
sence of having any better place for them, have
been left in charge of the Library. It seems
to me that the plates properly belong to that
bureau, and should be deposited there.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator from Iowa, I
think, is quite right; and when the Navy De-
partment is prepared to take the whole of that
paraphernalia, and fake care of it in some fire-
proof place, the Library would be very glad to
get rid of it; but there is an immense amount
of it, very little of which the Navy Depart-
ment would ever perhaps want to use, and it
is hardly worth while, I think, to separate the
mass. It is very likely to be lost sight of; at
least the completeness of it would be broken
up. Just now they want the use of some of
these plates; this is what the Secretary of the
Navy asked for, and it is perhaps all that we
had better do at the present time.
The resolution was reported to the Senate,
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
read the third time, .and passed.
bills introduced.
Mr. HARRIS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 127) in relation to the Amer-
ican Atlantic Cable Telegraph Company, of
New York; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Conwnittee on Commerce.
Mr. EDMUNDS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 419) repealing an „act entitled "An act
repealing certain provisions of law concerning
seamen on board public and private vessels of
the United States," approved June 28, 1864:
which was read twice by its title and referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. GUTHRIE asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 420) to revive and continue in force the
provisions of an act granting public lands in
alternate sections to the State of Mississippi
to aid in the construction of railroads in said
Stale, and for other purposes, approved Au-
gust 11, 1856 ; which was read twice by its title
and referred to the Committeeon Public Lands.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 128) in regard to contracts
in the quartermaster's department; which was
read twice by its title and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
arizona and sonora.
Mr. NESMITH submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent and agsged to;
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia bo instructed to inquire intothc clos-
ing of the route from the Arizona line to the port of
Guaymas, Sonora, Mexico, by the Liberal or by the
Imperial forces in Sonora, and into its effect upon
the industrial enterprises of Arizona, and the cost
of supplying the United States forces in that Terri-
tory, and to report thereon: and if any practical rem-
edy can be devised by which tho routocan bo opened
for the transportation of bullion and supplies.
Mr. NESMITH submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent and agreed to ;
Resolved, That the Secretary of State and the Sec-
retary of War be requested to communicate to the
Senate any information they may have in reference
to the seizure of property belonging to citizens of the
United States, residents of ArizonaTerritory. on the
road from the Arizona line to the port of Guaymas,
Sonora, Mexico, by armed bands of 'Mexicans; and
if said bands were organized upon United Statester-
ritory, and also any inloruiution in reference to the
alleged massacre of American citizens at Hermosillo,
Mexico, by armed Mexicans.
agricultural colleges.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move to take up for con-
sideration House bill No. 50.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 50) to amend the
fifth section of an act entitled "An act donat-
ing public lands to the several States and Ter-
ritories which may provide colleges for the
benefit of agriculture and the mechanic arts,"
approved July 2,1862, so as to extend the time
within which the provisions of said act shall
be accepted and such colleges established. It
proposes to extend the time in which the sev-
eral States may comply with the provisions of
the act of Joly 2, 1862, so that the acceptance
of the benefits of that act may be expressed
within three years from the passage of this
act, arid the colleges required by it may be
provided within five years from the date of
the filing of such acceptance with the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office. ■ But
the States now represented in Congress which
have not availed themselves of the grant of
lands contained in the act of July 2,1802, are
so to avail themselves of those benefits by
complying with the provisions of that act and
of this act, according to their present repre-
sentation in Congress; and when any Terri-
tory shall become a State and be admitted into
the Union, such new State shall be entitled to
the benefits of the act of July 2, 1862, by ex-
pressing the acceptance therein required within
three years from the date of its admission into
the Union, and providing the college or col-
leges within five years after such acceptance.
Any State which has heretofore expressed its
acceptance of the act shall have the period'of
