742
THE COJNTGEESSIOISTAL GLOBE.
February 8,
this rock I stand, firm as upon the earth be-
neath my feet, and the gates of hell shall not
prevail against it.
But, Mr. President, gentlemen ask us when
shall these States be restored. Not by my vote,
until all these constitutional guarantees are
placed utterly beyond all recall; not until the
leading traitors in this rebellion shall have been
punished, and shall have met the felon's doom.
Caius Marcius sent these words to the praetor
of JKome: "Tell theprjetorthat you saw Caius
Marcius sitting amid the ruins of Carthage."
I see Jefferson Davis sitting amid the ruins of
eleven devastated and desolated States; but he
was the artificer of this terrible ruin himself,
and I have no sympathy or compassion for him.
Mercy to him is cruelty to the Republic. Mercy
to him is an insult to your living heroes. Mercy
to him is a mockery of the dead. Justice re-
quires that lie should be punished, and pun-
ished sternly; and the rebels should be taught to
know now and forever that this is a Government
able to govern, capable of government, ready
to forgive, but, if needs be, ready to punish. I
believe that the cause of justice will not bo
thoroughly vindicated until some such example
is made; not that I have any vengeance or any
bitterness in my heart toward these people, but
my heart is too full of compassion and sym-
pathy and love for a bleeding Republic to en-
tertain magnanimous feelings toward the trai-
tors and enemies of the country.
But gentlemen ask us when shall this return
take place? 1 answer the question thus : when
the constitutional amendments shall all have
passed Congress, and been ratified by a com-
petent number of States; when the State legis-
lation shall bo conformed to the changed con-
dition of public atfairs; \v hen the colored man
shall be recognised as a citizen and as a man,
and his rights shall be protected; when the
Freedmen's Bureau bill shall have passed both
Houses, and been put in practical operation :
when the bill to preserve the rights of all the
citizens shall have received the sanction of the
President; when the State constitutions shall
have been ratified by the popular vote—then,
and not until then, shall l vote for the repre-
sentation of the rebel States; but to this declara-
tion I will make one or two exceptions.
I believe to-day, if 1 were called upon to vote
upon my oath and upon my conscience, 1 should
vote for the admission of the representatives
from Tennessee. J should do it on peculiar
reasons, not applicable to the people of the
rebel States generally. The loyal people of
Tennessee had organized their State govern-
ment without any interference from abroad;
their Legislature had mot, their constitutional
convention had assembled and had put in op-
eration a new constitution andall the machinery
of a State government complete prior to the
surrender of Lee, prior to the collapse of the
rebellion. They were in my opinion in a con-
stitutional relation to the United States, so far
as they could be under the circumstances, be-
fore the suppression of the rebellion and before
the surrender of Lee. I know something of the
history of that patriotic people. Those dwellers
of the mountains and sons of the mist, proudly
represented by President Andrew Johnson, of
eastern Tennessee, stood by the flag, faithful
among the faithless. They covered every rocky
ravine and mountain pass in Eastern Tennessee
with the imperishable glory of Thermopylae;
they in proportion to population furnished a
larger number of troops to the Army than any
Other people. Every single man elected to either
branch of Congress from Tennessee can take
the oath prescribed by the Congress of the Uni-
ted States. Three or four of them have borne
the flag of the country in the very forefront of
battle; twoofthem bearwounds on their bodies,
the evidence of their patriotism.
I should vote to admit Tennessee if she stood
alone to-day. _I am prepared to do it. There
is an organization in Arkansas, looking to me
very much like a legal organization, recognized
by President Lincoln, recognized by President
Johnson, having all the attributes of State life
and State organization, and I am not sure but
that I should vote for it. When I am prepared
to admit that the condition of any State is such
as to entitle them to representation, I shall
vote to admit their members, and lest I may be
misunderstood I say now that when any rep-
resentative is called to that desk in the pres-
ence of God and these Senators, if he falters in
taking the test o.ath, he is no Senator by vote
of mine.
But, Mr. President, not to detain the Senate
longer, I hope that the time will speedily come
when with all these guarantees and safeguards
thrown around the loyal men and the freedmen
of the South we may be permitted to hail them
again as brothers, and to permit their parti-
cipation in the councils of the nation. The
storm cloud of war which so long has lowered
over and darkened the land, excluding almost
every star of hope, is now, thank God, spanned
by the bow of peace and of promise, giving as-
surance that hereafter the rushing red tide of
war shall no more deluge the land in blood.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President 
Mr. DOOfjITTLE. If the Senator from
Maryland will yield, I will move an executive
session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope we may not go
into executive session now. I desire to dispose
of the Freedmen's Bureau bill, which has come
back from the House of Representatives. I
wish to bring that matter before the Senate.
Mr. GUTHRIE. I hope the bill referred to
by the Senator from Illinois will not be taken
up. I want to say a word for old Kentucky
against the imputations that have been cast
upon her.
Mr..JOIINSON. I will yield the floor to the
honorable Senator from Kentucky if he desires
to speak now.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Oh, no; he wants to
speak on the Freedmen's Bureau bill, I under-
stand, whenever it shall come up.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am in the hands of the
Senate and willing to proceed now.
The PRES1DING OFFICER. This Senator
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My friend will allow
me to say a word. I do not wish to interfere
at all with the course of proceedings now. If
he desires to speak to-morrow, I shall of course
make no objection; but I wish to say simply
that it is important to act. upon this measure at,
some time, and if we go on making one speech
a day on I he subject, and then going into exec-
utive session or doing something else, it is not
very likely that we shall act on the resolution
until the Legislatures of the several States have
adjourned. Although I do not desire to inter-
fere particularly with the course of things at
this moment, I must express the desire that
hereafter we may be prepared to go on with the
debate and occupy the ordinary tune of the
Sena!" until the usual hour of adjournment, by
the addresses of such members as choose to
express iheir views on the subject. After to-
day 1 shall, with the leave of the Senate, if not
disagreeable, ask that the ordinary time of the
daih session, at least, may be taken up in the
discussion of this subject when we begin upon
it each day.
Mr. JOHNSON. I certainly shall do noth-
ing now or at any time to delay a decision of
the Senate on this amendment. I am perfectly
willing to go on now, or wait until to-morrow.
Mr.'TRUMBULL. If the Senator from Mary-
land will allow me, as he has the floor on this
resolution, if he will give me the floor, f will
move to take up another subject, and let, him
go on to-morrow.
Mr. .JOHNSON. I have no objection to
that; but. before giving the Senator the floor,
I move that the joint resolution before the
Senate be postponed until to-morrow at one
o'clock.
Several Senators. The Senator from Ken-
tucky desires to speak now.
Other SnxAToas. No; on another bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is upon the motion of the Senator from
Maryland to postpone the joint resolution until
to-morrow at one o'clock.
Mr. JOHNSON. And to make it the special
order for that hour.
The motion was agreed to.
message from tiie house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPijersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill iH. R. No. 85)
for the disposal of the public lands for home-
stead actual settlement in the States of Ala-
bama, Mississippi, Louisiana, Arkansas, and
Florida, in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate.
enrolled bills signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed the following enrolled bill and joint
resolutions; which were thereupon signed by
the President pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 86) granting the franking priv-
ilege to Mary Lincoln;
A joint resolution (S. 11. No. 20) extending
the time for the completion of the Burlington
and Missouri Ri\er railioad; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 26) for the pay-,
mcnt of expenses incurred by the joint com-
mittee to inquire into the condition of the States
which formed the so-called confederate States
of America.
freedmen's bureau.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am instructed by the
Committee on the Judiciary to report back the
bill (S. No. 60) to enlarge the powers of the
Freedmen's Bureau, with the amendment of the
House of Representatives, with the recommen-
dation that the Senate concur in the House
amendment, with certain amendments, which
I send to the Chair. 1 move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of this subject at
this time.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senate will give
me their attention, I will endeavor to state what
the difference is between the bill as it passed
the Senate and the substitute for the bill which
is sent to us from the House of Representatives,
and what the amendments proposed by the com-
mittee are. The House of Representatives have
adopted a substitute for the whole bill, but it,
is the Senate bill verbatim, with a few excep-
tions, which I will endeavor to point out. The
title of the bill has been changed, to begin with.
It was called as it passed the Senate "A bill
to enlarge the powers of the Freedmen's Bu-
reau." The House has amended the title so
as to make it read, "A bill to amend an act
entitled ' An act to establish a Bureau for the
Relief of Freedmen and Refugees," and tor other
purposes.'' Of course there is no importance
in that.
The first amendment which the House has
made, and the moJ important one, will bo
found to commence in the eighth line of the
first section. The House has inserted words
limiting the operation of the Freedmen's Bu-
reau to those sections of country within which
the writ of ihabeas corpus was suspended on
the 1st day of February, 1866. As the bill
passed the Senate, it will be remembered that
it extended to refugees and freedmen in all
parts of the. United States, and the President
was authorized to divide the section of country
containing such refugees and freedmen into
districts. The House amend that so as to au-
thorize the President to divide the section of
country within which the privilege of the writ
of habeas corpus was suspended on the 1st day
of February, 18GG, containing such refugees
and freedmen, into districts. The writ of habeas
corpus on the 1st day of February last was sus-
pended in the late rebellious States, including
Kentucky, and in none other. The writ of
habeas corpus was restored by the President's
proclamation in Maryland, in Delaware, and in
Missouri, all of which have been slaveholding
States.
As the bill passed the Senate, it will be ob-
served it only extended to refugees and freed-
men in the United States, wherever they might
be, and the President was authorized to divide
