1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3727
live years within which to provide at least one
college, as described in the fourth section of
that act, after the time for providing that col-
lege, according to the act of Jul}' 2, 1802, shall
have expired.
The Committee on Public Lands reported the
bill with two amendments. The first amend-
ment was in line thirteen, after the word ''of-
fice," to strike out the following proviso :
Prowled, That the States now represented in Con-
<r- which have not availed themselves of the errant
of binds contained in the said act of July 2,1862, he,
_ and they arc hereby, entitled to so avail themselves
of the benefits thereof by complying with the provis-
ions of the said act and of this act, according to their
present representation in Congress.
The amendment, was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was
in line nineteen to strike out the word "further"
after the word "provided."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to- the Senate as
amended ; the amendments were concurred in
and ordered to bo engrossed, and the bill to be
read a third time. The bill was read the third
time and passed.
METROPOLITAN MIXING COMPANY.
Mr. WADE. I move to take up Senate bill
No. 178.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 178) to incor-
porate the Metropolitan Mining and Manufac-
turing Company.
Mr. WADE. I move to amend the bill by
striking out the sixth section and inserting as
a substitute the following :
And be it farther enacted. That the president and
directors are hereby empowered and fully authorized
on behalf of the said company to carry on the busi-
ness of mining iron ore and other native minerals,
and manufacturing and preparing the same for
market; and to purchase and hold by deed for a
term or in fee-simple, sueli real estate and other
property within the District of Columbia and tl>c
State of Virginia as mnv be necessary arid proper
for the purposes aforesaid; and to issue bonds, not
exceeding one half of the capital stock, upon such
terms as may bo deemed for the best interests ot the
comnjny: Provirfpfl, Thatno bond shall be issued for
a less sum than 8100, or bearing interest at arate ex-
ceeding six percent, per annum.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as am ended
and the amendments made as in Committee of
the Whole were concurred in. The bill 'was
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
was read the third time, and passed.
ELECTION' OF SKXATORS.
Mr. CLARK. I move now to take up for
consideration the bill (S. No. 414) to regu!a,te
the times and manner of holding elections for
Senators in Congress.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read the second time and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It provides that the
Legislature of each State which shall be chosen
next preceding the expiration of the time for
which any Senator was elected to represent the
State in Congress, shall, on the secondTuesday
after the meeting thereof, proceed to elect a
Senator in Congress, in the room of such Sen-
ator so going ont of office, in the following
manner: each House shp.ll openly, by a viva
voce vote of each member present, name one
person for Senator in Cor-gress, and the name
of the person so voted for, who shall have a
majority of the whole number of votes cast in
each House shall be entered on the Journal of
each House by the clerk or secretary thereof;
. but if either House shall fail to give such ma-
jority to any person on that day, that fact shall
be entered on the Journal. At twelve o'clock
meridian, of the day following, the^ members
of the two Houses shall convene in joint assem-
bly and the Journal of each House shall then be
read, and if the same person shall have received
a majority of all the votes in each House, such
person shall be declared duly elected Senator
to represent the State in the Congress of the
Cnited States; but if the same person shall not
have received a majority of the votes in each
House, or if either House shall have failed to
Saktf nrooecdin^s as required by the act, the
joint assembly shall then proceed to choose, by
a viva voce vote of each member present, a
Senator, and the person having a majority of all
the votes of the joint assembly, a majority of
all the members elected to both Houses being
present and voting, shall be declared duly
elected; and in case no person shall receive
such majority tfn the first vote, the joint assem-
bly shall continue to vote for Senator, without
interruption by other business, until a Senatpr
shall be elected.
Whenever, on the meeting of the Legislature
of any State, a vacancy shall exist in the rep-
resentation of the State in the Senate of the
United States, the Legislature shall proceed, on
the second Tuesday after the commencement
of its session, to elect a person to fill such va-
cancy, in the manner provided for the election
of a Senator for a full term; and if a vacancy
shall happen during the session of the Legisla-
ture, then on the second Tuesday after the
Legislature shall have notice thereof.
It is also provided that it shall be the duty
of the Governor of the State from which any
Senator shall have been chosen to certify his
election, under the seal of the State, to the
President .of the Senate of the United States,
which certificate shall be countersigned by the
secretary of state of the State.
Mr. CLARK. The object of this bill is_to
secure uniformity in the manner of electing
Senators of the United States, that we may
avoid the questions and differences that have
sometimes existed. The bill provides that the
Legislature chosen next preceding the expira-
tion of a senatorial term, shall, on the second
Tuesday of its session, each House by itself,
vote for some person to represent the State in
the Senate by viva voce vote, and shall enter
upon the records the name of the person who
shall have a majority in each House. On the
next day of the session the two Houses are to
assemble in joint convention, and if it be found
that the same person has been chosen by the
two Houses he is then the Senator; but if the
two Houses have not selected the same person
by the vote of each House then the two Houses,
in joint convention, are to proceed to baHot for
a Senator, and to continue so to do until they
have chosen. It provides first for an attempt
to elect by a concurrent vote of the two Houses;
and if the two Houses fail to do it, then they
meet the next day in joint convention, and by
joint ballot elect. I think this statement em-
braces the provisions of the bill, its object is
to secure uniformity in the election of Senators
in all the States. It has been reported from the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would suggest to the
Senator whs called up this bill that one pro-
vision of it may lead to trouble. It provides
that the Legislature "shall, on the second
Tuesday after the meeting thereof, proceed^ to
elect a Senator in Congress." It not unfre-
quently happens—it has happened, I think,
twice or three times in my own State—that the
Legislature does not succeed in organizing until
several weeks after the regularly appointed day
for the meeting. In my State that arose from
the fact—and I ask my colleague whether the
constitution has ever been changed in that
particular, for I am not aware that it has been—
that our constitution required the Senators in
the Legislature to be elected by a majority of
votes. It has happened twice within my recol-
lection that a majority of the Senate, which
by the constitution constitutes a quorum, was
not elected by the people at the general elec-
tion, and consequently for several weeks after
the Legislature met there was a difficulty in
organizing. It was so, I know, in the year
1853 or 1854. The bill says that the Legisla-
ture shall proceed to elect on the second Tues-
day "after the meeting thereof."
Mr. CLARK. Say "meeting and organi-
zation."
Mr. FESSfiNDEN. Very well, thatwill do ;
but I had proposed to put in "organization"
i simply, instead of "'meeting." I tlunk the
! amendment suggested by the Senator from
i New Hampshire would entirely cover the ease.
Mr. CLARK. I move to amend the bill in
that particular by inserting the words "and
organization" after "meeting," in the sixth
line of the first section; so as to read, "after
the meeting and organization thereof."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I see that this bill, as
reported by the committee, provides that all
elections of Senators by the Legislatures shall
be by viva voce vote. That changes the mode
of proceeding in several sections of the coun-
try, and provides specifically what may not be
satisfactory to some persons who have been
accustomed to a different mode of proceeding.
I think, in New England, there is no such
thing as a viva voce vote in the election of
officers by a Legislature.
Mr. ANTHONY. There is in our State.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is not so in Maim;
it is not so in New Hampshire, and it is not
so, I think, in Vermont or Massachusetts or
Connecticut. I do not know how many other
States are in the same category. It is gener-
ally considered that the ballot is a more free
and unembarrassed mode of voting. I doubt
very much whether requiring the adoption of
this mode of proceeding by viva voce vote will
be satisfactory to some sections of the country
where the}' have been accustomed to a different
mode.
I suggest this to the consideration of the
Senate ; and I shall propose to amend the bill
by leaving that matter to the Legislatures, un-
less very good reasons can be given to the
contrary. If the committee have considered
the question and have come to the conclusion
that the best mode is that which they have
reported, I should like to hear their reasons,
and I may be persuaded to let it go so. I
have no choice myself about it; I simply speak
with reference to what has been the ordinary
custom, I think, in most of the States, and
merely mean to express a doubt whether the
mode of voting had not better be left to the
Legislatures themselves.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This bill was very care-
fully considered in the committee, and that
very question was talked over. The commit-
tee were aware that there was a difference in
this respect in the different States. I think most
of the new States, so far as I am acquainted
all the western States, elect by a viva voce vote.
The reason that is given for it there, and it
has always struck me with considerable force,
is that the members of a Legislature act in a
representative capacity and their constituents
have a right to know how they vote. They are
acting for their constituency. Then there is
this additional reason : it prevents any decep-
tion or cheating by putting in false ballots or
double ballots or anything of that kind. Where
each person's name is called and he responds
how lie votes, every member of the body knows
and the constituency know how each repre-
sentative votes. Upon principle it would seem
that, they ought to have that right. It is desir-
able to have the practice uniform, and that is
the very object of the bill. It occurred to the
committee that there could not be any serious
objection to voting in this way, and, indeed, i o
objection except such as would grow out of a
former practice. e are all a little wedded
to our habits and customs and ways of doing
business ; but, outside of that, it was thought
by the committee that it would be much better
to make the mode of voting uniform.
I will say further, that the committee were
unanimous in regard to this bill. It is a bill
the want of which has been felt ever since I
have been a member of Congress whenever a
contested election has arisen ; and sueli cases
have most frequently arisen out of the dilfi- j
culty of the two Houses of a Legislature meet-
ing together. It has always been considered
desirable that Congress^ should pas_s some law
on the subject? and T think the Judiciary Com-
mittee, of which I have been a member for the
last eight or ten years, in discussing this matter
have always agreed that it was desirable that
Congress should pass some law on the subject
and avoid those contests (hat arise from tho
