1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
r m
the region of country containing such refugees
and freedmen, and it had no operation except
in States where there were refugees and freed-
men. The House has limited it so that it will
not have operation in Maryland or Delaware
or Missouri or any of the northern States.
The next amendment which was made in the
House was in the third line of the second sec-
tion. Ttread: " That the Commissioner, with
the approval of the President, may divide each
district into a number of sub-districts." The
House amend that by making it read in this
form: "That the Commissioner, with the ap-
proval of the President, and when the same
shall be necessary for the operations of the
bureau." I do not think the alteration at ail
material.
The House has also amended another clause
in the same section, so as to limit the number
of clerks and their pay. The House also at-
tached a proviso to the third section defining
who were suffering persons, in these words:
That no person shall bo deemed "destitute," " suf-
fering," or "dependent upon the Government for sup-
port."within the meaninsot' this act, who, being able
to find employment, could by proper industry and
exertion avoid such destitution., sulleiiiig, or depend-
ence.
They also inserted the word 1' former'' before
"owner" in the eighth lino of the fifth seel ion,
which perhaps does not aller the meaning, and
they attached a proviso to the fifLh section, in
these words:
Provided, That whenever the owners of lands occu-
pied under General Sherman'sfield order shall make
application tor restoration of said lands, theCommis-
sioncr is hereby authorized, upon the agreement and
with the written consent of said occupants, to pro-
cure other lands for them by rent or purchase, not
exceeding forty acies for cach occupant, or to eet
apart for them, out of the public lands assigned for
that purpose m section four of this bill, forty acres
each, upon the teims and conditions named in said
Section.
The House also amended the sixth section,
beginning with the word "but" in the seventh
line. That is the section which relates to the
purchase of lands for refugees and freedmen.
The House make it read:
But no such purchase shall be made, nor contract
for the same entered into, nor other expense incui i ed,
until after appropriations shall have been piovided
by Consrcss'tor such purposes. And no payments
shall be made for land* purchased under this section,
except for asylums and schools, from any moneys not
specifically appropriated therefor.
The effect of thai amendment is to limit and
restrict the operation of the bill. As it passed
the Senate the purchases could be made out
of any moneys appropriated for the general
purposes of the bureau. As amended by the
House of Representatives the purchase can
only be made after appropriations shall have
been provided by Congress for the purpose,
and no lands can be purchased except from
moneys specifically appropriated therefor. It
limits the operation of it.
In the seventh section the operation of the
bill is limited to those States in which the writ
of habeas corpus was suspended. As it passed
the Senate it was general. The amendment
is in the third line of the seventh section where
the House inserted after "rebellion" the words
"and in which the privilege of the writ of
habeas corpus was suspended on the 1st day
of February, 18G6.'' As it passed the Senate
the bill operated generally wherever the judi-
cial authorities had been overborne by the re-
bellion.
There is also a slight amendment in the sev-
enth section, thirteenth line. That is the sec-
tion which declares that negroes and mulattoes
shall have the same civil rights as white per-
sons, and have the same security of person and
estate. The House have inserted these words,
"including the constitutional right of bearing
arms." I think that does not alter the meaning.
They have also struck out of this section, in
line seventeen, the words " except as a punish-
ment for crime whereof the party shall have
been duly convicted." I do not think that those
words have any material effect whether they are
out or in the section.
In section eight the House has limited the op-
eration of the bill by inserting the words '' and in
which the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus
was suspended on the 1st day of February,
1868.'' These words are twice inserted in that
section, so as to limit the operation of the bill
to those States where the writ of habeas corpus
was suspended.
In line twenty-live of section eight the House
has inserted after the word "this" the words
" and the preceding section," so that the juris-
diction conferred by this section and the pre-
ceding section on the officers and agents of the
bureau are to cease and determine whenever
the discrimination on account of which it is
conferred ceases.
These, I believe, are all the changes of the
Senate bill. The Committee on the J udieiary
have considered the subject, and recommend
to the Senate that the Senate concur in the
amendment of the House with only one sub-
stantial exception. There are two or three
formal ones.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first
amendment recommended by the" committee
will be read.
The Secretary read the first amendment,
which was in section one, line eight, of the
amendment of the House of Representatives,
after the word "country" to strike out the
words "within which the privileges of the writ
of habeas corpus was suspended on the 1st day
of February, 1806 so that it will read :
That the act to establish a Bureau fortheltelief of
Freedmen and Piei usees, apnrovcd!larch3,1805,shall
continue in force until otherwise provided by law,
and shallextend to refugees and it eedinen in all paits
ot the United States, and the President may divide
the section of country containing such refugees and
treedmcn into districts, &c.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to explain the
effect of the amendments recommended by the
Judiciary Committee. The Judiciary Commit-
tee rccommend a concurrence with the House
with this exception. We propose to strike out
of the House amendment the limitation which
the House lias put upon the operation of the
bill. The effect of the amendment of the House
is to prevent the operation of tbe bureau in
Maryland, Delaware, Missouri, and in some of
the olher States. That is the only important
amendment which the Judiciary Committee
recommend. They recommend a verbal amend-
ment in the fifth section which it is unnecessary
to explain until wc come to it. All the other
amendments are verbal. I think there are two
or three other verbal amendments. Cut the
only substantial disagreement which the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary recommend with the
House proposition is the one to strike out this
limitation and leave the bill in that respect as
it passed the Seuale.
1 wish to say upon that point that the bill as
it passed the Senate can have no operation
except in regions of country where there are
refugees and freedmen. It is confined to those
districts of country, and it could not have oper-
ation in most of the loyal States. But it is de-
sirable, as 1 am informed, and it was so stated
by one of the Senators from Maryland, that the
operations of this bill should be extended to
Maryland. It may be necessary that it should
be extended to Missouri, and possibly to Dela-
ware. I trust not; but the authority to extend
it there ought to exist if there should be occa-
sion for it. The only objection I have to lim-
iting the operation of the bill to the late slave-
holding States is that I think it bad legislation,
when we are endeavoring to break down dis-
crimination and distinction, to pass a law which
is to operate in one State of the Union and not
in another. I would rather that the law should
be general, although I am fully aware that
there is nothing for the law to operate upon in
most of the States of the Union. I do not feel
quite willing to vote upon Kentuckj*, for in-
stance, a law that I am not willing to have ap-
plicable to the State of Illinois, it such a state
of facts exists as that the law can operate in
Illinois. 1 prefer, therefore, to have the bill m
the shape m which it passed the Senate, and
such was the opinion of the Committee on the
Judiciary.
I submit to the Presiding Officer whether the
question upon these amendments will bo one
question or several. Wo recommend the adop-
tion of the House amendment with ccrtain
amendments. Will they bo considered sep-
arately ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark.)
Separately, the Chair thinks.
Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. President, I do not
mean to attempt to travel over the whole sub-
ject of this bill. I rose, in the first instance,
because of the imputation the Senator from
Indiana [Mr. Lane] chose to cast upon the
loyalty of Kentucky. I will say to that Sena-
tor that he does not know Kentucky; that she
is not in the hands of rebels, and never has
been. A truer and more loyal people to the
Union of these States never existed, and she
has testified it throughout this whole war. That
there have been rebels and disloyal persons in
the Stateof Kentucky I do not pretendto deny;
but what State in the Union is there that has
not contained some men who were false to their
Government ? The Senator from Indiana, once
a Iventuckian, is a Kentuckian no longer. He
does not know the people of Kentucky or their
sentiments. I stood in Kentucky during this
long contest, apart of the time in the very midst
of the strife, and almost in the midst of the war,
and I know that Kentucky is loyal to the core,
and since we changed the government from the
existing Governor at the time the difficulties
were breaking out, we have always had a loyal
Governor and a loyal Legislature, and we have
at this day. There are-some local differences
about men, and different men may have their
friends, and they may defeat or postpone an
election. They did postpone the election when
I was sent here; but there was no disloyalty
that caused the postponement. There was no
disloyalty that caused the postponement last
year. You cannot trust a better people, a more
loyal people, or a people who have made more
sacrifices for this Union than the people of
Kentucky; but, gentlemen, you will pardon me
for saying it, you treat tliem as though they
were rebels, and upoii false information you are
led to believe it. It is an unpleasant thing to
be told by gentlemen that we come from a
disloyal State, and that they are not willing to
listen to us, nor give us a fair hearing in the
decision of questions here. But, sir, we were
sent here to help the Government to the best
of our ability and judgment, and no distrust
shall make us fail in our duty.
Let me say to you, Senators, that you made
a sad mistake when you raised the committee
of fifteen. That, was the foundation of post-
poning the acknowledgment of these southern
! States. ' You will have to acknowledge these
States and let them in, or you will have to do
worse. It is not worth while to speculate as to
what will be the consequences. Yrou have pro-
vided in this Freedmen's Bureau bill and another
bill for governing them for five or twenty years
as provinces, to be governed^ by military men,
and military judges are provided, from whose
decisions there is no appeal, with no provision
for a jury, and the judgment of the officer of
the Freedmcn's Bureau is to be the sole meas-
ure of damages. Our experience in Kentucky
is that the Freedmen'a Bureau is a system for
plundering the people. Wo know an instance
where a man declared that it was too much
power to give to anyone, but he was living upon
the country there and he intended that his books
should show a balance. What is to be done
with the fines that are imposed and collected
by this bureau ? This bill does not say. They
are to go into the pockets of these officers;
they have gone into their pockets in Kentucky;
and hence, during this war, wehavebeen plun-
dered by Federal officers who have arrested our
people and compelled them to pay large lines to
be released, and we have been plundered by the
rebels when they invaded our State. AYe have
suffered all this, and our patriotism and our
, loyalty have endured through all these evils.
You have not treated Kentucky as a member
• of this Union, and this very bill shows the pre-
! jndiees that exist against her. Kentucky is
the only loyal State that is selected by the bill,
: as it comes from the House, for this system of
