2768
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
this section of the amendment in the commit-
tee. I do not believe, if adopted, it will be of
any practical benefit to the country. It will not
prevent rebels ffom voting for members of the
several State Legislatures. A rebel,, notwith-
standing this clause, may vote for a member
of the State Legislature. The State Legisla-
ture may be made up entirely of disloyal ele-
ments, in consequence of being elected by a
rebel constituency. That Legislature when
assembled has the right, under the Constitu-
tion, to appoint presidential electors itself if
it shall choose to do so, and to refuse to refer
that question to the people. It is the right
of every State. It is very probable that the
power of the rebel States would be used in
exactly that way. We should therefore gain
nothing as to the election of the next or any
future President of the United States. Rather
than this, I should prefer a clause prohibiting
all persons who' have participated in the rebel-
lion, and who were over twenty-five years of
age at the breaking out of the rebellion, from
all participation in offices, either Federal or
State, throughout the United States. I think
such a provision would be a benefit to the
nation. It would ostracize the great mass of
the intelligent and really responsible leaders
of the rebellion.
Mr. CLARK. I will state to the Senator
that I have drawn an amendment something
of this kind, which I will read, to see how it
would meet his view, if he will permit me at
this time:
That no person shall be a Senator or Representa-
tive in Congress or permitted to hold any office under
the Government of the United States who, having
previously taken an oath to support the Constitution
thereof, shall have voluntarily engaged in any insur-
rection or rebellion against the united States, or
given aid or comfort thereto.
That would exclude all those who had taken
an oath to support the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, thereby acknowledged their alle-
giance to that Government, and had proved
false to that oath by joining the rebellion.
Mr. HOWARD. I am by no means sure
that I should not be quite willing to support
such an amendment as that suggested by the
honorable Senator from New Hampshire.
Air. JOHNSON. Will the honorable mem-
ber from New Hampshire inform me whether
he proposes to offer that as an amendment?
Air. CLARK. That was my idea in drawing it.
Air. HOWARD. The fourth section of this
amendment declares that—
Neither the United States nor any State shall assume
or pay any debt or obligation already incurred, or
which may hereafter be incurred, in aid of insurrec-
tion or of war against the United States, or any claim
for compensation for loss of involuntary service or
labor.
I take it for granted that no member of this
body would oppose the adoption of this section
of the amendment. I do not believe the peo-
ple of the United States will object to declaring
that the whole of the rebel debt shall be eter-
nally repudiated and extinguished—a debt con-
tracted iu the prosecution of the most wicked
war with which the earth was ever cursed,
against a Government that was never felt by
them except in the benefits it conferred. Such
a debt can never be assumed or paid by the
loyal people of the United States, and if suf-
fered to remain in quasi existence it can only
be left in that condition as a subject of political
squabbling and party wrangling.
The assumption of the rebel debt would be
the last and final signal for the destruction of
the nation known as the United States of Amer-
ica. Vv hatever party may succeed in so wicked
a scheme, by whatever name it may be called
and under whatever false guises or pretenses
it may operate, if it succeed in assuming this
indebtedness, puts an end first to the credit of
the Government, and then, as an unavoidable
consequence, to the Government itself. I do
not propose to spend time upon this branch of
the subject. I simply refer to it as a necessity
of such magnitude as in my judgmentto demand
our action and the action of the States of the
Union without delay. It is necessary to act,
to extinguish this debt, to put it beyond the
pale of party controversy, to put it out of sight,
and to bury it so deep that it can never again
be raised to life in such manner as to become
a theme of party discussion. The amount of
that debt is probably not less than five billion
dollars. We do not know its exact amount,
and I am not sure that it is possible ever to
ascertain it; butjf there should ever be a fair
prospect of its assumption by the United States
or by the States it is perfectly certain that the
evidences of it would multiply thicker than the
leaves in Vallombrosa. Those evidences are
a great curiosity in the history of commercial
affairs. I hold in my hand a specimen of the
confederate currency. I will read it for the
information of Senators and to give it a per-
manent registration among our proceedings :
Richmond, December 1,1862.
No. 81413.
Six months after tho ratification of a treaty of
peace between the Confederate States and theUnited
States of America, the Confederate States of America
will pay to the bearer on demand 8100.
Signed by the Treasurer and countersigned by the
Begister of the Confederate States of America, at
1'^chmond.
Such is the kind of commercial security up0n
which the rebellion was chiefly waged against
us. The confederacy issued its promises pay-
able six rnqnths after a treaty of peace should
be ratified between these States and the United
States. I hardly think that in a lawyer's office
that would be regarded as negotiable paper. I
doubt very much whether the bearer of such a
security would be able to sue upon it, even in
a court of South Carolina. It is payable not
exactly upon the happening.of a contingency,
but upon the happening of what is and ever will
be a total impossibility. "Six months after a
treaty of peace." Itisnotyetdue, and of course
never will become due. It was never expected
to become due by any man who had a thimble-
full of brains; but was used as part of that vast
system of humbug, deception, and imposture
by which the southern people were deluded.
Their bogus government never expected to
pay it.
Sir, the peace of the country ought not to be
disturbed or jeoparded by the agitation of any
such question as the assumption of the rebel
debt. It becomes the character and dignity
of the Government, which has spent so much
of treasure and blood in putting down this
wicked rebellion, to give an assurance to the
people of the United States, whether loyal or
disloyal, and to all the people of the civilized
world, that this rebel debt thus contracted is
never to be paid, that it shall never be recog-
nized as the foundation of any claim or any
contract whatever: and such an assurance will
be also an especial compensation to the hold-
ers of the "cotton loan" in England, which
has created so much sensation both on the
other side of the Atlantic and on this. I con-
fess I am not without a little anxiety on this
point. I wish to give those martyrs to the
cause of the '' confederate States of America,"
those who so generously lent that mushroom
government their cold cash upon the promises
contained in the cotton bonds, a final assur-
ance as to the real value of their securities, and
that they are never to look to the United States
or to any State of the Union for indemnity on
account of moneys advanced by them in the
piratical scheme of destroying the Government
of the United States. Sir, I do not believe in
paying traitors, nor do I believe in indemnify-
ing men abroad who, with their eyes open and
a malignity in their heart beyond all parallel,
gave them aid and comfort. Nor do I see the
propriety of keeping this question open before
the country, and euabling the foreign holders
of cotton bonds to keep the political atmos-
phere of this country in a turmoil for the future
with a view ultimately of getting their pay from
somebody. It is time for us to put our hands
upon this whole thing and to extinguish all
hope.
The next clause is a very simple one. I have
already remarked upon it; and shall spend
no more time upon it. It gives to Congress
power t^enforce by appropriate legislation all
the provisions of this article of amendment.
Without this clause, no power is granted to
Congress by the amendment or any one of its
sections. It casts upon Congress the responsi-
bility of seeing to it, for the future, that all the
section; of the amendment are carried out in
good faith, and that no State infringes the
rights of persons or property. I look upon
this clause as indispensable for the reason that
it thus imposes upon Congress this power and
this duty. It enables Congress, in ease the
States shall enact laws in conflict with the
principles of the amendment, to correct that
legislation by a formal congressional enact-
ment.
Mr. WADE. I move to amend the joint
resolution by striking out all after the word
'' article'' in line eight, and substituting the
proposition which'I send to the Chair to be
read.
The Secretary read the words proposed to be
inserted, as follows:
Sec. 1. No State shall make or enforce any law
which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of
persons born in the United States or naturalized by
the laws thereof; nor shall any State deprive any
person of life, liberty, or property without due pro-
cess of law; nor deny to any person within its juris-
diction the equal protection of the laws.
Sec. 2. No c.ass of persons as to the right of any of
whom to suffrage discrimination shall be made, by
any State, shall be included in the basis of represen-
tation, unless such discrimination be in virtue of im-
partial qual ifications founded on intelligence or prop-
erty, or because of alienage, or for participation in
rebellion or other crime.
Sec. 3. The public debtof the United States, includ-
ing all debts or obligations which have been or may
hereafter be incurred in suppressing insurrection or
in carrying on war in defense of the Union, or for
payment of bounties or pensions incident to such war
and provided for bylaw, shall be inviolable. But
debts or obligations which have been or may hereaf-
ter beincurred in aid of insurrection or of war against
the United States, and claims of compensation for
loss of involuntary service or labor, shall not be as-
sumed or paid by any State nor by the United States.
Sec. 4. The Congress shall have power tocnforce by
appropriate legislation the provisions of this article.
Mr. WADE. I do not rise now for the pur-
pose of arguing this question at any length;
and it is with very great deference that I offer
an amendment to'the proposition reported by
the committee who have had this particular
subject under consideration so long. I know
that they are infinitely more competent than I
am to deal with it; but there are so many con-
flicting views in regard to this whole matter,
and it is so vitally important to the interests of
the country that we get the proposition upon
which we shall unite as near right as we can,
that after all it seems to me to be proper that
every Senator who believes he can by possi-
bility improve the plan which has been brought
forward by the, committee should offer his
amendment for the consideration of the body.
I do not know that the proposition which I
have now submitted will be deemed an im-
provement upon what they have brought for-
ward ; but nevertheless there are some things
in it that appear to me to be better, and an
improvement upon their report.
In the first section of the proposition of tho
committee, the word "citizen" is used. That
is a term about which there has been a good
deal of uncertainty in our Government. The
courts have stumbled on the subject, and even
here, at this session, that, question has been up
and it is still regarded by some as doubtful.
I regard it as settled by the civil rights bill,
and, indeed, in my judgment, it was settled
before. I have always believed that every per-
son, of whatever race or color, who was born
within the United States was a citizen of the
United States; but by the decisions of the
courts there has been a doubt thrown over that
subject; and if the Government should fall
into the hands of those who are opposed to
the views that some of us maintain, those who
have been accustomed to take a different view
of it, they may construe tho provision in such
a way as we do not think it liable to construc-
tion at this time, unless we fortify and make
it very strong and clear. If wo do not do so
