1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2769
there may be danger that when party spirit
runs high, it may receive a very different con-
struction from that which we would now put
upon it. I find that gentlemen doubt upon
that subject, and I think it is very easy now to
solve that doubt and put the question beyond
all cavil for the present and for the future.
In the first clause of the amendment which
I have submitted, I strike out the word '' citi-
zens," and require the States to give equal
rights and protection of person and property to
all persons born in the United States or natu-
ralized under the laws thereof. That seems to
mo to put the question beyond all doubt.
The-Senator from Maine suggests to me,
in an undertone, that persons may be born iu
the United States and yet not be citizens of
the United States. Most assuredly they would
be citizens of the United States unless they
went to another country and expatriated them-
selves, if thpy could do so bj' being adopted in
that other country by Some process of natural-
ization that I know nothing about; for I be-
lieve the countries of Europe—certainly it is
so in England—have always held that a per-
son born within the realm cannot expatriate
himself and become a citizen of any other
country or owe allegiance to any other coun-
try. I think, then, the first section of my
amendment covers the whole ground.
Mr. h'ESSENJDEN. Suppose a person is
born here of parents from abroad temporarily
in this country.
Mr. WADE. The Senator says aperson may
be born here and not be a citizen. I know that
is so in one instance, in the case of the children
of foreign ministers who reside "near'1 the Uni-
ted States,in the diplomatic language. By a fic-
tion of law such persons are not supposed to be
residing here, and under that fiction of lav.' their
children would not be citizens of the United
States, although born in Washington. 1 agree
to that, but my answer to the suggestion is that
that is a simple matter, for it could hardly be
applicable to more than two or three or four per-
sons ; and it would be best not to alter the law
for that case. I will let it come under that
well-known maxim of the law, ds minimis lex
non curat. It would make no difference in the
result. I think it better to put this question
beyond all doubt and all eavil by a very sim-
ple process, such as is the language of the first
section of the amendment I have offered. I
do not know that the corresponding section re-
ported by the committee would leave the matter
very doubtful; but that which I have proposed
is beyond all doubt and all cavil now and here-
after, and it is as easy to adopt it as it is the
other. I regard it as an improvement, and
therefore I think it ought to be adopted.
The second section is in regard to the ap-
portionment of representation; and here I like
the provision I have proposed better than the
corresponding one of the committee. There
is no doubt or cavil about it; and it contains
some elements which I think make it entirely
preferable to the other proposition. There
are some reasons, and many believe there are
good reasons, for restricting universal suffrage,
and upon such principles as not to justify the
inflicting of a punishment or penalty upon a
State which adopts restricted suffrage. It is
already done in some of the New England
States—in Massachusetts, for instance. I be-
lieve the constitution of that State restricts
the right of suffrage to persons who can read
the Constitution of the United States and write
their names. I am not prepared to say that
that is not a wise restriction. At all events, a
State has the right to try that experiment; but i
if she tries it, under the report of the committee !
she must lose, in the proportion that she has j
such persons among her inhabitants, her repre- !
sentation in Congress. I do not think that ought j
to be so. I think we should leave the subject :
open to the States to act as they see fit about
it. I think my amendment in this respect is
plainer and more practicable than the proposi-
tion of the committee. The entire population
is taken, in the first instance, as a basis. The
census always discriminates between the black
39th Oontk Ipt Skss.—No. "174.
and the white population, and it makes several
other discriminations; and therefore it is, and
will be at all times, perfectly easy and practi-
cable to ascertain exactly how much of the
population of a State shall be counted in the
basis of representation under my amendment.
Under the other proposition, it seems to me,
you must have a census commission all the
time in operation in order to keep pace with
the variations that will take place from time to
time.
Under this amendment you ascertain the
classes of the population, and when any dis- 1
crimination shall be made upon a'ny of these I
subjects the whole of that particular class will j
be excluded. There is only one question to :
be determined. If the exclusion is because I
of race or color, the question is what amount I
of colored population is there in the State, |
and in exactly that proportion she is to lose j
representation. If any class is deprived of the >
privilege of voting there should certainly be
some restriction on the representation of the 1
State which excludes them. In that particu- |
lar I think my amendment is a great improve- i
ment on the provision reported by the com- :
mittee. My amendment is such that a calcu- j
lation can very easily be made of what the
restriction of representation is under it. I have '
not myself calculated it; but we know that!
some of the States would lose more than half !
their representation ; South Carolina would, ;
and I think Mississippi would, and some other j
of the States would lose largely if they ex- I
eluded their colored population from voting; '
and I think they ought to be restricted in the j
proportion that the excluded portion bear to :
the whole. i
In the next place, my amendment prohibits :
and renders null and void all obligations in- I
curred in rebellion and insurrection against the \
United States or for the purpose of aiding re-
bellion or insurrection ; and in that particular
it is precisely the same as the corresponding
section of the oiiginal pioposition v.hich was
so eloquently defended and enforced by the
Senator from Michigan. I agree with all that
he said on that subject, and the proposition
reported by his committee and the one I have
submitted are the same in that respect; but
then my amendment goes to another branch of ■
this business almost as essential as that. It puts !
the debt incurred in the civil war on our part!
under the guardianship of the Constitution of
the United States, so that a Congress cannot!
repudiate it. I-believe that to do this will give
great confidence to capitalists and will be of j
incalculable pecuniary benefit to the United .
States, for I have no doubt that every man who '
ha? property in the public funds will feel safer
when he sees that the national debt is with-
drawn from the power of a Congress to repu-
diate it and placed under the guardianship of
the Constitution than he would feel if it were
left at loose ends and subject to the varying
majorities which may arise in Congress. I con-
sider that a very beneficial provision, which is
not in the original proposition. j
This section of my amendment goes further, i
and secures the pensioners of the country. "We i
ought to do something to protect those wounded >
patriots who have been stricken down in the |
cause of their country, and to put the security 1
of their pensions and their means of support j
beyond the power of wavering majorities in '■
Congress, who may at some time, perhaps, be j
hostile to the soldier. In the condition of '
things around us we have 110 great guaranteej
now that rebels will not ere long be in these !
Halls, deadly hostile to everything that shall j
benefit the soldier who was used as an instru- >
ment in their downfall and their conquest. Let i
the policy which I understand to be that now j
prevailing at the other end of the avenue be j
adopted, and we have no security and no guar- ;
antee that the widow of your dead soldier, who
died in the cause of his country, will not be
deprived of the pittance that we give her as a
support. I am anxious to put the pensions
of our soldiers and their widows and children ;
under the guardianship of the Constitution of ;
the United States. They ought to be there,
along with your public debt. I think no gen-
tleman will deny that it is very essential that
the debt incurred in this war should be placed
under the protection of the Constitution of the
■United States, especially when we are now
prosecuting a doubtful war with your Execu-
tive as to whether open and hostile rebels shall
not have seats in Congress. If they are admit-
ted here to act with their sympathizers at the
North, who have constantly opposed every
policythat looked to the remuneration of those
engaged in the war on our part, who have been
opposed to every war measure, who voted
against paying your Army in the field, or doing
anything to defend the country, what will be
the result? Under the dictation of such a
policy, should it prevail, who can guaranty
that the debts of the Government will be paid,
or that your soldiers and the widows of your
soldiers will not lose their pensions? I hope
that whether my amendment be adopted or
not, any amendment to the Constitution which
shall finally prevail will contain a clause like
this.
Mr. President, I have stated nearly all the
differences between my amendment and the
proposition of the committee. I have left out
of the amendment the third section of the res-
olution, because as the Senator from Michigan
has said it does not seem to me to amount to
much. Practically I do not believe it would
have any effect. I am for excluding those who
took any leading part in the rebellion from
exercising any political power here or else-
where now and forever; but a's that clause
does not seem to effect that purpose, and will
probably effect nothing at all, I do not think
it is of any consequence that it should have a
place in the measure. I hope another clause
will be placed there by the amendment sng-
j gested by the Senator from New Hampshire.
1 I shall be very glad to see that adopted either
I as an amendment to my proposition, if it
should prevail, or, if not, as an amendment
to the original proposition.
I have seen other suggested amendments
which I should like to have prevail. The Sen-
ator froffi Nevada [Mr. Stewart] has submit-
ted a proposition which in my judgment is of
the most important and essential ehai'acter.
Could my voice and my vote prevail to give
efficacy to his proposition, he should not fail
to have it. I am for suffrage to our friends in
the South, the men who have stood by us in
this rebellion, the men who have hazarded
their lives and all that they hold dca>' to defend
our country. I think our friends, the colored
people of the South, should not be excluded
from the right of voting, and they shall not be
if my vote and the votes of a sufficient num-
ber who agree with me in Congress shall be
able to carry it. I do not agree in this partic-
ular with the Senator from Michigan. He
yields to the provision in the committee's res-
olution on the subject reluctantly, because he
does not believe three fourths of the States
can be got to ratify that proposition which is
right and just in itself. My own opinion is
that if you go down to the very foundation of
justice, so far from weakening yourself with
the people, you will strengthen yourself im-
mensely by it; but I know that it is not the
opinion of many here, and I suppose we must
accommodate ourselves to the will of major-
ities, and if we cannot do all we would, do
all we can. I propose for myself to contend
for all I can get in the right direction, and
finally to go with those who will give us any-
thing that is beneficial. That is my doctrine.
I wish and I hope that on due reflection the
Senate will adopt the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Nevada, at least as an alternative
to some of these propositions, leaving the
States to take his proposition if they will in
lieu of the one we give to them. I should like
to see even that, for I believe they would take
his in preference to the one we shall probably
give them.
But. sir, notwithstanding I say all this, 1 am
not finding fault with the doings of the com--
