1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
it would bo impossible that it should be other-
wise after such a war, and all the anarchy that
follows it, yet I do sincerely believe, and I
think the honorable committee of fifteen, when
they come to look the whole case over, will
come to the conclusion in the end, that con-
sidering all these things, the people of the
South have made as rapid advance as could
have been reasonably expected after such a
gigantic war.
Mr. President, I have occupied a longer time
than 1 intended when I rose. I have stated,
very briefly, the purpose I had, hoping that if
this measure should not be carried we may
agree upon a measure substantially protecting,
all the rights of the freedmen of the South,
and directly and positively, and following the
very language of the Constitution enforcing the
constiiutional amendment abolishing slavery
throughout all the States.
Mr. DAVIS addressed the Senate in sup-
port of the President's veto. [His speech will
be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, it is
not my intention to detain the Senate; argu-
ment is useless; reason is thrown away. I pre-
fer to discuss the question hereafter before an-
other tribunal. But, sir, I rise to say that in
my judgment the passage of this bill is the
inauguration of revolution—bloodless, as yet,
but the attempt to execute it by the machinery
and in the mode provided in the bill will lend
to revolution in blood. It is well that the
American people should take warning in time
• and set their house in order, but it is utterly
impossible that the people of this country will
patiently entertain and submit to this great
wrong. I do not say this because 1 want a
revolution. Heaven knows wc have had enough
of bloodshed; we have had enough of strife;
there has been enough of mourning in every
household. There are too many new-made
graves on which the grass has not yet grown
for any one to wish to see the renewal of strife.
But, sir, attempt to execute this act within the
limits of the States of this Union, and in my
judgment this country will again be plunged
into all the horrors of civil war.
In my own Slate, a feeble State in point of
numbers, but a State of gallant sons and noble
hearts, your law will not be observed by the
judiciary ; and every member of the judiciary
of that State, except two, belongs to your own
party. But, sir, there is not a Republican
judge in the State of Delaware, and we have
not had a judge in that State, who would so
far forget his duty to the people of his State
or the teachings of the great luminaries of the
law as to attempt to execute such a flagrantly
unconstitutional act as this. Sir, I shall not
go into the discussion of the unconstitutional
features of this bill; but if it is not grossly,
palpably, flagrantly unconstitutional in its pro-
visions, five-and-twenty years of somewhat
diligent study of the law have availed me but
little.
Mr. President, do you suppose, does this
Senate suppose, is there a sane man within the
limits of this whole country who supposes, that
if an honest judiciary of a State shall decide
that a free negro shall not testify in the courts
of that State, when his right to testify is pro-
hibited by the statute law of the State, the
people of such State will allow the agents of
your commissioners to arrest those judges and
drag them from the bench? Do you suppose
that if the Legislature of a State enacts a law
discriminating between fie white and the black
races, the people of any State of this Union
are going to allow their Legislature to be
dragged from their legislative halls by your
free"negro agents sent by free negro commis-
sioners, because you have got the power under
this bill to appoint free negro commissioners
and they have the power to send free negro
agents to execute their commands? Do you
suppose tlie people of any Slate are going to
allow such an outrage as that ? No, su. 1 hey
would sooner see every foot of their soil drcnched
in blood than submit to any such outrage.
Sir, I say this not because I want these scenes
39th COSC. 1st Ses?.—No. 114.
to transpire. May God forbid. But you are
about to enter upon another revolution, and a
revolution the effects of which the wisest can-
not foresee. Sir, if in any solitary moment
of my life I could have doubted that I was
right when I opposed the inauguration of civil
war in this country, if at any moment of my
life I ever doubted that war was disunion, I
am convinced now, certainly, fully of the truth
that every vote I have ever given since this
war commenced, and every word I have ever
uttered in this Chamber has been right; and I
am convinced now more than ever that war
was and is disunion. Thank God, though
during the stormy periods of the war those
who had not brains enough to comprehend the
meaning of what they said could charge me
and those with whom I acted as being dis-
unionists, T have lived to see the day when my
political opponents and the opponents of those
with whom 1 associated in political action have
not only become disunionists, but revolution-
ists, and this evening, while the bleeding,
mangled body of the Constitution of their
country lies in their pathway, they ruthlessly,
are trampling it into the dust!
Sir, I will not detain the Senate. I will sub-
mit to the vote and I will advise peace, but I
see nothing but pictures of horror and blood
in the future.
Mr. YATES. I pimply wish to say that the
Union people of this country expect the Re-
publican Union Senators to march forward in
the performance of their duly. Let us do it
now and do it for the country.
Mr. McDOUGALL. #Mr. President, it was
my intention to address the Senate at some
length upon the pending question. The under-
standing had on yesterday, however, prevents
me from making any extended remarks ; and
1 do not care to make inconsequent speeches,
for 1 am aware that the opinion of every Sen-
ator has been matured, and that all are pre-
pared now to pronounce judgment upon the
question. And yet, while not now undertaking
to discuss this measure, I desire to say that it
is unconstitutional, potently so. It cannot be
supportedb3r any one who understands the
Constitution as it reads in the book, and as it
has been taught to us by those who have spoken
most wisely and most profoundly of that Con-
stitution.
More than that, Mr. President,, I agree with
the Senator from Delaware that this measure
is revolutionary in its character. I will say
more: there have been a series of measures
introduced here altogether revolutionary, by
which the Constitution itself is disregarded and
trampled under foot, and the arbitrary power
of the majority asserted, and it is now, I sap-
pose, to be maintained. For whom were con-
j siitutions and laws made? For the most pow-
j er 1 nl ? No; for the weak. For majorities?
I No; for minorities. The strong can maintain
I themselves ; the weak need protection.
The majority glory now in their giant power,
but they ought to understand that it is tyran-
nous to exeicise that power like a giant. A
revolution now is moving onwaid; it has ils
center in the Northeast. A spirit has been
radiating out from there for yeais past as rev-
olutionary as the spirit that went out from
Charleston, South Carolina, and perhaps its
consequences will be equally fatal, tor when
that revolutionary struggle comes it will not be
a war between the North and its power and the
slaveholding population of the South ; it, will
be among the North men themselves, they who
have lived under the shadows of great oaks
and seen the tall pine trees bend.
This is no idle remark of minc._ Such con-
sequences are threatened by a policy indicated
here upon this floor and now being maintained
by a majority both in this House and in the
other end of this building. Persons conver-
sant with the history of other lands and the
history of our own land, who know liow the
passions of men are controlled and influenced,
can easily detect an effort at revolutionary
movement that if not checked must end in vast
disaster. This measure, so far as its own pro-
visions alone are concerned, majr be inconse-
quent of great harm ; but it with its accompa-
nying policies must lead to infinite mischief.
I say this not for the purpose of influencing
a single vote, for I do not think that any vote
can be influenced by any word of mine, but to
express the profound conviction in my own
mind that the policies of which this is a part
are fraught with infinite mischief, and if they
are not checked will throw us into a severer
storm and a rougher tempest than has raged
over the land for the last five years.
The PRESIDE-NT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, Shall the bill pass, the objections of.
the President of the United States to the con-
trary notwithstanding? The question must be
taken by yeas and nays. As many as are in
favor of the passage of the bill will say " yea,"
those opposed will say "nay," as their names
are called.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. Morgan's vote in the affirmative was
followed by applause in the galleries.
The PRES1 DENT pro tempore. Order will
be preserved in the galleries. If there be any
disturbance, they will be cleared; and the door-
keepers will take iii charge any persons who
commit disturbance. The call will proceed.
The Secretary concluded the call of the roll;
and the result was as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Chandler, Clark,
Conness, Cragin, Croswell, Edmunds, Fessenden,
Foster, Crimes, Harris, Henderson, Howard, Howe,
Kirkwood, Lianoof Indiana. Morgan, Morrill, Nye,
Poland, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sherman, Sprague, Stew-
art, Sumner, Trumbull, Wade, Willey, Williams,
Wilson, and Yates—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Buekalew, Cowan, Davis, Doolit-
fl(\ Ctnthrie, ilendriek«, Johnson, Lane of Kansas,
McDousull, Nesmith, Norton, Kiddle, Saulsbury.
Van Winkle, and Wright—15.
ABSENT—Jlr. Dixon.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The yeas
being -J-J, and the nays 15, the bill has passed
the Senate by the requisite constitutional
majority, notwithstanding the objection of the
President to the contrary.
Oil motion by Mr. TRUMBULL, it was
Ordcrcl. That the Secretary communicate the hill
(S. No. 61) to protect all persons in the United States
in their civil rights and furnish the means of their
vindication, with the message of tho President re-
turning; tho same to tho Senate with his objection,
and tho proceedings of tho Senate thereon, to tho
IXouse of .Representatives.
OATH Of OFFICE.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the following message from the
President of the United States:
To the Senate and House of Representatives:
I herewith transmit communications from
the Secretary of the Treasury and the_ Post-
master General, suggesting a modification of
the oath of otlice prescribed by the act of Con-
gress approved July 2, 1862. I fully concur
in their recommendation, and as the subject
pertains to the efficient administration of the
revenue and postal laws in the southern States,
I earnestly commend it to the earliest con-
sideration of Congress.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington City, April 6, 1866.
On motion of Mr. CLARK, the message was
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
british VESSEL MA01CIEXN.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a message from the President of the
United States, transmitting a report from the
Secretary of State, with accompanying papers,
in relation to the claim on this Government of
the owners of the British vessel Magieienn, and
recommending an appropriation for the satis-
faction of the claim pursuant to the award of
the arbitrators; which was ordered to lie on
the table, and be printed.
MESSAGE FROM T1IJS HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Li.oyi), its Chief Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
the following bills, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (fi. R. No. 26) fort,he relief of Thomas
Hurley;
