1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3729
So long as the representative is required to
vote openly and publicly, everybody can deter-
mine lrom that vote as to whether he is honest,
as to whether he is trying to carry out the will
of his constituents, or as to whether he is actu-
ated and controlled by improper motives in his
official conduct.
I do not see that there can be any objection
to this mode of voting. None has been sug-
gested, none can be suggested, as it seems to
me; and no reason is given for this amendment
that I have heard. I have not heard all that
has been said, except that in some States the
other mode has prevailed. The Constitution
of the United States contemplates that Con-
gress shall fix the time and the manner of the
election of Senators, and it is as important in
these elections to provide the manner as it is
the time of the election. If the time simply is
fixed, and no regulation made as to the man-
ner, it opens a door through which persons
who are so disposed may possibly defeat an
election, In every point of view it seems to
me that the bill reported by the Committee on
the Judiciary is a good one so far as this part
is concerned, and ought to be adopted.
Mr. ANTHONY. I quite agree with the
Senator from Oregon. I think that the open
ballot is the true mode of voting, not only in a
representative assembly, but at the polls. It
prevents corruption; it prevents deception, and
cultivates a manly spirit everywhere. I think
it is the only way in which a man ought to vote.
The man who votes at the polls votes in a rep-
resentative character. Every man who votes
represents four people who are unable to vote,
and he is responsible to them and responsible
to the State for the suffrage which he gives. The
constitutions of almost all the States, follow-
ing the Constitution of the United States, re-
quire that upon the most unimportant matter a
member of the legislative body, at the request
of one fifth of the body, shall place upon record
his vote. Certainly, in the election of a Uni-
ted States Senator there should be as much
provision for responsibility and publicity.
I should like to have the bill amended in
one other particular, unless it is desirable to
have perfect uniformity, so that the Legisla-
tures may have the option either of voting in
the manner provided by this bill or of voting,
at once in joint ballot; but if it is deemed of
paramount importance that the system shall be
perfectly uniform in all respects, perhaps it
might be better as it is.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday.
Mr. WADE. I move to postpone all prior
orders and proceed to'the consideration of the
special order which was fixed for to-day at one
o'clock.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us dispose of this
bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The unfin-
ished business of yesterday is now before the
Senate, being the bill (S. No. 395) relating to
the aqueduct bridge of the Alexandria Canal
Company over the Potomac river at George-
town, in the District of Columbia. Tt is moved
by the Senator from Ohio that the Senate post-
pone the pending and all prior orders and pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
280.
Mr. CLARK. I hope that, by the unan-
imous consent of the Senate, as we have pro-
gressed so far with this bill, and it will not
probably take much longer time, that we shall
be allowed to finish it now. I think it will
expedite the business of the Senate.
Sir. WADE. I will not object to that, as I
do not think it will take a long time to dispose
of it.
The PRESIDENT j ro tempore. Is the motion
to postpone the present and prior orders with-
drawn ? . _
Mr. WADE. I withdraw it for the purpose
of finishing this bill.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am perfectly willing
that the bill of the Senator from Now Hamp-
shire [Mr. Clark] may now be proceeded
with, provided it does not displace the pend-
ing bill, which is the unfinished business of
yesterday. I am willing that that bill may be
passed over informally, in order to proceed
with this measure.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will put the question. It is suggested that the
unfinished business of yesterday be laid aside
by common consent, informally, in order that
the discussion may proceed upon the bill that
was before the Senate at the expiration of the
morning hour. Is there any objection to that
course? No objection being made, that will
be the understanding, and the bill that was laid
aside is now before the Senate as in Committee
of the Whole, being the bill (S. No. 414) to reg-
ulate the time and manner of holding elections
for Senators in Congress.
Mr. SUMNER. I was impressed by a re-
mark of the Senator from Illinois, to the effect
that while we were undertaking to regulate the
election of Senators it would be well that we
should require, in all respects, uniformity. I
was impressed by that remark, for it seemed
to me that it presents a key to this whole ques-
tion. If this be in reality the key, if it be of
importance to require uniformity in all respects,
then it seems to me we ought to prescribe in
all respects the manner of the election. Noth-
ing should be left uncertain. This, I under-
stand, the bill now before us undertakes to do.
The proposition of the Senator from Maine, if
adopted, would leave the manner of election
in one particular open to the caprice of each
Legislature, so that one Legislature might act
in one way and another in another way. One
might choose Senators by an open vote, and
another by a secret vote.
Now, sir, I remark, in the first place, that it
seems to me there should be uniformity. The
question then is, which system shall be adopted,
the system of open voting or the system of se-
cret voting? While I am entirely satisfied that
at popular elections the system of secret vot-
ing is preferable, and that every citizen, when
about to give his vote at any such election, has
a right to the protection of secrecy, I do not
see my way to that conclusion with regard to
votes which are given in a representative capa-
city. Such votes do not belong to the individ-
ual, if I may so express myself, but belong to
his constituents. I think a sound policy would
require that his constituents should be able to
see the vote that is given by the representative ;
but that can be only where the system of open
voting is adopted. The argument, then,' for
open voting by those who vote in a represent-
ative capacity seems to me to be unanswerable
in principle.
When the Senator from Maine alluded to
popular elections among us, which are by se-
cret voting, and contrasted it with the system
adopted in England for the election of mem-
bers of Parliament, he adduced an example
which does not seem to me to be applicable.
The voting for members of Parliament is at a
popular election, and there, according to the
principle I have already recognized, it seems to
me that the voter is entitled to the protection
of secrecy; but if I may continue the allusion
to England, when the representative comes to
vote in Parliament, then it seems to me he
should so vote that his constituents should see
what he does. What is the precedent that we
may derive from England? While in the elec-
tion of members of Parliament there is open
voting, we see also that in elections by Parlia-
ment itself—as for instance in the choice of
Speaker—there is open voting, or voting by
viva voce.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Wcdo not do it here
in the election of a President of the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. I know we do not do it here.
We do not do it here, the Senator says, in the
election of a President of the Senate. _ Well, I
am disposed to think that in not doing it we fail
to follow the best example. I was observing,
however, that the precedent of the British Par-
liament, if it be of any value, would be i n favor
of open voting. There is no question now how
the voting shall be at jjopular elections. The
simple question now is on voting in a repre-
sentative capacity.
Now, sir, glancing for a moment, if you
please, at what 1 suppose is historically the
origin of the different systems prevailing in the
different parts of the country, I think I do not
err if I say that in Virginia and the States to
the south of Virginia the system of open voting,
even at popular elections, was adopted from the
beginning. They borrowed it from the Eng-
lish practice in election of members of Parlia-
ment, and then from the practice of Parliament
itself. The western States, I need not rcm.nd
you, were carved out of Virginia. The North-
western Territory was originally but a terri-
tory of Virginia, and I presume that the habit
which the Senator from Illinois tells us prevails
throughout those States, and in his own State
of Illinois, was derived originally from Vir-
ginia, as Virginia derived it originally from the
English custom. If we come to New England
the usage is entirely different. New England
borrowed her system of secret voting at popu-
lar elections, and then again at elections by the
Legislature, from the usage of the corporation
which originally settled the country, a corpora-
tion of Puritans, following the simplest ways.
And history records that all the early elections
were determined by secret voting, in which beans
were used as ballots. Thusaperson was named
and each voter dropped a black bean or a white
bean into a box in order to determine whether
he was for or against him. In this way secrecy
was preserved. The rule that prevailed at popu-
lar elections was carried into elections by the
Legislature.
I believe this is a history of the difference
in the manner of election which has grown up
in the different parts of the country ; the West
deriving theirs from Virginia and from Eng-
land, and New England deriving hers from the
practice of a small corporation which intro-
duced the system of secret voting. New Eng-
land has adhered to her usage from the begin-
ning down to this day, with the exception of
Rhode Island, which, it will be remembered,
was organized under an entirely different char-
ter, being a charter of Charles II, having some
essentially distinctive features.
Now, sir, the question is distinctly presented
whether we shall recognize what may be called
the New England system of secret voting or
the English and almost universal system of
open voting. I must say that T am in favor of
the system of open voting where persons vote
in a representative character, and I think it, is
becoming to the Senate now, as it undertakes
to regulate this matter, that it should stamp it
with uniformity, and that this uniformity should
be according to the best and the most generous
principles, to the end that the representative
maybe held to the strictest accountability, and
that what he does may be in the light of day.
" Give me to see."
Mr. SAULSBURY. It is to be regretted,
Mr. President, that there is nothing so sacred
or so worthy of respect in the past legislation
of the country that it is not to be subjected
to the innovating spirit of the present times.
From the very formation of the Federal Con-
stitution in 1787 to the present time, a period
of nearly eighty years, we have found no incon-
venience under the present system of electing
Senators to the Congress of the United States ;
or at least it has not been deemed necessary in
any past period of the history of our country
to change the system which has generally been
in use and practice. Each State has been left
heretofore to elect its Senators to Congress in
such mode and manner as each particular State
should determine for itself.
Now, sir, I hold it to be a sound principle
of legislation that laws should not be changed,
experiments in legislation should not be made,
unless there is some practical necessity for the
change, unless there is some inconvenience or
wrong to be remedied. Has there been any in-
convenience in the past that,calls for this legisla
lion ? Has the legislation of the. couutry suffered
on account of the oresput mode of i-h-cnnp Sen-
39th Gotto. 1st Svv
-\o. 234.
