746
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
dnced. He may say that the people of Ken-
tucky, if my plan be forced upon them, will feel
more like rebelling against the national au-
thority. But is it not just? Is it not applied
to Illinois as well as Kentucky ? Is it not applied
to Missouri, and to every southern and northern
State?
• I do not say give the negro the suffrage imme-
diately. I say just declare simply that no State
shall discriminate against him, and then, if you
wish to require as a qualification of a white
man that he shall read and write, let it be
required of a black man. If you wish to require
of the black man that he shall own $250 worth
of property, let it be required of the white man.
Make it equal; let the State laws be equal and
let your own laws be equal, and not apply dif-
ferent and distinctive systems to the various
States of this Confederacy.
Now, Mr. President, I have said all I desire
on this occasion. It is too late to talk about
arguing this proposition. I shall take occasion
during the pendency of the resolution to amend
the Constitution, to give my views more at
length, to show the injustice of the pending
amendment, and to show that we cannot have
peace otherwise than by admitting that which
is righteous in our own consciences ; and that
will commend us to the God of heaven by its
justice to all men.
Mr. TRUMBULL._ Mr. President, the zeal
of my friend from Missouri seems to have run
away with him. Having come from being a
slaveholder to the position of advocating uni-
versal negro suffrage as the sovereign remedy
for everything, he manifests a degree of zeal
which I have only seen equaled, 1 confess, by
some of the discoverers of patent medicines who
have found a grand specific to cure all diseases!
Why, he says this bureau is of no account; give
the negro the ballot, and that will stop him from
starving; that will feed him; that will educate
him! You have got on your hands to-day one
hundred thousand feeble, indigent, infirm col-
ored population that would starve and die if
relief were not afforded j and the Senator from
Missouri tolls you, "This is all nonsense; give
them the right of suffrage, and that is all they
want." This to feed the hungry and clothe
the naked! He has voted for these bills ; but
if you will only just give the right of suffrage,
you do not want to take care of any starving
man, any orphan child, any destitute and feeble
person that cannot take care of himself! It is
the most sovereign remedy that I have heard
of since the days of Townsend's Sarsaparilla.
[Laughter.]
1 am sorry that upon this bill, or rather upon
the question of agreeing to an amendment
which is proposed by the Judiciary Committee
and which the Senator from Missouri is in favor
of, he should have run off to make this speech,
assailing everything that did not come up to
his notions in regard to conferring the right of
suffrage, which he regards as the cure-all for all
troubles and difficulties. Sir, I shall not dis-
cuss that suffrage question; but as I am on my
feet, I do want to say a word to the honorable
Senator from Kentucky. I wish we could un-
derstand ourselves better. If I know my own
heart, I am for harmony, I am for peace; and
God forbid that I should put a degradation on
the people of Kentucky. I never thought of
such a thing. 1 would sooner cut off my right
hand than do such a thing. What is it that so
excites and inflames the mind of the Senator
from Kentucky that he talks about the degra-
dation that is to be put upon her, the plunder
of her people, the injustice that is to be done
her inhabitants? Why, sir, a bill to help the
people of Kentucky to take care of the desti-
tute negroes, made free without any property
whatever, without the means of support, left to
starve and to die unless somebody cares for
them ; and we propose in the Congress of the
United States to help to do it. Is thnt a deg-
radation? Is that an injustice? Is that the way
to rob a people?
The Senator says they will take care of them
themselves. I hope and pray to Heaven they
will; and if they will, I will guaranty that the
President of the United States, under whose
control this bureau is, will never send an officer
to Kentucky. The Senator from Kentucky says
that he will advise and is in favor of giving to
the colored population equal civil rights. Do it,
and no Federal officer will ever interfere with
your regulations. All that is proposed is to
secure to these people these very rights which
you say they ought to have. Is that doing in-
justice to Kentucky? All that it is proposed to
do is to feed and clothe the destitute and the
hungry. Is it placing an indignity upon Ken-
tucky to help-to do that if she will not, and not
to do it at all if she will ? Sir, I have been as-
tounded at the denunciations that have been
heaped upon this measure.
The only question before the Senate is whether
this bill shall be general in its operations, or
whether it shall be confined to the rebellious
States with Kentucky added. Upon principle
I believe it ought to be general. The Judi-
ciary Committee of the Senate, who have ex-
amined the subject, believe the bill ought to be
general, and we have recommended to strike
out from the substitute sent us by the House of
Representatives that provision which confines
its operation to the States in which the writ of
habeas corpus is suspended. That is the ques-
tion, and I hope we may come to vote upon it,
and dispose of this bill before we adjourn.
Mr. McDOlTGALL. Mr. President, I would
suggest to the Senator from Illinois that he
make another reading of Gil Bias, and then he
will be a better jester. The questions involved
in this measure are not those that can be dis-
posed of by accidental jests. They are grave,
and lie at the foundation of things.
Wo had the war of the Revolution. We then
had a war with Great Britain in 1812. In my
early recollection, I remember there wore such
things as sailors' homes—a few in the Republic,
three, 1 think, alone, where persons who had
been impaired by the accidents of flood and
field might have refuge.
I do not remember that there ever was a
single soldiers' home. If it was a thing ex-
tant, it did not come within the scope of my
observation, or was not in any printed paper
that came within my cognition. We had the
war with Mexico. These were the three wars
precedent to this last. I do not know that we
had anything more after that than a soldiers'
home, and 1 believe the only soldiers' home
there was, ccrtaiuly the only one within my
cognition, was in and about the District of
Columbia. Here is a proposition to organize
a system of asylums throughout the vast extent
of the South. Asylums for whom? We may
assume that they are for stalwart negroes from
Africa, or their descendants ; and in and about
that business is to be employed the Federal
Government, with all its power. They are to
have houses of refuge and places of home all
through this country. They are to be specially
protected. I ask when and where were the
white men of the Revolution, when and where
were the men of 1812, when and where were
the men of the war with Mexico, when and
where were the white men of our people in-
jured, damaged, suffering in battle or from
flood, taken care of with the intense anxiety
exhibited here, and when were such laws
brought into force before, impinging, as they
do, upon the Constitution?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
California allow me to say a word?
Mr. McDOlTGALL. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The bill under consid-
eration provides for white refugees, and under
the very bill to which this is an amendment we
have been feeding more white persons than
colored persons in some localities, and I pre-
sume we are doing it to-day, and this bill is for
white refugees as well as colored persons.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, I being
a white man, say for the white men and
white women, that they will take care of
themselves except under very extraordinary
circumstances. The Senator from Illinois, the
chairman of this committee, knows very well
that this bill was not made for white women or
white men, or white men and women's chil-
dren. It was made to cover, as they say, a
forlorn race—lost by whom? By the incon-
siderate action of the Senate and the House of
Representatives and the Government of the
United States, for with consideration they would
have all been properly taken care of and had
opportunities to make homes for themselves
and not to have needed your asylums of refuge.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator allow
me to give him a statement of the figures on
H-iof onlno/^t ?
Mr. McDOUGALL. Certainly, of course.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have before me the
official report, which shows the consolidated
number of rations issued in the different dis-
tricts and States during the months of June,
July, August, September, and October, 1865.
In June there were issued to refugees three
hundred and thirteen thousand six hundred and
twenty-seven rations, and thirty-six thousand
one hundred and eighty-one to freedmen. In
August in Kentucky and Tennessee there wore
issued to refugees eighty-seven thousand one
hundred and eighty rations, and to freedmen
eighty-seven thousand one hundred and ninety-
five—almost an equality.
Mr. McDOUGALL. That is a printed book
from which the Senator reads those figures ;
and if I bebeved all the printed books I ever
saw I should be confuscd with ten thousand
lies. "Confusion worse confounded," as Mil-
ton said, would be nothing to it. I can perhaps
illustrate liow such things are made up. It was
supposed when I came to the Senate hall that
| 1 would naturally hate a Republican, a Black
Republican, as he was then called. I was ap-
plied to if I did not think so and so of a certain
man. I inquired the cause for the question,
and I was told that I was wanted before the
committee on the conduct of the war. My
opinion about such and such persons—1 knew
them well—I was free to give there, but I am
not subject to questioning here in the Hall. I
answered the committee. I did not want to
know anything more about it. I felt that it
seemed to be assumed that because the person
who was challenged was a Republican, I would
swear that he was a damned rascal! Excuse
the "damn." That is the way these papers
and these books and these statistics that are
furnished here are made up, and I take this
occasion to say that from the way they are made
up they are not worth a farthing. I care not
to discuss this question, for I have my own
exact opinions; and regard it as my duty, having
been clothed with the office of a Senator, to
express my opinions. This bill in all its qual-
ities, 1 think, is fraught with mischief, bat I
will not go into that now. I had occasion to
say it once before ; I take occasion to repeat
it now. It is not mischievous to the South
alone; it is not mischievous to any particular
part of the country; it is mischievous to all
who hope that we may at some future day see
this Republic reintegrated. There is no one
here in this Hall who has a right proper to bo
here as a councilor of the nation that docs not
seek to see us reintegrated and once again a
common people. All this kind of legislation
tends to disintegration as against integration.
I cannot add to what has been said by the
Senator from Kentucky a single word, because
he has spoken from his heart and I speak from
my head, for I come from the far western coast
where the question of negro or non-negro has
no interest to my people ; and yet as an Amer-
ican citizen, born in this country and think-
ing that I belong to every part of this Repub-
lic, from its extremest east to west and from
north to south, I feel that I have a deep and
abiding interest in the integrity of the whole
Union for myself and those who shall come
after me and who may call themselves by my
name. I say that all these angry things which
promote controversy and avoid exactly, avoid
dircctly, avoid purposely, conciliation, are full
of infinite mischief. I would not be here but
that I feel it my duty to resist with what little
strength I may possess all this disposition on
the part of the Northeast, if you please, and of
