1806.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3781
I do not believe that mode or principle of elec-
tion can be improved. If the Senate is to legis-
late on the subject at all, I think with my col-
league, that that mode and principle of election
ought to be prescribed.
1 concur in another objection made by my
colleague to this measure. When the two
Houses have met in convention no legislative
business can proceed until an election is ef-
fected. We do not know what inconveniences
such a rule might introduce until it is tested
by experience; but we may well imagine great
difficulty and great delay in making an election
at all. It might be that the two Houses in
joint meeting would have to proceed for a series
of consecutive days in ineffectual efforts to
make an election, because no single candidate
would receive a majority of the whole number
of votes cast, and not only the whole number
of votes east, but what is a proper principle, I
think, a majority of the whole number of votes
in the two Houses of the Legislature in the
aggregate. To suspend the course of business
until an election is effected upon that princi-
ple might at least seriously obstruct the legis-
lative proceedings of the States, and in that
point of view, I think, it is objectionable.
I believe, myself, that this subject might as
well be left entirely to the action of the State
Legislature; but if Congress is determined to
take up the subject and to pass a law upon it,
I think the law might be in a better form than
this bill is, and-1 hope it may be the pleasure
of the Senate to refer the bill back to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and that that com-
mittee may adopt the plain, simple rule of
requiring a majority of the whole number of
members of both Houses, either by a separate
vote or upon a joint ballot, and declaring that
the man who receives such a vote as that shall
be the Senator-elect.
Mr. CLARK. I move further to amend the
bill in the fifth line of the second section by in-
serting the words " and organization" after
the word "commencement."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I move further to amend
the bill in the ninth line of the second section
by inserting after the word "Legislature" the
words, "shall have been organized and;"
and in line ten, after "notice," to strike out
" thereof" and to insert " of the vacancy."
Mr. JOHNSON'. How will it read then?
Mr. CLARK. " And if a vacancy shall hap-
pen during tlie session of the Legislature, then
on the second Tuesday after the Legislature
shall have been organized, and shall have
notice of the vacancy."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suggest to the Senator
from New Hampshire that that can hardly be
necessary. This provision is " if a vacancy
shall happen during the session of the Legis-
lature." Is it a " session" of the Legislature
until it is organized?
Mr. CLARK. It may be. The Legislature
may be together and sitting, but not organized.
I want to avoid that difficulty.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to it.
Mr. CLARK. I think it would make it a
little more specific to insert these woids.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think myself that we
should have uniformity in the mode ot elect-
ing Senators of the United States, if possible,
but practically it will be very inconvenient to
prescribe one rule to affect the action of thirty-
six different political bodies. Some difficul-
ties occur to me in reducing this to practice,
which I think ought to be considered. Many
of the Legislatures are elected biennially; it
is so in my own State and in many of the
States. Some of them are elected two years
before the vacancy occurs. Under this bill
the Legislature would be compelled to elect
at least fifteen or eighteen months in some of
the States before the vacancy occurs. This
may be convenient sometimes, but at other
times it may be very inconvenient. It may
be better to postpone the election until near
the time of the vacancy, or it may be wise
when the Legislature convenes to act on the
subject. That depends on circumstances.
Now, to prescribe a uniform rule to compel
the Legislature to act at a particular time in
every case might be very unwise.
Then there is another objection made by the
Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Guthrie,] which
it seems to me has a good deal of force. You
stop all the proceedings of the Legislature
until they act on the question of electing a
United States Senator. It is the interest of
every State to have a Senator and there will
always be a strong inclination in every State
to have that election disposed of, because it
generally stands in the way of public business ;
but is it wise for Congress by an arbitrary en-
actment to prevent a Legislature from doing
any business until this question is disposed
of? It seems to me it is better to leave it to
the Legislature.
Practically there has been but very little dif-
ficulty in this matter since the foundation of
the Government. It is always the interest of
every State to elect a member of the Senate ;
but where the two Houses disagree there is
sometimes a vacancy until the matter can be
submitted to the people. I do not think that
practice has resulted in any evil. The various
States elect in different modes. In my State
they elect by joint convention and by ballot.
I would much prefer to substitute the viva voce
voting for the ballot, but I see no reason for
having an additional mode of electing before
the joint convention; that is the election by
the separate Houses. It is a complex mode.
I know our people would be unaccustomed
to it. The first vote prescribed by this bill
may disclose a difference between the two
Houses; and then how easy will it be for a
portion of each House to prevent an election.
Suppose after the first effort has been made to
elect by a separate vote, they go into joint con-
vention, how easy it will be to organize a third
party, such as exists in almost every election
of United States Senator. It is very rare that
one man on the first ballot would get the re-
quisite majority. How easy then to organize
a third party, composed say of a few men hold-
ing the balance of power between two rival
parties, and thus stop the Legislature of the
State from doing any kind of business, thus
giving a few men combining together the power
to control the majority or else to stop all the
business of the Legislature. Is not that a pos-
sible and a probable contingency? Has it not
occurred over and over again?
Such things have occurred in several States.
In my State a small minority of six men have
by simply holding out compelled the majority
to yield. If, in addition to the ordinary power
of such a small minority, they have the power
to stop all action by the Legislature upon all
legislative business, is it not a very great power?
If we pass this bill a Legislature could only elect
a Senator in the mode prescribed, because this
bill will be passed in pursuance of an express
provision of the Constitution, and when we
step in and prescribe the mode of electing a
Senator, the Legislature has no right to vary
that mode; and therefore, under the language
of this bill, the whole proceedings of the Legis-
lature must stop until either this minority fac-
tion is bought off. or got off, or yielded to ; and
thus the will of the people in the election of
the Legislature may be defeated. I think it is
much better to leave the mode and manner of
electing Senators to the people of the States
themselves through their Legislature, to allow
the Legislature, if necessary, to change the law
or modify it to suit the exigency. It makes no
difference to the United States; it is only a
question as to the mode and manner of electing
a Senator.
I think it is better for us, on a question so
important as this, to follow the example of
those who have gone before us, as for seventy
years we have had no substantial trouble, only
occasionally a vacancy from a State. _ I think
it is better to run the risk of an occasional va-
cancy in a State, an occasional disagreement,
rather than to prescribe by an arbitrary rule a
mode which may sometimes be defeated by a
small minority, and thus stop the whole legisla-
tive business of the State. This is the view that
occurs to me. I would not be willing to vote
for this bill with my impressions. If a bill is
to be adopted, I would be in favor of striking
out the intermediate vote by separate Houses,
and coming directly to the joint vote viva voce
at once, so that there will be no chance for
combination, because it seems to me this pre-
liminary vote (which is entirely new to me, but
I am told is adopted in some of the States,)
will invite just such combinations as will tend
to prevent an election and postpone all legis-
lative business by disclosing, in advance, the
preference of every member of both branches
of the Legislature.
Mr. CLARK. The fact that different States
have adopted different methods of choosing-
Senators accounts probably for the fact that
different Senators prefer different, methods. In
my Slate wo have always elected by a concur-
rent vote. 1 prefer that method of electing.
In the State of Kentucky they have elected by
a joint ballot. The Senator from Kentucky
prefers that method of election.
Mr. DAYIS. In Kentucky the Houses vote
separately, but the votes are counted as though
they voted together.
Mr. CLARK. That amounts to the same
thing.
Mr. DAVIS. Practically. _
Mr. CLARK. They only give their votes in
two ballot-boxes, which are brought together
and counted just as if they had met together
in the same Chamber. It is practically the same
thing ; but the two Houses do not actually come
together to do it. The Senators from Ken-
tucky prefer that method ; it is the method to
which they have been accustomed. So the
Senator from Ohio prefers the method to which
he has been accustomed. The Senator from
Vermont probably would prefer the method to
which he has been accustomed. The Senator
from Maine prefers the method to which he has
been accustomed and the vote by ballot. The
Senator from Rhode Island prefers his method
and the vote vim voce. Now, the object is to
have uniformity in the mode of electing, and
of course we have got, each of us, to surrender
something or to unite on a plan which shall
combine the whole of these things.
The committee propose, in the first placc, to
let the two Houses vote in the regular way,
acting separately, for Senator, each House by
itself. If the two Houses happen to elect the
same man, then he is to be the Senator of the
United Stales, selected in the ordinary way;
but if there is found to be a disagreement, then
the two Houses, for the purpose of settling that
disagreement, combine their votes, and in joint
convention select a Senator. That is to pre-
vent disagreement.
T think, during the existence of the Govern-
ment, in New Hampshire we have never failed
in more than one instance in electing a Sena-
tor by concurrent vote. In Maine the Senator
says he was balloted for some eighteen times,
and then they failed in regard to it. Now, to
prevent such a failure and to combine the two
methods together, the committeehave reported
this bill, first to let the two Houses act by con-
current vote, and if they fail in that way then
to let them act in joint convention. It secures
an election in the end.
The objection made by one of the Senators
from Kentucky can hardly, it seems to me, be
worthy of much notice, that one of the Houses
may have elected one man, the other Honse
may have elected another man, and then when
they come together in joint convention they
may choose a third man. Why not? If the
House selects a man not agreeable to the Sen-
ate, and the Senate a man not agreeable to the
House, and they can together in joint conven-
tion agree upon a third man and thus select a
man acceptable to them, why not take him ? I
do not see any objection to that. It secures
undoubtedly a proper man, and it results in
securing at least a Senator, so that there shall
be no vacancy.
Objection is made to the provision that the
