1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2771
loyal Stato who shall go down into that coun-
try shall ever be taxed to pay one cent of the
rebel debt, and I want to say to the world that
every particle of it is to be forever repudiated
and remain unpaid,that wo will not acknowl-
edge it or suffer any of our courts to enforce it.
Mr. JOHNSON. Was the first amendment
of the Senator proposed as a substitute for the
third section?
Mr. CLARK. Yes, sir. The third section
does not seem to be satisfactory to a great
many persons, and yet I think something of
the kind, looking toward the exclusion of many
of those who participated in the rebellion from
participation in the administration of our Gov-
ernment, is desirable. The section as it stands
in the committee's plan provides that no per-
son who has been engaged in the rebellion
shall be allowed to vote until 1870. That is
about four years off. Now, it will probably
be a year and a half before this amendment
can be agreed to by the States; they will be
allowed to have until that time; and then it
will only be an exclusion for a couple of years.
I am afraid that the obstruction they will make
to the adoption of the plan will be more serious
than all the advantage we can derive from it.
I much prefer that you should take the leaders
of the rebellion, the heads of it, and say to
them, "You never shall have anything to do
with this Government," and let those who have
moved in humble spheres return to their loy-
alty and to the Government.
Mr. HOWARD. Allow me to suggest to
the Senator from New Hampshire, by way of
amendment to the amendment offered by him
to the third section, that he strike out, the
word "voluntarily," so as to exclude thatelass
of persons absolutely without qualification.
Mr. CLARK. I shall have no objection to
any amendment of that kind.
Mr. HOWARD. Any person who has taken
an oath to support the Constitution as a mem-
ber of Congress or as a Federal officer must
be presumed to have intelligence enough if he
entered the rebel service to have entered it
voluntarily. He cannot be said to have been
forced into it by pressure; but as the amend-
ment of the honorable Senator now stands it
leaves open as a question of fact whether he
actually entered the rebel service voluntarily
or involuntarily.
Mr. CLARK. I will adopt the suggestion
of the Senator from Michigan, and I will adopt
any other suggestion that seems proper in re-
gard to this amendment. I throw it out merely
as a general idea or proposition. It may not
be satisfactory to all minds; it may need
amendment; it may possibly go too far; but
I throw it out to the Senate and desire to have
it printed as embracing a general proposition
the main feature of which I think should be
agreed to, and as a substitute for the third sec-
tion proposed by the committee.
Mr. HOWARD. I am inclined to think I
will support that amendment with that modifi-
cation.
Mr. CLARK. I do not propose further to
discuss the subject, but submit the amendment
and ask that it be printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from New
Hampshire will be printed, unless there be
objection.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I desire also to submit
an amendment with a view to have it printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
•will receive the amendment and an order will
be entered for its printing if there bo no objec-
tion.
The amendment of Mr. Btjckalew is to add
to the resolution the following additional sec-
tion :
Sec. 6. This amendment sliaU bo passed upon in
each State by the Legislature thereof whieh shall be
chosen, or the members of tile most popular branch
of whieh shall bo chosen next after the submission
of the amendment, and at its first session; and no
aeccptaneo or rejection shall be reconsidered or
again brought, in question at any subsequent ses-
sion; nor shall any acceptance of the amendment
bo valid if mado after three years from the passage
of this resolution.
executive session.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate
proeccd to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, May 23, 1866.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. BERGEN asked indefinite leave of
absence for Mr. Taber.
Leave was granted.
letter carriers in san francisco.
Mr. McRUER, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads a joint resolution (H.
R. No. 142) authorizing the Postmaster Gen-
eral to pay additional salary to letter carriers
in San Francisco.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
poses to authorize the Postmaster General to
pay to letter carriers in San Francisco such
additional salary above that provided by law
as may be necessary to procure competent
persons for such service.
Mr. LE BLOND. I desire to suggest that
this joint resolution ought to provide some
limit. In its present form it gives to the Post-
master General unlimited power.
Mr. McRUER. I beg leave to say that it
gives to the Postmaster Genera] the same au-
thority whieh has been given to the Secretaiy
of the Treasury and the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue, to pay only so much additional
salary as maybe necessary to secure competent
persons to do the service. It is not to bo pre-
sumed that he will give any more. Thus far,
the letter delivery has not been established in
San Francisco;.in consequence of the inade-
quate compensation allowed by law. This joint
resolution only allows the Postmaster General
to give a small additional compensation that
may be necessary to secure carriers.
Sir. LE BLOND. I would suggest to the
gentleman that the resolution does not limit the
additional amount to be paid; it gives the Post-
master General unlimited power. If the res-
olution were so amended as to authorize him
to allow additional pay, not exceeding a cer-
tain amount, it would limit the power of the
Postmaster General. It seems to me it ought
to do that.
Mr. McRUER. I do not think there is any
necessity for that. It is not to bo presumed
that the Postmaster General will spend any
more money for his Department than is abso-
lutely necessary.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. McRUER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
iiojiestiiads in southern states.
On motion of Mr. JULIxVN, by unanimous
consent, Senate amendments to the bill l,H. R.
No. 85) for the disposal of the public lands for
homestead actual settlement in the States of
Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, Arkansas,
and Florida, were taken from the Speaker's
table and read, as follows;
First amendment:
Amend the first section by striking out all after
the words " sixty-four" in line ten down to nr,d in-
eluding the woid "patent" in the fifteenth line, so
that the party will be allowed to enter one hundred
and sixty instead of eighty acres of land.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Second amendment:
Insert in line twenty, after the word "lands" in
the proviso at the end of the bill, the words "or
lands mainly valuable for timber and not suitable
for cultivation so that the proviso will read:
Aiicl provided further. That no mineral lands or
lands mainly valuable for timber and not suitable
for cultivation shall be liable to entry and settlement
under its provisions.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Third amendment:
Add as a new section the following:
Anil be it further enacted, That the person applying
for the benefit of this act shall, upou application to
the register of the land office in which he or she is *
about to make such entry, make affidavit before the
said register or receiver that he or she is the head
ot a family, or is twenty-one years or more of aee, or
shall have perfmmed service in the Army or Navy
of the United States, and that such application is
made for his or her exclusive use and benefit, andthat
said entry is mado for the purpose of actual settle-
ment and cultivation, and not either directly or in-
directly tor the use or benefit of any other person or
persons whomsoevei; and upon fifing the said affi-
davit with the register or receiver, and on payment of
five dollars, he or she shall thereupon be permitted
to enter the amount of land specified; Provided,
hou-ever, That no certificate shall be given, or patent
issued therefor, until the expiration of five years from
the date of such entry; and if at the expiratonofsuch
time or at any time within two years theieafteiythe
person making such entry, or, if he be dead, his
widow: or in case of her death, his heirs or devisee;
or in case of a widow making such entry, her heirs
or devisee, in case of her death, shall prove by two
credible witnesses that he, she, or they have resided
upon or cultivated the same for the term of five years
immediately succeeding the time ot filing the affi-
i davit aforesaid, anu shall malie affidavit that no part
I of said land has been alienated, and thathe willbear
1 true allegiance to the Government of the United
j States; then, iu such case, he, she, or they, if at tho
I time a citizen of the United States, t-hnil be entitled
to a patent, as in other cases provided by law: And
provided further, That in case of the death of both
father and mother, leaving an infant child or chil-
dren under twenty-one years of age, the right and
fee shall inure to tho benefit of said infant child or
children; and the executor, administrator, or pcuard-
[ ian may, at any timo vnthm two y'mi- after tho
I death of the surviving parent^ and in accordance
i with the laws of the State in which such children, for
[ the time being, have their domicile, sell said lands
for the benefit of said inI:■::I -, but for no other pur-
!' no-e: and tho purchaser shall acquire the absolute
/ title by tho purchase, and bo entitled to a patent
i from the United States on the payment of the office
tees and the sum of money herein specified.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fourth amendment:
Add as a new section the following:
Sec. SrAnd be it further efinrtcd. That all tho pro-
visions of the said homestead law. andthcactamcnd-
atory thereof, approved March 21,18B3, so far as tho
same may bo applicable, except so far as the same
are modified by the preceding sections of thi= act. are
applied to and made part of this act as fully as if
herein enacted and set forth.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. JL'LIAN. I move that the House
appoint a committee of conference to act with
a similar committee of the Senate on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses.
The motion was agreed to.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. TROWBR [DGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that they had
examined and found truly enrolled a bill (H.
R. No. 103 j entitled "An act for the relief of
Mrs. William L. Herndon whieh was there-
upon signed by the Speaker.
prevention of cholera.
Mr. ELIOT. I ask unanimous consent to
report back from the Committee on Commerce
a joint resolution (IT. R. No. 110) to prevent
the introduction of cholera into the j:>oi'ts of
the United States, with certain Senate amend-
ments. in which the committee l-ccommeud
concurrence.
The amendments were read, as follows :
First amendment;
In line one strike out the word " President" trad
insert in lieu thereof the words "Secretary of tho
Treasiuy."
Second amendment:
In line seven strike out tho word "President" and
insert in lieu thereof the words "Secretary of the
Treasury." >
Third amendment:
Strike out all after tho word "to" in line seven
down to and including .the word "patients" in line
thirteen, and insert in lieu thereof the following:
Iiireet the revenue officers arid tne officers com-
manding revenue-cutter;^ to _aid in the execution of
such quarantine, and also in the execution ot tne
health laws of the States respectively, iu such maimer
as may to him seem uecessaiy.
