1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1811
in this bill to be, not that the principle is wrong,
but simply that it is an innovation upon the
practice of this House heretofore. Now, I ask
that gentleman if it is not proper fortius House,
at some period of time, to depart from the usages
of this House, if those usages have not been
strictly in accordance with the principle of
justice and right?
What is the new principle involved in this
bill, presented to the House by the Committee
onlnvaliij Pensions? It is, that upon the death
of the widow the pension shall continue to her
minor children, not to the children of the de-
ceased soldier, who are able to protect and
take care of themselves, but to the minor heirs
of the deceased soldier, those who have not
passed the age of sixteen years. Now, I appeal
to members of this House to say whether it has
not been the pledge of the people of this coun-
try to the men who entered the service of the
country to put down the late rebellion, that
they would not only protect the soldier who
was wounded in the discharge of his service,
but that they would take care of the orphan
children of the soldiers as the apple of the eye,
the jewels of the household? And if the prece-
dent has been wrong, it is the duty of Congress
to correct it. This principle is right, and I
appeal to this House to sustain it.
Mr. PERHAM. I wish to say just this: the
purpose of the committee was to place this
widow and her children in precisely the same
condition in which they would have been had
the pension been granted by the Pension Bu-
reau ; that is all. it is very true that usually
in passing acts of this kind we have not given,
by the terms of the act, a pension to the minor
children at the death of the mother. And the
consequence has been that these orphan chil-
dren have been obliged to come here to Con-
gress and obtain a special act for their own
benefit. And, so far as I know, Congress has
granted their prayer in every instance.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will ask
the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Periiam] if ho
has over known a special act passed providing
that in case of the death or the marriage of
the widow the pension should go to her minor
children ?
Mr. PERIIAM. I am not certain that that
has ever been done ; perhaps it has never been
done. But this is also true: that when we failed
to do that these minor children upon the death
of the widow have come back here and obtained
pensions. If the pension had been granted by
the Pension Bureau, then these children would
have been entitled to the pension m case of the
death or marriage of the mother. And in this
case we only ask that the same shall be estab-
lished now.
Mr. PIILL. The objection of the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Wasiibuiixe] to this billis
that it introduces a new principle in our legis-
lation. Now, if this be a new principle, let us
adopt it; it seems to mo to bo high time that
we should introduce a new principle. And if
it requires a revision of every bill upon this
subject which we have passed, then in God's
name let 11s revise them, and introduce a new
principle. Now, I confess to some surprise and
a little mortification when I see gentlemen on
this floor insisting upon a technical quibble to
deprive these children of what would have been
their clear legal right, if the death of the mother
occurred under the circumstances embraced in
the general pension law. I think it does not
speak well for tiie character of this House to
avoid giving this little pittance of compensa-
tion to these children, because it has the power
to do so by a mere quibble. Therefore I insist
that this principle should be incorporated _not
only into this bill, but into every bill of a simi-
lar 'natuie that may hereafter be framed, and
that, if necessary, former acts should be revised
so as to conform to this principle. The prin-
ciple is certainly correct: otherwise the prin-
ciple upon which we havx by general law
granted pensions to minor children is incorrect
and should no longer be sanctioned.
Mr. TAYLOR demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The amendment of Mr. Washbckxe, of
Illinois, was not agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. TAYLOR moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ansa e. ward.
Mr. TAYLOR reported, from the Committee
on Invalid Pensions, a bill granting a pension
to Anna E. Ward ; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill, which was read in extenso, provides
for the payment of a pension at the rate of
eight dollars per month to Anna E. Ward, of
the city of Washington, District of Columbia,
widow of the late Joseph D. Ward, second
Kentucky volunteers, the pension to continue
during her widowhood, and in the event of her
marriage or death, to bo paid to the minor
children of Joseph D. Ward, subject to the
limitations and restrictions of the pension laws.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. TAYLOR moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
spencer kellogg.
Mr. TAYLOR reported, from the Committee
on Invalid Pensions, a bill granting a pension
to Spencer Kellogg; which wag read a first and
second time.
The bill, which was read in extenso, provides
that the name of Spencer Kellogg, of Oswego
county, State of New York, bo placed on the
roll of invalid pensioners, and that there be
paid to his legally appointed guardian twenty
dollars per month, until the said Spencer Kel-
logg shall have attained the age of sixteen years;
the act to take effect from the Gtli day of Sep-
tember, 18C5.
The report, which was read, states that
Spencer Kellogg, the father of the ward of
Orville C. Brown, was fourth master of the
United States gunboat Essex, and was cap-
tured by the enemy, while in the discharge of
his duty, on or about August 15, 18G2, and was
executed in Richmond, Virginia, on the 2uth
of September, 18G3, by the rebels, charged
with being a spy; that the muster and pay-
rolls of the Essex were lost; that Congress,
by joint resolution approved June 80, 18G4,
directed the name of Mary Kellogg, widow of
Spencer Kellogg, and mother of the ward of
Orville C. Brown, to be placed upon the pen-
sion roll, with the pension incident to the rank
of her late husband ; that Mary Kellogg, widow
of said Spencer Kellogg, died September 0,
18G5, leaving a son and only child by said
Spencer Kellogg, deceased, to wit, Spenccr
Kellogg, ward of Orville C. Brown, now about
three years of age.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. TAYLOR moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
mrs. ann sheehey.
Mr. TAYLOR reported, from the Committee
on Invalid Pensions, a bill granting a pension
to Mrs. Ann Sheehey ; which was read a first
and second time.
The bill, which was read in extenso, provides
for granting a pension of eight dollars per month
to Ann Sheehey, of Boston, Massachusetts,
during her widowhood. It also provides that
the proper accounting officers of the Treasury
be authorized and directed to settle and ai^just
the accounts of John Sheehey, late a private
in company D, twenty-eighth Massachusetts
volunteers, and to pay to Ann Sheehey the
amount that may be found to have^been due
.said John Sheehey on the 8d of July, 1863, the
date of his death; this act to take effect from
and after its passage.
The report, which was read, states that Ana
Sheehey, the step-mother of John Sheehey,
performed the duties of a mother toward him
from 1850, when he was but six years old; that
in 1857 his father died, leaving him entirely
dependent upon his step-mother for support;
that about November 20, 1861, when John
enlisted, his step-mother had become feeble
and dependent upon him for support; and that
he was killed July 3, 18G3, while in the line of
his duty, at the battle of Gettysburg.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
strike out the last words, that it shall take effect
from and after the passage of this act, as it is
mere surplusage.
Mr. TAYLOR. I have no objection to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered^ to
be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. TAYLOR moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to l<iy the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
mrs. sally andrews.
Mr. TAYLOR, from the same committee
reported a bill granting a pension to Mrs. Sally
Andrews ; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place the name of Mrs. Sally Andrews, of
Buckstown, York county, Pennsylvania, widow
of the late Elijah Andrews, quarter gunner on
board of the Lcvetta Adams, upon the list of
invalid pensioners at the rate of eight dollars
a month during her widowhood, to take effect
from and after the passage of the act.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved that
the words "from and after the passage of this
act" be stricken out.
The amendment was agreed to.
It appears from the report that Elijah Andrews
was quarter gunner on board of the Levetta
Adams during the war of 1812, and that while
in the line of his duty, lie ruptured a blood-
vessel, producing hemorrhage and causing dis-
ability, from which he died on the 5th of April,
1820.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It seems
to me that is going a long way back.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. TAYLOR moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forxey,
its Secretary, informed the House that the
Senate had concurred in the amendment of the
House to Senate bill No. 105, to grant a right
of way to the Cascade railroad through a mil-
itary reserve in Washington Territory.
LEONARD ST, CLAIit.
Mr. TAYLOR, from the same committee,
reported back House bill No. 37, to grant a
pension to Leonard St. Clair, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
The bill directs that the name of Leonard
St. Clair be placed upon the pension list of the
I United States at the rate of six dollars per
month, from and after the passage of this act.
Mr. TAYLOR moved to strike out the last
words.
The amendment was agreed to.
It appears from the report that Leonard St.
Clair was a soldier in the war of 1812, and lost
