3732
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11,
convention shall keep voting until a S.enator is
elected. That cannot, it seems to me, be any
interruption to the business; and it is for the
purpose of securing an election of the Senator
that the two Houses shall not separate and
afterward, on account of some difference, re-
fuse to go into joint ballot again and elect. I
do not believe it would occur onfec in a hun-
dred years that any third party would standout
in the way which the Senator from Ohio sug-
gests and thus prevent the ordinary legislation
of the State. The very fact that they were pre-
vented from proceeding with other business
might operate to induce them to come into a
choice, because the business might be pressing
behind, and they might say to themselves, "We
cannot do any business until we settle this elec-
"tion, and therefore we will settle it." It seems
to me that it is a wise plan to secure the elec-
tion of a Senator in the end.
Mr. SHERMAN. In a memorable case in
the House of Representatives some years since
tie same rule applied, and legislation was de-
layed for nine weeks at a time because of the
failure of the. House to elect a Speaker. The
Senate could not proceed with business until
the House was organized; and a few men, six
in one instance and fifteen in another, held the
balance of power for weeks and weeks, almost
creating a revolution in this country.
. Mr. CLARK. And yet if that House could
have gone to other business without electing,
what would have been the consequence?
Mr. SHERMAN. The only way that diffi-
culty was got over was by violating the very
rule here prescribed; that is to say, the House
concluded finally to make an election by a plu-
rality. If the provision in this bill had been
the law of the House of Representatives and a
plurality could not elect, they never would
have organized except by a revolution. "
Mr. CLARK. It is for the purpose of se-
curing uniformity in these eases that the bill
provides that the election shall be by a major-
ity. I do not think there is any great danger
of such events occurring. They occur in a House
like that of Representatives in high party times
where each party is very tenacious of its can-
didate; but I do not think they would be likely
in a State Legislature where the members were
voting for a United States Senator. It seems
to me the bill is wise as it is. It clearly allows
an adjournment of the joint convention from
day to day, because a body so Constituted has
power by parliamentary law to adjourn. It
does not prevent that.
Mr.liOWE. I wish to move an amend-
ment, the importance of which was suggested
by the Senator from Ohio. I move, in the
first section, lines thirty-two, thirty-three, and
thirty-four, to strike out the words "vote, the
joint assembly shall continue to vote for Sena-
tor without interruption by other business until
a Senator shall be elected," and in lieu of them
to insert "day, the two Houses shall meet in
joint convention at twelve o'clock meridian of
each succeeding day and take at least one vote
until a Senator shall be elected;" so as to read:
And in ease no person shall receive such majority
on the first day, the two Houses shall meet in joint
cunvoiiuon at twelve o'clock meridian of eachsuc-
cccdijii; day and take atleastone vote until aSenator
shall be elected.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest to my friend from
Wisconsin whether it would not be a great deal
better to substitute a plurality rule alter a cer-
tain number of ballots. ["No," "No."]
Then you will have difficulty. Under this
bill I believe that after all the members have
disclosed their preferences, either ambitious
or corrupt minorities, factions, may defeat an
election, may prevent any business being done,
and may create just the very condition of things
that occurred once in Ohio where they almost
got to fighting each other, an4 which existed
twice in the House of Representatives, when
if it had not been for the adoption of the plu-
rality rule when General Banks was elected
Speaker we should never have organized the
House, and if it had not been- for the with-
drawal of one of the candidates in the other
&sse-to whieh I have referred there would not
have been an organization then. We shall get
in the same difficulty here that we had in the
House of Representatives on those occasions.
Mr. CLARK. Let us try this first and see.
Mr. HO WE. Managing elections which are
necessary to the organization of a House, is
one thing ; controlling elections which are only
to choose a member of another House, is fin-
other thing. It seems to me the proper pen-
alty, and the only proper penalty, to impose
upon a State for omitting to elect a Senator is
to leave it without that much representation in
this body. I do not see any necessity for im-
posing any other penalty; but it seems to me
that it is proper, while we are prescribing reg-
ulations, to require the Legislature to meet
every day and to make a bona fide attempt
each day of the session to make an election,
requiring the two Houses to come together for
that purpose ; but if being together they re-
fuse to concur, a majority of them, in the selec-
tion of a man, then the penalty falls upon the
State of being without one Senator in this body.
I do not care to impose any other.
Mr. JOHNSON. The amendment suggested
by my friend from Wisconsin would not leave
the State unrepresented, which he seems to
suppose is a sufficient penalty, because they
are to continue to sit from day to day until they
elect, as the amendment reads. They would
not be at liberty to adjourn until there was an
election. Therefore his object, if his amend-
ment stands as it is now worded, would not be
accomplished. But I rose not for the purpose
of saying that so much as to say that I think
the bill as it stands with the amendment sug-
gested by the Senator from Maine should be
passed.
Mr.FESSENDEN. The amendment I moved
was negatived.
Mr. JOHNSON. I meant the first amend-
ment suggested, adding the words "and organ-
ization" after the word " meeting." The first
section of the hill provides that each House is
to vote by itself. The Senate are of course
aware that in the beginning—and the same
opinion continued to be entertained a good
while after the Constitution was adopted—it
was very mueh doubted by some of the best men
of the country whether any election could be
made by the Legislature in any other way than
by the votes of both branches acting concur-
rently where the Legislature of the State con-
sisted of two bodies. The language of the
Constitution is that "the Senate of the United
States shall be composed of two Senators from
each State, chosen by the Legislature thereof.''
I do not speak with certainty, but either Chan-
cellor Kent or Mr. Justice Story, in his Com-
mentaries, has said that it was exceedingly
doubtful whether the true meaning of that pro-
vision is not that the choice is to be made by
the Legislature legislatively, and of course that
they are to act in the way in which they are
alone authorized to act by their State constitu-
tions under which they exist in the passing of
laws. Whether the doubt was originally well
founded I am not prepared to say; I rather
think it was; but the States have acted upon a
different construction of the Constitution since.
They have, however, adopted no uniform rule,
and wo have seen, upon more than one occa-
sion, the embarrassment consequent upon the
absence of a uniform rule. It was illustrated
in the recent case of the gentleman who sup-
posed himself to be a Senator from the State
of New Jersey. I do not propose, of course,
to argue that question again; but that was a
difficult question, in the judgment of a great
many; the Senate were nearly equally divided
on the matter; and I think every member of
the Senate who reflects upon the circumstances
of that case, and the actual and honest differ-
ences of opinion which prevailed among our-
selves, must have come to the conclusion that
it is very desirable to adopt some uniform rule
if we can do it._ This bill proposes to adopt a
uniform rule; it places it out of the power of
the States to adopt any other; and not only
that, but it makes it the imperative duty of the
States to elect according to this prescribed rule.
Now, my friend from Ohio says that the bill
is very objectionable, in providing that where
the Houses fail to agree upon a Senator, they
are to meet in joint meeting and to do nothing
else as a Legislature until a Senator is elected.
That, instead of being an objection, recom-
mends the bill to me. The Government of
the United States cannot go on without a rep-
resentation in the Senate of the United States.
The Constitution assumes that every State in
the Union will elect Senators ; and the Consti-
tution'in its spirit is obligatory upon every Stajte
to make such an election. The only way, as I
think, to compel the States to perform that
constitutional obligation is to stop the wheels
of the government of the State uutil that liigher
duty is performed. It is infinitely a higher duty
upon the part of the States and the members
of the Legislatures of the several States to elect
Senators of the United States, the Govern-
ment of the United States being important to
all the States, than it is to go on with their
ordinary legislation. The wheels of the gov-
ernment of the State may be stopped, and the
busines-s of the country may not be injured,
the character of the country may not in any
manner be_ affected, the power of the Govern-
ment may in no manner be diminished by that;
but all of this is, or may be, the result of a fail-
ure to elect Senators to the Congress of the
United States. It is no penalty at all which
provides that the Legislatures are to remain in
session until they make the 'election. It is
merely proscribing that as a duty. They are
subjected to no penalty for not performing it.
They are brought together merely by this bill
and told, "The business of your Legislature is
to be arrested until this paramount duty whieh
you owe to the Constitution of the United
States is performed of electing a Senator to
represent your State in the Senate of the Uni-
ted States." Not only is the particular State
interested in having that duty performed, but
every State is interested. I have as mueh
interest in having the State of Ohio represented
upon this floor as in having my own State rep-
resented. I am not here as the representative
of Maryland, nor is the Senator from Ohio
here as the representative of Ohio. We repre-
sent our respective States because we repre-
sent all the States; and it is our duty, and the
same duty, to take care of the interests of all
as to take care of the interests of our own State;
and (to state it in other words) we do take care
of the interests of our respective States when
we take care of the interests of all, for we are
bound altogether, to stand or to fall together,
as we generally and not individually prosper.
As has already been said, there can be no
doubt about the authority to pass the bill before
the Senate, and I have no doubt that theframers
of the Constitution anticipated as very possible
that the time would come when it would become
necessary for Congress to interfere in this mat-
ter. They would not have made the proyision
except on account of an anticipation that the
necessity for its exercise would subsequently
arise. They therefore said in the Constitution
that "the times, places, and manner of holding
elections for Senators" "shall beprescribed in
each State by the Legislature thereof; but the
Congress may at any time, by law, make or
alter such regulations except as to the place of
choosing Senators." The selection of the place
they left entirely to the authority of the State ;
but as to how they shall elect the Senator, what
regulations shall be prescribed for that purpose,
the Constitution provided should be (if Con-
gress should see proper to exercise the power
afterward) decided upon by Congress. Why
put that provision in the Constitution? Is it
not obvious that it was inserted for the purpose
of accomplishing some uniform regulation?
Congress cannot adopt partial regulations, reg-
ulations to be enforced in Maine, and different
regulations to be enforced in Maryland. The
regulations which Congress are authorized to
pass, and are only authorized to pass, are reg-
ulations which are to apply equally to all the
States. The Convention, therefore, looked to
the coming of a period when different regula-
