1812
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
his right arm by reason of exposure in the line
of his duty ; and„thathe is in indigent circum-
stances and lias a large family to support.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third time
and passed.
Mr. TAYLOR moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to rcconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that they had
examined and found truly enrolled bills of
the following titles; when the Speaker signed
the same :
An act (H. R. No. 86) making additional
appropriations, and to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the fiscal year ending the 30th
of June, 1866, and for other purposes ;
An act (H. R. No. 420) to provide arms and
ammunition for the defense of the inhabitants
of Dakota Territory; and
An act (H. R. No. 215) for the benefit of
John W. Campbell.
james fisher.
Mr. TAYLOR, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported a bill for the relief
of James Fisher; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill directs that the name of James
Fisher, late of the United States ship German-
town, bo placed upon the pension list at the
rate of six dollars per month, from and after
the passage of this act.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
strike out the last words, " from and after the
passage of this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. TAYLOR moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
sarah bonington.
On motion of Mr. SAWYER, the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions was discharged from
the farther consideration of the petition of
Sarah Bonington, and the same was referred
to the Committee of Claims.
martha j. willey.
Mr. STILWELL, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported a bill for the relief
of Martha J. Willey, widow of George W.
Willey, late corporal in company F, second
New Hampshire volunteers.
The bill grants a pension at the rate of
eight dollars per month from the 18th of April,
18tio, to continue during her widowhood.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
the reading of the report.
Mr. STILWELL. There is no report. I
can state the facts. Mr. Willey was in the ser-
vice three years. He received a parole for
thirty days, having reenlisted as a veteran, and
while at home on that parole he was taken sick
and died.
Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois. I have
the same objection to this bill that I had to the
bill introduced by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Taylor.] I do not like the pro-
vision in special cases that the pension shall go
to the minor children after the marriage or
death of the widow. I think it is a wrong
principle, and "that we ought to pass none of
these bills unless we have a written report, and
not only written, but printed, so that every
member can see for himself. The gentleman's
explanation may be very good for those who
hear it, but there ought to be a printed report
to go on the records of legislation.
Mr. STILWELL. I withdraw the bill.
henry coleman.
Mr. VAN AERNAM, from the Committee
on Invalid Pensions, reported adversely on the
petition of Henry Coleman, late seaman on
board of the United States transport McClel-
lan, for a pension.
Mr. RAYMOND. I would like a statement
in regard to that case, not with a view to im-
mediate action. As I understand it, the case
is simply this: this man came on board the
transport, but'was not mustered in as a regular
soldier on duty. On board that transport,
under command of an officer of the United
States Army, while engaged in firing a gun as
a salute, he was wounded. He has applied for
a pension, and I believe the committee have
made an adverse report, on the technical ground
that he was not mustered into the service.
Mr. STEVENS. Did we not pass a general
law on the subject covering these cases?
Mr. BENJAMIN. This man was hired, as
every other seaman is, by the party who char-
tered the vessel. He was in no way under the
orders of the Government, if he was wounded in
the manner stated, by firing a salute. He was
a seaman emploj'ed by a private party on board
of a vessel chartered for the Government.
Mr. RAYMOND. 1 would like to ask whether
in firing the gun he was not acting under orders
of an officer of the Army.
Mr. VAN AERNAM. He was under the
order of the captain who was in charge of the
vessel. The transport McClellan was char-
tered by the Government. The crew were
selected by the captain. This man lost his
arm while obeying the captain of the vessel
who had charge of the transport.
Mr. RAYMOND. I suggest that the mat-
ter lay over.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I wish to make
an inquiry. A number of cases have been
sent to me of this character, where the -per-
son is in the civil employment of the Govern-
ment of the United States and is killed in the
dischargeof duty under orders of the Secretary
of War. Now, I wislwto know whether there
has been any action taken in favor of giving to
the families of such persons pensions, or whether
they are rejected.
Mr. RAYMOND. I move that the hill be
recommitted 'to the committee with instruc-
tions that the committee inquire in regard to the
cases suggested by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Shellabarger,] and make a report ac-
cordingly.
Mr. PERHAM. I will state that the com-
mittee have had that subject under considera-
tion ; that various petitions have been referred
to them, and many propositions have been
made in relation to granting pensions to those
who have been in the civil service of the Gov-
ernment and have been injured, and to the
widows of those who have died, and the con-
clusion the committee have come to, for the
preseat at least, is that it is not advisable to
report in favor of providing for a general enact-
ment for their relief. It has been very fully
discussed.
Mr. VAN AERNAM. I have no objection
to its recommitment.
The question being taken on the motion to
recommit, no quorum voted.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Messrs. Raymond and Taylor.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—aves 57, noes 35.
The SPEAKER. The Chair votes in the
affirmative, making a quorum.
So the report was recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
adverse reports.
On motion of Mr. VAN AERNAM, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions
be discharged from the further consideration of the
petitions of Mary Ivirby Smith, of James Levier, and
of George Williams; and that the same be laid upon
the table.
john gordon.
Mr. VAN AERNAM, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported a bill for the relief
of John Gordon, accompanied by a report in
writing thereon.
, The bill was read a first and second time.
The report having been read, the bill was
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time;
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
the third time and passed.
Mr. VAN AERNAM moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
mary a. hamilton.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania, from
the Committee on Invalid Pensions, reported
back, with the recommendation that it do not
pass, bill of the Senate No. 56, granting a pen-
sion to Mary C. Hamilton; which was laid on
the table.
new york contested election.
The morning hour having expired, the House
resumed the consideration of the regular order
of business after the morning hour, being the
following resolutions reported from the Com-
mittee of Elections:
Resolved, That Hon. James Brooks is not entitled
to a seat in this House as a Representative in the
Thirty-Ninth Congress from the eighth district in
New York.
Renohed, That William B. Dodge is entitled to a
seat in this House as a Itepi esentative in the Thirty-
Ninth Congress from the eighth district in Ne*,v York.
The following amendment had been moved
by Mr. Marshall :
Strike out ali after the ivord "resolved," and insert
in lieu thereof the following:
That William E. Dodge is not entitled to a seat in
the House as a Representative in the Thirty-Ninth
Congress from the eighth district in New York.
The pending question was upon the follow-
ing resolutions, submitted by Mr. Garfield as
a substitute for the amendment:
Resolved, That the invalidity of the register of the
fifteenth district of the eighteenth ward of the city
of New York would not of itself justify the rejection
of the official returns of thecanvasser^of that district.
Resolved, That this case be recommitted totheCom-
mittee of Elections to report_ upon supplementary
proof to he made as provided in the next resolution.
Resolved, That either party be authorized to take
supplementary testimony respecting the election in
the fifteenth district of the eighteenth ward only,
before the 10t'n day of May next, complying with the
statutory regulations applicable to the case: Pro-
vided, That five dajs' notice of any proposed exami-
nation of witnesses shall be sufficient.
The SPEAKER. The time of the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Brooks] having
been extended yesterday for one hour, he is
now entitled to the floor.
Mr. BROOKS then concluded the speech
he commenced yesterday. [His speech will be
found in the Appendix.]
executive communications.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a message from the President
of the United States, transmitting a report from
the Secretary of State, with accompanying
papers, relative to the claim on the Government
of the owners of the British vessel Magicieun,
and recommending an appropriation for the
satisfaction of the claim, pursuant to the award
of the arbitrators; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a message from the President of the United
States, transmitting communications from the
Secretary of the Treasury and the Postmaster
General suggesting modifications of the oath
of office prescribed by the act approved J uly
2, 1802 ; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
new york contested-election case—again.
Mr. DAWES obtained the floor.
Mr, GRINNELL. I ask the gentleman to
yield me a few moments of his time.
Mr. DAWES. I am very anxious to close
this "debate, as I know every other member of
the House must be.
Mr. GRINNELL. I only desire a very few
moments.
