1-866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.,
3733
tions might exist in the several States, or no
regulation might exist, which would render it
the duty of Congress, with a vi< w t,o the interest
find tl.e safety of the Government, to guard
ngainfit the mischief consequent upon the ab-
sence of regulations, or the existence of im-
proper regulations, to provi Jo for both cases.
As to the objection sta'ed by my friend
from Ohio, that this bill will enable some fac-
tions minority of each branch to defeat an elec-
tion, they can do it now; they have done it,
according to his own statement. It has hap-
pened in Ohio; it has happened in Tennessee;
it has happened in two or three other States.
1 think it happened in my own Slate in relation
to one Senator. The existence of that was a
mischief, an admitted evil. It cannot happen
under the provisions of this bill, because it is
incumbent on the Legislature to meet on a
certain day and act, each House in its separate
legislative capacity, and failing to accomplish
the end, then it is made their duty to meet in
joint meeting on the subsequent day, and there
continue in session until they do elect, all
other business being arrested.
It appears to me—I thought fo in committee,
and I have but been continued in the opinion
since—that it is the interest of the Government
and in a great measure the safety of the Gov-
ernment that this bill or some bill like it should
become a law.
Mr. IIOWB. The Senator from Maryland
seems to think that the effect of the amend-
ment proposed by me would be such as to re-
quire the Legislature to continue permanently
in session until a Senator was elected, and
would in fact deprive them of the power of
adjourning until that event took place. I did
not intend that effect. I think I have not given
it that effect. The amendment simply requires
the two Houses, while they are in being, to
meet each day, and to take at least one vote.
When they have taken one vote they have ful-
filled the requirement of the law, as it will be
if the amendment is adopted, and having taken
that, one vote the joint convention will be at
liberty to dissolve, and, having dissolved, each
House will meet by itself and go on with its
ordinary business, and in the prosecution of its
ordinary business each House can vote to ad-
journ the body, and when the Legislature is
adjourned the two Houses are no longer in
existence, and the law will cease to act upon
them. But if 1 am mistaken in supposing this
is the true interpretation of it that can be cor-
rected by inserting after the words " each day"
the words '■ of the session.''
Mr. FESSENDEN. Suppose they do not
elect, can a succeeding Legislature elect?
Mr. HOWE. So long as there is a Legis-
lature in being it is made the duty of the two
Houses composing that Legislature to meet
every dav.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is true, but the
bill says in the beginning "the Legislature of
each State which shall be chosen next preced-
ing the expiration of the time for which any
Senator was elected to represent said State in
Congress." That is the Legislature designated.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The second section meets
the ease now suggested.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pomeroy
in the chair.) Does the Senator from Wiscon-
sin modify his amendment?
Mr. IIOWE. Yes, sir; by insertingthewords
"of the session" after ''each day." And now
one word upon the question whether we should
impose any other penalties upon the Slate for
not electing than simply the loss of its repre-
sentative here. The Senator from Maryland
puts this matter of electing Senators in the
light of a duty—a duty which the State owes
to°the Government; and so he is for imposing
very severe penalties upon the State for a neg-
lect or an omission or an inability to discharge
that duty. I have always held and I still hold,
that this matter of electing Senators and Rep-
resentatives to Congress is not a duty charged
upon the State, but a right conferred by the
Constitution upon the States.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the Senator permit
me to ask what would be the effect upon the
Government, if a majority of the States de-
clined to exercise the right, as he calls it, of not
sending representatives to the Senate? The
wheels of the Government would be stopped.
Mr. IIO'W E. If a majority of the States
should neglect to avail themselves of the right
to choose Senators and Representatives the
eonsequencc would happen that a majority of
the States would not be represented here, but
that the wheels of the Government would be
stopped thereby I do not concede for a moment.
I deny it utterly. If it be a right, as I assume,
and not a duty, no penalty falls upon the na-
tion because a State neglects to avail itself of
that right. The nation would survive this neg-
lect on the part of a majority, or four fifths, or
nine tenths of the States. 1 have once said,
and I still repeat, that as long as any two States
or any one State avails itself of this right, and
sends its Representatives here, then you have
a national Legislature; a Legislature which can
enact laws for the whole Union.
I am sorry to hear, especially from the Sen-
ator from Maryland, these very extreme rem-
edies urged upon us for the mere neglect of a
State right. I am for upholding the rights of
the States; I am for upholding the right of a
State to elect Representatives; but I am for
upholding the right of a State to ojjiit to elect
Representatives, and I am for upholding that
view of the Constitution under which the au-
thority of the nation is not impaired simply
because a State neglects its rights. When a
State disregards a positive injunction, violates
a duty imposed upon it by the Constitution,
then 1 agree with the Senator from Maryland
that very extreme penalties may be resorted
to. But I recollect that when I advanced the
doctrine that when States had not only refused
to choose Senators and Representatives to Con-
gress, but had actually taken up arms to over-
throw- the Government of the United States,
we had a right to stop the wheels of their gov-
ernment and to prohibit them from making
laws for the government of their own citizens,
the Senator from Maryland objected to it as
rather extreme and radical doctrine; but here
to-day, for the simple omission to elect its own
Senator, I find the Senator from Maryland in-
sisting that we have a right to deprive a State
of the power of making laws for itself, going
to the whole extent of whatever I claimed wc
might rightfully do for the crime of revolu-
tion and rebellion itself. Hereafter I have
only to say that I hope no man will class me
among the radicals. [Laughter.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before the question is
taken on the amendment of the Senator from
Wisconsin, I suggest to the Senator that he
should modify it so as to avoid the objection
that was suggested that they should meet, from
day to day indefinitely. It should be during
the session of the Legislature.
Mr. HOWE. I have put that in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Wisconsin as modified.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON'. In lines twenty-nine
and thirty of the first section I move to strike
out the words 11 a majority of all the members
elected to both Houses being present_and vot-
ing." I do not see that we have a right here
to determine what shall bo the Legislature of
a State. The Constitution provides that Sen-
ators shall be chosen in each State by the Le-
gislature. Suppose the Legislature of a State
is composed, as was once the case in Pennsyl-
vania, of only one branch; there can be no
doubt that the people of a State may by their
constitution abolish their Senate and have a
Legislature composed of but one branch ; and
I do not see that the Federal Government
could interfere with it.
It will be "observed that this bill provides
first that the Senator shall be elected by the
two branches of the Legislature. To that I
do not object with the facts before us, because
every State now has two branches to its Legis-
lature. It then provides that the Senator shall
be voted for in each House separately, and it
will be observed that a different rule is pre-
scribed for the election before the two branches
acting separately from that prescribed for them
when they go into joint session. In all the
western States we elect by joint session. The
constitution of my State provides that the elec-
tion shall be by the Legislature in joint ses-
sion. Hence this law will override the consti-
tution of the State of Missouri. There is no
provision in our constitution that we shall
elect in the separate branches of the Legisla-
ture ; and the member of the Legislature who
refuses to go into joint session for the election
of a Senator certainly will do so in the face of
the constitution and in obedience to this law
when it shall have been passed. It is provided
in this bill that—
At twelve o'clock, meridian, of the day following
that on which proceedings are required to take place,
ns aforesaid, the members of the two Houses shall
convene in joint assembly and the Journal of each
House shall then be read, and if the same person shall
have received a majority of all the votes in each
House, such person shall be declared duly elected
Senator to represent said State in the Congress of the
United States; but if the same person shall not liaro
received a majority of the votes in each House, or if
either House shall have failed to take proceedings as
required by this act, the joint assembly shall then
proceed to choose, by a viva voce vote of each mem-
ber present, a person for the purpose aforesaid, and
the person havin? a majority of all the votes of the
said joint assembly, a majoiity of all the members
elected to both Housesbeingpresentand voting, shall
be declared duly elected.
What is "a majority of all the votes in
each House?" Is it a majority of allelectcd?
Surely not. It means a majority of what the
State constitution may determine to be a quo-
rum. A Senator can be elected in the New
England States by a majority of a quorum. It
is in the power of the several States, I appre-
hend, to make a quorum consist of less than a,
majority of all the members elected. Is there
any power in Congress to say that a State Le-
gislature for legislative purposes shall consist
only of a majority of all elected ? I think not.
Suppose the constitution of the State of Mis-
souri provided that for all legislative purposes
one third of the members eleetcdto each branch
of the Legislature should constitute a quorum
to do business ; if they have a right to do it for
legislative purposes they have a right to do it
under the constitution for the purpose of elect-
ing a Senator. What is the Legislature of a
State? Has Congress the power to declare
what the Legislature shall consist of in a State,
because of the fact that it has the right to pre-
scribe the time and manner of electing Sena-
tors? In other words, can Congress decide
that one branch only shall be consulted in the
election ? Surely not. That is not pretended.
In the latter part of the clause which I have
read, it is provided that when the two Houses
go into joint session, not a majority of a quo-
rum to do business, but a majority of all the
members elected shall be present. Thus it
undertakes to prescribe what shall be a quo-
rum of the Legislature. I apprehend that we
have no authority to do that. All the author-
ity we have on the subject is derived from the
clause of the Constitution which empowers
us to prescribe the time and manner (not the
place) of choosing Senators. If we have a
right to determine what shall be a quorum in
the Legislature, wo have the right to deter-
mine what the Legislature is, because the same
clause that gives us the right to prescribe the
time and manner also says that the Senator
shall bo elected by the Legislature. What is
the Legislature, and who is to determine what
the Legislature of a State is? Can Congress
determine it? If Congress can determine it for
the election of Senators, I do not see why it
cannot for purposes of legislation. Is there any
difference? The Legislature is the body that
makes the laws, and the Constitution says that
the same Legislature shall elect Senators. In
any State one, third of all the members elected
to the Legislature may be declared a quorum
to do business by its constitution; and yet here
it is proposed to say that a majority of all the
members elected must be present.
I do not think Congress has the right, in
