1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
833
Laws of the United States.
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
of the Council shall be elected for the term of
four years, and members of the House for the
term of two years, and shall receive the sum of
six dollars per day instead of three dollars
heretofore allowed, and shall also receive the
same mileage now allowed by law.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That each
House shall have authority to elect, in addition
to the officers now allowed by law, an enrolling
clerk, who shall receive five dollars per day.
The chief clerks shall receive six dollars per
day, and the other officers elected by said Legis-
lature shall receive five dollars per day each.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
first election, for the first biennial session under
this act, shall be at the time of holding the
general election for the Territory in the year
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
act of the Legislative Assembly of the Territory
of Washington, approved January fourteenth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-five, entitled "An
act in relation to the county of Skamania," be,
and the same is hereby, disapproved.
Approved. June 29,18G6.
Ciiap. CLVI.—An Act to create the Office of
Surveyor General in Idaho Territory.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the President, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, shall
be, and he is hereby, authorized to appoint a
surveyor general for Idaho, whose annual sal-
ary shall be three thousand dollars, and whose
power, authority, and duties shall be the same
as those provided by law for the surveyor gen-
eral of Oregon. He shall have proper allow-
ances for clerk hire, office rent, and fuel, not
exceeding what is now allowed by law to the
surveyor general of Oregon, and he shall locate
his office at Boise City, in said Territory of
Idaho.
Approved, June 29, 1866.
Chap. CLVIII.—An Act to extend the Time
fur the Reversion to the United States of
the Lands granted by Congress to aid in the
Construction of a Railroad from Amboy, by
Hillsdale and Lansing, to some point on or
near Traverse Bay, in the State of Michigan,
and for the Completion of said Road.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Stales of America in
Congress assembled, That the time limited by
the fourth section of an act entitled ''An act
making a grant of alternate sections of the pub-
lic lands to the State of Michigan, to aid in the
construction of certain railroads in said State,
and for other purposes," approved June three,
eighteen hundred and fifty-six, for the comple-
tion of the railroad from Amboy, by Hillsdale
and Lansing, to some point on or near Traverse
bay, shall be, and hereby is, revived and ex-
tended for the pei-iod of seven years, from and
after the third day of June, one thousand eight
hundred and sixty-six; and that said grants
shall continue and remain in full force and
effect for and during that period, as if it had
been so provided in said fourth section of said
act of June three, eighteen hundred and fifty-
six : Provided, That the Amboy, Lansing, and
Traverse Bay Railroad Company, a corpora-
tion organized under the laws of the State of
Michigan, shall forfeit all right to said grant,
or any part thereof which it may now have, or
which may hereafter be conferred upon it by
the Legislature of the State of Michigan, if and
whenever the said company shall fail, in whole
or in part, fully and completely to perform any
of the following conditions, that is to say: first,
to clear, grub, and grade twentj' consecutive
miles of the road-bed of said road between
Owasso and Saginaw City, so that the same
shall be in readiness for the lies and iron by
the first day of February, eighteen hundred and
sixty-seven; second, to fully complete said road
from Owasso toSaginaw City, so that the same
shall be in readiness for the running of trains
by the first day of November, eighteen hundred
and sixty-seven; third, to fully complete in like
manner twenty miles of said road in each and
every year after the said first day of November,
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, and to fully
complete the entire road by the time limited by
this act: And provided further, That in case
of failure of said Amboy, Lansing, and Trav-
erse Bay Rail Company to perform any of the
above conditions by the respective times lim-
ited therefor, the Legislature of the State of
Michigan may at its first session after any such
failure, confer the said grant upon some other
railroad corporation or corporations, upon such
terms and conditions as the Legislature may
see fit, to carry out the purposes of the said act
of June three, eighteen hundred and fifty-six,
and when so conferred, such corporation or
corporations shall be entitled to have and enjoy
all of the said grant which shall not then have
been lawfully disposed of, to the same extent
and in the same manner and for the same pur-
poses, as if the same had been originally con-
ferred upon such corporation or corporations.
And any such railroad corporation or corpora-
tions, whether now organized or hcreafler«to
be organized, upon which said grant maybe so
conferred in whole or in part, may receive the
same without prejudice to any land grant or
other rights or franchises previously acquired.
But in no case shall such corporation or corpo-
rations be entitled to receive more than ten
sections of land to the mile, for that portion
of said road which may be consolidated in ac-
cordance with the provisions of this act: And
provided further, That if the Legislature shall,
in any such case of failure, so confer said grant
as above provided, then the said lands, or so
much thereof as shall then remain not lawfully
disposed of, shall be subject to the disposal
and future control of said Legislature, as pro-
vided in section three of said act of June three,
eighteen hundred and fifty-six, until the expi-
ration of the time limited by this act. But in
case the said Legislature shall in such case fail
to so confer said grant, then the said lands
shall revert to the United States.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
Flint and Pere Marquette Railroad Company
may change the western terminus of its road to
some point on Lake Michigan, at or south of
Grand Traverse bay; and any railroad corpo-
rations, having a right to the respective land
grants specified in the said act of June three,
eighteen hundred and fifty-six, located in the
lower peninsula of the State of Michigan, may
unite and contract with each other, or with
any other railroad corporation or corporations,
for the construction and operation of a single
line of road for any portion of their routes, with-
out prejudice to any land grants, or other rights
or franchises previously acquired. And any
and all such corporations are hereby authorized
to change the location of their lines of road, so
far as may be necessary, for the purpose of such
consolidation, but not so as to change their re-
spective termini otherwise than is authorized
by this act. And whenever any change of ter-
minus or location of line is made, as provided
for in this act, the corporation or corporations
making such change, shall file in the General
Land Office new maps definitely showing such
change and the new line of road adopted: Pro-
vided, That the road mentioned in the first sec-
tion of this act shall run on the west side of
Saginaw river, and that the principal depot
shall be located in the northern portion of the
plat of Saginaw City, so as best to accommo-
date the cities of Saginaw and East Saginaw.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
lands granted by the said act of June three,
eighteen hundred and fifty-six, to aid in the
construction of the railroad described in the
first section of this act, shall be disposed of
Only in the following manner, that is to say:
when the Governor of the State of Michigan
shall certify to the Secretary of the Interior
that ten or more consecutive miles of said road
have been completed in a good and substantial
manner, as a first-class railroad, stating defi-
nitely the commencement and termination of
each completed portion of said road and the
corporation or corporations so entitled to lands
on account thereof, the Secretary'of the Inte-
rior shall cause patents for lands for such com-
pleted portion of said road to be issued to said
corporation or corporations: Provided, That
none of said lands shall be acquired or so pat-
ented for any portion of said road so completed
south of the intersection of said road with the
Detroit and Milwaukee railway, until the whole
of said road north of said intersection shall have
been completed and the lands therefor patented
as aforesaid : And provided further, That the
road mentioned in the first section of this act
shall be and remain a public highway for the
use of the Government of the United States, and
shall transport, free from toll or other charges,
all property, troops, and munitions of war be-
longing to the same.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That all
laws and parts of laws inconsistent with the
provisions of this act are hereby repealed.
Approved, July 3, 1800.
Ciiap. CLIX.—An Act to amend an Act enti-
tled "An Act to amend an Act entitled 'An
Act to aid in the Construction of a Railroad
and Telegraph Line from the Missouri River
to the Pacific Ocean, and to secure to the
Government the Use of the same for postal,
military, and other purposes,' approved July
1, 1862," approved July 2, 1864.
Be it enacted by the Senate, and. House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Union Pacific
Railway Company/ eastern division, is hereby
authorized to designate the general route of
their said road and to file a map thereof, as now
required by law, at any time before the first day
of December, eighteen hundred and sixty-six;
and upon the filing of the said map, showing
the general route of said road, the lands along
the entire line thereof, so far as the same may
be designated, shall be reserved from sale by
order of the Secretary of the Interior: Pro-
vided, That said company shall be entitled to
only the same amount of the bonds of the Uni-
ted States to aid in the construction of their
line of railroad and telegraph as they would
have been entitled to if they had connected
their said line with the Union Pacific railroad
on the one hundredth degree of longitude as
now required by law : And provided further,
That said company shall connect their line of
railroad and telegraph with the Union Pacific
railroad, but not at a point more than fifty miles
westwardly from the meridian of Denver in
Colorado.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
Union Pacific Railroad Company, with tho
consent and approval of tho Secretary of the
Interior, are hereby authorized to locate, con-
struct, and continue their road from Omaha,
in Nebraska Territory, westward, according to
the best and most practicable route, and without
reference to the initial point on the one hun-
dredth meridian of west longitude, as now pro-
vided by law, in a continuous completed line,
until they shall meet and connect v« iih the Cen-
tral Pacific Railroad Company of California;
and the Central Pacific Railroad of California,
with the consent and approval of the Secretary
of the Interior, are hereby authorized to locate,
construct, and continue their road eastward,
in a continuous completed line, until they shall
meet and connect with the Union Pacific rail-
road: Provided, That each of theabove-named
companies shall have the right, when the na-
ture of the work to be done, by reason of deep
cuts and tunnels, shall for the expeditious con-
struction of the Pacific railroad require it, to
work for an extent of not to exceed three hun-
