1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2773
of Florida, Mississippi, Alabama, Louisiana,
and Arkansas, the reservation is of one million
acres; and I would say in regard to this sec-
tion that if the bill ivhich has just been reported
from the Senate, and which has now gone to a
conference committee, should become a law—
I refer to the homestead lair which passed this
House some time ago—this section will become
of no value, and will be stricken from the bill.
That time will have arrived before, in the reg-
ular order of things, this bill shall have passed
both branches of Congress. If that bill does
not become a law, for reasons which I will
attempt to show it is essential that this section
should be retained. If it does become a law,
the provisions of that law will enable the
Department to provide for the freedmen with-
out the aid of the fifth section of this bill.
The sixth section, as it is now reported,
refers to the Sherman lands, and is substan-
tially altered from the provision of the previous
law. It now provides that when the former
owners of those lands, which are now allotted
to the freedmen, and which have been occu-
pied, as it is known, by them under licenses
from the Government, shall apply for a resto-
ration, the Commissioner shall procure other
lands, provided he can obtain them at an av-
erage price not exceeding twenty-five dollars
per acre; that he shall assign them, in lots
of forty acres, to the occupants of lands under
General Sherman's order, requiring them to
pay a fair rental for the lands and permit them
to purchase, provided they will pay to the Gov-
ernment the full cost which the Government
has incurred for the lands. The provision is
that no sale shall be made of the lands pur-
chased at a price less than the cost to the
United Statfes.
The seventh section very materially changes
the former law which authorized the purchase
of sites, and the erectioti of buildings for
schools, and the carrying on of those schools ;
and it wa3 made a subject of comment that the
United States ought not to educate. It will be
seen upon an examination of this section that
all that it is proposed to do here is to procure
buildings for the schools. The Commissioner
is authorized to cooperate with private benev-
olent associations of citizens, and to provide
proper sites and buildings, for purposes of edu-
cation, whenever such associations shall, with-
out cost to the Government, provide suitable
teachers and means of instruction, and he shall
furnish such protection as may be required for
the conduct of such schools, and the property
shall remain the property of the United States
until sales are authorized by law. It will be
seen that the object of this section is to provide
school-houses and protect those school houses,
while the schools themselves are conducted by
associations of benevolent individuals from the
North and West, or from any part of the coun-
try where associations are formed for purposes
of education. I can hardly imagine that any
gentleman can object to a provision of that
kind. It is perfectly plain that education can-
not be secured to these freedmen unless the
Government, for the present, shall protect the
buildings in which the schools are conducted.
It is needless that I should occupy time in
efforts to prove that proposition.
The eighth section simply embodies the pro-
visions of the civil rights bill, and gives to the
President authority, through the Secretary of
War, to extend military protection to secure
those rights until the civil courts are in opera-
tion. When the civil courts shall again be in
operation the whole jurisdiction hereby con-
ferred ceases. Before that time there is no
jurisdiction anywhere except in the military.
Until that time there can bo no redress of
grievances and no administration of the rights
which under the law are now possessed by the
freedmen but by military aid. ■ But as soon as
the civil courts are reorganized and reestab-
lished, then this bill provides that the jurisdic-
tion conferred upon the officers of the bureau
shall no longer exist. In other words, it is
carrying out what has been done since
organization of the bureau in March, 18CC
The last section simply provides that the
officers and employes of the bureau before
entering upon the discharge of their duties
shall take the oath prescribed by the first sec-
tion of the act to which this is an amendment.
[Some excitement was here manifested among
members.] I hope, Mr. Speaker, that the inter-
ruption caused by the late news from Connec-
ticut will not be taken out of my time.
Several Members. What is the news?
Mr. ELIOT. I understand the news is that
Mr. Perry has been elected by both Houses of
the Connecticut Legislature a Senator of the
United States. [Applause, promptly checked
by the Speaker.]
Mr. LE BLOND. I move that business be
suspended to allow members an opportunity to
shout. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. How long a time does the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Le Bloxd] desire?
Mr. LE BLOND. Well, sav five minutes.
Mr. ELIOT. _ We can defe'r that for the
present. It will do just as well at another
time. I prefer to proceed with my remarks
now.
Mr. Speaker, wherever we tnrn in our legis-
lative path we encounter questions of freedmen
and freedmen's rights ; they face useverywhere.
No peace can come that will "stay" until the
Government which decreed freedom shall vindi-
cate and enforce its rights by appropriate legis-
lation. Absent States may return to their alle-
giance pursuant to laws which you enact, but
no true welcome will be found until some suffi-
cient measure of justice shall be meted out to
the men whom "military necessity" converted
from slaves to citizens. No man, forever here-,
after, can live upon our continent and be a
slave. That much by the sword and by the
law has been decreed. During all our national
life, before the slaveholder's rebellion began,
from time to time, by leading political parties
in the free States it was passionately urged
that somehow or other slavery must be abol-
ished. But their action was not persistent and
could never have been effective, because at one
and the same point both parties stopped, and
that point was short of freedom; for it was
believed that Congress could not, under the
Constitution, act concerning slavery within the
States, and so this crime, which most of the
fathers who framed our organic law detested,
was, by contemporaneous construction of that
law, placed beyond the reach of national legis-
lation.
The power to adjust what were termed
"domestic relations," which were held to
include the relation between the white master
who owned and the man of African descent
who was the subject of bondage, was not
regarded as included in the powers delegated
to the United States or prohibited by the Con-
stitution to the States, and therefore fell among
the reserved powers of the Stales. \\ hether
this was right or wrong, it was the accepted
law, which only secession ordinances and fla-
grant war enabled us successfully to overrule,
and now by military proclamation, compelled
by necessity, but resting upon principles of
eternal justice, and by State emancipation, and
finally by constitutional amendment, universal
freedom has been ordained. The knot which
politicians could not untie during eighty years
ot' peace the sword of Mr. Lincoln cut at one
blow. The power to liberate, which is now
confessed, involved the duty to protect, and the
Frecdmen's Bureau wa5 its earliest legal recog-
nition. I claim for Congress full power^ to
protect, by fit legislation, the freedom which
was thus for the avowed good of the Govern-
ment conferred by the Commander-in-Chief
and confirmed by subsequent law. '• I do this
as an act of military necessity," Mr. Lincoln
said. But when he had done that act, which
was rightfully done, according to the laws of
war then operating in full force, the duty and
the power of Congress were at once disclosed.
Upon that power, thus derived, the right and
the duty of Congress to establish the Freed-
'nien's Bureau will be found to rest securely.
Since the establishment of this bureau an-
Sher source of power has been given to us by
e people of the States acting through their
Legislatures. The great amendment declare?
that—
"Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, ex-
cept as a punishment for crime whereof the party
shall have been duly convicted, shall esift within the
United States or any place subject to their jurisdic-
tion."
And by its second section confers upon Con-
gress, by direct grant, " power to enforce this
article by appropriate legislation." By this
act alone freedom in every State was by the
people suddenly conferred upon four million
bondmen. Whether military power hadeffect-
ually wrought its work or not that amendment
was effectual. States that had emancipated
might reensdave. But that amendment in-
stantly, when ratified, worked perpetual free-
dom. States which had not formally united
their fortunes with the rebel government be-
came at once subject to the power of that amend-
ment, and in a moment the bondmen within
their borders were made free.
By necessary implication, if the second sec-
tion had not conferred it, we should, I trust,
have found and asserted the power to protect
the freedmen. But there is the grant of power.
And whatever legislation Congress—the sole
and exclusive judge in the first instance, sub-
ject ultimately to the judgment of the highest
judicial tribunal of the Union—shall deem to
be appropriate to make fairly effective the great
grant of freedom is thus authorized and en-
joined. A race of men enslaved by force and
kept in bondage for generations, not recog-
nized as clothed with manhood; helcl, clothed,
fed for service; denied education, knowing
no relation of husband, wife, or parent, but
only of master and slave, after two centuries
of oppression is declared free—free at one
moment, free where they happen to be.^ upon
the plantation, within the homes of their former
masters, and under the angry eye of owners
who see their "property" transformed into
"men," and made citizens by law. Now, what
legislation do you deem appropriate to enforce
that act of freedom? Manifestly some is needed;
for if the startling facts that come to us from
the recent rebel States, of fiendish oppression
and brutal outrage, were wholly undisclosed,
we yet should know that masters who had
rioted in the lusts of slavery would not let their
bondmen go in peace : or if they did, we still
should know that a race prostrate for genera-
tions beneath the heel of tyrannous power could
not have their freedom made effectual without
our legislative aid.
And yet since that great amendment became
a living law we have done nothing, literally
nothing, to protect them. The Freedmen's
Bureau was a necessity created by military
law. It was a law before the amendment was
ratified by three fourths of the loyal States.
Nov/, another condition of facts exists, and
everv day lost by our inaction adds to the great
weight we bear of duty undischarged. 1 re-
member that we have sent to the President one
bill. It had been passed, as I know we all
believed, with his substantial approval, not
of all its provisions, perhaps, but of its scope
and general character. But we were m error.
Let us try again. I do not know that any
utterance of mine within these Halls can reach
the presence of that high officer whom I
labored to lift up from among his fellows, while
men who now attempt to win liim from those
who were his friends, by fulsome praise, were
heaping abuse upon liim mountain-high, and
that not in loyal States alone, but in rebel
communities, and among traitors red-handed
with the blood of our slain sons, and armed
to take the nation's life. But, sir, if I could
be heard I would, in behalf of these freed-
men, invoke his aid. Our action, without his
cooperation must lie partial and of imperfect
effect. Among the thirteen powers conferred
by the Constitution upon the President the
"veto power'' was given as a needful guard
to the people's rights when laws ill-advised
or rash or contravening the Constitution are
enacted. Such power is itself controlled by a
