1814
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
otherwise than in precisely the same way that
money is spent by everybody in elections, in
paying the expense of hiring carriages, pro-
curing speakers, porting handbills, and in all
the variety of methods in which money is usually
and properly expended in elections.
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, let me
say 
Mr. DAWES. I decline to be further inter-
rupted.
Mr. MARSHALL. Of course, if the gentle-
man will make these statements and will not
permit corrections I must submit to it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Diwr.s] declines to yield, and
must proceed without interruption.
Mr. DAWES. Let me read from the testi-
mony of the sitting member's own witness—
Elliot C. Cowden:
" I can only give you the leading idea. The idea
was that Mr. Brooks had strong backers and was in
the way of raising a great deal of money—he men-
' tioned through whom, but I don't remember now—
and that no amount of money was wanted to carry on
Mr. Brooks's election; and on the other hand, his
means were very small; and while he did not ask us
for a dollar, we thought it politic to give him some
money—Mr. Cannon and myself—and we did it with-
out saying a word to any one to my knowledge. It
may have got out; those things always do; but Mr.
Dodge was not consulted in regard to it; he knew
nothing about it to my knowledge."
Mr. Speaker, one word more and I will pro-
ceed to what belongs to this case. I want to
know for what purpose the sitting member has
paraded the income of this contestant. For
what purpose is it that he is continually refer-
ring to the abundance of the contestant's
wealth ? Is it for the same purpose in refer-
ence, to this tribunal as appears in the charge
in the New York Express, that the contestant
had succeeded in carrying his case through the
committee by the force of his money?
Mr. BROOKS. Has the gentleman from
Massachusetts ever seen such a statement pub-
lished in the New York Express?
Mr. DAWES. Is it denied?
Mr. BROOKS. Have you ever read such a
statement in the New York Express?
Mr. DAWES. I want to know whether the
object is the same, whether the insinuation is
the same touching this House when he parades
the money of the contestant, as that which was
made in the New York Express—that this case
was put through by the force of the contestant's
money?
Mr. BROOKS. Did you ever read any such
thing in the Express?
Mr. DAWES. Is it not there ?
Mr. BROOKS. Did you ever read it?
Mr. DAWES. I make this statement upon
my own responsibility.
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman cannot say
he ever read any such thing there. Let me say
I have never read anything like that in the Ex-
press. ^should deeply regret to have anything
like that in the Express. So far from believ-
ing the Committee of Elections would be influ-
enced by Mr. Dodge's money, I do not believe
all of his money would buy the poorest man
on it.
Mr. DAWES. I do not believe the gentle-
man would put it in the jjaper himself; it must
have been put there in his absence. I take his
own statement that he knows nothing about it.
I stated it has been charged, and I asked whether
he was trying to make the same argument to
the House. I beg pardon if I have done him
injustice. I regret that I have been compelled
to say a word about this matter. I would not
have alluded to it, Mr. Speaker, if I had not
felt it was necessary for some one to repel the
charge which seemed to be made upon this
undefended contestant, when there is not a
member of the committee who can put a finger
upon a single dollar of money which has been
used improperly in this ease, whether by the
contestant or any of his friends. But it has
been brought up here, and this parade of his
income has been made before this House for
some purpose best known to the sitting mem-
ber, which I wish I could explain charitably.
Mr. Speaker, if the contestant had paraded
before the House that the sitting member was
using his paper at home and his party at home
for any such purpose, if the contestant had con-
sented to such a mean and contemptible per-
formance before the Committee of Elections, I
should have felt bound to have treated it with
all the indignation it deserved.
The Committee of Elections have weighed
this testimony as well as they could. We may
have erred. We claim nothing ourselves. The
members of that committee claim nothing be-
yond others, to sift and weigh testimony, and
to judge properly of the conclusion to come to.
But they do claim, Mr. Speaker, that they have
faithfully examined and weighed this case.
They do claim that they have spared no pains.
They have spared no labor. They have omitted
no opportunity. They have turned a deaf ear
to no argument, come from what sourceitmay.
I have before me, taken from the record, a list
of the time expended by the committee in giv-
ing the sitting member and the contestant the
opportunity they desired. Ten days, two hours
each day, we listened to the learned gentleman
from New York. We heard no complaint he
had one word more. The records show that
he took two weeks to prepare a brief of what
he had said. The committee waited two weeks
more before they came to a decision. Is it
proper for him then to make any charge against
the committee?
What has transpired, Mr. Speaker, in the
hearing of this case from first to last to justify
the gentleman in his charge on the chairman
of the committee that since the action of the
House on the Bruce and Loan case he has
failed to bring to the discharge of his duties
here an upright and unbending purpose?
Sir, I have been now eight years on this com-
mittee, not by any request of mine, sometimes
put there against my remonstrance. During
that time the records of the committee show
that fifty contested-election cases out of eighty
that have existed in the last thirty years have
come before the Committee of Elections, and
I stand recorded on every one of them, and on
no report ever made by me has the House
differed with me or failed to sustain me.
I make no pretension to any ability mani-
fested in those reports, but I have this to say,
that poorly as I may have been able to discharge
the responsible duties of this position, there is
one thing about them of which I am proud, and
that is, they are all consistent. There is no
conflict during all that eight years.
Mr. Speaker, the party with whom I have
affiliated has been in power, and yet the book
of contested elections shows that of the reports
I have made quite a number of them have been
against my party, and I repeat, that on none
of them has the House failed to sustain me.
But that is of less consequence than the fact
that at the close of this whole career, now
drawing voluntarily to a close, I shall leave in
this book a record which, if adhered to, I can
trust my party associates on this floor with, if
in the vicissitudes of fortune they shall come
into a minority. No one decision in this book,
for which in any degree I am responsible, will
be found in conflict with any other, nor will
any be found in conflict with the principles that
will protect my party if they come into a mi-
nority, as I feel some conscious pride in saying
they have to some extent protected the minor-
ity of this House on some occasions when I
have felt, there was some pressure upon them.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I want to ask the House,
is there anything that calls upon the House to
treat this case otherwise than we have treated
other cases? Is there anything in the position
of the distinguished gentleman who now occu-
pies this seat, or in that of .his distinguished
contestant, or in the circumstances in which we
stand, that calls upon us to treat it otherwise
than the House has treated cases for the last
thirty years that have come before it? If there
is, I have failed to see it; and in listening most
attentively to what has been said here on one
side and on the other, I have failed to hear one
reason offered or suggested why we should not
treat this case as we have treated all that have
gone before.
± For one I do not propose to stand reSorded
in this case in any other light «nor under any
other precedent than that which has governed
me and the House in all the cases in which I
have participated in bringing to a conclusion
upon this floor; and until I hear some reason,
I hope it will be sufficient for me to show that
this case is like those which have passed before
the House, upon which, after the most delib-
erate and calm consideration, we have entered
judgment for and against the parties, and
handed down that judgment to those who are
to come after us, as testimony that we deal
impartially with contestants^ in this body.
Sir, what is claimed by this committee ? Not
that because a board of registry was appointed
and constituted of men who were not residents
of their district that made the election void.
There is no such claim by this committee as
that the appointment of incompetent registrars
made void the election. Nor is it claimed that
because they did not appoint a clerk according
to law, or did not administer the oath required
b'y law, that made the election void. Nor is it
claimed that because they did not hold their
meetings according to law that made the elec-
tion void. Nor that, when they did hold their
meetings, because they did not discharge the
duties imposed upon them by law, that made
the election void.
What, then, is claimed by the Committee of
Elections? It is this: that all these things put
together were means through which fraud en-
tered into the ballot-box in that district. Not
that one of them, of itself made the election
void, not that all of them put together made it
void, but that by means of them all fraud came
into that box.
" The committee are of the opinion that there was
no registry at this district; that neither of the per-
sons appointed as registrars was competent to hold
the office; that the man acting as clerk acted with-
out authority; that the mode of making up the
registry itself was a fraud upon the registry law, and
in no manner a compliance with its provisions; that
the use of such registry at the polls as a guide to the
inspectors of electi on contributed directly to the poll-
ing of fraudulent votes, and that the large and unac-
counted for increase of votes at this poll is directly
attributed to these departures from, and violations
of, plain provisions of law, and that to accept the
result of such poll so taken and so counted as the
true account of legal votes only, is to sanction most
inexcusable violations of important provisions of
law, essential to the purity of the ballot-box."
Is there anything erroneous in law in that
conclusion? The committee have not stopped,
as I said before, at what would be the effect if
any one of those departures from the law alone
existed, but they have taken for their guide the
law of the State of New York, as laid down in
4 Selden, and followed it literally in the con-
clusions to which they have come. I read the
syllabus:
"An irregularity in conducting an election, which
does not deprive a legal voter of his vote, or admit a
disqualified person to vote, if it cast no uncertainty
on the result, and has not been occasioned by the
agency of a party seeking to derive abenefit from it,
may be overlooked in ail action in the nature of a
quo warranto."
That is the position taken. All these things
may have existed, and still no evidence of fraud
in the ballot-box.
The court, m the case referred to, says:
"It is not to be disguised that there were irregu-
larities in this district for which the inspectors were
censurable, and perhaps liable to be punished by
indictment. Had the defendant's counsel contended
on the trial that these irregularities rendered the
state of the canvass uncertain, he should have asked
to go to the jury with the question whether the votes
were accurately canvassed or not. By omitting t,o do
so, and by conceding that the questions were ques-
tions of law, and not of fact, and allowing it to be
proved, without objection, that the votes were accu-
rately canvassed, nothing was left but the abstract
question whetheran omission to comply with the stat-
utory requirements in question per se invalidated
the votes of that district. If these requirements be
directory, and not jurisdictional, the learned judge
was right in deciding that tho votes were properly
allowed."
Now, sir, it comes to a question of fact,
whether through these agencies frauds were per-
petrated on the ballot-box; and all that has been
said by the committee in reference to the char-
acter of these illegalities was only to show how
they contributed directly to the bringing of
fraudulent votes into the ballot-box. The regis-
