334
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 3,
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
dred miles in advance of their continuous com-
pleted lines.
Approved, July 3, 1806.
Chap. CLX.—An Act granting certain Lands
to the_ State of Michigan to aid in the Con-
struction of a Ship-Canal to connect the
Waters of Lake Superior with the Lake
known as Lac La Belle, in said State.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there be, and is
hereby, granted to the State of Michigan, for
the use and benefit of the "Lac La Belle Har-
bor and Improvement Company," a company
organized under and by virtue of the laws of
the State of Michigan, for the purpose of aiding
in the construction of a ship-canal to connect
the waters of Lake Superior with the lake known
as Lac La Belle, in said State, one hundred
thousand acres of the public lands of the United
States in the upper peninsula of Michigan, to
be selected from the odd-numbered sections of
land nearest the location of the said canal, not
otherwise reserved or appropriated, nor desig-
nated by the United States as " mineral lands"
prior to the passage of this act, nor to which
the rights of preemption or homestead have
attached: Provided, That the said canal shall be
at least one hundred feet wide at the top, sev-
enty-five feet wide at the bottom, and shall have,
when completed, a depth of water through its
entire length of at least twelve feet, running
from sixteen feet of water in Lake Superior to
fourteen feet of water in Lac La Belle: And
provided further, That said canal shall be and
remain a public highway for the use of the Gov-
ernment of the United States, free from toll or
charge upon the vessels of said Government,
or upon vessels employed by said Government
in the transportation of any property or troops
of the United States.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
lands hereby granted shall be subject to the
disposal of the Legislature of the State of
Michigan for the purposes aforesaid and no
other; that as soon as the Governor of the said
State shall file, or cause to be filed, with the
Secretary of the Interior, a map or plan show-
ing the location of the said canal, then it shall
be the duty of the Secretary of the Interior to
withdraw from market the lands applicable and
subject to the provisions of this act; and when-
ever the Governor of the State of Michigan
shall certify to the Secretary of the Interior
that the said ship-canal has been completed, in
a good, substantial, and workmanlike manner,
in all respects in conformity with the provisions
of this act, and to his satisfaction, then it shall
be the duty of the Secretary of the Interior to
issue patents to the said State of Michigan for
the lands hereby granted.
Seo._ 3. And be it further enacted, That if
the said ship-canal shall not be completed
within two years from and after the passage of
this act, the lands hereby granted shall revert
to the United States.
Approved, July 3,1866.
Chap. CLXI.—An Act granting Lands to the
State of Michigan to aid in the Construction
of a Harbor and Ship-Canal at Portage Lake,
Keweenaw Point, Lake Superior, in said
State.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there be, and hereby
is, granted to the State of Michigan, to aid in
the building of a harbor and ship-canal at Port-
age Lake, Keweenaw Point, Lake Superior, in
addition to a former grant for that purpose,
approved March third, eighteen hundred and
sixty-five, two hundred thousand acres of land
in the upper peninsula of the State of Michi-
gan, and from land to which the right of home-
stead or preemption has not attached: Pro-
Hided, That one hundred and fifty thousand
acres of said lands shall be selected from al-
ternate odd-numbered sections, and fifty thou-
sand acres from even-numbered sections of the
lands of the United States. Said grant of
lands shall inure to the use and benefit of the
Portage Lake and Lake Superior Ship-Canal
Company, in accordance with an act of the
Legislature of the State of Michigan, confer-
ring the land granted to the said State, by the
act herein referred to, on said company : And
provided farther, That the time allowed for
the completion of said work and the right of
reversion to the United States, under the said
act of Congress, approved March the third,
eighteen hundred and sixty-five, be extended
three additional years: And provided further,
That no lands designated by the United States
as "mineral" before the passage of this act
shall be included within this grant.
Approved, July 3, 18G6.
Chap. CLXII.—AnAct to regulate the Trans-
portation of Nitro-Glycerine, orGlynoin Oil,
and other Substances therein named.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America, in
Congress assembled, That hereafter it shall not
be lawful to transport, carry or convey, ship,
deliver on board, or cause to be delivered on
board, the substance or article known or desig-
nated as nitro-glycerine, or glynoin oil, nitro-
leum or blasting oil, or nitrated oil, or powder
mixed with any such oil, or fiber saturated with
any such [article] or substance upon or in any
ship, steamship, steamboat, vessel, car, wagon,
or other vehicle, used or employed in transport-
ing passengers by land or water between a place
or places in any foreign country and a place or
places within the limits of any State, Territory,
or district of the United States, or between a
place in one State, Territory, or district of the
United States, and a place in any other State,
Territory, or district thereof; and any person,
company, or corporation who shall knowingly
violate the provisions of this section, shall be
liable to a fine of not less than one thousand
nor more than ten thousand dollars, at the dis-
cretion of the court, one half to the use of the
informer.
Sec. 2. And, be it further enacted, Th at in
case the death of any person shall be caused,
directly or indirectly, by an explosion of any
quantity of said substances or articles, or either
of them, while the same is being placed upon
or in any such ship, steamship, steamboat, ves-
sel, car, wagon, or other vehicle, to be trans-
ported, carried, or conveyed thereon or therein
in violation of the foregoing section, or while
the same is being so transported, carried, or
conveyed, or while the same is being removed
from such ship, steamship, steamboat, vessel,
car, wagon, or other vehicle, every person who
knowingly placed or aided, or permitted the
placing of the said substance upon or in such
ship, steamship, steamboat, vessel, car, wagon,
or other vehicle, to be so transported, carried,
or conveyed, shall be deemed guilty of man-
slaughter, and on conviction thereof shall suf-
fer imprisonment for a period not less than two
years.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted., That it
shall not be lawful to ship, send, or forward
any quantity of the said substances or articles,
or to transport, convey, or carry the same by
ship, boat, vessel, vehicle, or conveyance of
any description, upon land or water, between
a place in a foreign country and a place within
the United States, or between a place in one
State, Territory, or district of' the United
States, and a place in any other State, Terri-
tory, or district thereof, unless the same shall
be securely inclosed, deposited, or packed in a
metallic vessel surronnded by plaster of paris,
or other material that will be non-explosive
when saturated with such oil or substance, and
separate from all other substances, and the
outside of the package containing the same be
marked, printed, or labeled in a conspicuous
manner with the words "Nitro-Glyeerine, Dan-
gerous;" and any person, company, or corpo-
ration who shall knowingly violate the provis-
ions of this section, shall be liable to a fine of
not less than one thousand nor more than five
thousand dollars, at the discretion of the court,
one half to the use of the informer.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
district court of the United States within the
district in which any offense against this act
shall be committed, or if committed in or upon
any ship, boat, vessel, or vehicle, beyond the
territorial limits of any district, then within
the district from which the same departed, or
that in which it shall first arrive, shall have
jurisdiction to try and punish the offender
under the provisions of this act.
Sec.-5. And be it further enacted, That this
act shall not be so construed as to prevent any
State, Territory, district, city, or town within
the United States from regulating or from pro-
hibiting the traffic in or transportation of the
said substances between persons and places
lying or being within their respective territo-
rial limits, or from prohibiting its introduction
into such limits for sale, use, or consumption
therein.
Approved, July 3, 3 866.
Chap. CLXIII.—An Act for the Relief of the
Members of the Thirty-Seventh Regiment of
Iowa Volunteer Infantry.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there shall be paid
to the members of the thirty-seventh regiment
of Iowa volunteer infantry the same bounty
provided by law, or which may hereafter be
provided by law to soldiers enlisted into the
volunteer forces of the United States during
the year eighteen hundred and sixty-two; and
in case any of the members of said regiment
are dead or may die before the payment of said
bounty, the same shall be paid to their repre-
sentatives in the same order provided by law
for the payment of bounty in other cases.
Approved, July 3, 1866.
Chap. CLXIV.—An Act to create an additional
Land District in the State of Oregon.
Beit enacted by the Senate an d House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the President of the
United States be, and he is hereby, author-
ized to establish an additional land district in
the State of Oregon, and to fix from time to
time the boundaries thereof, which district
shall be named after the place at which the
office shall first be established ; and the Pres-
ident shall be authorized hereafter, from time
to time, as circumstances may require, to ad-
just the boundaries of any and all of the land
districts in said State, and change the location
of the land office from time to time when the
same shall be expedient.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
President is hereby authorized to appoint, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
or during the recess thereof, and until the end
of the next ensuing session, a register and re-
ceiver for said land district, who shall be re-
quired to reside at the site of the office, shall
be subject to the same laws and responsibili-
ties, and whose compensation and fees shall be
respectively the same per annum, as are now al-
lowed by law to other land officers in said State.
Approved, July 3, 1866.
Ciiap. CLXV.—An Act making a Grant of
Lands in alternate Sections to aid in th'
Construction and Extension of the Iron
Mountain Railroad, from Pilot Knob, in the
State of Missouri, to Helena, in Arkansas.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there be, and is
