3734
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11,
determining the manner of electing Senators,
to go so far as to say what shall constitute a
quorum of a State Legislature. There is the
difficulty and the only difficulty I see in this
bill. I think most clearly that that part of the
bill ought to be stricken out, because if we
can go to the extent of determining it we cer-
tainly can exercise a very dangerous power in
determining what the Legislature of a State
may be.
Mr. DAVIS. I understand the Senator from
Missouri to assume that anybody that is com-
petent to pass laws for a State may elect Sen-
atMr. HENDERSON. I do.
Mr. DAVIS. I think so clearly.
Mr. OLARK. I hope this amendment will
not be agreed to. It was put in here for the
purpose of securing a majority of all the per-
sons elected to both Houses in case the Legis-
lature came into convention, so that less than
a majority should not be present at the meet-
ing, or they should not elect when there was
less than a majority present. I think it is a
safe rule. There is a difference between the
two Houses assembled in joint convention for
the purpose of an election and the two Houses
acting separately in their ordinary legislative
capacity. It would be competent for them,
undoubtedly, to prescribe their quorum in each
House, but when they go into joint convention
under the law of the United States for the pur-
pose of electing a Senator, it seems to me en-
tirely competent for the law of the United States
to prescribe what shall be a quorum for that
purpose.
Mr. HENDERSON. I should like to ask
the Senator why he makes a difference in the
election through the two branches and in joint
session. Why is it that a New England State,
which now elects under its constitution in the
separate Houses, may prescribe that less than
a majority of all elected shall constitute a quo-
rum, and they may have a Senator here with
less than a quorum, and we in the West, who
prescribe a different mode, cannot? I should
like to know the reason of the difference.
Mr. CLARK. We have prescribed no rule
for New England and no rule for the West.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not refer to New
England particularly, because I do not know
how they elect, but it is generally assumed that
they elect separately there.
Mr. CLARK. When the Legislature under-
takes to elect a Senator in the ordinary way-of
its transactions, that is, each House voting by
itself, the bill does not propose to regulate
what shall there be a quorum. The Legisla-
ture regulates that matter itself, or the State
constitution regulates it. But when we pro-
vide that those two Houses may quit their ordi-
nary method of legislation and go into joint
assembly for the purpose of election, then we
provide what shall be a quorum in that joint
assembly, that there shall be at least secured a
majority of the two Houses when they come to
act together.
Mr. HENDERSON. Now, Mr. President,.
I submit to the Senate that if the constitution
of the State of Missouri or the State of Ohio
to-day determines that all the legislative busi-
ness shall be done in joint session, and they
see lit to adopt that plan, it is perfectly proper
and constitutional, and we cannot interfere
with it. All the legislative business of the
State of Illinois to-day can be done in joint
session of the Legislature, provided the State
constitution so provides. If the people desire
it they can do so. I do not see any reason in
the world for prescribing a different rule for
electing Senators through the two branches
and in joint session, if the people of one
State desire to elect in joint session, and they
call that, by their constitution, a Legislature
for the purpose, let it be governed by the same
rules that govern in the other ease; but do not
declare what is tg be a quorum in either case
unless you do it in both. I hold that you have
no right to do it in either.
The amendment was rejected—ayes ten, noes
not counted.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended
and the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to ask a
question with reference to the language used
in the twenty-ninth line of the first section.
It reads:
And the person having a majority of all the votes
of the said joint assembly, a majority of all the mem-
bers elected to both Houses being present and voting.
'Is it intended by that phraseology to require
a majority of each House, or a majority of both
Houses?
Mr. OLARK. A majority of both present.
There is to be a majority of the two, counting
together as one body.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I once heard an emi-
nent physician say that the best thing to do
with cucumbers was to dress them well with
vinegar, pepper, salt, and mustard, and then
throw them to the hogs. [Laughter.] I think
the best thing to do with this bill is to indefi-
nitely postpone it, and I therefore move that
it be indefinitely postponed.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is, Shall the bill pass?
Mr. SAULSBURY. On that question I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered: and being
taken, resulted—yeas 25, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Clark, Conness, Cragin,
Edmunds, Fessenden, Foster, Grimes, Harris, How-
ard, Howe, Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Morgan, Mor-
rill, Nesmith, Nye, Poland, Pomeroy, Stewart, Sum-
ner, Trumbull, Wade, Willey.and Williams—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Cowan, Davis, Doolittle, Guthrie,
Henderson, Norton, Riddle, Saulsbury, Sherman,
Sprague, and Van Winkle—11.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Buckalew, Chandler,
Creswoll, Dixon, Hendricks, Kirkwood, Lane of
Kansas, McDougall, Ramsey, Wilson, Wright, and
Yates—13.
So the bill was passed.
message from the house.
_ A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
without amendment the bill (S. No. 357) to
aid in the construction of telegraph lines, .and
to secure to the Government the use of the
same for postal, military, and other purposes.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had agreed to the
report of the committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
amendments of the House to the bill (S. No.
145) for a grant of lands to the State of Kan-
sas to aid in the construction of the Northern
Kansas railroad and telegraph.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had agreed to the amend-
ment of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 456)
to extend the benefits of section four of an act
making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending June 30, 1866.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had agreed to some
and disagreed to other amendments of the Sen-
ate to the bill (H. R. No. 261) making appro-
priations for the consular and diplomatic ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
80th June, 1867, and for other purposes, asked
a conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr.
Rcfus P. Spaldixg of Ohio, Mr. Nathaniel
P. Basks of Massachusetts, and Mr. John
Wentworth of Illinois, managers at the same
on its part.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed a joint
resolution (H. R. No. 187) recommending the
organization and instruction of the militia by
the several States, and providing for the dis-
tribution of ordnance and ordnance stores, in
which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
prevention of smuggling.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask leave to present a
report from the committee of conference on the
bill (S. No. 222) further to prevent smuggling,
and for other purposes. The report of the
committee on this bill was presented once be-
fore, but there was some error found in it,
owing to the fact that the whole of the amend-
ments were not enumerated in the report. It
is now correct, and accordingly I ask leave to
present it, and I should like to have action
upon it now.
The Secretary read the report, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (S. No. 222) enti-
tled "An act further to prevent smuggling, and for
other purposes," having met, after full and free con-
ference they have agreed to recommend, and do rec-
ommend, to their respective Houses as follows:
That the Senate agree to the first, second, third,
fourth, sixth, seventh, eighth, ninth, tenth, eleventh,
twelfth, thirteenth, fourteenth, and fifteenth amend-
ments as the same were made by the House of Rep-
resentatives.
That the Senate agree to the fifth amendment of
the House of Representatives to the bill with the
following amendment, to wit: insert in place of the
words stricken out by the House of Representatives
the words following: "in all cases where_ the pos-
session of such goods shall be shown to be in the de-
fendant, or where the defendant shall be shown to
have had possession thereof, such possession shall be
deemed evidence sufficient to authorize conviction,
unless the defendant shall explain the possession to
the satisfaction of the jury."
That the House of Representatives agree to the
said amendment to the bill.
JOHN CONNESS,
LOT M. MORRILL.
Managers on the part of the Senate,
' THOMAS D. ELIOT,
JOHN L. THOMAS,
Managers on the part of the House.
The report was concurred in.
orphans' fair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a communication from Mrs. J. C.
Carlisle, secretary, inviting the members of
the Senate to be present at the closing of the
National Soldiers' and Sailors' Orphans' Fair
on Thursday evening, the 12th instant.
order of business.
Mr. WADE. I move now to postpone all
other orders and proceed to the consideration
of Senate bill No 280, to repeal an act entitled
'' An act to retrocede the county of Alexan-
dria, in the District of Columbia, to the State
of Virginia," and for other purposes.
Mr. HENDERSON. The pending order
of business is Senate bill No. 395, relating to
the aqueduct bridge of the Alexandria Can^l
Company over the Potomac river at George-
town, in the District of Columbia, which was
informally passed over with a view of contin-
uing the discussion upon and disposing of the
bill in regard to the election of Senators. I
had no idea at the time that that bill would
take so long. This is a bill that I desire should
at least be read; I wish that the Senate should
become somewhat informed upon it; and I
will say to the Senator from Ohio that then if
there is any disposition to discuss the meas-
ure, inasmuch as he has had his bill up once
before and I feel a delicacy in putting any
obstacle in the way of it, I shall agree that it
be laid over until to-morrow. I apprehend,
however, that there will be no objection and
no debate upon my bill, but that we can get
through with it in a few moments. However,
if opposition should develop itself, then I
shall be willing to listen to a motion from the
Senator to postpone it; but I prefer to have it
read at least now. It is a bill that the Senator
understands as well as myself.
Mr. WADE. I believe I understand that
bill. I can really see no reason for reading it
before we take up the Alexandria bill. That
bill was discussed yesterday, and I gave way
because it was said an executive session was
desired; but after that was moved, or supposed
to be moved, gentlemen got up other measures,
and my colleague on the District Committee,
the Senator from Missouri, moved, just as we
went into executive session, to take up his bill
after mine had been made the special order for
to-day. It has been partly fini shed; it is in
the minds of Senators now; they know pre-
cisely how the thing stands; and I think we
had better proceed with and finish it. _ I wish
to have a decision of the Senate upon it.
