1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2775
rob him. He was a light-colored man, and one of the
robberssaidto his fellows," He is a white man; let him
aione." A dispute arose as to Ms color, and he was
taken into agrocery, a lampwaslit, and the question
of Ins color settled. He was then robbed of hia money,
arms, and clothing, was stripped to his shirt, and told
to run. lie did run, and was shot at while escaping,
and the shot took effect in his hand.'
441 am in daily receipt of similar reports from our
superintendents, judges, sheriffs, and military officers.
Some of the writers dare not be known as giving this
information, fearing assassination as the consequence.
"Eor narrating at a freedmcn's commission anni-
versary meeting in Cincinnati, on the 18th ultimo,
what I had myself seen of brutalities in the 'Blue
Grass,' I have been denounced in the Kentucky Le-
gislature as a liar and slanderer. A committee has
been appointed to investigate the matter. I have
furnished them the names of witnesses, andrequested
that their powers beenlarged, and they authoiized to
investigate the condition of the freedmen throughout
the State; but I have good reason for believing that
the committee will simply make a report that Gen-
eral lusk is a great liar, and should be removed from
office, &c. It is well to remember that a more select
number of vindictive, pro-slavery, rebellious legisla-
tors cannot be found than the majority of the Ken-
tucky Legislature. The President of the United States
was denounced in the Senate as a worse traitor than
Jefferson Davis, and that, too, before the bureau tem-
pest had reached them.
44 The entire opposition is political, a warfare waged
against loyalty, freedom, and justice.
441 have endeavored to administer the affairs of
the bureau in Kentucky precisely as in Tennessee;
have studied to be conciliatory in every particular,
and not to interfere in the least with thecivil affairs
of the State, except my duties and orders impera-
tively demanded it. As yet, the Legislature have
enacted no laws securing impartial liberty and right,
and I very much fear they will not at this session.
The late letter of Major General Palmer, on Ken-
tucky affairs, is truthful and candid. I wish her
good people would heed his counsel and her law-
makers follow his wise suggestions.
"There are many old, infirm, and sick, and or-
phans in Kentucky who have been thrown upon
the Government for support. Rations were issued
to this class m December at a cost of S4,993 56, eight-
fold the cost of sustaining the same class of persons
in Tennessee the same month. In the latter State
the people have much more generously treated the
unlbrtuuate freedmen, especially the families of
fallen soldiers, than have the Kentuekians; hence
the cause of the increased expense to the Govern-
ment of providing for the destitute freedmen. Every
effort is being made to secure homes for the widows
and orphans in other States. A largo number have
been kindlv received and provided for in Ohio and
Indiana. The Western Preedmen's Aid Commission
havo rendered me valuable service in locating this
class in comfortable permanent homes.
"In making this extended report of Kentucky ;
affairs I wish nothing to * extenuate or aught setdown
in malice.' It is best that you understand the case
fully. 1 rejoice that there are so many persons in
the State who treat the freedmen justly and gener-
ously. Outlaws in different sections of the State,
encouraged by the pro-slavery press, which daily
denounces the Government and its officials, make
brutal attacks and raids upon the freedmen, who are
defenseless, for the civil-law officers disarm the col-
ored man and hand him over to armed marauders,
in neither Tennessee, Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi,
nor Arkansas, where I have had an opportunity of
observation, does there such a fiendish spirit prevail
as in some portions of Kentucky. I trust that ere
long the better portion of the people will rise in their
indignation and demand that justice be done to all
the citizens of the State.
"It has fallen to ray lotto officially stand by the
death-bed of slavery in the United States. Ken-
tucky's throes are but the expiring agonies of the
great barbarism.
"I trust the Government will insist upon strict
justice for every man, woman, and child who through
the Red sea of civil strife has marched from slavery
to freedom.
"I will try to do my whole duty, regardless of
denunciations, jeers, and threats of assassination. I
will give cheerful heed to your admonitions and
counsels.
"While I remain in this position I desire the power
to protect the poor, the weak, and the ignorant, who
confidently look to this bureau for the protection
which the State, made rich by their unrequited toil,
yet fails to afford them."
Brigadier General Sprague, assistant com-
missioner for Arkansas, on the 10th of January,
1866, writes to the Commissioner:
"I see by the act of Congress organizing the bureau
that its existence is limited to one year after the war.
If it should not be extended, there is no hope for the
fi ccdmcn of Arkansas, Texas, and that portion of
the South remote from railroads and telegraphs.
They will be starved, murdered, or forced into a
condition more horrible than the worst stages of
slavery. Oar people's wrath over defeat wtmld be
poured upon the heads of the helpless ones once their
slaves. I say this sorrowfully of our people, yet I
knowic is but too true—their prejudices give way
slowly. By extending the existence of the bureau,
what education and thought failed to do might be
supplied by an influx of liberal-minded people.
"This is the language of a citizen whose intelli-
gence and opportunities for judging entitle his state-
ments to consideration. His statements are corrob-
orated by all the testimony that reae.hes me from
other parts of the State, and what is said of the south-
western portion is in the main true of the whole State.
I giveit as my deliberate opinion that if the military
was withdrawn from the State not a school for col-
ored children would be allowed within its borders,
and I doubt if an unspoken Union man would be
allowed to remain. In this sparsely settled and iso-
lated country the process of 4 reconstruction' will
necessarily be slow, and I am sorry to add that the
influence and example of some of the men who have
received special pardon was much better before their
pardon than since, yet there is a perceptible improve-
ment in the temper and sentiment of the people at
large."
Inspector General William E. Strong, in his
report of action and observation in Texas,
says:
"In the interior of the State, one or two hundred
miles from the prominent cities, away from the in-
fluence of Federal troops and Federal bayonets, at
points where our Army has never penetrated, and
where the citizens have but little fear of arrest and
punishment for crimes committed, I assure you there
is a fearful state of things. The freedmen are in a
worse condition than they ever were as slaves. When
they were held in bondage they were, as a rule, treated
well; cases of extreme cruelty were very raro ; it was
for the interest of the master to take care of them,
and not to ill-treat them. Now it is quite different;
they have do interest in them, and seem to take every
opportunity to vent their rage and hatred upon the
blacks. They arc frequently beaten unmercifully,
and shot down like wild beasts, without any provoca-
tion, followed with hounds, and maltreated in every
possible way. It is the same old story of cruelty,
only there is more of it in Texas than any-southern
State that I havo visited. I could cite many cases
of cruelty that came under my own observation it it
were necessary to do so. The planters generally
seemed discouraged, and insisted that the system of
free labor would never answer; that the negroes were
idle and worthless, and showednodisposition to work,
and. were wandering about the country utterly de-
moralized, and were plundering and stealing indis-
criminately from the citizens.
44 It was also generally reported bythe white people
that the freedmen failed wholly to fulfill their con-
tracts, and that when they were needed most to save
the cotton crop, they would stop their woik and leave
them without any cause whatever. After a careful
investigation, I do not find these charges against the
fi ccdmcn be wholly true.
" The entire crop raised in Texas—cotton, corn, susrar,
and wheat—was gathered and saved by the 1st of De-
cember. Most assuredly no white man in Texas had
anything to do with gathering the crops, cxccpt per-
haps to look on and give orders. Who did the work?
The freedmen, I am well convinced, had something
to do with it; and yet there is a lierce murmur of
complaint against them cverywheic that they are
lazy and insolent, and that there is no hope for a bet-
ter condition of affairs unless they can be permitted
to lesort to the overseer, whip, and hounds.
44 Two thirds of the freedmen in the section of coun-
try which I traveled over have never received one
cent of wages since they were declared free. A few
of them were promised something at tho end of the
year, but instances of prompt payment of wages are
very rare. Not one in ten would have received any
compensation foi the labor pei formed during the year
I860 had it not been for the rigorous measures resorted
to by Colonel De Grass, provost marshal general of
the district of Houston, who sends into the interior
frequently two hundred miles and aricsts the parties
who havo been guilty of cruelty to the freed people,
and where they have violated their contracts with
them compels them to make fair and equitable set-
tlements. Colonel De Grass ha^ a small command of
cavalry under his control, and he keeps it in motion
constantly through the country, searching for parties
who have murdered or maltreated the freedmen. I
cannot speak too highly of the course pursued by tho
colonel. He displays the same earnestnessof purpose
and fearlessness in the discharge of his duty that he
did in the old army of the Tennessee, and although
his life has been threatened by the chivalric citizens
of thecountry, yet he is not deterred by their threats
from discharging his duty as he understands it. He
is a true friend of the black people, and will not see
them ill-used. I know that some of the lessons which
he has taught the citizens in the vicinity of Houston
will not soon be foi gotten.
441 saw freedmen east of the Trinity river who did
not know that they were free until I told them. There
had been vague rumors circulated among them that
they were to be free on Christmas day, and that on
New Year's there was to be a grand division of all
tho property, and that one half was to be given to the
black people."
In closing his report, General Strong says :
" In order to correct abuses and regulate the labor
system thoroughly throughout the country General
Gregory should have fifty good officers to assist: and
if these could be placed on duty at the principal
villages in the interior, for three hundred and fifty
miles north of the coast, and a small force of troops
sent with each assistant to enforce law and order, it,
would be but a short time before a decided improve-
ment would be observed.
44It is the opinion of every staunch Union man
with whom I conversed, and with nearly every offi-
cer on duty in the State, that if the United States
troops^wcre removed from Texas no northern man,
nor any person who had ever expressed any love for
northern institutions or for the Government of the
United States, could remain with safety, and the
condition of the freed people would be worse beyond
comparison than it was before the war and when
they were held in bondage."
Brigadier General Tillson, acting assistant
commissioner for Georgia, writes from Au-
gusta under date January 15,1866,.as follows:
"In almost every case, as heretofore reported, the
withdrawal of troops has been followed by outiagcs
on the freed people; their school-houses have been
burned, their teachers driven off or threatened with
death, and the freed people by fraud, and even by
violence, made to enter into unjust and fraudulent
contracts. The responsible and educated classes are
ashamed of these outrages, and loudly and justly
claim that they should not all be judged by the peo-
ple who are mean and cruel enough to practice these
wrongs; but the convictions of the former never take
form in action—seldom in amanly, open protest. It
requires the most careful nursing and culture to keep
alive even a show of justice toward the freed people.
"Nearly all the females and young men, and all
the blacklegs and rowdies, are open and defiant in
their expression of hate for Yankees and negroes.
The simple truth is, that the only public opinion
which makes itself felt is as bitter and malignant as
ever.
44 These arc the facts, and any theory or policy which
disregards or ignores them is of little account, no
matter by whom advocated or sustained. Unless we
keep a firm, just, kind hand upon the^e people, all
our past labor will be thrown away.
"A large number of troops is not required; but the
State is one of the largest, and unless small garrisons
are kept at many points, most unfortunate results
will certainly follow; labor will be insecure and un-
trustworthy, and industrial operations will be sadly
interfered with. Some of the unpleasant conse-
quences to be anticipated are already exhibiting
themselves; as, for instance, the recent attack on tho
garrison at Brunswick.
" The people who have something to lose begin to
appreciate the insecurity which follows the with-
drawal of garrisons, and are asking to have them
sent back.
"The highest and best interests of the State, as
well as of the freed people, require an addition to
the force now in the department."
Brigadier General C. H. Howard, specially
appointed +o examine into tho condition of
affairs in Georgia and Florida, in his report
dated at Charleston, December 30,18G0, states
at the close of his carefully prepared communi-
cation to the Commissioner of the bureau, as
follows:
"As the result of this tour I beg leave to submit
the following general consideration.-:
" I. Agencies of the United States Government, of
some sort, similar to the existing bureau agencies,
are for the present indispensable in every part of
the two States visited.
441. Great suffering and starvation would ensue
among the refugees and freedmen in some sections
were all Government aid withdrawn.
"2. Public sentiment is such that even should the
laws be made impartial the negro could not obtain
redress for wrongs done him 111 peison or property.
"3. There seems to be a moral incapability with
the white residents to treat him fairly in the ordi-
nary transactions of business, as, gratid, in
making contracts. His own inexperience in such
things, therefore, renders necessary some agency to
guard his interests.
"4. Existing theories concerning the education of
laborers and the prejudice againstthe blacks aresuch
as absolutely to prevent the establishmentof schools
for tho freedmen, even though the expenses be paid
by the benevolent associations of the Noith: andthe
many successful schools now m operation would bo
bioken up in most places on the withdrawal of the
Government agencies. The same general observa-
tions will apply to all missionary work by northern
agents ; and from special inquiry and investigation
of this subject I am convinced that very little in the
way of moral and religious instruction for the freed
people is to be expected at present from the members
and ministers of the southern churches. On the other
hand, it is for the interest of the whites for the agen-
cies to remain, and the better class of thinkmgmen
expressed themselves unhestatingly in favor of it.
44 (1.) The prevailing want of confidcnceon the part
of the freedmen in those who have been slaveholders
makes it necessary to have a third party (.and a Uni-
ted States official is better than any other) to induce
the freedmen to enter into contracts. Many of tho
white residents told me that 110 con tracts would havo
been effected but for the bureau officers.
"(2.) Such agents are needed often to secure the
fulfillment of contracts on the part of the freedmen,
both in explaining the exact meaning and foice of
the contiact and enloicmg it by different motives
and means.
"(3.) For the protection of the whites against any
hostile combinations of the blacks. This will be
needed as long as the present public sentiment of
the whites continues, insuring n corresponding dis-
trust and hostility on the part of the blacks. Oar
agents have done much to allay such ill-feeling; and
however unreasoning and ignorant the freedmen may
be in any community, and however much their num-
ber may predominate over the resident whites, they
will generally heed and be governed by tho ad\ ice
of United States officials. ,
"II. In order adequately to protect the persons
and property of thefiecdmen, and piomotetheir'edu-
cation, as well as for tho proper lobulation of labor
for the benefit of all concerned, the present number
of aaents should be increased.
"III. United States troops are at present abso-
: lutcly necessary as auxiliary to the agents.
| 441. There is no other means of executing orders
S and insuring justice to the freedmen.
