S36
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 4,
39th Cong./.. 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
the State of Nevada shall have received her
full quota of lands named in the first, second,
and third sections of this act, the public lands
in that State shall not be subject to entry,
sale, or location tinder any law of the United
States,, or any scrip or warrants issued in pur-
suance of any such law except the homestead
act of May twentieth, eighteen hundred and
sisty-two, and acts amendatory thereto, and
the acts granting and regulating preemptions,
but shall be reserved exclusively for entry by
the said State for the period of two years after
such survey shall have been made : Provided,
That said State shall select said lands in her
own name and right, in tracts of not less than
forty acrcs, and dispose of the same in tracts
not exceeding three hundred and twenty acres,
only to actual settlers and bona fide occupants:
And provided further, That city and town prop-
erty shall not be subject to selection under this
act: And provided further, That this section
shall not be construed to interfere with or im-
pair rights heretofore acquired under any law
of Congress.
Approved, July 4,1866.
Chap. CLXVIL— An Act granting Lands to
the State of Oregon, to aid in the Construc-
tion of a military Road from Corvallisto the
Acquinna Bay.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there be, and is
hereby, granted to the State of Oregon, to aid
in the construction of a military wagon road
from the town of Corvallis to the Acquinna
bay, three alternate sections per mile from the
unoccupied public lands, designated by odd
numbers, and not more than six miles from
said road: Provided, That the lands hereby
granted shall be exclusively applied in the con-
struction of said road, and shall be disposed
of only as the work progresses; and the same
shall be applied to no other purposes whatever:
And provided further, That any and all lands
heretofore reserved to the United States by act
of Congress, or other competent authority, be,
and the same are, reserved from the 'operation
of this act, except so far as it may be necessary
to locate the route of said road through the same,
in which case the right of way is granted.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
said lands hereby granted to said State shall be
disposed of by the Legislature thereof for the
purpose aforesaid, and for no other; and the
said road shall be and remain a public highway
for the use of the Government of the United
States, free from tolls or other charges upon
the transportation of any property, troops, or
mails of the United States.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That said
road shall be constructed with such graduation
and bridges as to permit of its regular use as a
wagon road, and in such other special manner
as the State of Oregon may prescribe.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
lands hereby granted to said State shall be dis-
posed of only in the following manner, that is
to say : when the Governor of said State shall
certify to^ the Secretary of the Interior that any
ten continuous miles of said road are com-
pleted, then a quantity of land hereby granted
conterminous to said completed portion of said
road, not to exceed thirty sections maybe sold,
and so from time to time until said road is
completed ; and if said road is not completed
within five years, no further sales shall be made,
and the land remaining unsold shall revert to
the United States.
Approved, July 4, 1866.
Chap. CLXVIII.—An Act making an addi-
tional Grant of Lands to the State of Min-
nesota, in alternate Sections, to aid in the
Construction of Railroads in said State.
Beit enacted, by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there be, and is
hereby, granted to the State of Minnesota, for
the purpose of aiding in the construction of
a railroad from Houston, in the county of
Houston, through the counties of Fillmore,
Mower, Freeborn, and Faribault, to the west-
ern boundary of the State; and also for a rail-
road from Hastings, through the counties of
Dakota, Scott, Carver, and McLeod', to such
point on the western boundary of the State as
the Legislature of the State may determine,
every alternate section of land, designated by
odd numbers to the amount of five alternatc sec-
tions permile on each side of said road; but in
case it shall appear that the United States have,
when the lines or route of said roads are defi-
nitely located, sold any section, or part thereof,
granted as aforesaid, or that the right of pre-
emption or homestead settlement has attached
to the same, or that the same has been reserved
by the United States for any purpose whatever,
then it shall be the duty of the Secretary of
the Interior to cause to be selected, for the
purposes aforesaid, from the public lands of
the United States nearest to the tiers of sec-
tions above specified, so much land in alter-
nate sections or parts of sections, designated
by odd numbers, as shall be equal to sucli lands
as the United States have sold, reserved, or
otherwise appropriated, or to -which the right
of homestead settlement or preemption has
attached as aforesaid, which lands, thus indi-
cated by odd numbers and sections, by the di-
rection of the Secretary of the Interior, shall
be held by said State of Minnesota for the pur-
poses and uses aforesaid: Provided, That the
land so selected shall in no case be located
more than twenty miles from the lines of said
road: And provided further, That no land
shall be granted or transferred by the provis-
ions of this act not Included within the juris-
diction of the State of Minnesota: And pro-
vided further, That any and all lands hereto-
fore reserved to the United States by any act
of Congress, or in any other manner by compe-
tent authority, for the purpose of aiding in any
object of internal improvement, or other pur-
pose whatever, be, aud the same are hereby,
reserved and excepted from the operations of
this act, except so far as it may be found neces-
sary to locate the route of said road through
such reserved lands, in which case the right of
way shall be granted, provided the United
States has yet in possession the title thereto.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
sections and parts of sections of land which
by such grant shall remain to the United States
within ten miles on each side of said road shall
not be sold for less than double the minimum
price of public lands when sold, nor shall any
of said lands become subject to sale at private
entry until the same shall have been first offftred
at public sale to the highest bidder at or above
the minimum price as aforesaid: Provided,
That actual bona fide settlers under the pre-
emption laws of the United States may, after
due proof of settlement, improvement, and
occupation as now provided by law, purchase
the same at the increased minimum price:
And provided also, That settlers under the
provisions of the homestead law who shall
make entries after the passage of this act, upon
the sections numbered by even numbers, and
who comply with the terms and requirements
of said act shall be entitled to patents for an
amount not exceeding eighty acres each, any-
thing in this act to the contrary notwithstanding.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
lands hereby granted shall be subject to the
disposal of the Legislature of Minnesota for
the purposes aforesaid, and no other; and the
said railroad shall be and remain public high-
ways for the use of the Government of the
United States, free of all toll or other charges
upon the transportation of any property or
troops of the United States, and the same shall
at all times be transported at the cost, charge,
and expense in all respects of the company or
corporation, or their successors or assigns,
having or receiving the benefit of the land
grants herein made.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
lands hereby granted shall be disposed of by
said State for the purposes aforesaid only, and
in manner following, namely: when the Gov-
ernor of said State shall certify to the Secre-
tary of the Interior that any section of ten con-
secutive miles of said road is completed, in a
good, substantial, and workmanlike manner,
as a first-class railroad, then the Secretary of
the Interior shall issue to the State patents for
all the lands in alternate sections, or parts of
sections, designated by odd numbers, situated
within twenty miles of the road so completed
and lying conterminous to said completed sec-
tion of ten miles, and not exceeding one hun-
dred sections, for the benefit of the road hav-
ing completed the ten consecutive miles as
aforesaid: Provided, however, That the conter-
minous principle hereby applied shall not e&
tend to such lands as are taken by the said
'railroad companies to make up deficiencies,
provided that no* land to make up such defi-
ciencies shall be taken at any point within ten
miles upon each side of the line of said roads.
When the Governor of said State shall certify
that another section of ten consecutive miles
shall have been completed as aforesaid, then
the Secretary of the Interior shall issue patents
to said State in like manner for alike number;
and when certificates of the completion of ad-
ditional sections of ten consecutive miles of
said roads are from time to time made as afore-
said, additional sections of land shall be pat-
ented as aforesaid, until said roads are com-
pleted, when the whole of the lands hereby
granted shall be patented to the State for the
uses aforesaid, and none other: Provided, That
if said roads are not completed within ten years
from the acceptance of this grant, the said lands
hereby granted and not patented shall revert
to the United States.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That as
soon as the Governor of said State shall file or
cause to be filed with the Secretary of the In-
terior maps designating the routes of said roads,
then it shall be the duty of the Secretary of the
Interior to withdraw from market the lands
embraced within the provisions of this act.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the
UnitedStates mail shall be transported oil said
road, under the direction of the Post Office
Department, at such price as Congress may by
law provide: Provided, That until such price
is fixed by law, the Postmaster General shall
have power to fix the rate of compensation.
Approved, July 4, 1866.
Chap. CLXIX.—An Act to provide for the Dis-
posal of certain Lands therein named.
Be it enacted by the Senate rfnd House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Commissioner of
the General Land Office be, and he is hereby,
authorized to cause to be offered at public auc-
tion all the unsold lots of that portion of the
public domain known as the Fort Howard Mil-
itary Reserve, which is situated in the county
of Brown, and State of Wisconsin, giving not
less than two months' notice of the time and
place of such sale, by advertising the same in
such newspapers and for such period of time
as he may deem best. Every such lot shall be
sold separately to the highest bidder for cash,
and when not paid for within twenty-four hours
from the time of purchase, it shall be liable to
be resold under the order of the Commissioner
of the General Land Office aforesaid, at such
reasonable minimum as may be fixed by the
Secretary of the Interior, and no sale shall be
binding until approved by that officer.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That it
shall be the duty of the President to cause pat-
ents to be issued in due form of law for each
and every such lot, as soon as may be after the
purchase of and payment for the same.
Approved, July 4, 1866.
