1816
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
had examined and found truly enrolled bills
of the following titles; which were thereupon
signed by the Speaker:
An act (S. No. 105 J to grant the right of way
to the Cascade Railroad Company through a
military reserve in Washington Territory;
An act (S. No. 115) for the relief of Jane W.
Nethaway; and
An act (S. No. 117) for the relief of F. A.
Patterson, late captain in the third Virginia
cavalry.
NEW YORK CONTESTED ELECTION AGAIN.
Mr. DAWES. Now, what does he say in that
brief? He says that in the twenty-first ward,
thirteenth district, the absence of canvassers
pending the canvass (B., 294,) exposed the
canvass to peril from outsiders, and that the
district voted—Dodge, 39-t; Brooks, 132;_Barr,
27; furnishing reasons, if any district is ex-
cluded from the count, the best reason for
excluding this.
Iam aware that the testimony which has been
taken is in the book ; but I repeat that neither
party asked the committee to look at this. The
sitting member described four contested dis-
tricts, but he only referred to this, he said, for
the purpose of elucidation. If I have time I
will refer to the testimony in this district.
I have already stated the committee have not
held any illegality in a district otherwise honest
was any reason to set it aside. I have repeated
it over and over again. Allow me to say that
the committee based their conclusions not upon
the fact that the board was illegally constituted
but upon these naked frauds which they after-
ward found. I want the House to understand
that.
It was charged in this district, after the can-
vassers took possession of the boxes, they left
the canvass and went away to get some refresh-
ment—for twenty minutes. It is now claimed
because they did that we must reject this if we
reject the other. How is this charge supported ?
It is supported, if at all, by three witnesses,
three only. Two of them swear only two of
the canvassers went away, two only, naming
them. One of them swears he and his asso-
ciates stood right in sight of the boxes while
they were gone and that they could see every-
thing that happened, and that the boxes were
not touched. There is some contradiction of
the testimony here. One witness contradicts
another witness. One swears one way and an-
other contradicts him. One witness, a senator-
elect, or a senator occupying his seat at the
time, of the State of New York, Senator Con-
nolly, I think, swears that he was where he
could look right on the boxes all the time until
these men came back. Another witness con-
tradicts him. One swears that three canvass-
ers went away and left the boxes in charge
of the clerk and a police officer. He swears
before he went away that they canvassed the
Congress box.
Now, Mr. Speaker, withoutany evidence that
the box was touched at all; with the evidence
of Senator Connolly, who swears that he was
where he could see the box, and that during
the whole time ho saw nothing done to it; with
the evidence of another, who said they can-
vassed the Congress box before they went away,
and with the fact if there had been no canvass
there could have been some discrepancy proved,
we are asked why we ought not to reject this
box because these two or three men went away
and left it.
And we are asked to do this at this late day.
I insist that we would have weighed the testi-
mony if we had been asked in the committee
to have done so.
Now, what is the duty of Congress? I do
net ask them to take the report of the com-
mittee blindly and without any question. I
do not ask them to support its conclusion if
from the testimony they are satisfied it is not
a just one. But I insist it is the duty of Con-
gress to do one of two things, either to sup-
port the conclusion at which the committee
has arrived or to show from the testimony
why it should be rejected. I do not claim for
the committee the right to have its report
adopted without examination. Every member
of the House, as well as every member of the
committee, is responsible for the vote which
he may cast; but the committee have a double
responsibility, they have to be responsible that
they do not misguide the House. Now, here
is a case admitted by everybody to be difficult
to secure possession of all the facts involved.
I do not ask on that account the report of the
committee shall be adopted without question.
The testimony was so voluminous that it could
n'ot be expected that the members of the House
could have carefully examined it. I do not
ask that the report shall be adopted without
question, but I do ask for it fair and candid
treatment.
Now, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gar-
field] came into the House and offered a
series of resolutions to recommit this case to
the committee for further investigation. Upon
what did he base his resolutions? This is the
language of the gentleman from Ohio:
"Now, one thing more: this whole case practically
turns on tins settlement of the question in relation
to the fifteenth district of the eighteenth ward; for
if the report of the majority be accepted in all other
particulars, and rejected in respect to that district, it
still does not unseat Mr. Brooks. There are so many
remnrkabl e collisions between the reports of the majority
and the minority that I am unwilling: to act until some
of them are cleared away."
Now, I submit, Mr. Speaker, in all kindness
to my friend from Ohio, if that is fair. Every-
body knows that this is a voluminous and com-
plicated case, and the gentleman has not had
time to examine it and study it and understand
the testimony. And yet he is unwilling to take
the report of the committee. Why? Not
because he knows that there is anything in it
wrong; not because he has found in it any-
thing that is not corroborated by the testimony ;
but because the minority of the committee do
not agree with the majority.
Mr. GARFIELD. The gentleman will allow
me to say that he has only referred to one of
the points which I made. I trust I19 will not
say that because the two reports differed I
wanted further investigation.
Mr. DAWES. I understand the gentleman
to say distinctly that he cannot vote upon this
question until these discrepancies between the
report of the committee and the views of the
minority are reconciled.
Mr. GARFIELD. Discrepancies as to mat-
ters of fact.
Mr. DAWES. Because the committee who
have studied this case, or who certairdy ought
to have done it. have made a report on it, find
that two of their number are unable to agree
with them, the gentlemen from Ohio is unwill-
ing to vote until that discrepancy is removed.
Now, let us see what he says are the points of
difference between the members of the commit-
tee. One of them is this: that the committee say
that the vote in the old twelfth district is about
half as much again as the vote in the twelfth and
fifteenth districts combined; and the area of the
fifteenth district is three or four times as large
as that of the twelfth district. Well, now,
instead of looking into the book to see which
is right, the gentleman insists upon it that we
must take the case back to settle that question.
If he had turned to the book for one moment,
he would have seen that the fifteenth district
was taken out of the old twelfth district—a
single page of the testimony would have settled
that fact. But my friend says that he cannot
vote until that discrepancy is reconciled, until
we show that a part of a thing is not three times
as large as the whole.
The gentleman says, further, that this is a
most remarkable statement upon the first page
of the report:
"If each were stripped of everything but that which
could properly be called a ' particular specification
of the grounds upon which the party relies in the
contest,' very little would be left in either. The con-
testant. however, confined his proofs to the allega-
tions affecting four precincts only, namely, thirteenth
district of the eighteenth ward, fifteenth district of
the eighteenth ward, third district of the twenty-first
ward, and the seventh district of the twenty-first
ward."
My friend read that much; why could he not,
with that candor which becomes andadorns
his character, have read further, as follows?
"In the opinion of the committee, there is con-
tained in the several allegations of the contestant
respecting these four precincts a distinct allegation
of fraud in the election, and error in the return, suf-
ficiently spccifie to reyuire an answer from the sit-
ting member, and to form the basis of a fair trial of
the facts involved in the issues thus made up."
But, Mr. Speaker, my friend from Ohio re-
vealed another thing to which I wish to call
the attention of the House. He spoke of the
inspectors of election not residing in the dis-
trict. He said the sitting member declares that
that is general throughout the city of New York;
that he so declared in the debate yesterday.
Now, sir, I do not find any such statement of
the sitting member, that he Jiad so declared in
debate, or that he had affidavits to that effect.
I made diligent inquiry, and it came to pass
that I ascertained that the sitting member had
procured affidavits secretly, unknown to the
committee. After he had procured the rejec-
tion by the committee of the affidavit of Dean
about the residence of his voters, he himself
procured affidavits, and carried them secretly
around among the members of this House, and
it was not until he caused them to be read at
the Clerk's desk, that the Committee of Elec-
tions could derive any benefit from them what-
ever. They were taken not only without notice,
but without knowledge on the part of the con-
testant.
My friend from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine,]
who is a fair and candid and true man, states
in his speech, which I hold in my hand, that
if the affidavit of Dean could" have been used
as evidence before the Committee of Elections,
he would have been obliged to vote for the
contestant. I ask him to take notice that the
sitting member here yesterday supported his
case by affidavits of which the committee never
had the slightest knowledge. I submit to him,
therefore, whether the way is not clear for him.
to look into the affidavit of Las Casas Dean,
and come to the conclusion, legally, as I be-
lieve he has already done morally, that this
seat belongs to the contestant. The sitting
member has waived, by his proceedings here
in the presence of the House, all further claim
to have the affidavit of Las Casas Dean ex-
cluded.
Mr. MARSHALL. I wish to state, with the
permission of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, the fact, which it seems to me the House
ought to know, that there is, a perfectly satis-
factory reason why this evidence, offered by
Mr. Brooks in the affidavits, was not submitted
by witnesses to the proper tribunal in New
York, and that is that there was no specifica-
tion made by the contestant that these inspec-
tors were not residents of the election district.
The sitting member had no notice whatever
before the evidence was taken that this was a
point in the case, none whatever.
Mr. DAWES. I will now yield for a moment
to the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Wood-
bridge. ]
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I desire to ask the
gentleman a question. I have-been obliged to
be absent for the last ten or twelve days, in
Vermont, and, of course, I have not examined
this question for myself, as I should otherwise
have done, or read the two elaborate reports pre-
sented by the majority and minority of the com-
mittee. I have been informed, however, since
I came back that the gentleman whose name
appears first as signing the minority report, by
reason of illness was only present at two of the
meetings of the committee, which continued
during a period of six weeks, and that the other
gentleman who signed the minority report was
very seldom present.
Sir, I have been somewhat accustomed to
try cases before our co.urts involving questions
both of law and of fact; and if any questions
of fact are involved here in regard to which the
appearance of the witnesses might govern in the
weight to be allowed to their testimony, I desire
to ask the chairman of the Committee of Elee-
