1866.
THE. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8737
Kent was given to the creation of West Virginia.
They were but very few. There were only five
or six counties, I think.
Mr. WILLEY. There were some forty mem-
bers.
Mr. JOHNSON. Where were they from?
Mr. WILLEY". From West Virginia prin-
cipally.
Mr. JOHNSON. But not from the eastern
portion of Virginia. Very few of them were
from the eastern portion of Virginia. West
Virginia of course was for it, but West Virginia
had 110 right to represent East Virginia as Vir-
ginia then stood, and the only Representatives
of the State of Virginia at the time that assent
was given were, I believe, nearly all from this
portion of the country, from this very town
of Alexandria; and that Legislature has now
chosen Senators. You have not received them,
but they have not been refused admission upon
the ground that Alexandria county was not a
part of Virginia, but, on the contrary, was a
part of the District of Columbia; but upon
other grounds equally applicable to all the
other States in the Union who are not now
represented as well as to East Virginia or Vir-
ginia proper.
Now, suppose you decide—as you do by the
passage of this bill, provided you have the
right to decide it—that the act of 1846 was
void, what may be the consequence upon West
Virginia? What may be the effect upon your j
legislation since? What may be the effect upon i
titles to real and personal property which have
come into existence by contracts since 1846,
contracts authorized and only authorized by
the laws of Virginia? You multiply all kinds
of difficulties. Why should you? Why should
it be done? As I said yesterday, we do not
want that two or three miles of territory to
protect us. Who asks for it? I do not know.
1 have not seen the application. I know there
are more than a thousand names here against
it. When the act of 1846 was passed, upon
that act being submitted to the approval or dis-
approval of the then voters of that portion of
ilie ten miles square, and the polls being kept
open for two days, the vote for retrocession was
7|Jio, the vote against it was 222; making of
course a majority in favor of it of 041 out of a
total of 98o, nearly four to one. Now, what
has produced the change? I do not know.
Who asks for the change? I am equally igno-
rant. I assume, because I believe it to be true,
that they are all new comers comparatively,
who would prefer being under the Government
of the United States. Whether that is a wise
preference or not is another matter; but is it
fair, is it just, when by your legislation you
submitted it to the people in 1846, and they
"decided in favor of retrocession, and they have
acted on the faith of the validity of that retro-
cession, that you should now, at the end of
twenty years, undo all that you have done?
But that is not all. Will you not increase
the expenses of the Government? How many
more courts must you have? How many more
officers must you have? How many additional
judges, probate judges, and judges of other
descriptions, recorders ol deeds, marshals,
elerks of courts? And what is it to cost? You
will give, I suppose, the same compensation
you give here; and then it will be seen proba-
bly that a good many of the persons who are
now asking for this act of retrocession will
become applicants for offices. That I can
understand. _
But there is another objection. It is a sole-
cism; it is contrary to the very spirit of our
institutions that persons should be legislated
about in their persons and their property with-
out representation. The exception of the ten
miles square was made because of considera-
tions tantamount in importance, as it was sup- |
posed, to those which established in a, free |
Government representation and taxation as i
.coin" together. Now, what are you about to J
j0? ° You want to extend the franchise, many i
of you, to the black man, who has just been
emancipated. Why? Because it is nceessaiy
to his protection, necessary to the full enjoy-
ment of his freedom. Now, you are about to
bring back into the District some fifteen hun-
dred or two thousand people, a large major-
ity of whom are protesting against it, when
by bringing them back you subject them to
taxation without representation and to just
as much taxation as you- may think proper to
impose.
I am far from saying that the provision in
the Constitution was not a very advisable one
and an absolutely necessary one, which gives
Congress the exclusive right of legislating for
the seat of Government; but I submit it, as due
to principle, that if you have enough territory
to anSwerall the purposes of a seatof Govern-
ment. it is wrong in principle to seek to get
more, when by getting more (and you can only
get more by coming to that result) you deprive
the people who are now represented in Vir-
ginia of the right of representation, and sub-
ject them to taxation without representation—
not even entitled to a Delegate on the floor of
the House—slaves, in one sense, as far as sla-
very exists because of the absence of the right
of representation, and made slaves in that sense
only because the Convention deemed it neces-
sary in order to secure the councils of the na-
tion from improper interruption and from State
control. But we are in that condition now.
The provision, as the Senate know, was that
the District should not exceed ten miles square.
Congress might have taken as much less as
they"thought proper. They might have taken
this side of the Potomac at the beginning, and
then this difficulty could not have arisen; but
the argument is, that because they took more
than has been found necessary or expedient by
actual experience and practice, they have no
right to get clear of any part of it, and that not-
withstanding they have remained undisturbed
and without anybody questioning the security
ofthe Government while in the possession only
of that part of the original ten miles square
whicli is found on this side of the Potomac.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, when this
bill was before us yesterday I took occasion to
state to the Senate very briefly my reasons for
holding that the act of 1846 was unconstitu-
tional, and that it was incompetent for Con-
gress to retrocede any portion of the District
of Columbia cither to Virginia or Maryland.
I have listened, as I always do, with great
interest, to the arguments of the learned Sen-
ator from Maryland, taking a contrary view and
coming to an opposite conclusion. I propose
to say a word in reply to what I regard as the
main point of his argument.
He says that by the first clause of the pro-
vision of the Constitution authorizing Congress
to exercise exclusive legislation, &c., over the
District of Columbia, Congress merely acquired
the right of exclusive legislation, and that that
was the great object of the clause; but that the
latter clause of the same provision, giving the
United States a right to acquire lands in States
for the purpose of dock-yards, arsenals, &c.,
plainly, in his judgment, recognizes the right
of Congress to transfer those places or to retro-
cede them to the States in which they may hap-
pen to lie, and that if Congress may retrocede
a dock-yard or an arsenal ergo it may retrocede
a part or the whole of the District o*' Columbia.
With great respect to the logical powers of the
Senator from Maryland I regard this as a non
seqidtur. It may be that Congress has power
to retrocede dock-yards, arsenals, Ac., or even
to sell them to individuals, and still be divested
ofthe power to retrocede the District of Co-
lumbia ; and I insist that such is the fair con-
struction of the provision. How does the Dis-
trict of Columbia become the seatof Government
of the United States, and how do dock-yards,
&e., become the property of the United States?
The clause is very carefully drawn. It says:
"The Congress shall have power to cxcreise exclu-
sive legislation in all eases whatsoever over such
district (not exceeding ten miles square; as may, by
cession of particular States, and the acceptance ot
Congress, become the seat of the Government 01 the
United States."
Now, sir, look at this language. By what
means is it that the District becomes the seat
of Government1 of the United States? Not
by purchase, for the language does not contem-
plate a purchase; but by a voluntary cession
of the States concerned, and by an acceptance
of the cession by Congress. When these two
events concur—the cession by the States and
the acceptance by Congress—then, in the lan-
guage of the Constitution, the tract so ceded
and accepted '' becomes the seat of the Gov-
ernment of the United States;" and the lan-
guage itself implies that this seat of Govern-
ment shall continue to be the permanent seat
of the Government. Certainty the learned
Senator will not contend that although Con-
gress has aeccpted a cession from Virginia and
Maryland of the District of Columbia, it may
proceed and establish another and a second
seat of Government. And why not? Because
the language of the Constitution declares that
this District has become, by those two concur-
rent acts, the seat of Government of the Uni-
ted States, and excludes the idea that any other
portion of the United States can assume the
same character and quality. It follows very
clearly from this language of the first clause
that it was the intention of the framers of the
Constitution, and of the people who ratified it,
that the seat of Government should be per-
manently fixed in the district which might be
so ceded and accepted; and such has ever
been the light in which it has been viewed.
The earliest statute of the United States on
this subject, passed as early as 1791, speaks of
the acquisition as being the permanent seat of
Government; and General Washington in his
proclamation uses the same language ; and in-
deed the clause is capable of no other construc-
tion or interpretation but that this District thus
acquired is to be forever the seat of Govern-
ment. It is, in sliort, as permanent, as endur-
ing as the Constitution itself which has created
it the ifcat of Government.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Do I understand the
honorable Senator to maintain that we can-
not change the seat of Government without
changing the Constitution?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir. I stated that
yesterday; and that is the conclusion I draw,
and which flows inevitably from the premises
I assume. It is fixed here in permanency
because the Constitution fixes it here.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is the honorable member
under the impression that the Constitution says
it is to be the permanent seat of Government?
Mr. HOWARD. I do not say that such_ is
the express language, but that such is the in-
evitable inference from the language. How
can it be otherwise? Congress "shall exercise
exclusive jurisdiction in all cases orersuch dis-
trict as may"—how? " By cession of partic-
ular States and acceptance of Congress become
the seat of the Government." It is the cession
and the acceptance that constitute it the seat
of Government, and the cession and the accept-
ance both depend upon the Constitution which
imparts to Congress the right and the power
to perform those two acts, and it is, in its very
nature, as permanent as the clause itself under
which the power is claimed.
This is not true of the second clause of the
same provision declaring that Congress shall
have power "to exercise like authority over
all places purchased by the consent of the
Legislature ofthe State in which the same may
be for the erection of forts, magazines, arsenals,
Jock-yards, and other needful buildings.All
the power that is here given to Congress is the
right to purchase, not to accept a cession merely
as a cession, which implies in itself both the
right of soil, if the party ceding possesses the
right of soil, as well as of jurisdiction. Under
this latter clause Congress can only purchase
the lands of private individuals for the purpose
of establishing forts, &c. That is the plain
effect of the terms. Congress purchases of
individuals private lands for the purpose of
establishing dock-yards, &c., and when this pur-
chase has been made with the consent of the
States, but not until then, the right of exclusive
jurisdiction on the part of the Government
accrues. Congress may undoubtedly purchase
