1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2777
order to regulate the employment of freedmen, and
also in regard to tho various question constantly
arising among them under the new order of affairs
connccted with the emancipation of their former
slaves."
tkxas.
From the report of Brevet Brigadier General
E. M. Gregory, assistant commissioner, of date
February 28, 1806:
"I have the honor to report that from all sources
information comes of encouraging results from the
efforts of this bureau. Complaints are few, and its
beneficent results frequently and frankly acknowl-
edged. Fault-finding and accusation come only from
that class of men who are But slowly learning to
respect law, justice, and the rights of man, and who
sullenly chafe under the restraints of a Government
that sets metes and bounds to their unbridled wills."
sji T <• ¥
"There are no indications of an increase of loyal
sentiment in the State, though there is a visible abate-
ment in the number -and harshness of those eases of
outrage and maltreatment coming under the cogni-
zance of the bureau."
mississippi.
The following are extracts from a report sub-
mitted January V2, 1866, to Colonel Samuel
Thomas, assistant commissioner, by Captain
J. Ii. Matthews, sub-assistant commissioner,
stationed at Magnolia, Mississippi:
" On the 15th day of December,1865, a negro reported
at roy office and informed ine that his former master,
Mr. Felix Allen, of Pike county, had sent him into
Amite county, Mississippi, on business, and that he
would call and see mo on his return. On the ensuing
day he returned to my office, most shamefully beaten,
and stated that after he had performed his mission
with Mr. Allen's son-in-law, he lodged for the night
in the quarters on tho place by direction of Mr. Allen'?
son-in-law; that while in bed about eleven o'clock
p. m. some six or seven white men came and bursted
into the house, and with pistols drawn asked him
what he was doing there, when he informed them
that he was sent there by Mr. Allen, his master, and
that if they would go with him to the white folks'
househc would prove his statement; but 'no/ they
told him, 'we don't care a damn forthat, wewantyou
to go .with us/ When they had taken this man about
a mile they were met by about fifty aimed mounted
men (supposed to be militia, and commanded by a
man they called 4 lieutenant') who ordered them to
take him (the negro) off Irom the road and give him
a flogging; and when thcyhad proceeded about fifty
yards from tbo road they threw him down and six or
seven of them jumped into his face and bosom with
their heels, stamping and kicking him.
% "When this old negro (he was apparently sixty or
sixty-five years old) returned to my oiiice, he pre-
sented a most frightful appearance, his breast bone
broken, and he spitting biood." M
I respectfully invite your attention to a murder
committed by one John H.McGee,someninemonths
since, which would challenge the world for an equal
in studied brutality, which was reported to me some
time since, but for want of facts I did not feel war-
ranted in reporting before. The negro was murdered,
beheaded, skinned, and his skin nailed to the barn.
Should this affair be investigated, I would refer you
to Mr. Bunkly, at Bunkly's Ferry, who can give the
names of parties knowing to the facts."
Sfi .js * sfc * :s a * •>:
"Should they (the freedmen) remain where they
are, under exis'tingcircumstances. their condition will
not only be rendered worse than slaves, but tliesafety
for the lives andihe hopes for the future of this un-
fortunate race will depart forever."
The following report is dated Washington,
March 27, I860, from the assistant commis-
sioner, General 0. H. Howard, to Major Gen-
eral 0. 0. Howard, concerning Maryland :
General: I have the honor to submit the follow-
ing partial report, in compliance with your circular
dated March 2, 186(5, concerning the status of the
freedmen in Maryland:
Statute discriminations against tho negroes on ac-
count of color.
1. No colored witness can testify in cnscs involving
conflicting interests between white and black.
2. A negro convicted of an offense the punishment
of which if committedby a white man would be con-
finement in the penitentiary, may be at the discre-
tion of the court sentenced to receivo not exceeding
fozty lashes.
3. A negro hiring to a white man for a term and
refusing to enter his service, but hiring himself to
another, unless it appear that his wages would be
insecure, or that ho received improper treatment
from the first, two fifths of his wages in tho hands of
hi?second employer shall accrue asalientothefirst.
4. For a negro to belong to any secret society is a
felony—the punishment a fine of fifty dollars.
5. Ino education of colored apprentices is required.
(Practically, too, the provision of the law requiring
that the parents of children shall be summoned, and
their consent to the indenture obtained, oi that their
inability to provide for their children is shown, is in
a maiority of cases ignored.)
6. In Anne Arundel and Somerset counties, license
to deal in merchandise cannot be obtained by a
negro, unless recommended by a certain number of
respectable freeholders. No white person, the part-
ner of a negro, shall be granted a license; and if a
white man employ a colored el©rk, the penalty is
fifty dollars.
7. In Charles county, no negro shall have or uso
any sail or row boat without license from a justice
of tho peace.
8. In Kent and Queen Anne counties, *" free ne-
groes'* that leave the counties and return shall be
punished by fine and imprisonment.
9. In Prince George county,(fifth district,)negroes
are not to assemble under pretense ol public worship,
excepton certain daya named in thestatute, andgen-
erally it appears that the organic law of the State
is not such as to prevent discrimination against the
rightsof the negro, by county or other local author-
ities. A State official writes from Annapolis, Feb-
ruary 14,1866,as follows: "The colored people have
no protection; the white rowdies pick achancewhen
no white person is about to maltreat the freedmen,
and because the colored peoplecannot testily against
them, the rowdies go free. Where the negro is con-
cerned it is very difficult to find a jury to convict the
aggressor if he be a white person. I think the juris-
diction of tho bureau should be extended to Mary-
land as soon as possible."
At the last sitting of th e grand jury in Annapolis a
magistrate was indicted fo> putting a white man who
had assaulted and beaten a colored woman under
bonds to keep the peace, on the complaint and affi-
davit of tho woman, who came with the scars of the
beating upon her person. At the same pi a^e, in No-
vember, 1865, a colored woman was sentenced to be
sold for two years for persuading her children to leave
their former master,to whom they were apprenticed.
The children had secured placcs to work, and their
wages for the year would have amounted to 6-100.
In Ptince George county a colored man named Jor-
don Diggs had four of his children taken from him
and bound bv his old master, against his conscntand
protest. The names of the children were included in
a contract to labur for the present year, the wages
amounting to $300,
January 17,1866, Charlotte Turner, colored, makes
affidavit that William Preston, of Howard county,
holds her children, Frank and Chiules, aged rcr-poct-
ivcly ten and nine years, illegally and against her
consent.
February 5,1866, Amos Hunt, a white resident of
Washington, testifies that on the 3d of the same month
he accompanied SandyHcnson, colored, toSurratt's,
in Prince George county, to visit his (Henson's;
daughter; that on his anival at the place Henson
was mot by threats of violence and death by the man
with whom his daughteris living, and was compelled
to return without seeing her.
Richard Butler, colored, of St. Mary's county, tes-
tifies thai lie was assaulted and beaten without cause
by one John A. Lloyd. Robert Avery, a constable,
was present, and did not interfere to protect him or
preserve tho peace.
February V, 1866, Essex Barbour, eolored, late a
soldier in the thirtieth regiment United States colored
troops, makes affidavit that on the 3d ot the same
month he was assaulted and beaten at Chaptico, St.
Mary's countv, by four white men, one of whom is a
returned rebel soldier, and makes^it his business to
injure eolored people, more especially eolored sol-
diers, at all times and placcs. "I havedefended the
country in the field, and most respectfully request
that I may bo protected at home."
February 17, 1866, Richard Speake, colored, of St.
Mary's county, eomplains'of his employer, who, on the
16th of that month, assaulted and beat him seriously.
March 19,1866. Maria Hutchinson, colored, com-
plains and testifies that at Nottingham, Princc George
oounty, on the 9th instant, her husband, Henry
Hutchinson, late a colored soldier, was assaulted and
scrioufly beaten by several white men: thatherlius-
band gave no cause of offense except asking one of
the men if he had accused him of stealing; and that
her husband is now confined in jail at Marlborough
to answer a charge of having threatened the life of
one &¥ his assailants.
Philip Brown, colored, complains under oath that
he was assaulted by a white man, in Montgomery
county, on the 22d instant, while ciossing the farm
of the latter, and that he was shot at and wounded
in the head by the same white man while ijding qui-
etly along tho public highway on the evening of the
same day. He has been a soldier; and when shot he
hci'rd a companion of the man who shot him say,
"Shoot the d—n son of a b—h; he b nothing but a
Union soldier.''
The above arc specimens of many similar affidavits
regardingoutragesin Maryland received at this office.
The present civil lsjw and its administration are found
to be practically, and it may be said totally, inade-
quate to protect the negro in his rights of person and
property. For example, often in these assaults upon
the negro by the white man colored witnesses only
are present, and the testimony of eolored men is not
received when a white man is involved. Hence an
indictment of the guilty party in the case is impos-
sible.
The opposition to the efforts to educate the colored
people in Ma lyland is bitter and wide-spread. Teach-
ers have been stoned and blackened, and indignation
meetings jicld and resolutions passed to drive them
out. Scnool-houscs have been burned; colored
churches, (oo. have been destroyed to prevent col-
ored schools being opened in them.
Respectfully submitted,
C. II. HOWARD,
Brevet Brigadier General, Assistant Cotii/.u^ioncr.
And now, Mr. Speaker, I will sliow that the
existing law is not sufficient for the protection
of these men. I have already said that the
law was passed before the great amendment of
the Constitution was ratified and made effect-
ive. It applied to those who weic then freed-
men from rebel States or -from districts em-
braced in the operations of the Army. There
were no freedmen excepting those made such
by State action or by the proclamation of Mr.
Lincoln. What control or supervision does
that law in its ternis authorize over men sub-
sequently declared free but who were then in
bondage? It is not a sufficient answer to say
that from the necessity of the case it has been
demanded of the Government that all freed-
men should be deemed to be under the care of
the bureau. So, indeed, in the absence of legis-
lation it was demanded. -No sane man can
doubt that in Maryland and in Kentucky it was
the duty of the Government to stand between
the freedman and those who would oppress
"him.
Now, Mr. Speaker, upon examination of the
existing law it will be found that in its terms it
was designed to apply to those persons who
were made free by military proclamation.
'•Freedmen from rebel States or from any dis-
trict of country within the territory embraced
in the operations of the Army." N"o persons
were such freedmen who had not been held in
bondage by traitor owners in arms against the
Government, or who had not been declared
fiee within the terms of Mr. Lincoln's procla-
mation. Freedmen of Ivcntucky, Maryland,
Missouri, and of such portions of Louisiana
and Tennessee as were declared free by law,
and not by military order, would not be em-
braced within the direct provisions of that law.
The supervision and care of these men have
been purely military and outside of the pro-
visions of the law. But this should not be,
now that Congress can act, clothed as they are
with the power and loaded with the duty con-
ferred and imposed by the second section of the
amendment. It is a work which Congress
ought to regulate and direct. How can we
answer to constituent or to country if we will-
fully ignore our duty toward these men?
Mr. Speaker, I conjure the members of this
House to examine the law and to consider this
argument I present to prove the necessity of
further legislation.
But this argument does not stand alone. The
existing law gives to the bureau themanagement
of "all abandoned landsand the fourth sec-
tion is as follows:
"Sec. 4. And be it further ennntcd. That the Com-
missioner, under the direction of the President, shall
have authority to get apart, for the use of loyal refu-
gees and freedmen, such tracts of land within the
insurrectionary States asshall have been abandoned,
or to which the United States shall have acquired
title by confiscation or sale, or otherwise; and to
every male citizen, whether refugee or freedman as
aforesaid, theie shallbe assigned not more than forty
acres of such land, and the poi ^on to whom it was so
assigned shallbe protected in the use and enjoyment
of the land for the term of three years at an annual
rent not exceeding &ix per cent, upon tho value of
siu'h land as it was appraised by the State authori-
ties in the year 1860 for the purpose of taxation: and
in caso no such appraisalcan be found, then the rental
shall be based upon the estimated value of the land
in said year, to be ascertained in such manner as tiie
Commissioner may by regulation proscribe. At the
end of said I "I'm, or at any time during said term, tho
occupants of any parcels so assigned in ay purchase
the land and receive such title thereto as the United
States can convey, upon paying therefor tho value
of the land as ascertained and fixed for tho purpose
of determining the annual rent aforesaid." .
Under this section, most of the abandoned
property which had been held by Treasury
agents, and the confiscable lands and aban-
doned plantations, were placed, by order of
the President, under the care of the bureau.
The law intended that lands should be leased
or sold to refugees and freedmen. The prop-
erty was to be controlled by the bureau, and
held not only as a means of support to freed-
men but of revenue to the Government. It
was intended that this bureau should sustain
itself: and those men who knew most about
the willingness of freedmen to work and tho
productiveness of lands abandoned, felt as-
sured that not one dollar of money would be
lost to the Government by tho operation of the
bureau. The Commissioner, in his report at
the beginning of the session, sajs:
C> O ^ ' «■
"From one to ten thousand acres in each of tlio
sovci al St;.te> have been used as colonies lor vagrant
on-A destitute freedmen. In South Carolina, Georgia,
and Florida some land, the cxact amount ot v. hi eh
has been reported, has been actually divided -usd
assigned to freedmen as contemplated in tho act cs-
