ni 38
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11
pf individuals lands for these purposes lying
within the limits of a State; but it does not get
the right of exclusive jurisdiction over them
until the assent of the Legislature of the State
has been given to the grant; and this principle
has been held by the courts in repeated in-
stances ; so that the title itself which the Gov-
ernment gets in the latter case differs essen-
tially from that which it obtains in the former
ease. In the former case it takes the title in
trust for a specific purpose; that is, to hold the
land as the seat of Government permanently,
according to the Constitution; in the latter case
it becomes merely a purchaser, and may, I
should suppose, cede it or grant it away to any
person that may consent to become the pur-
chaser or grantee. I see no difficulty in that.
But because it may grant away dock-yards and
arsenals, it by no means follows that it can
grant away the seat of Government, which, by
the Constitution, properly interpreted, is to be
permanent and enduring.
I see no force, therefore, in the somewhat
plausible argument of my learned friend from
Maryland. We must construe this article as
it is written, and construe it with reference
to the events transpiring at the time and the
occasion which produced it, and endeavor to
elicit the intention both from the text itself
aud from the historical events by which the
Convention was actuated. Sir, can we violate
a trust? Is it competent for Congress under
the Constitution, having such a trust imposed
upon them and having accepted it, to violate
and disown it? It may be said that with the
consent of the cestwis que trust, that is, of
Maryland and Virginia, the ceding parties,
Congress may grant away the District. That
argument has no force. Who were the par-
ties in interest? Who were the cestuis que
trust, the beneficiaries, under the Constitution 1
Were Maryland and Virginia, or the people of
those two States, the only beneficiaries inter-
ested in it? No, sir; the whole people of the
United States were the parties interested, one
Statu as well as another, one citizen as well as
another; and I contend it is not in the power
of Congress to divest themselves of this trust
without the consent of the whole people of the
United States, who, and who alone, are the
parties interested as cestuis que trust, without
an amendment of this clause giving the power.
I hojd, therefore, that the act of retrocession
to Virginia of 1846 was absolutely void, as a
violation of the trust imposed by the Consti-
tution, and it is time for us to resume the
jurisdiction.
The Senator from New Hampshire tells us
that he declines to vote in the interest of the
rebellion; and to show that the act of 1846
was not passed in the interest of the prospect-
ive rebellion he reads from the record the
names of various northern Senators and Rep-
resentatives who voted for it. It is not at all
surprising that northern gentleman should have
voted for the'act of retrocession. No man
need be astonished at it. It is some relief to
me, and it ought to be some relief to the hon-
orable Senator from New Hampshire, to know
that the fugitive slave act of 1850, passed only
four years after this retrocession, and which
no man will deny was in the minds of the lead-
ing secessionists an initiatory measure to the
rebellion, which no man will deny was intended
to fire the southern heart, and, in the language
of Mr. Calhoun's letter of 1847, intended "to
force the issue upon the North," was approved
by a northern Chief Magistrate no less conser-
vative than Millard Fillmore. Certainly, Mr.
Fillmore did not intend that as a measure ini-
tiatory to a general rebellion or that it would
become such; that probably was farthest from
his thoughts; but still at this day, I take it, no
man will deny that such was the real purpose
of that wicked measure. It was drawn by
James M. Mason, submitted to this body by
him, was engineered through the Senate by his
persuasion. What his object really was, is best
determined by looking at the history of that
individual from that time down to the present
moment. He became a rebel and is now an
outlaw, not daring to show his face in the coun-
try that gave him birth. :
Mr. SAULSBURY. I wish to ask the hon-
orable Senator to be good enough to explain
to the Senate, because I ask for information,
how it is possible that the enactment of a fugi-
tive slave law could contribute to bringing
about a rebellion in this country on the part of
the southern States, who would be benefited
by the enactment?
Mr. HOWARD. The question of the honor-
able Senator opens a very wide field for discus-
sion, and involves the recital of numerous his-
torical events of which he is as well aware, I
take it, as I am. I will not, therefore,, con-
sume the time of the Senate in answering his
question further than to say that in my opin-
ion—and that opinion is borne out by the
history of the times—the fugitive slave law
of 1850 was enacted by- that Congress, under
the engineering of Mr. Mason and others, for
the very purpose of insulting the northern
mind, of insulting, the citizens of the free
States, by attempting to make every man of
them a slave-catcher at the beck of a south-
ern master in pursuit of his slave. Common
sense would have taught the authors of that
law that it could possibly lead to no good, that
it could have no other effect but to irritate and
excite the northern people on the subject of
slavery, and make it still more difficult to bring
about a settlement of the controversies which
were then raging throughout the country. It was
intended as an insult; it was intended to pro-
duce such a state of feeling, both at the North
and South, as should, within the shortest pos-
sible time, eventuate in a bloody conflict be-
tween the two sections ; and it contributed, in
my judgment, (and I have been a careful ob-
server of passing events,) more than any other
act passed by Congress, or any other cause, to
produce the civil war. It was intended as a
means of initiating secession and dissolution.
Mr. SAULSBURY. It is not my intention
to detain the Senate; I spoke longer on this
subject yesterday than I intended; but there
is one view in which this subject may be con-
sidered which then escaped my memory, which
I wish to mention to the" Senate, and I will
simply state it now.
If this were a controversy between private
individuals, instead of between the Govern-
ment of the United States and the State of
Virginia, there can be no doubt as to how it
would be decided in a court of law. I con-
tended yesterday that the act of retrocession
of this portion of the District of Columbia
to the State of Virginia was not unconstitu-
tional, but was constitutional; but even if we
were to admit, for the sake of the argument,
that the original act of retrocession was uncon-
stitutional, yet at this late day it would not
be competent for the Congress of the United
States to repeal the act, provided the same
rules of law and principles of equity would
obtain in a controversy between the State of
Virginia and the United States as would ob-
tain between private individuals. There is no
principle of law more clearly recognized than
this, that where a party claiming an interest,
for instance, in a tract of land, attends a pub-
lic sale, see# that tract of land sold to an inno-
cent purchaser for a valuable consideration,
sees improvements erected upon that tract of
land, and folds his arms and acquiesces in it,
the party who has the legal title to the land
by his acts has forfeited that title and cannot
recover the land as against an innocent pur-
chaser.
Now, what is the application of this principle
of law to the present case? In 1846 the Con-
gress of the United States by solemn act retro-
ceded this portion of the District of Columbia
to the State of Virginia. For twenty years
the United States Government has acquiesced
in that act. By many subsequent acts of legis-
lation she has recognized this former portion
of the District of Columbia to be a portion of
Virginia. She has levied direct taxes upon
the inhabitants of Alexandria as inhabitants
of the State of Virginia. She has stood by and
seen the State of Virginia erecting at the pub-
lic expense and out of the public treasury of
that State three railroads in that territory. She
has admitted to seats in the House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States, Representatives
elected by the inhabitants of that portion of a
congressional district of Virginia. She applied
her confiscation act to the inhabitants of that
former portion of the District of Columbia as
citizens of the State of Virginia. The Con-
gress of the United States, in levying its direct
tax, provided that in case of non-payment of
that tax by these very people, inhabitants of
Virginia, they should be subjected to an addi-
tional penalty of fifty per cent.
Mr. JOHNSON. And.appointed collectors
and assessors under the revenue act.
Mr. SAULSBURY. And appointed col-
lectors who are residing in Virginia. In every
form, in every shape, in which Congress could
recognize Alexandria as being in the State of
Virginia, it has done so from the year 1846
when it passed the act of retrocession. And
yet, in the face of all the solemn acts of the
Government of the United States in every de-
partment, executive, legislative, and judicial,
and that continuously for a period of twenty
years, you are now asked to repeal the law
and to say that Alexandria is no portion of the
State of Virginia. Why, sir, if this was a con-
troversy between individuals in a court of law
or in a court of equity, upon the mere presen-
tation of the facts to the court they would not
hear argument on the subject. They would
say you are estopped in law or you are estopped
in pais; your own acts conclude you. Sir, you
cannot blow hot and cold at the same time.
You have made your election, and even if the
original act was absolutely void, your subse-
quent acts rendered the retrocession valid and
complete. There is no lawyer that has ever
studied an elementary book upon the princi-
ples of the law that can gainsay or deny the
correctness of the opinion I have now passed.
Mr. President, let not prejudice' or passion
warp our judgments as legislators. When the
principle governing the ease is as clear as the
sun at noonday, do not let us flj in the face of
reason and of law and say, simply because we
have numbers sufficient to pass the act that
therefore, right or wrong, legal or illegal, we
will pass it. There is not a member of the
legal profession on this floor who, if this was
a controversy between private individuals, and
the plaintiff in the case was standing in the
same attitude toward the defendant that the
United States stands in reference to the State
of Virginia, would take a fee to go into a court-
house to argue the case. And yet, sir, because
it is Virginia, which is in ruins, and because
the United States Government is a great and
powerful Government, and because there is a
disapproval of the action of the public men of
Virginia in attempting to secede from the Fed-
eral Union, we are asked to pass this bill di-
rectly in the face of our own action for twenty
years, directly in contravention of the plainest
and simplest principles of law, and directly
and palpably in contravention of the plainest
principles of justice. Seize upon that portion
of what was formerly the District of Columbia,
appropriate to yourselves the money of Vir-
ginia that has been expended in the erection
of railroads and other improvements in that
district, and then lay your hands upon your
hearts and say that this is all just and fair!
But, Mr. President, I was struck with a re-
mark that fell from the honorable Senator from
Ohio the other day. He went further, and con-
tended, if I understood him aright, and I do
not wish to misrepresent him, that even if the
law of retrocession was constitutional, yet that
the Congress of the United States had the
power, and, as I understood him, could right-
fully repeal the act.
Mr. WADE. Certainly.
Mr. SAULSBURY. The Senator nods as-
sent.
Mr. WADE. I will tell you why when you
get through.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I shall be glad to hear
