1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3739
the "why." Let me put a case. In most of
the States of this Union there are what are
called vacant lands, the title to which is in the
State. There has been a great deal of that
kind of land in my State. We have a law, as
I presume most States have for their vacant
lands, that gives the privilege to any person
who knows where there is vacant land to peti-
tion the Legislature of the State for a grant of
the land ; and the Legislature may grant for a
consideration, or they may grant it without any
consideration. Suppose now that the Legisla-
ture of a State where there are vacant lands
located, does by solemn act of the Legislature
grant to A C five hundred acres of vacant land
situated in such a hundred or such a township.
Tiiat, then, is the law of the land. Suppose
A B goes into possession of that land, ditches
it, makes improvements upon it, will the hon-
orable Senator say that it would be competent
for the Legislature of that State to repeal that
act and divest the title granted? It is a con-
tract, as most of the law is resolved into con-
tract; it is a contract between the State and
the individual.
When the grant is made by the State and
accepted by the individual the contract is per-
fected, and it is not in the power of the grantor
to divest the grantee of the title. So in this
case, if the right to that portion of the District
of Columbia was in the United States, and
Congress had the power to part with it—and I
shall not discuss that aspect of the question,
because it has been already exhausted by the
Senator from Maryland—when the Govern-
ment of the United States, acting through its
legislative department, made a grant of that
portion of the District to the State of Virginia,
and that grant was accepted by the State of
Virginia and she went into possession, it be-
came a contract executed, which no one of the
parties has the right, without the consent of the
other, to revoke. A contrary doctrine would
lead to the most disastrous consequences in
every State of this Union. What! make a
solemn grant, part with your title by the most
solemn mode in which you can part with it—
because the most solemn and formal way in
which the Government of the United States
can part with title to property is by an act of
the Congress of the United States—part with
your title, vest it in A B, see him go on, and
after he has accepted the grant improve the
subject-matter of it, and then turn around and
say you have a right to divest it! Why, sir,
this principle, if applied practically, would de-
stroy an amount of title to real estate in this
country, destroy an amount of property valued
at millions and untold millions; and it is the
first time in my life I ever heard the doctrine
advanced. It is not in any book, not even, as
an eminent lawyer of my State once said, " in
17 Dogberry, bound in boards." There can-
not be found such a principle in any law book,
not even in the old black-letter law books, nor
in any law book in any State in this Union, or
in any court where English law is administered.
Such'a principle is totally subversive of the law
which governs titles to estates.
Mr. President, some of us supposed^ before
now that we know a little about law; but if these
principles be correct, then I apprehend that
nineteen twentieths and ninety-nine out of every
hundred lawyers will have to go back to the A
B C of the law, and see if they cannot dig up
some hidden meaning which has escaped the
observation of all those who have essayed the
paths of the law heretofore.
Mr. President, I have said all I have to say
on this subject, and will now hear the rea-
sons which the honorable Senator can assign
wherein, if the act of retrocession be constitu-
tional, Congress gets the power to repeal it.
Mr. WADE. I am in hopes I shall con-
vince the gentleman, loath as I see he is to be
convinced of anything against his side of the
question. I do" not propose to go over the
arguments I have made on this subject twice
before with regard to the constitutionality of
the act of 1846 upon general principles of jaw
on which I sought first to place it. I believe
they stand firm yet against all the arguments
that have been made. I have heard nothing
to shake my confidence in the position that
was assumed by the Senator from New York,
[Mr. £Takris,] the Senator from Nevada, [Mr.
Stewart,] and the Senator from Michigan,
[Mr. Howard,] and therefore it is unneces-
sary for me to undertake to reenforce their
arguments by anything that I can say upon
the general subject. But the Senator from Del-
aware wishes to know, on the supposition that
their arguments are unsound and that the ori-
ginal act was constitutional, how it is that Con-
gress has power now to repeal the act and to
bring back those people into the District of
Columbia again. I am astonished that he did
not see that there was a principle of law that
would sweep away all this stuff we have been
talking about and put it clearly within the power
of Congress to place this part of the District
wherever they pleased, and that, too, upon prin-
ciples of the highest public law. ■
Suppose that in 1840—fori am only making
the supposition—the arguments of the gentle-
men that go against me upon this question
were all right, and that the law was strictly con-
stitutional then, that all parties concurred in
it, and that Congress had a right to undo what
they had done at the origin of the Government,
as I do not admit, however, does the gentleman
forget the principle of law that where there are
compacts between different nations and war
breaks out between them the compacts are all
annulled? Did you ever hear of such a law?
Did you not knaw that your act of rebellion in
the State of old Virginia put it in our power,
at our will, to annul everything we had done,
even if it had been constitutional at the time?
Can you deny that there is such a principle of
law as that? Do you want me to go to the books
and look up authorities to show that the break-
ing out of a war between nations annuls every
compact and places the parties, as it were, in
a state of nature, clear from anything, putting
an end to all compacts or agreements that bave^
been entered into? It is in this way, sir, that
I answer you, even if your arguments were just
and your logic true, it is notwithstandingin our
power, nay, sir, it is our highest duty that we
owe to the loyal people of that district, to place
them back where they were before.
If this compact was made with the State of
Virginia in 1846, was it not made upon the
hypothesis that that State should remain faith-
ful to the Constitution and to the Government
of this nation ? Would you, sir, would the
men who-it has been shown voted for that
proposition, ever have thought of doing it if
you had told them that in less than fifteen
years after they transferred these people over
to the State of Virginia she would be in vio-
lent, flagrant war with the nation ? What did
this grant presuppose? Only perfect faithful-
ness on the part of Virginia; I mean provided
all the preliminary steps were right, which I
deny.
Now, Mr. President, I am told by the peti-
tioners, and I am assured by hundreds of those
who do not petition, that the conduct of the
State of Virginia toward the Union men of that
portion of this District is perfectly unbeara-
ble, savage, rude, outrageous ; they are treated
with contumely, their rights trampled under
foot through the prejudices of that old State
under whose jurisdiction you have placed them.
That State has made war upon them, and for
their Unionism they are persecuted. Their
petitions are exceedingly numerous, and I am
informed by some of the best men in that cart
of the District that there is no doubt a majority
of the people there who are prompt, eager,
anxious to be brought back into the District
again because of the persecution of that State.
They are deprived of their rights ; it is impos-
sible for them to hold up their heads there
against the overbearing insolence of the State
of Virginia.
It thus being put in our power by a right that
nobody ever controverted, what is our duty?
Shall we turn the cold shoulder on those just
men who were transferred by you like cattle to
a jurisdiction to which they objected—for I do
not suppose that at the time this vote was taken
there was a single man of the minority who did
not dread to go under the jurisdiction of that
old and prejudicial State as they dreaded the
gates of death and hell. I say, sir, you have
departed, yea, widely departed, from the great
principles of American freedom and American
law when you suffered a majority to transfer
tlie minority of freemen into a foreign, hateful
jurisdiction. It is not in accordance with the
principles of American law nor the spirit of
our institutions. Besides, it was flagrantly
unconstitutional.
Now, let me ask the Senator from Delaware,
is there anything in the law I have laid down
that you cannot understand; are you answered ?
Even if all you haveffeid is true and your logic
is just, are you not answered? Virginia has
made war upon the Union people of this por-
tion of the District; they have been subjected
to her insolence, her terrible persecution, her
unwarrantable jurisdiction; you placed them
there against their will. Had you a right to
do so? Even if you had, when this war broke
out, when the State of Virginia waged unwar-
rantable, violent war on this nation, did it not
release those loyal people, did it not confer
upon the Government the right at its will to
end this compact, if it may be so called, and
bring back this territory to where it properly
belonged? Most assuredly it did. Is there
any gentleman in the Senate so craven-spirited
as to say that he will leave these loyal people
nnder these accursed persecutions? Will you
from Delaware do it? Oh, you do not believe
they are abused! Nevertheless, just men, true
men, Union men, men who have become mar-
tyrs for standing up for the rights and jurisdic-
tion of the United States, whose truth never
was doubted, tell me tales of tyranny and
oppression that prevail in that portion of this
District such as have not been visited upon any
Union people in any other part of this Union.
If you decide against them, if you turn them
coldly away, if you leave these just men in the
power of their enemies, they have got to flee
from the homes of themselves and their fathers.
They cannot live there. They are trampled
under foot; and the prejudices of the old State
of Virginia are such that they cannot get their
rights in her courts.
I say there is full right, full liberty in Con-
gress, on your own principles to pass this bill.
You need not go back to that sophistry we
have heard here to prove that this original
assigning away of American citizens was just.
You cannot lay hold of that as a bridge over
this abyss of iniquity. Even if the compact was
a truthful and a righteous one, it is within our
power to say to Virginia, "You have broken it,
yon have violated it, you have trampled down
the rights of American citizens there whom
we trusted to your generosity and your equity
and your righteous dealing; you waged war
against them and against the Union, and
thereby gave us jurisdiction over the whole
subject, and having that jurisdiction, we will
use it to protect men that have a right to the
protection of American law." This view is
in my judgment so conclusive that it is entirely
unnecessary for me to follow all the sophistry
we have heard to prove that the act of retro-
cession was constitutional. I endeavored to
show upon ordinary principles of law that it
was clearly unconstitutional; but when we
come to this great principle lying at the bot-
tom, is there a gentleman here who doubts the
light of this Government to relieve these men
from oppression and take them out from under
the faithless control of that State to whom,
you consigned them ? No, sir. You not only
have the right, but it is your paramount duty
before God and man to do this ; it shall have
my vote, and I hope will receive the vote of a
majority of the Senate.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, the
honorable Senator from Ohio has plaeed_now
the justification of this act upon totally differ-
ent grounds from any which he mentioned in
any former argument. He now goes back to
