1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
755
I hope to hear no more said about this mat-
ter. It is not worthy the attention of this
House. I think enough was said about it the
other day; more than I want to hear again.
Mr. GR1NNELL. I have discharged my
duty. I have allowed the member to report
himself, and he does not seem disposed to take
advantage of his own wrong to retract his
words. He throws himself back upon his style
of dignity, and he has a perfect right to do so.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. I wish the gentleman
would indicate what words he expects me to
retract. 1 do not understand him.
Mr. GRINNELL. I have not asked the
gentleman to retract anything. I simply wished
to allow him an opportunity to explain himself
by his own speech, to show what was the dif-
ference between his declaration and my state-
ment of it. I thought that he said that he would
shoot a negro, while it appears by his speech
that in two instances he said that he would shoot
a white officer of the United States while on
duty. That is all the explanation I wish to
make, and I am willing to stand in that posi-
tion.
If the gentleman means to say that Kentucky
is the only State whose sons do not turn their
backs in the day of danger, then I apprise him
that there are other States northward whose
sons I defend from cowardice. It is not for
me to boast that I belong to the profession of
'gory Mars, and I have not had much experience
in fast running, but trust 1 have a comfortable
amount of that quality which means standing
still and both awaiting and meeting the conse-
quences of my acts and words at home and
abroad.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. Mr. Speaker, I cannot
allow the gentleman to become defender of the
troops from the free States. I simply wish
to say that I have made no reflection upon the
soldiers of the various States. I have fought
with them, sir, and I only wish that the gen-
tleman from Iowa had been willing to be pres-
ent to see how bravely and gallantly the troops
from his own State and all the free States de-
ported themselves in time of battle. I have
fought with those men; I know them ; and I
would rather die than cast a reflection upon
them.
Mr. McKEE. Mr. Speaker, I have nothing
to say Tfith reference to this question. I sim-
ply wish to make a correction of the report of
my own speech telegraphed from this city by
the Associated Press.
I am reported as having said that Kentucky
was the most disloyal ot all the rebel States. I
am correctly reported in the Globe. My remark
was that Kentucky has been one of the most
disloyal.
A Member. There is not much difference.
Mr. McKEE. I do not wish to withdraw that
remark. I only mean to add that that State
has not only been one of the most disloyal, but
one of the most troublesome of all the disloyal;
and she is the only State which has now prac-
tically succeeded by her legislation in carrying
out the doctrine of secession. [Laughter.]
Mr. JENCKES. I think that the House will
thank me for having yielded to these gentlemen;
for we have now obtained an exact definition
of the position of Kentucky; and I hope it will
be ever remembered.
I desire now to call up the special order, the
bankrupt bill.
order oe business.
Mr. MORRILL. I wish to inquire, Mr.
Speaker, what is the position of the loan bill ?
As I understand, that bill was made a special
order for to-day after the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. The loan bill was made a
special order for to-day after the morning hour;
but in accordance with the usages of the House,
the bankrupt bill having been made a special
order previously, antedates the loan bill, which
will come up as soon as the bankrupt bill shall
have been disposed of.
bankrupt bill.
The House, agreeably to order, resumed the
consideration of the special order, the bill (H.
R. No. 7) to establish a uniform system of
bankruptcy throughout the United States.
Mr. JENCKES. I wish now to move the
adoption of the amendments reported by the
committee. All of those amendments except
two are merely corrections of the printing, or
are designed to make the provisions of the bill
more clear. Two of the amendments are mat-
ters of substance.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
that the bill as amended by the committee be
offered as a substitute for the original bill. By
this means the whole bill will be open to amend-
ment, while otherwise only amendments to the
amendments could be offered.
Mr. JENCKES. I thank the Chair for the
suggestion ; and I now offer the bill as amended
by the committee as a substitute for the original
bill.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to make a
suggestion to the gentleman from Rhode Island.
A number of gentlemen have suggestions to
make and possibly amendments to offer to the
different sections of the bill; and I suggest that
by unanimous consent the bill be considered,
as in Committee of the Whole, and be read by
sections for amendment and debate.
Mr. JENCKES. The only objection to that
is in the time that would be consumed in the
reading of this long bill; it consists of over
fifty sections.
The SPEAKER. Any gentleman has the
right at this time to have the bill read.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not propose that
there shall be any waste of the time of the
House. All I desire is that the reading of the
bill may be by sections, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole, so that amendments
and suggestions may be made, and the whole
subject be presented intelligibly to the consid-
eration of members.
Mr. JENCKES. Mr. Speaker, I have no
objection to that.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the bill will be considered as in Committee of
the Whole, and read by sections for amend-
ment, on which the five minutes' debate will be
in order.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
message prom the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had passed Senate bill No. 80, for
the relief J. B. Iiittenhouse, fleet paymaster of
the Pacific squadron ; in which he was directed
to ask the concurrence of the House.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled joint resolutions and bill
of the following titles, namely:
Joint resolution (S. No. 20) extending the
time for the completion of the Burlington and
Missouri River railroad;
Joint resolution (S. No. 2G) for the payment
of the expenses incurred by the joint committee
to inquire into the condition of the States which
formed the so-called confederate States of
America; and
An act (S. No. 86) granting the fraukmg
privilege to Mrs. Mary Lincoln ;
When the Speaker signed the same.
missouri contested election.
The SPEAKER presented a deposition in
the case of S. H. Boyd vs. John R. Kelso:
which was referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions.
bankrupt bill afsain.
Mr. JENCKES. Mr. Speaker, before the
bill is read I desire to submit a few remarks
opening the debate.
This bill is the result of the careful study of
the subject by two select committees ot this
House, and of the Judiciary Committee of the
Senate in the last Congress. It may also be
said to be the result of the studies ot previous
committees of Congress, who, in the light of
the previous experience of this country and of
other commercial countries, have endeavored
to provide for the necessities of our merchants
and men of business. It is an attemptto estab-
lish the law of debtor and creditor upon an
equal" and just system, based upon the Consti-
tution, and which shail have a salutary and sat-
isfactory operation in all parts of our country.
The bill has been printed in large editions
and liberally distributed throughout the country.
Abstracts of it have been published in most of
the newspapers, and in all of the legal period-
icals. Every lawyer and man of business in
the country has had an opportunity of becom-
ing acquainted with its provisions. Many sug-
gestions in amendment have been received from
practical men, which have been duly consid-
ered and many of them accepted.
Since the bill was reported in the last Con-
gress, its provisions have also received consid-
eration in other countries. One fact is suffi-
ciently illustrative of the commendation which
it has received. In the last Parliament of Great
Britain a select committee of the House ot
Commons had the question of the revision of
their system of bankruptcy under consideration,
and out of twenty-one propositions of amend-
ment, eighteen were identical with the leading
provisions embodied in the bill before the last
Congress.
One criticism frequently made upon the bill
is that it is too long and elaborate. But it
should be remembered that it contains a code of
positive law—embracing the relations of debtor
and creditor in-every State—superseding the
local laws, and intended to be uniform and na-
tional in its operation. It lias been deemed
necessary, therefore, to set forth clearly every
proposition that relates to the rights and rem-
edies of parties affected by the system. Ail-
that relates to mere formalities of proceeding
has been omitted, and provision made for the
preparation of a code of rules which shall be
the same in every court. With the simple and
uniform machinery thus provided for, it is be-
lieved that the objections made to the operation
of previous statutes will be entirely overcome.
Every commercial nation has adopted a sys-
tem of bankrupt laws. It is too late to argue
upon the soundness of the principle upon which
such laws are founded. To question it would
be to question the results of the experience of
the whole world for centuries.
The bill is framed to take effect upon the
business of the country as it now exists. Time
is given for the framing and circulation of the
code of rules, and for the men of business of
the country to become acquainted with its pro-
visions. When it once goes into operation it
is believed it will become the basis of a perma-
nent system. The careful maimer in which the
bill has been prepared and revised by the com-
mittees which have had the subject in charge;
the length of time that the measure has been
before the country ; the universal favor in which
it has been received by all mercantile interests;
the general advocacy of the press ; the intrinsic
value and unquestionable good of the system,
and the common consent that the present is a
most favorable time for its introduction, induce
me to take up no more time in opening the
debate, but to ask that the bill may now be put
upon its passage.
Mr. HALE. I desire to inquire of the chair-
man of the select committee whether it is pro-
posed to bring this bill to a final vote to-day?
Mr. JENCKES. It will not be possible to
do so.
Mr. HALE. There are many things, while
approving the general idea of the bill, which,
in the brief examination I have made of it,
require amendment at least, for its security and
fair working in certain localities, depending on
the size of the districts; and there are also other
questions as to the practical details of the bill
1 think we ought fairly to consider.
Mr. JENCKES. It was for that purpose I
agreed that the bill should be considered as m
the Committee of the Whole, and read by sec-
tions for amendment.
Mr. HALE. Will time be allowed for the
consideration of these matters?
