mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11.
the "higher lawthe Jaw that as between two
foreign nations every compact is broken by
war; and he treats this ease now as though
Virginia was a foreign nation ; the United
States foreign to her; that there was an exist-
ing contract between -them; that war broke
out and was waged; between them; -and' tbis
Government being the conquering- Government
has- a right te dispose of the-soil of Virginia as
she pleases. That is an abandonment .of the
position formerly taken when treating Virginia
as a State of the Union, and the view now as-
sorted in support^f the position- whiehhe takes,
that Virginia is not a State in the Union, and
that none of the States which assumed to secede
are to-^ay States, of the Union, because if he
admits them to be* States in the Union, then
they have all the right iRat every other State;
in the Union has in reference to the question
of the eminent domain over their territory.
But, sir. I apprehend that the doctrine that
Virginia is not a State in the Union, and that
the other States which assumed to secede are
not States of the Union, although, attempted
to be inaugurated at the commencement of this
session, has been totally abandoned. We have
not heard for months upon this floor, although
it was feebly whispered in the beginning of
this session, that these southern States are not
States in the Union. You cannot by possi-
bility now say that they are not States in the
Union, because you have passed your constitu-
tional amendments and propose to submit them
to those States as States in the Union; you
appoint your revenue collectors in those States
as States in the Union; you levy your taxes
vtpon them as States in the Union, and in every
act where it was necessary to name them, you
named them "the State of Virginia," "the
State of South Carolina," "the State of Ala-
bama," &c. There are hundreds of acts upon
your statute-books since the commencement of
this war making this clear recognition of those
States as being States in the Union; and the
honorable Senator cannot support his view that
you have a right to dispose of any portion of
the State of Virginia as you please unless he
goes for the doctrine that Virginia is not a
State in the Union.
ilr. President, the doctrine of the honorable
Senator would lead to this: if you have a right
to take any portion of the State of Virginia
and appropriate it to yourselves yon have the
right to take the whole of it. You have a right
to wipe out State lines entirely, you-have a right
to take the whole of South Carolina and every
other southern State, blot out State lines, and
call it "the territory of rebeldom," and hold it
regardless of any former status. That is the
only ground you have got to assume that Vir-
ginia is not a State in the Union, and that you
have a right to wipe out State lines throughout
all the southern territory and reduce them to
one common territory, to be held subject to
your absolute will, or the argument of the Sen-
ator falls. The proposition opens up a field
of argument which, if I had time, would take
hours to exhaust.
A compact, says the learned Senator, is
broken by a war between the parties to the
compact; applying that principle as between
foreign nations to the States of this Union
when a conflict arises between the States of
the Union. Mr. President, I deny the appli-
cation of any such principle, however applica-
ble to the wars between foreign Powers, to a
war between the different States of this Union.
If you have power to make war upon any State
of this Union or any number of States, what
gives you the power? In what principle has
it its origin? In this and nothing else, that
the States agreed, in the Constitution which
they formed, to live together in a common
Union upon certain terms and conditions, each
pledging its faith to observe those terms and
conditions. If one party fails in the due per-
formance of that duty, and you get the power to
make war upon that State, for what purpose is
it? You declared it in the commencement
of the war. Such a doctrine as that now ad-
vanced was then scouted. You declared that
the war was to preserve the Union with all the
dignity and rights of the several States unim-
paired ; and when that object was accomplished
the war ought to cease. The only pretense of
right that you could have-claimed for tpaking
war upon Virginia or any other southern State
was on the assumption that they had violated
their agreement and-had failed to live with you
upon the terms upon which they and. you
agreed upon.
• If you had the power to make war at all, it
was tor the purpose of compelling those States
to live up k*their contract; and when you broke
down their physical force, subdued their mili-
tary power, you accomplished your purpose, and
you had no right to alter or interpolate the con-
tract when you had obtained a decree to compel
a specific performance, by military power, of the
contract to live according to the terms and con-
ditions of the Constitution. If any man basis
the right of this Government to wage war against
the southern- States upon any other principle
than this, he placed it upon a ground wholly
untenable, and in the prosecution of a war for
any other purpose would become an aggressor
himself and a dissolver of the Federal Union.
Why, sir, if the principle for which the Senator
contends be true, if you do not admit Virginia
to be a State, you would have a right to say
that she should be represented by one Sen-
ator on this floor instead of two, because ac-
cording to his theory war discharges all obli-
gations, puts an end to all contracts and com-
pacts, and it would be a mere matter of grace
and favor on the part of the Congress of the
United States to admit Virginia and the other
southern States here with one Senator on this
floor. And yet the Constitution of the United
States says each State shall have two Senators.
Mr. President, the argument of the Senator,
in my judgment, rests upon a wholly wrongful
perception of the true nature, theory, and char-
acter of our Federal system. He thinks that
because the State of Virginia attempted to se-
cede, therefore she was out of the Union, and
you have absolute control over her territory and
people ; that you may reduce the whole south-
ern States into one territory, hold them subject
to your absolute will and pleasure; that you may
take any portion of their soil and annex it to
this District, or you may annex it to any State
in the Union. According to his theory, you
may annex Virginia to Massachusetts; you may
do what you please with it.
But, sir, I will not argue against a proposi-v
tion which the general public sentiment and
opinion of the whole country now condemns.
The doctrine of "dead States" no longer ex-
ists in the fancy of the most imaginary. The
principle which has been started now for the
first time in reference to this question, that war
puts an end to all compacts, has no possible
application to a war between the States of this
Union, the war being waged for the preserva-
tion of the Union under and in accordance
with the Constitution of the country. I will
not detain the Senate any longer.
Mr. WILLEY. I do not rise, sir, to add
anything to the remarks which I made the
other day on the propriety of bringing the
former county of Alexandria back into the
District of Columbia. The discussion of this
bill has only increased my conviction of the
impropriety originally of transferring the sec-
tion of the District south of the Potomac to
the State of Virginia. That it ought to be a
part of the District, it seems to me is per-
fectly obvious; but at the same time I hesi-
tate as much about the propriety of passing
this bill now as I did at first. It seems to me
to be exclusively a question of law. It must
result in that at last; and the passage of this
bill under existing circumstances, if I am cor-
rect in my conception of what must be the
ultimate result of the question, would only serve
to complicate the difficulties already existing
and to entail mischief and misery upon the
people of Alexandria and on that side of the
river.
If the law retroceding the county of Alexan-
dria to the State of Virginia be constitutional,
it seems to me that it is utterly beyond our
control. Virginia, by a solemn act of her Le-
gislature, agreed to accept the cession if made.
The cession was made. Here, then, is a com-
pact executed, complete, beyond our control,
provided Congress had the constitutional power
to pass that act. If, therefore, it was consti-
tutional it is beyond our control, and any act
that we may pass will only place ourselves in
a false position, and, as I said just now, com-
plicate the difficulties that are upon us. If the
law of retrocession be unconstitutional, then
our action is equally nugatory; it is repealing
a law which in point of fact does not exist;
it is making that null and void which is null
and void; and the only way in which that fact
can be certainly and satisfactorily ascertained
will be by a resort to the judiciary, that we may
have the thing decided by a tribunal whose de-
cisions, shall be ultimate in the premises. If
we pass this bill it will only drive the party on
the other side into court. Why not, if neces-
sary, pass a joint resolution directing the At-
torney General 6f the United States to make a
case by quo warranto or some other proceed-
ing? _ .
Bnt, sir, I rose principally to ask the atten-
tion of the honorable Senator from Ohio to
some of the provisions of this bill. I have
nothing to add to what I said the other day on
the impropriety of passing the bill; but I re-
spectfully suggest to the honorable Senator
from Ohio that before this bill passes, if it shall
pass, it ought to be subjected to very critical
and thorough revision. Allow me to direct his
attention to the first section. It is there de-
clared '' that the act of Congress approved July
9, A. D. 1846, retroceding to the State of Vir-
ginia that portion of the district ten miles
square, as provided by the Constitution"—I
do not understand that; I do not understand
that the Constitution ever provided that we
should receive from Virginia ten miles square,
but that seems to be the provision of this sec-
tion—"knoVn as the District of Columbia."
Mr. WADE. I do not think there is any
obscurity in it. Perhaps there is more lan-
guage there than there need be; but it is not
obscure ; it is easily understood.
Mr. WILLEY. As I understand the terms
of this bill, it means that Congress did retro-
cede to Virginia the whole District ten miles
square.
Mr. WADE. Oh, no.
Mr. WILLEY. Certainly that is the lan-
guage of the section. It wants a modification
in some portion or other to designate the por-
tion of the District to which reference is had.
I also desire to direct the attention of the
Senator to the fifth section. It provides "that
from and after the passage of this act all civil
offices in the said portion of the District of
Columbia south of the Potomac, in the city
of Alexandria and what is known as the county
of Alexandria, shall be declared vacant"—all
officers of every kind, as I understand—"and
the vacancies so created shall be filled by new
appointments or elections, to be made and held
under the laws, regulations, and qualifications
provided by Congress for elections and electors
in the District of Columbia."
What is to become of that portion of the coun-
try during the interval ? Those offices are to
be vacated upon the passage of this act. Ac-
cording to the terms and provisions of this act
they cannot be filled except by an election
under the laws and regulations of the District
of Columbia. It will require some time to give
the notice. I am not familiar exactly with what
the provisions of law are in the District of
Columbia regulating elections, but certainly it
would require some time to give notice of the
election. In the mean time, as I understand it,
under the operation of this section the city gov-
ernment of Alexandria would be wholly dis-
solved, there would be no means of keeping the
peace, there would be no means of adminis-
tering justice at all, there would be a perfect
interregnum in the existence of all authority
to execute the laws or to maintain order. It
seems to me that the section Ought to be modi-
