2780
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
Why, Mr. Speaker, in some of the States the
bureau has given much more aid to the while
refugees than to the freedmen. The bureau has
not confined its operation to the men who were
made free.
In Alabama there had been on the 1st of
April, eight hundred and seventy-nine thou-
sand three hundred and forty-three rations is-
sued to refugees and three hundred and sixty-
four thousand two hundred and fifteen rations
issued to freedmen, and in Arkansas there had
been one million four thousand eight hundred
and sixty-two rations issued to refugees, and
seven hundred and fifteen thousand live hun-
dred and seventy-two issued to freedmen.
Now, sir, all we propose to do is to let freed-
man have a chance to buy a home. No land
is to be given away to him. but the Govern-
ment that has made him free helps him to pur-
chase a home. And this is all 1 desire to say
in offering this bill for consideration. Its pro-
visions have been carefully examined and will
receive, I trust, the favor of the House. I
have made a motion to recommit, and I pro-
pose to withdraw that motion and call the
previous question unless some other members
desire to debate this bill.
Mr. LE BLOND. There are persons who
desire to debate this bill. I hope, therefore,
the gentleman will not put the bill upon its
passage now, but let it go over for a day or
two. There are some very important features
contained in this bill, and I think it should at
least be amended in those respects. Whether
intended or not, it is nevertheless true that this
bill confers a power which I think is very objec-
tionable. It is all objectionable, in my opin-
ion, because I am opposed to the entire princi-
ple and theory of this bill.
_ But the fourth section is exceedingly objec-
tionable. In that section there is a provision
that authorizes this Government to furnish sup-
plies to these colored people in the South. It
is true it only purports upon its face to confer
the power to furnish medical aid; yet the power
is there given not only to feed but to clothe the
colored people who have been slaves. That of
itself is objectionable. It is class legislation;
it is doing for that class of persons what you
do not propose to do for the widows and orphans
throughout the length and breadth of this whole
country. In my judgment the entire theory of
this bill is mischievous and it ought not to pass.
It by no means ought to pass with a provision
of the kind to which I have referred.
, This system encourages idleness ; and that
is one of the great objections to the entire
theory on which this bill is based. The evi-
dence of this fact is brought before the Amer-
ican people in the report of Generals Steed-
man and Fullerton, showing that the system
which you have already inaugurated- is objec-
tionable in every form in which you can view
it.' I am personally acquainted with General
Steedman; and I know him to be a high-
minded, honorable, and intelligent man. What-
ever those two men have presented to the
American people as facts exislingin the south-
ern States may be received as entitled to the
fullest respect.
If, sir, that report be true, then it becomes
the duty of this Congress to strike down that
system at once, leaving these colored people,
free as they are, to make a living in the same
way that the poor whites of our country are
doing. Give them 110 encouragement beyond
the encouragement to industry which the re-
sources of the country offer to every man who
will htbor. Why, sir, when we look at these
galleries, and see them crowded dav after day
with stout, hearty, able-bodied colored men,
who, to all appearance, draw their rations from
the Government, and who seat themselves here
in our galleries during the entire day," it is but
an evidence that the system itself is mischiev-
ous, and ought not to be encouraged by the
Congress of the United States. Let those
people be thrown upon their own resources,
and wherever labor is in demand you will find
them going there seeking employment, and
they will obtain it.
Gentlemen may appeal to the passions and
prejudices- of the people, and urge that this
system should be continued as a punishment
to be inflicted upon the southern people. But
let me say to gentlemen that the period has
gone by when the American people, taxed as
they are almost to death for the purpose of
supporting this Government, are going to con-
tribute longer to the maintenance of this class
of persons for the sole purpose of inflicting a
punishment upon the southern people, who
wrongfully undertook to destroy this Govern-
ment. Sir, we do not propose to destroy our-
selves- in order to crush the southern people.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and the bill goes over until to-mor-
row. The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Eliot] has five minutes of his hour remaining.
* ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled a bill
(S. No.318) entitled "An act to authorize the
appointment of an additional Assistant Secre-
tary of the.Navy;" when the Speaker signed
the same.
MESSAGE PROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Fouxey,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had passed, without amendment, House bill
No. 453, for the relief of Cornelius B. Gold,
late acting assistant paymaster United States
Navy.
The message further informed the House
that the Senate had passed, with amendments,
House bill No. 281, to amend the postal laws,
in which amendments the concurrence of the
House was requested.
The message further informed the House
that the Senate had passed bills of the follow-
ing titles, in which the concurrence of the
House was requested:
An act (S. No. 284) for the relief of the
children of Otway H. Berryman, deceased ;
and
An act (S. No. 830) making further provis-
ion for the establishment of an armory and an
arsenal of construction, deposit, and repair on
Rock Island, in the State of Illinois.
TAX BILL.
Mr. MOIIRILL. I move that the rules be
suspended, and thattheHouse resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended ; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Dawes in the chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of the special order, being a bill of the
House (No. 513) to amend an act entitled
"An act to provide internal revenue to sup-
port the Government, to pay interest on the
public debt, and for other purposes," approved
June 30, 1864, and acts amendatory thereof.
The Clerk read as follows:
That section one hundred and fourteen be amended
by inserting after the word "periodically" in the
first sentenee of said section tlie words, "or other-
wise, or publishing any guide, almanac, catalogue,
directory, or any other paper or book."
Mr. JEXCKES. T believe that no vote
was taken last night on the amendments of-
fered to the paragraph preceding this. When
the gentleman from Vermont offered them, I
understood that no vote was to be taken upon
them then.
Mr. MORRILL. As I understand it, the
amendments which I offered last evening were
adopted; but it was understood that the para-
graph should be open to amendment thismorn-
ing.
Mr. JENCICES. I did not understand that
the last amendment offered by the gentleman
was voted on last evening.
Mr. MORRILL. I thought it was. I pre-
sumed that no one objected to it.
The CHAIRMAN. According to the rec-
ollection of the Chair, the amendment was
adopted; and the Globe sustains the Chair in
his recollection. But if the Chair hears no
objection the amendment will be considered
as again before the committee for action.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
Amend by inserting at the close of the first proviso
the following:
But the returns required to be made by such prov-
ider) t institutions and saving banks after July, lo66,
shall bo made on the first Monday in January and
the first Monday in July-in each year, in such form
and manner as may bo prescribed by the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue.
Mr. MORRILL. >Mr. Chairman, I will say
this amendment is to allow these institutions
to make their returns and pay their taxes semi-
annually instead of monthly, because it is
almost impossible for them to keep accounts
with so large a number of depositors and make
returns monthly.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. That subject is not
now before the House, as the amendment was
agreed to last evening,
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair put the ques-
tion to the committee, and there was no objec-
tion to taking up the amendment again.
Mr. THAYER. I understand the gentle-
man from Vermont said there would be no
vote on the amendment last evening.
Mr. MORRILL. I referred to the para-
graph, and stated that that would be open to
further amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Globe corroborates
the Chair. The amendment is before the House
by unanimous consent.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I rise to a point of
order. The Chair asked whether there was
objection and my colleague [Mr. Deming]
demanded that the amendment should be re-
ported before he yielded hi's consent. After
the amendment was read he rose and objected.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair did not hear
the objection, and the amendment is before the
committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BLAINE. I move_the following amend-
ment :
Insert after the word "thereof" in line twenty-
four hundred and forty, as follows:
And provided further. That in lieu of all other
taxes imposed on national banks there shall hereaf-
ter be levied, collected, and paid a tax of ono half
per cent, per annum on the average amount of their
deposits.
Mr. Chairman, I wish to make a statement
of one or two minutes on the question of tax-
ation as it will hereafter affect the national
banking system. By the decision of the Su-
preme Court of the United States the stock of
national banks has become subject to local and
municipal taxation. I know a great many
gentlemen indulge the hope that that decision
will be reversed or that Congress will declare the
stock based on United States bonds exempted
from all locjil taxation. .1 do not believe any
gentleman here will live long enough to see
either result attained. We must therefore
make up our minds henceforth that the prop-
erty of national banks is to be taxed by local
authority as other property is taxed. I con-
sider that is inevitably settled and permanent.
It is no longer a theory; it has become a stub-
born fact.
The question is whether we shall tax these
national banks in an extraordinary manner by
the national Government. We tax them two
dollars per thousand upon their capital. Wo
tax them five per cent, semi-annually on their
net earnings. We tax them one per cent, on
their circulation and one half per cent, on
their average deposits—making thus an aver-
age aggregate taxation by the national Gov-
ernment. of more than two per cent, on the
capital of national banks.
1 am informed this morning by the Comp-
troller of the Currency one half of one per
cent, on the gross deposits on the present av-
erage in the banks will yield 82,000,000, while
all the expenses of the Currency Bureau will
not be over 8200,000 a year. The tax which
I propose will therefore yield ten times as
much as all the expenses involved in conduct-
ing the Currency Bureau, and 1 include cost
of engraving and renewing notes, clerk hire,
and^Ul incidental charges.
