THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
February 8,
Mr. JENCKES. Yes, sir.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read for
the amendment, on which the fire minutes' de-
bate will be in order.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill
Mr. HALE. ' Bo I understand it is neces-
sary to move an amendment in order to be
entitled to speak on the bill?
The SPEAKER. Yes, sir.
- The Clerk read the second section, as follows:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, that the several
circuit courts of the United States within and for the
districts where the proceedings in bankruptcy shall
be pending, shall have a general superintendence and
jurisdiction of all cases and questions arising under
this act: and, except when special provision is other-
wise made, may, upon bill, petition, Or other proper
process, of any party aggrieved, hear and determine
the case as a court of equity. The powers and juris-
diction hereby granted may be exercised either hy said
court, or by any justice thereof, in term time or Men-
tion. Saicl circuit courts shall also have concurrent
jurisdiction with the district courts of the same dis-
trict of al 1 suits at law or in equitv which may or shall
be brought by the assignee in bankruptcy against any
person claiming an adverse interest, or by such per-
son against such assignee, touching any property or
rights of property of said bankrupt transferable to or
vested in such assignee: butnosuitat law orin equity
shall, in any case, be maintainable by or against such
assignee, or by or against any person claiming an
adverse interest, touching the property and rights of
property aforesaid, in any court whatsoever, unless
the same shall be brought within two years from the
tiffio the cause of action accrued, for or against such
assignee: Provided, That nothing herein contained
shall revivo a right of action barred at the tim« such
assignee is appointed.
Mr. HALE. I move to strike that section
out.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understand the bill
is now being read for information.
The SPEAKER. No; for amendment. The
general debate will be in order when the bill
ha? been gone through with for amendment,
under the suggestion of the gentleman from
New York, which was unanimously agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I make this motion for the
purpose of inquiring of the chairman of the
select committee what object is gained by giv-
ing concurrent jurisdiction to the Federal cir-
cuit, and district courts. I fail to see any de-
sirable object that is attained over what would
be attained if the jurisdiction were confined to
the district courts. H is well known thai in
practice ordinarily now the circuit courts are
held by the district judges. It is very seldom
that a justice of the Supreme Court is associated
with a district judge. And it seems to me that
there are objections to retaining the provisions
of this section, by which any case of bank-
ruptcy may, upon application of any party in-
teiested, be forced into the circuit court instead
of the district court. In the northern district
of New York, for instance, where T reside, there
is u large territory. The circuit court is lim-
ited in its terms to, I iliink, only two, and at
two points, practically, in the district. So that
the party of the creditors may, by application
of the adverse party bringing the ease into
the circuit court instead of the district court,
be driven to a distance of four or five hundred
miles to preserve (heir rights under this bill.
I simply desired to call the attention of the
chairman of the committee to this fact.
_Mr. JENCK.ES. If the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Ham:] would compare the lan-
guage of this section carefully with that of the
first section, he would see that there are many
cases which could be very much speeded in the
hearing and decision, by giving concurrent ju- j
risdiction to the circuit courts. The first see- !
tion provides that all original proceedings in ,
bankruptcy—that is. all relating to bankruptcy
itself, the discharge of the bankrupt, and ques-
tions growing out of his personal relations to
his creditors—shall be first heard and deter-
mined there. But in regard to questions aris-
ing in the settlement of his estate, it may be
to the advantage of all parties to have proceed-
ings instituted in the circuit court and carried
through as rapidly as possible. Thus, for in-
stance, a great many cases arise in the settle-
ment of a bankrupt's estate which can only be
prosecuted in the equity side of the court.
This gives to the assignee power to institute
proceedings in the circuit court, or gives the'
claimant the right to institute a suit against
him, and thus place his case under the rule
of practice of the circuit court of the United
States, as established by the code laid down
by the Supreme Court, and puts forward the
case to an early decision, giving either of the
parties an opportunity to carry it up by appeal
to the Supreme Court of the United States.
These sections are framed so that one is the
complement of the other, and with a view, not
of hindering proceedings or embarrassing any-
body, but getting speedy action before the high-
est, tribunal.
There are numerous terms of the district
court, and two terms of the circuit court in
all the districts. There are at least four terms
of the district to two of the circuit court. It
may be very desirable to have a suit brought
in the circuit court, as one of the judges of the
Supreme Court may sit there for the purpose of
speeding the ultimate decision of the cause in
the Supreme Court. It brought into the district
court it has to be taken by appeal to the circuit
court, or by writ of error if it is a suit at law.
I hope the gentleman from New York will be
satisfied that it is to aid in the administration
of law, and not with a view to delay that this
provision is made.
Mr. HALE. I wish simply to see if I mis-
understood the provision of the bill, when I
understood that by this section concurrent juris-
diction is given to the circuit court in all pro-
ceedings throughout.
Mr. JENCKES. Not in all. In that the
gentleman is mistaken. If he will look at the
first section he will find that the district court
has jurisdiction upon all matters relating to the
personal relations of the bankrupt with his cred-
itors, and the circuit court has concurrent juris-
diction in all cases that relate to the property
of the bankrupt.
The SPEAKER. The time for debate has
expired. The question is on striking out the
section.
Mr. CONKLINGr. I move, as an amend-
ment to the amendment of my colleague, [Mr.
Ham;,] with a view of perfecting the section
which he proposes to strike out, to strike out
from the commencement of the section down
to the word ''assign," in the seventeenth line,
as follows:
That the several circuit courtsof theUnited States
within and for the districts where the pioccodings in
bankruptcy shall bo pending, shall have a, general
superintendence and jurisdiction of all oases and ques-
tions rinsing under thisact; and, except when special
piocision is othenviscmadc, may, upon bill, petition,
or oilier proper process, of any party aggrieved, hear
and determine the case as a court of equity. The
powers and jurisdiction hereby gianted may be exer-
cised either by said court, or by any justice thereof,
in lermtime orvacation. Said circuit courtsshall also
ha\ c concurrent .nuisdiction with the district com ts
of the same district of all suits at law or in equity
whkh may or shall be brought by theassignee in bank-
ruptcy against any person claiming an adverse inter-
est, or bv such person againstsuch assignee, touching
any properly or rights of property of said bankrupt
transferable to or vested in such assignee.
As I understand this section, despite the ex-
planation of the gentleman from Rhode Island,
[Mr. .) i<:xckek.] it docs give, to a very large ex-
tent, original and concurrent jurisdiction with
the district court., and I call his attention to the
language of the section commencing at the end
of lino ten:
Said circuit courts shall also have concurrent juris-
diction with the district courts of the same district
of all suits at law or in equity which may or shall be
brought by the assignee in bankruptcy against any
person claiming an adverse interest, or by any such
person againstsuch assignee, touching any property
or rights of property ot said bankrupt transferable to
or vested in such assignee.
It seems to ine that this whole section is use-
less in its practical working in any district with
which I am familiar.
I will mention as an illustration the district
in which I live; and I avail myself of this op-
portunity to say that I do not believe this bill
can be put into operation at all in the State of
New York, as regards the largest district of that
State, unless some judicial machinery is to be
created that is not provided for in the bill.
The circuit court and the district court are
practically the same thing in that district, be-
cause the justice of the Supreme Court does
not sit; it is the district judge all round.
I do not forget that the gentleman provides
for what under the English system are called
registrars, and what are here called registers,
to do clerical, chamber business. I remember
that when I say that, this bill, in my judgment,
cannot, be executed in the northern district of
New York, whether with or without this sec-
tion, because in either event the litigation to
which it gives rise is to go up before the district
judge, and business has so accumulated in that
district within the last two or three years that
no man can execute the provisions of this bill.
In addition to that, I concur with my col-
league [Mr. Hale] in the objection he makes
to this section, because the only effect, waiv-
ing the question whether it can be executed or
not, is to carry parties from Albany to Buffalo
and from Buffalo to Albany, to the end that they
may say, in name and in form, now we are in
the circuit court although we are before the
same actual tribunal.
So, Mr. Speaker, I object to this section,
first, as being unnecessary, inasmuch as it du-
plicates the jurisdiction conferred; and 1 object
to it further upon a ground which goes more or
less to all the other sections of this bill, namely,
that without some additional machinery the bill
itself cannot be executed either in the district
court alone or in the district and circuit courts
both.
Mr. SLOAN. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from New York,
and in doing so, I entirely dissent from the
statement made by him, that the district court
of the. United States and the circuit court of
the United States are the same thing. I do
not undertake to say what may be the condi-
tion of those two courts in the State of New
York, or in the district to which the gentleman
refers, but I undertake to say that in the State
of Wisconsin, and in other States, those courts
are distinct and different, courts.
Mr. CONIvLING-. The gentleman has en-
tirely misapprehended what I said.
Mr. SLOAN. I did not misapprehend the
gentleman. In theory, of course, be under-
stands that they are distinct; but I understand
him to say that in practice the district judge
holds the circuit court.
Mr. CONKLINU. I mean to say precisely
this, that so far has business accumulated in
the Supreme Court of the United States, that
the circuit judges, in other words, the justices
of the Supreme Court, do not, and, from the
nature of the case cannot, to any extent sit in
the circuit court.
Mr. SLOAN. I so understand the gentle-
man ; but while these courts are theoretically
distinct, they are also practically distinct and
different tribunals in the State of Wisconsin,
and [ believe in other States. A justice of the
Supreme Court holds the circuit court; and one
of the main merits of this bill, in my judgment,
is that this section leaves a choice to parties
whether they will have their rights determined
by the district or the circuit court. There is
danger that if exclusive jurisdiction were given
to one court a district judge of any peculiarity
of mind might endeavor to carry out the law
upon strange principles.
Mr. J EN CKES. If the gentleman will allow
me to interrupt him, 1 will remind him that
under the old law the district judge of Missouri
held that the act was unconstitutional, and he
would not open his court.
Mr. SLOAN. Certainly. And the giving the
right to persons to choose the tribunal, and in
important cases to appeal to the circuit court3
of theUnited States, where the justices of the
Supreme Court sit to determine upon their
rights, is, in my judgment, one of the great mer-
its of this bill. 1 should be very reluctant to
see suitors, whose interests were involved in
these proceedings, confined exclusively to the
district courts. I admit that as a general thing
their operations might perhaps not be preju-
dicial to the interests of litigants. But there
certainly ought not to be any objection to giving
litigants the right to go into the higher tribunals,
