1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1821
session. I Jo not hesitate to say tliat, at no,
period in its history has its public Journal,
devoted to the production of the debates in
Congress, been as much occupied with these
debates as in this present session. Tho Con-
gressional Globe of this session embraces mat-
ter to an extent probably of three or four hun-
dred pages more than the corresponding period
of the session of the Thirty-Eighth Congress.
The previous Congress was held in a period
of war, when the life of the nation was at stake,
when great public interests were under discus-
sion, when new measures of public policy for
the maintenance of the integrity of the Repub-
lic were to be presented and argued ; and yet
during that quadrennial period, in which dis-
cussions in Congress are generally recognized
as proper and right, during that period in which
a presidential election was to be held, and in
which the war was in progress, the records of
the Congressional Globe show a less quantity
of debate, by some four hundred and eighty-six
pages during the first four months of the session
than the present session. And yet, I say,
scarcely a public act, or one in which the gen-
eral public are interested, has been passed dur-
ing all this period. *
This, sir, to me is quite an anomaly. Nor
does it seem to me that during the four months
that have passed the country has had much
enlightenment from the speeches of their Rep-
resentatives in Congress. I know we have
had numerous essays read, read from manu-
script and read from printed sheets. Those
essays might do very well in the Atlantic
Monthly, or some other periodical of analogous
chaiacter. But what have they contributed to
* any beneficial purpose in this country? I do
not want to be disrespectful to this House or
to this Congress, but 1 may be permitted to
say that, with the exception of four or five of
these numerous, almost innumerable speeches,
there has not been a solitary new idea presented
to this House or to this country. Three or 1'our,
or possibly a dozen, have presented certain facts
and arguments and illustrations which were
new, striking, or startling, but, the mass has
been a mere repetition of what has been said
by others. The verbiage has been changed,
the ideas are the same, gathered from those
who preceded, and brought into the form of
speeches.
I hope I shall not be considered as disrespect-
ful when I say that, having listened to a few
of these speeches and to parts .of others of
them, 1 have felt that I could attend to other
things, to reading or writing, while they were
in progress of delivery, without any particular
disrespect to the speakers, inasmuch as I had
heard them all before. It was to me a thrice-
told tale, which had lost its power to attract
my attention, and I think had lost its power to
attract the attention of the country.
Many of these speeches might have been
declared to bo law, for they had their first and
second reading, their engrossment, and their
third reading. All they wanted was the usual
enacting clause. Indeed, most of them that
were delivered in the early part of the session,
have been carried into the law.
In reference to these speeches generally, I
will remark that they had three main points,
possibly more, but I can only call to mind now
three general points to which they all tended.
The first is thegreat,. absorbing, Americanized
idea of this day, the idea that seems to possess
everybody, that seems to absorb everything
else—the American citizen of African descent.
That has been the great substratum of the
whole.
This question, Mr. Speaker, in regard to the
descendants of Alrica in this countiy has been
its distui bing element almost from the origin
of the existence of this country. The cupidity
of the people of old England, aided very mate-
rially by the cupidity of the people of New Eng-
land. brought for gain this disturbing element
into this fair land of promise and of hope.
They brought it here against the wishes and
against the remonstrances of the people who
then inhabited tho land, and who desired not
a participation in this disturbing element. But
it, was forced upon an unwilling people, and
being forced upon them, it has ever since been
a means of their disturbance, a means of their
derangement, and has brought upon us the
destruction of our Republic, and has deprived
us of a portion of that country and of those
States which we have heretofore had among us.
I am not, sir, either the advocate or the
apologist of slavery. I am not, now, and I have
not been. But when the last Congress passed
a constitutional amendment by which slavery
was abolished in this country, and when the
States of the Republic acquiesced in its abo-
lition, I supposed that this distressing element
was to bo removed from among us, and that
henceforth we would be one people, seeking
one prosperity, and advancing as a unit to
greatness and to glory. Slavery for over thirty
years was the agitating element, and when
slavery ccased to be, the agitation apparently
but just commenced.
Now, sir, I would not apologize for a mo-
ment for the great wrong that was done to Af-
rica by stealing from her soil her children to
enslave tliem elsewhere. Enslaved at home,
they always have been enslaved abroad. They
have been ever since men were first stolen from
Africa to be enslaved in other lands. Yet, Mr.
Speaker, there seems to be in all this matter
some providential interference. Divine Provi-
dence has permitted this wrong, and it is not to
be forgotten that tho African race in this coun-
try are more elevated, are more civilized, are
more advanced in manhood, and have attained
to greater elevation than in any other country
on earth, their own home, not excluded. They
have been brought here anil brought into contact
with the civilization of the white race on this
continent, and such civilization has imparled to
them an elevation and benefits which they have
derived nowhere else. And although slave)y was
doubtless a great wrong, a very great wrong, to
those who were the possessors of slaves, it can-
not be said with truth to have been detrimental
to those who have been brought to this country,
and under its power have been made to expe-
rience the benefits they have.
It is not the fact,, Mr. Speaker, that the Afri-
can race in the. South has been overwhelmed
with ruin and destruction by reason of slavery.
The owners of those slaves had for many years
been using every effort in their power to ele-
vate them, to advance them socially, civilly,
and religiously, and in every respect except,
probably, pecuniarily. They have held them
as slaves and have derived advantage from
their labor, and yet, sir, many, very many, of
the slaves in the South were in their social
relations greatly advanced from what they had
ever been before. Nor is it true that the mas-
ters have in all cases been the terrible mon-
sters that they have been represented to be.
I have traveled extensively through the
southern States; I have had opportunities of
examining the social relations there, and in
many instances I have fouud those held in
servitude enjoying immunities which those of
the same race in freedom in the northern States
had never attained unto. I have, gone through
the southern States and [ have seen the man-
ner in which many of these people held in serv-
itude have been treated bytheir masters, and I
will now state what my own eyes beheld and
which could not probably be beheld outside
of the region about which I am speaking.
Twelve or sixteen years ago, I had occasion
about this period of the year to journey into
the center of the South. My lime was not,
necessarily hurried and I had opportunity of
leisurely examining all that was going on. I
visited a very pleasant and interesting town in
the center of the South. I had occasion to
spend several days there. One of its hospi-
table sons found myself and the friend who
was journeying with me domiciled in a hotel
in the town". He had a beautiful home elosc
by and he invited us to take up our residence
with him during our stay. As a matter of
course we accepted his kind invitation. The
nobility of his hospitality could not be exceeded
anywhere. In his house we found a pleasant
and delightful home, and day after day, in
converse with a refined family, I had an oppor-
tunity of examining the operations of his plan-
tation and the condition of those who were
tinder him as servants.
Sabbath after Sabbath passed. We attended
church in the village and had an opportunity
of returning again to the home of our friend.
One beautiful Sabbath morning, when the
balmy southern air pervaded everything, when
the flowers were already looking forth from
their winter quarters, when the grass was green
and beautiful, and the woods were already
beginning to leaf, we proposed to go to town
to attend church. The gentleman suggested
that we take a walk through the woods, for by
doing so we would shorten our walk. The
way around by the road was two or three, or
probably four miles, whereas by the path
through the foresl we could reach the town
very readily by walking only about a mile.
Wc all started together, pleased with the
prospect of such a walk through such a coun-
try and in such a balmy atmosphere. After
having whilcd away our time examining the
flowers and forests, wo finally came to the road
which from the house meandered around in its
way to the village. .Inst as we got into the
road, immediately behind us came a carriage
loaded with colored gentlemen and ladies.
The master stopped, as we were in the path,
fo get out of'the way of the carriage that was
coming down the hill. Looking up at the
driver, ho saw it was his own carriage, filled
with his own servants. I to said: "Hoy,Tom;
where now?" "Oh, massa," said he, "I
knew the gentlemen was going walk you over
the fields to church ; and 1 thought as there
was no further use for the carriage to-day, I
would take my ladies and we would ride to
church."
Mr. PRICE. 1 would like to aslc tlie gen-
tleman a question right here.
Mr. HOC AN. Very well.
Mr. PRICE. I would like to ask tlie gen-
tleman whether it has been the rule in the
South for tho last fifty years for the master to
walk and for the servants to ride.
Mr. HOG AN. Not having been there for
fifty years I cannot tell. I know it is not the
rule among the people of the North where I
have lived. But 1 have stated what I saw.
.Mr. PRICE. Has it been the rule there?
mr. 110(Si\N. There may be no rule on
the subject.; I presume there is not. But I
would ask the gentleman, if he in Iowa ever _
walked to church and let his white servants
ride in his carriage.
Mr. PRICE. Wo do not have "servants"
in the North. They are all on a level there ;
we all ride and walk together.
Mr. IIOGAN. 1 know we do not have
"servants;1" I am perfectly well aware of that
thing. But. this 1 say; and in order that the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Piticu] may.under-
stand tho relative position of things, I will
give him a case in contrast, drawn from the
other side.
T was in a northern city, and was at thehouse
of a gentleman there. In the course of the con-
versation he said that a colored man had come
to his house, and so delighted were he and his
wife with the color, that they had placed him
at their table and he and his wife had waited
upon him. I said, "Did you ever treat your
white help in that way? Did you andyour wife
ever seat your white servant at your table while
j-ou waited on him?" "Oh,no;" saidhe, "they
are hired people; they can wait."
Mr. PRICE. I will now ask the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Ho&ax] whether that is the
rule iu the North.
Mr. IIOGAN. Nb, sir; I do not think it is.
Mr. PRICE. I suppose the gentleman from
Missouri is dealing in exceptions to-day.
Mr. HOGAN. That may be, but 1 arn only
citing these exceptions in order to show this
House and the country that- all the stories which
we have heard of the terrible, calamities inflicted
upon those people of color in the South are as
