1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOll.
mt
and the preferable tribunals in some States, for
the purposes of justice. And I trust that no
amendment will be favored by this House which
at all impairs or interferes with the right of the
circuit court to exercise concurrent jurisdiction
and supervision over this matter. If the bill
•went further in that direction it would meet my
approbation still more.
Mr. CONKLING. I withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment. And I will now move
to amend the section by striking out all down
to the end of the fourteenth line. I do so for
the purpose of saying a word in reply to the
gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Sloax.]
I understand that there is a local reason in
the State of "Wisconsin why the circuit judge
does sit, and the district judge does not; or if
the district judge does sit why causes are not
brought before him with as much alacrity as
they are before the circuit judge. That is a
local reason.
Now, look for one moment at the operation
of this bill elsewhere, so as to test the validity
of the general assertion and argument of the
gentleman from Wisconsin. Take the State of
New York as an illustration, where there is
nothing local that I am aware of, one way or
the other, bearing upon this question, except
the geographical extent of the district. Sup-
'pose that there some man, either the bankrupt
himself or the creditor wishing to collude with
the bankrupt, or having some motive of fraud
in some way, proposes that proceedings shall
take place in the circuit court; ai;d the parties
interested live in the county of Erie, or the
county of Chautauqua, or the county of Niag-
ara, or anywhere in the westers part of the
State. The proposition practically is that wit-
nesses, counsel, parties, creditors, a crowd of
people, are to be driven three hundred and
twenty-five miles to find a term of the court.
Or if it takes place at another season of the
year, and if it is applicable to the only other
term, the parties may live in the northeastern
part of the State, while the term is to sit in the
county of Ontario, or the county of Onondaga.
Thus the parties are to be carried a distance of
four hundred and fifty miles to get into an
appellate jurisdiction, to get before a different
tribunal; to get not their rights—not to make
one hair white or one hair black, not at all
but to get, in truth, before the same identical
judge, with no other right but to have the same
form of proceeding and the same result.
Mr. SLOAN. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Coxki.ixg] if the
circuit courts in New York are not held in the
game places as the district courts ?
Mr. CONKLING. No, sir. On the con-
trary, so seldom are circuit courts held, so much
have they become a shadow, so far as relates
to the idea of their being held by the judges of i
tie Supreme Court, that a bill is now pending
in the Senate to abolish them altogether, to
sweep them away, because it is impossible for
the judges of the circuit court to hold them.
In the district where I live, I believe there are
but three terms appointed of the circuit court.
One of them is absolutely a shadow, and the
other two are held by the district judge. So
that in truth it is nothing but the same court in
another name, with this tact added, that the cir-
cuit court is held but twice a year, and then at
positions far from each other. _ The district ;
court, however, is dotted about In so many lo-
calitics, and is so frequent in occurrence, as to
lessen very greatly the evils of which I speak.
Mr. JENCKES. The reasons stated by the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Coxklixg]
for striking out the portion of the section
which he has indicated are preci sely the reasons !
•which influence the committee in inserting it.
The district of New York is undoubtedly the !
most difficult to manage of all the districts in |
the United States. _ The remedy for the difti- j
culty is not in making provisions for that dis.-
trict alone, and causing inconvenience to all
the rest of the districts in the United States,
but in dividing that district. The reason which
the gentleman dwells most upon is this: they
have now in that district but four terms of the
district court in which to try cases arising under
this act or any other. By giving the circuit
court jurisdiction in these cases they have six
terms; and if the same judge holds both courts,
there will be six chances for the trial of a case,
where, under the plan suggested by the gentle-
man, there would be but four. Nor will any
peculiar inconvenience be experienced in this
class of cases by reason of the extent of the
territory. The same difficulty exists now in all
revenue and all admiralty cases, and in every
case of which that court has exclusive juris-
diction under the Constitution and laws of the
United States.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. JENCKES. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the gentleman be
good enough to explain how the northern dis-
trict of New York differs in this respect fro m
the whole of Kentucky, for example, a district
by itself, or half of Ohio, a district by itself, or
various other districts equal or nearly so in ter-
ritorial extent?
Mr. JENCKES. I think the gentleman is
mistaken about Kentucky; and certainly in
Ohio there are three districts.
Several Members. Two.
Mr. CONKLING. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. McKee] says that there is only one
district in Kentucky.
Mr. J-E^CKES. Well, perhaps Kentucky
may come in the same category as the northern
district of New l'ork ; but the remedy for that
is to divide the district. As I understand, a
bill has been presented, or is to be presented,
for the purpose of correcting that evil in the
northern district of New York.
The gentleman makes one other suggestion ;
and as I suppose I shall have to meet it several
times, I will just hint at it now. It is that other
machinery than that provided in the bill is re-
quired. I think, however, thatif the gentleman
will examine the matter closely he will find that
sufficient machinery has been provided. All
the formal business in these proceedings^ will
be done by officers called registers. Every issue
in law which parties may raise in any case will
be made up and stated by the register and cer-
tified to the court; and if a question is not of
sufficient importance to justify parties in going
three hundred miles to try it, they would be
very foolish to have it stated and certified. If
parties choose to have a case tried in which the
question is frivolous, the burden is thrown upon
them, not upon the courts or the officers of the
courts.
The SPEAKER. Debate is exhausted upon
this amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. I withdraw it.
The question recurring on the motion of Mr.
Hale, to amend by striking out the second sec-
tion, it was not agreed to.
Mr. ROGERS. I move to amend the third
section by striking out in the nineteenth, twen-
tieth, twenty-first, and twenty-second lines the
following words: *
And he shall, in open court, take and subscribe
the oath prescribed in the act entitled "An acttopre-
sci ibe an oath of office, and for other purposes, ap-
proved J uly 2,1862.
Mr. JENCKES. I would ask the gentleman
from New Jersey whether, if those words be
stricken out. the officers who may be appointed
under this bill would not beobligedto take the
oath required by the provisions of that act of
1862?
Mr. ROGERS. I do not see how that could
be.
Mr. JENCKES. That act applies to all civil
officers.
Mr. ROGERS. Very well, then; if that
oath is now required to be taken under an act
already in force, then it is unnecessary to insert
here any provision for the taking ot that oath.
But that is not the ground on which I pro-
pose to strike at this portion of the bill. My
reason for making this motion is that I regard
the requirement of this test oath as odious,
unjust, and despotic. I objectto the provision
of the bill, because it is intended t® prevent
any person in the South who has been in any .
way engaged in the rebellion from occupying
a position under this bill. It will exclude all
persons in the S«uth who have given any aid or
comfort to the rebellion, or who have been ia
any manner engaged in it, or who have held any
position tinder the .confederate government,
no matter how unwillingly such persons may
have participated in the rebellion. It may prove
difficult or impossible-to find in the southern
States persons who are able to take this test
oath. Some Departments of the Government
have already found it necessary to dispense
with that oath in "order to carry on the ma-
chinery of the Government in the south'ern
States.
I oppose this upon another ground: that a
test oath of this kind is unconstitutional, that
there is no authority in the Constitution of
the United States to the Congress to inflict
upon the consciences of any men any oath in
regard to the support of the Federal Govern-
ment except the oath laid down in the Consti-
tution of the United States itself. It is an oath
to support that Constitution; and any obliga-
tion attempted to be inflicted upon people by
virtue of an act of Congress, different from that .
contemplated in the Constitution, is not bind-
ing upon the conscience, is in violation of law,
is an infringement on liberty, an effort ot des-
potism to strike down a people because they
have disagreed with us on great political ques-
tion®, and have seen fit to take up arms in de-
fense of the position they occupied.
I am opposed to this, sir, for the reason that
I want to restore harmony and good feeling to
every section of the country. I do not want to
see any more laws passed, after peace has been
proclaimed and war has been declared to have
ceased, making a discrimination against, any
person, whether that person was engaged in
the rebellion or not. I hold that under the
general amnesty and the manner in which they
have been treated by the President of the
United States, that immaculate man who lias
attempted to defend the integrity of the whole
country and to restore it to its former grand-
eur, it is an infringement on the part of' Con-
gress to prevent persons, merely and siroply
because they have been engaged in rebellion,
from holding office under this bankrupt law.
Mr. JENCKES. I do not rise for the pur-
pose of opposing the motion to strike out.
Mr. ROGERS. I modifymy amendment as
follows: I move to strike out the words "the
oath proscribed by the act entitled 1 An act to
prescribe an oath' of office, andfor other pur-
poses, approved July 2, 1802, ' and in lieu
thereof to insert:
An onththathowill supportthe Constitution of ths
United States, and will faithfully perform the duties
of snifl office according to law.
It seems to me, unless the gentleman wants
to make a distinction between individuals sit-
uated in different parts of the country, in viola-
tion of the Constitution, he will be satisfied with
the amendment I have offered.
The amendment was rejected.
The Clerk read the fourth section.
Mr. CONKLING. I move to strike out the
first line, for the purpose of calling the atten-
tion of gentlemen who are interested in this bill
I to a feature which begins here. If the gentle-
! man from Rhode Island is right m the sugges-
I tion that he made when lie was up before, that
| they are to divide the districts and make requi-
! site arrangements to bring into being men
enough to carry this act into operation, it is
j well that the House should begin to under-
1 stand this bill in this one section, implies, if it
is to be carried -out, an unlimited number of
officers. .
Mr. JENCKES. They are to bo limited by
the fees. , . , ,,
Mr. CONKLING. It provides that it^ shall
be the duty of the circuit judges of the United
States to appoint in such districts one or more
registers in bankruptcy. It is only limited by
the option and the discretion of the judge. It
may be one and it maybe one hundred.
Mr. JENCKES. It is limited also by tlia
