1822
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
the '1 baseless fabrics of a vision;'' merely "the
figments of the imagination" ofthosewho never
saw the institution and never bad anything to
do with it. All this wrong, all this evil, all
this error, have been the exception. The gen-
eral rule has been the proper, judicious, con-
servative, I would say Christian, treatment of
most of those who by surrounding' circum-
stances have become the possession, or the
property if you choosfe, of the late masters of
the South. *
But, sir, it has been alleged that the people
were brutalized; that they were plunged in in-
tellectual and moral darkness; that no thought
or care was given to their welfare. Sir, that
is all a mistake. The southern people have in
the main labored earnestly and ardently in
order to advance the condition of those held
in servitude. So far from these statements
being true, I affirm that by the labors of the
devoted men of the South in caring for the
social and moral welfare of the Africans there,
the Christian religion has exercised a salutary
influence upon those held in servitude, and
more of them have been brought into the en-
joyment of Christianity than were converted
to the Christian religion by all the Protestant
missionaries in all the world beside from the
days of Christ till the present time.
I speak not now of what has been done by
the Catholics with reference to the social and
religious training of the Africans in the South.
I speak of what has been done by Protestant
ministers who have labored there ; and I state
it as a fact that up to 1859—I do not speak of
any later period, for I have no information as
to what has been going on there since that
time—there were brought into church fellow-
ship and under the influence of Christian teach-
ing four hundred and twenty-live thousand and
more of these Africans whose ancestors were
pagans.
Mr. PRICE. I presume that, as the gentle-
man has not his speech written, it does not
interrupt the thread of his discourse for me to
ask him a question occasionally.
Mr. HOuAN. Oh, no, sir; I have nothing
written.
Mr. PRICE. Then I wish to ask the gen-
tleman whether we are to understand from his
speech that in his opinion the system of sla-
very, as it has been practiced in the United
States during the last half or three quarters of
a century, has been conducive to the spread of
the Christian religion, and whether he believes
that the slaves of the South have been more
effectually Christianized because they have been
slaves than have been the laboring classes of
the North, who have been free from servitude
of that kind. If that be so, I wish to inquire
further, how it happens that throughout the
balmy and genial South, which the gentleman
has so poetically described this morning, schools
and churches have so Seldom been found in the
places where slaves were most numerous, while
among the hill-tops and valleys of the North,
where the beneficent influences of slavery were
not exerted, school-houses and churches were
found at short intervals. How come these
things, if the gentleman's preaching be true?
If his views are correct, have we not inflicted
on the colored people of the South a curse in
abolishing slavery, and thus deprived them of
Christianity, under which they lived and flour-
ished and were so happy in the years of the
past?
Mr. HOG AN. Now, Mr. Speaker, the gen-
tleman rose to ask me a question. I did not
know that he was going to make a speech.
Mr. PRICE. I asked several questions ; and
I would like to have them all answered.
Mr. HOGAN. I know that the gentleman
asked a great many questions ; and I know
also that when a gentleman on that side of the
House makes a speech, we on this side seldom
get a chance to ask any questions. We, how-
ever, are a little more liberal.
_ Now, Mr. Speaker, the gentleman's ques-
tions are so^ numerous, that without having
them in writing I can scarcely remember them
all; but so far as I can recollect them I will
answer them. I want to answer them. I have
no printed speech. I have no written speech.
I have not even the notes of a speech, except
a memorandum of a few points which I wish
to come to by and by. This is a mere episode,
which serves to turn the attention of the House
to matters which I think about, and which I
think the House ought to think about.
In the first place, let me say in answer to the
gentleman, that I believe slavery to be wrong.
Secondly, I am glad that it has been extirpated
from our country. I had hojfed, as I before
remarked, that when it had been abolished,
all the agitation concerning it, with all the dis-
turbing animosities arising from that agitation,
would cease.
Now, as to the next point. The gentleman
asks me whether throughout the balmy South,
churches and school-houses exist as they do in
the North. Sir, the census shows that they
exist there in about the same proportion to
population as they do in the North. And I
will state to the gentleman a fact which per-
haps he may not have noticed, that many of
those who were the owners of large numbers
of slaves have generally not only built upon
their plantations churches for their servants,
but have themselves employed ministers to
teach them the principles of Christianity. That
has been the case generally throughout the entire
South. Some, it is true, have not done so ;
but such eases have been the exceptions and
such masters have received the opprobrium of
the community in which they lived.
Mr. PLANTS. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman a question.
Mr. HOGAN. I will hear the gentleman.
Mr. PLANTS. I desire to ask the gentle-
man whether in those churches, as he informs
us, the southern masters have built for their
servants, those masters would permit their ser-
vants to read a single verse of the Bible or the
hymn-book.
Mr. HOGAN. Let me say, in reply to that,
that the first Sunday-school I ever undertook
to teach was a Sunday-school in a slave State,
in which slaves were taught.
Mr. PLANTS. Were they taught to read,
or even permitted to read ?
Mr. HOGAN. They were taught to spell
and taught to read.
Mr. PLANTS. Let me ask the gentleman
one other question.
Mr. HOGAN. One thing at a time.
Mr. PLANTS. Did not the gentleman
know, when he was teaching those slaves to
read, that he was making himself liable to
prosecution under the State laws?
Mr. HOGAN. No, sir; I did not.
Mr. PLANTS. Does not the gentleman
know it now?
Mr. HOGAN. I knew the reverse : for the
masters were with me as colaborers in the work.
I know that such representations have been
made 
Mr. MORRIS. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. HOGAN. Oh, yes; I will yield to
anybody.
Mr. PLANTS. The gentleman has not yet
answered my question. I would like him to
answer whether in those churches the slaves
were permitted to read the Bible and the hymn-
book. I have not yet heard the gentleman's
answer to that question. I should like to have
it answered.
Mr. HOGAN. I thought I had answered
that. So far as I know, they were.
Mr. MORRIS. Will the gentleman now
yield to me for a moment?
Mr. HOGAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORRIS. I believe, Mr. Speaker, that
I have never interrupted any gentleman ; and
I desire now simply to ask a question for infor-
mation. After that " peculiar institution" of
the South has destroyed the Democratic party,
and almost ruined the country, I desire the
gentleman to explain why ho is yet wedded to
that obsolete institution, which has worked ruin
wherever its influence has pervaded.
Mr. HOGAN. Now, Mr. Speaker, the gen-
 tleman's question has suggested two points
which I wish to notice in the proper place, and
if I do not do so, I trust some gentleman will
remind me of them.
The gentleman suggests in the first place that
theDemocraticpartyhasbeendestroyed. Why,
sir, this idea of the destruction of the Demo-
cratic party is the Banqno's ghost which con-
tinually haunts the vision of gentlemen on the
other side. The Democratic party dead! No,
sir; no. Gentlemen on the other side doubt-
less wish that it were dead; but they know that
it cannot die while liberty lives.
Mr. MORRIS. Will the gentleman allow
me again ?
Mr. HOGAN. Now, do not stick in these
cross-questions when I am trying to answer one
you have already asked. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORRIS. I am good-natured.
Mr. ITNCK. I object to any further inter-
ruption of the gentleman from Missouri.
Mr. HOGAN. I want to answer the gentle-
man's questions one at a time. How am I to
answer the gentleman when he continues to put
to me multitudinous questions? How can I
answer one when you throw me off by another?
I would then be like the gentleman and his
party, at cross-purposes all the time, running
zig-zag. [Laughter.]
The Democratic party is not dead. There
are nearly two millions in the loyal States of the
North, and although they have only twenty or
thirty members to represent them, yet they are
within a small majority of the American people.
It is the terrible thunder of that party that gen-
tlemen are now fearing, which is to roll up like
clouds in a summer sky when storms are brew-
ing. They are terribly alarmed at all this
when they are talking about the death of tho
Democratic party.
As to the second inquiry, if the gentleman
had listened to me before he made it he would
have seen not only I am not for slavery, but
that I have never been for it. So much for that.
But, sir, this is only a portion of the argu-
ment I am making to show that the gentlemen
on the other side of the House, by consuming
so much of the time of Congress declaiming
about negro slavery, are doing a great wrong
to the American people. I say in reference to
all of these matters, and it cannot be contra-
dicted, that during the existence of slavery in
the South more of this race of people whose
ancestry were pagans have been brought through
the instrumentalities of Christian teachings to
the consolations and enjoyments of God than
were brought to them by the labors of all the mis-
sionaries which have ever been sent out by the
Christian nations in order to convcrt pagans to
Christianity.
Mr. MORRIS. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt him now?
Mr. HOGAN. Oh, yes.
Mr. MORRIS. I am happy to hear the gen-
tleman allude to Christianity and to the Gospel.
Now, sir, like Paul, I was born 
Mr. HOGAN. Is the gentleman going to
make a speech or to ask a question ?
Mr. MORRIS. I wish to make a statement,
and then to ask a question.
Mr. HOGAN. I must decline to yield for
a speech.
Mr. MORRIS. I hope the gentleman will
allow me to make a brief statement.
Mr. HOGAN. You may make that after I
am done.
Mr. MORRIS. It will not take a minute.
Mr. RADFORD. I object to further inter-
ruption.
Mr. MORRIS. I will ask the question, then.
I was born and bred in the Democratic party,
and 
Mr. ELD RIDGE. I rise to a question of
order.
Mr. MORRIS. I sustained Andrew Jack-
son, Thomas IT. Benton, and Silas Wright.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri declines to yield.
Mr. MORRIS. Was the gentleman bred in
the same school?
Mr. ELD RIDGE. Is it in order for the
