3742
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11,
of the Senate to House bill No. 213, making
appropriations for the legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th of June. 1867, rec-
ommending concurrence in some and non-con-
currence in others.
It was agreed, by unanimous consent, that
the report of the committee should be adopted
without question, except where a separate vote
was demanded.
The first amendment upon which a separate
vote was demanded was in the. clause relating
to the Library of Congress, to strike out' 'three''
and insert "five" and strike out "$10,800"
and insert-" $12,600;" so that the clause will
read:
For compensation of librarian, five assistant libra-
rians, messenger, and laborers, $12,600.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What is
■the reason for that increase?
Mr. KASSON. It is made necessary because
of the extension of the Library.
Mr. STEVENS. The committee of the Sen-
ate investigated the matter and reported that
the increase was necessary.
Mr. HULBURD. Another reason is that
the Smithsonian library has been' transferred
to the Library of Congress, which involves the
necessity of increased assistance. It has been
unanimously agreed to by the Joint Committee
on the Library.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. BINGHAM. I mova-to insert the fol-
lowing :
For compensation of th e baili £f of the Court of Claims,
$1,500 in full for his services for the current year, at
which sum his salary is hereby fixed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is not that
a private bill? If it is, it is not in order to a
general appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. This is a public office, and
it has been held that ail amendment to change
the .salary of a public office is in order to a gen-
eral appropriation bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will say that this has
been done at the suggestion of more than one
of the judges of that court. The salary at pres-
ent of §1,000 is insufficient to supply his fam-
ily. He is engaged a greater part of the year,
and is a faithful officer. He has no perquis-
ites.
Mr. KASSON. Will the gentleman from
Ohio state whether this has been recommended
by the judges of the court or by any com-
mittee?
Mr. BINGHAM. I can only say this: that
it was suggested to me by some of the judges
of the court, and I mentioned it to the chair-
man of the committee, who told me to offer the
amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
House will not pass any such proposition as
this, to go back and increase the salary of a
messenger upon a bill that has made the prog-
ress which this has; and I think it is out of
order to move such an amendment at this time.
It is not reported by any committee.
Mr. BINGHAM. It is not uncommon to
make an amendment of this sortT and I trust
the House will consider that the bailiff of this
court has official duties to perform which are
essential to the discharge of the functions of
the court itself, and that the salary is insuffi-
cient, as must be known to every member of
the House. Talk of a thousand dollars a year
to sustain a bailiff and his family!
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. How many
days does this court sit during the year?
Mr. BINGHAM. I cannot answer that fully,
but I know the fact that it has sat generally
hitherto four or five months in one session con-
tinuously, and then held adjourned sessions.
It now has adjourned to meet, I believe, dur-
ing the current month, after having held a ses-
sion of three or four months.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It prob-
ably is in session about six months, and that
is longer than it should be. I think it is going
on so far with its jurisdiction that it will be the
imperative duty of Congress to repeal the act.
The bailiff of the Supreme Court only gets
three dollars a day, and now it is proposed to
give this man $1,500 a year.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, this is a
grand exhibition of economy; The gentleman
thinks this court ought to go without a bailiff
and be suspended altogether. I undertake to
say that the official records of that court estab-
lish the fact indisputably that it has saved to
the Treasury of the United States within the
last twelve months $10,000,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, pf Illinois. I take issue
with the gentleman on that, and I will go to the
jury.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman can take
issue with me as quick as he pleases. I under-
take to say that the claims rejected by the court
within the last year amount to $10,000,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
like to ask how many millions of dollars that
court has allowed.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will say this: it was my
good fortune to serve some three months in that
court at the request of the President of the Uni-
ted States, owing to a difficulty that arose be-
tween himself and a solicitor of the United
States, and my recollection about it now is,
that the court during that term passed upon
claims in the aggregate to the amount of about
ten million dollars, and the whole amount of
its decrees against the Treasury was not more
than $60,000 in gold. I trust the gentleman
is answered. There was not a million, nor a
half million, nor a quarter of a million dollars
decreed during the term against the Treasury.
I know that there was one decree rendered of
$80,000 which was adjudicated in the previous
year.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Was that
the grant case?
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir.
Mr. KASSON. Will the gentleman from
Ohio allow this to come to a vote pretty soon
instead of discussing the general character of'
this proposition? There are many amend-
ments to be acted upon.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am willing to have a
vote upon it. I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question being taken on the amendment
offered by Mr. Bingham to the Senate's amend-
ment, there were—ayes 34, noes 34; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered, and the Speaker ap-
pointed Messrs. Washburne, of Illinois, and
Bingham.
* The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 51, noes 50.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was takenand it was decided
in the negative—yeas 54, nays 65, not voting
63 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, DelosR. Ashley, James
M. Ashley, Baxter, Bidwcll, Bingham, Boycr, Header
W. Clarke, Dawson, Donnelly, Driggs, Eeklcy, Gar-
field, Griswold, Harris, Hart, Hayes, Higby, Hooper,
Chester D. Hubbard, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Julian,Kel-
ley, Kelso, Kerr, Kuykendall, Le Blond, Long-
year, Marston, McCullough.McRucr, Miller, Morris,
Myers, Ni black, Nicholson, O'Neill, Orth, Paine,
I^atterson, Plants, Raymond, Alexander H. Rice,
Rogers, Rousseau, Spalding, Strousc, Thayer, John
L. Thomas, Thornton, RobertT. Vanllorn, Whaley,
and Woodbridge—54.
NAYS —Messrs. Alley, Allison, Baker, Baldwin,
Barker, Benjamin, Bergen, Boutwell, Bromwell,
Broomall, Cobb, Coffroth, Cook, Defrees, Eggleston,
Eldridge, Eliot, Farquhar, Ferry, :Finck, Glossbren-
ner. Hale, Aaron Harding, Abner C. Harding, Hen-
derson, Holmes, Asahel \V. Hubbard, John II. Hub-
bard, J ames R. Hubbell, Hulburd, Kasson, Ketcham,
Latham, George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence,
Marshall,Marvin, McClurg, McKee, Mercur, Newell,
Perham, Pike, Price, John H. Rice, Bitter, Rollins,
Ross, Sawyer, Scofleld, Shellabargcr, Sitgreaves,
Taylor, Trowbridge, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn,
Ward, Eiihu B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn,
William B. Washburn, Wentworth, Williams, James
F. Wilson, Windom, and Wright—Go.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Ames, Ancona, Banks,
Beaman, Blaine, Blow, Brandegee, Buekland, Bundy,
Chanler, Sidney Clarke, Conklmg, Cullom, Culver,
Darling, Davis, Dawes, Delano, Doming, Denison,
Dixon, Dodge, Dumont, Farnsworth, Goodyear, Gri-
der, Grinnell, Hill, -Hogan, Hotehkiss, Demas Hub-
bard, Edwin N. Hubbell, Humphrey, Johnson, Jones,
Laflin, Loan, Lynch, Mclndoe, Moorhead, Morrill,
Moulton, Noell, Phelps, Pomeroy, Radford, Samuel
J. Randall, William II. Randall, Schenck, Shanklin,
Sloan,Smith, Starr, Stevens.Stilwell, Tabor, Francis
Thomas, Trimble Upson, Warner, Welker, Stephen
F. Wilson, and Winfield—63.
So the amendment to the amendment was
not agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio,,said: If I had been
present last evening, I should have voted against
the tariff bill.
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded, the amendment of the Stri-
ate was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I am reminded by the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] that the
half hour has expired.
message from tiie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
their Secretary, informed the House that the
Senate had passed a bill (H. R. No. 611) to
provide for making the town of Whitehall, New
York, a port of delivery.
Also that the Senate had passed a bill
(H. R. No. 50) to amend the fifth section of
an act entitled " An act donating public lands
to the several States and Territories which may
provide colleges for the benefit of agriculture
and the mechanic arts," approved July 2, 1862,
so as to extend the time within which the pro
visions of said act shall be accepted and such
colleges established, with amen dments, in which
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House.
The message further informed the House that
the Senate had disagreed to the tenth amend-
ment of the House to the bill of the Senate
(No. 343) to quiet land titles in California,
and had agreed to the other amendments of
the House to said bill.
■ Mr. PAINE resumed the floor.
land grant to kansas.
Mr. LOAN. I rise to a privileged question.
I desire to make a report from a committee
of conference.
Mr. PAINE. Is that in order when I have
the floor?
The SPEAKER. It is a report of a com-
mittee of conference, which can be received
even during a call of the House, and on page
72 of Barclay's Digest it is held that, "like
the motion to go to the Speaker'stable, it may
interrupt a member who is on the floor speak-
ing."
The report of the committee of conference
was read, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (S. No. 145) en-
titled "An act for a grant of land to the State of
Kansas to aid in the construction of the Northern
Kansas railroad and telegraph," having met, after
full and free conference have agreed to recommend,
and do recommend, to their respective Houses as
follows:
That the Senate agree to the amendment of tho
House, with an amendment, as follows: strikeout all
after the word "that," in the first line, section one,
of said bill, and insert in lieu thereof the following:
" There is hereby granted to the State of Kansas
for the use and benefit of the St. Joseph and Denver
City Railroad Company, the same being a corpora-
tion organized under the laws of the State of Kansas,
to construct and operate a railroad from Elwood, in
Kansas, westwardly, via Mary ville, in the same State,
so as to effect a junction with the Union Pacific rail-
road, or any branch thereof not further west than
the one hundredth meridian of west longitude, every
alternate section of land in Kansas, designated by
odd numbers, for ten sectious in width on each side
of said road, to the point of intersection. But in case
it shall appear that the United States have, when
the line or route of said road is definitely fixed, sold
any section or any i>art thereof, granted as aforesaid,
or that the right of preemption or homestead settle-
ment has attached to the same, or that the same has
been reserved by the United States for any purpose
whatever, then it shall be the duty of the Secrotary
of the Interior to cause to be selected for the pur-
§oses aforesaid, from the public lands of the United
tates nearest to tiers of sections above specified, so
much land, in alternate sections or parts of sections
designated by odd numbers, as shall be equal to such
lands as the United States have sold, reserved, or
otherwise appropriated, or to which the rights of
preemption or homestead settlements have attached
as aforesaid: which lands, thus indicated by oddnum-
bers, and selected by direction of the Secretary of the
Interior as aforesaid, shall be held by the State of
Kansas for the use and purpose aforesaid: Provided,
That the land to be so selected shall in no case be
