758
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
fund from which these registers are to receive
compensation.
Mr. GONKLING. It does notmeet the point
raised, that it gives the judge the power to ap-
point as many officers as he chooses, and for
any purpose whatever. When appointed they
can do nothing but what any clerk can do. ,
They are to perform an office which is purely
clerical. They are to do chamber business, ex
parte business, which the clerk or deputy clerk
can do now. My objection is, that here is a
corps of officers to be brought into existence
useless for the purposes prescribed, to whom
jurisdiction should be given, if they are to be
created at all, to hear and determine litigated
questions. The amendment, therefore, it seems
to me, belongs either to this section or to the
next. If these registers are to be appointed,
then the next section should be so amended as
to make them useful for some practical purpose,
whereas now they perform a mere clerical duty
which otherwise could be discharged by clerks
or deputy clerks of the court.
_Mr. JENCKES. The gentleman is under a
misapprehension about the duties-of these offi-
cers, and I wish to meet the objection here be-
cause we shall have to consider it hereafter.
He says the duties may be performed by the
clerks of the court. But the clerks are local.
Take the northern district of New York. They
are located at Utica and Buffalo; they cannot
leave their offices. But suppose there are a
dozen causes prepared in Ogdensburg, in Platts-
burg, and elsewhere, then the judge of the
northern district of New York, upon applica-
tion of the parties or the counsel in those cases,
can send a register to either of those towns to
meet the parties—the applicant for bankruptcy
or the creditors or the assignee, whoever is con-
testing—and whatever they agree upon he can
enter as the order of the court and carry it back
to the clerk's offico. It is to save this very
trouble and difficulty that this class of officers
is provided for. They are movable, not fixed.
rlhey travel about to suit the convenience of
the parties having business in the courts, and
do not oblige parties or counsel to travel two or
three hundred miles for the sake of making a
formal motion, where entry might be made by
the clerk without the presence of the judge.
Thus all the difficulties suggested by the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Coxklixg] in his
previous and last remarks may be overcome by
these officers if they do their duty; and it is the
interest of the courts to provide the best officers
they can for that purpose, because it' they do
not, the business which the registers do not do
will come back upon them, and they will have to
hear and decide upon these matters of formality.
Mr. Til AYE Li. I wish the gentleman would
state while he is up whether these officers are
not in point of law and of fact, judges ; whether
their functions are not judicial; whether they
do not decree bankruptcy and have cognizance
ofquestions of Jaw ; and whether a mere clerk
of the court is ordinarily competent to discharge
such duties.
Mr. JENCKES. Certainly; it requires that
the persons shall be counselors of the court
and learned in the law. This is taken from the
English law. There are these officers in bank-
ruptcy there : but they are fixed, and it is the
strongest objection to the law of 1801, that par-
ties were obliged to seek these registers' offices.
And one of the amendments L alluded to in my
opening remarks, that was proposed in the
English House of Commons, was to make these
offices movable.
Mr. DELANO. _ I have not had time or op-
portunity to examine the provisions of this bill.
1 should like to ask whether it is retroactive in
its effects.
Mr. JENCKES. Certainly; it takes the
business of the country as it finds ij.
Mi-. DELANO. Then I suggest whether the
gentleman had^not better be strict in what he
proposes by his amendment. We shall cer-
tainly require all the agents to go on with this
business that the bill provides for if we give it
the latitude and breadth that is proposed by the
chairman of the committee.
Mr. JENCKES. I do not see how it can be
limited without  
The SPEAKER. The time has expired on
the amendment of the gentleman from New
York.
Mr. CONKLING. I withdraw it.
Mr. LE BLOND. I move to strike out in
lines twenty and twenty-one these words:
An act to prescribe the oath of office, and for other
purposes, approved July 2,1862.
That will simply leave persons to take the
oath that is prescribed by law, and if there is
any change afterward in the character of the
oath necessary to be taken, it does not then
become necessary to follow up this law or repeal
it. I think that that will answer the purpose.
I believe the chairman of the committee [Mr.
Jexckks] fully understands that without this
provision they would be required to take what
is known as the test oath. And if that oath is
subsequently changed, whatever the oath then
may be, that is the one they would have to take.
It is therefore unnecessary to incorporate this
in this bill.
Mr. ROGERS. I do not understand that the
test-oath law is applicable to officers of this
kind, if there was no provision for it in this bill,
and I understand the chairman of the commit-
tee to say that he is willing to have this pro-
vision stricken out. I hope the House will not
refuse to do so, as long as he is willing to have
it done. I do not suppose the House wants to
prevent anybody from acting in the position of
registrar, or whatever the office is, in the south-
ern States. Yet there are places, I suppose,
where there is nobody living who coula take
the oath unless some person who has gone
there from the North.
Mr. PRICE. 1 only want to say to the gen-
tleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Rogers,] who
considers himself the special friend of the Presi-
dent, that the President has solemnly declared
that ho proposes as the rule of his future con-
duct that traitors shall be punished and treason
made odious. And that is a part of what is
accomplished by this bill.
Mr. ROGERS. The President has issued a
general amnesty that extends to all persons
who have not held civil offices under the con-
federate government, and to all persons in the
military service tinder the rank of colonel.
Now this bill goes further than that. Itprovides
that no man, even tihose who have not held
civil office under the confederate government,
and military officers under the rank of colonel,
shall hold this office without taking an oath
that they have not aided the rebellion. There-
fore, in the State of South Carolina, and some
of the other States, it is not probable that a
single person competent to perform the duties
required by this bill can be found to take that
oath ; because every person of any capacity in
those Slates has been engaged in this rebellion.
Theiel'oie J do not see how this bill is to have
the Federal features it ofight to have to extend
all over the United States with this require-
ment. ii^it. And if there is any loyal man in
the southern States, though he may have gone
from the North, he is as much entitled to the
benefitsjaf the provisions of this bill as any man
in the North can be. And to whom is he to
apply under this bill? He can apply to no-
body there, unless some one is picked up in
the North and sent down there to perform the
duties prescribed by this bill.
Mr. LYNCH. I rise to a point of order.
My point is that this discussion is not relevant
to any proposition before the House, but re-
lates to a proposition that has been before the
House and been voted down.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The question is upon the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Le
Blond] to strike out a part of the pending
section.
Mr. ROGERS. The chairman of the commit-
tee from which this bill comes, [Mr. Jexckes,]
I understand is willing that those lines shall be
stricken out. If that is done it will leave the
person who is to hold this position in the same
situation as any other officer would be. If he
comes within the requirements of the act re-
quiring the test oath to be taken by him, then
he will have to take it; otherwise he can dis-
charge the duties of this office without beiua-
obliged to take that tyrannical and unconstitu-
tional oath.
Now, I do not suppose the chairman of the
select committee proposes to exclude persons
from performing the duties required by the pro-
visions of this bill, if they do not come within
the provisions of the original act imposing that
oath. I do not suppose that in time of peace,
when the war is over and has been over for some
seven or eight months, he intends to compel
persons to take this test oath, which was only
required to be taken in time of war, under the
plea that it was necessary for the purpose of
suppressing the rebellion. 1 do not suppose
that we want to apply in time of peace this test
oath any further than we did in time of war.
And if a person who holds office under this bill
does not come within the terms of the oppres-
sive tsst-oath bill, why should you require him
to take it, to do more than was required, tvran-
ically and unconstitutionally, of any one in time
of war ?
Mr. POMEROY. I move to amend the fourth
section by striking out from the word "and"
in the sixteenth line down to and including the
word "court" .in the twenty-first line, as fol-
lows:
And he shall also keep a docket of all cases in
which he shall act., and make therein short memo-
randa of his action in all eases, which docket shall bo
kept in the office of the clerk of the district court, and
shall form a part of the minute-book of the proceed-
ings ofsaid court;
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
And he shafl also make short memoranda of his *
proceedings in each case in winch he shall act on a
docket, to be kept by him for that purpose, and lie
shall from time to time, as proceedings are taken, for-
ward to the clerk of district court a copy of said
memoranda, which shall he entered by the said elerk
in a proper minute-book kept m his office.
As the section is now framed it provides that
the register shall keep a docket in the office of
the district court. Now, in a large district it
is perfectly impossible that the register can
keep a docket and enter memoranda of his pro-
ceedings in it in the office of the district court.
The object of this amendment is to provide
that from time to time, as proceedings are taken
before the register, he shall forward to the clerk
of the district court, memoranda of those pro-
ceedings, and that the clerk shall enter them
in a minute-book to be kept by him ; which is
practicable, while the other is not. It arrives
at the same result that was arrived at by the
committee in this section. It seems to me that
as the section now stands it cannot be carried
out in large districts.
^Mr. JENCKES. Will the gentleman from
New York allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. POMEROY. Certainly.
Mr. JENCKES. Is the object of his amend-
ment to require the keeping of two dockets,
one in the clerk's office and one by the regis-
ter?
Mr. POMEROY. _ No; the register must
necessarily keep at his own office the record of
his own proceedings; but the offieial docket
must be kept in the clerk's office as a matter
of course. That is the source to which every
person goes for information iqion these sub-
jects. The offieial register is the register kept
by the clerk of the district court.
Mr. JENCKES. I think if the gentleman's
amendment went a little further it would not
be objectionable.
Mr. POMEROY. I will modify the amend-
ment so as to make it acceptable to the chairman
of the committee, provided that it will carry
out the object.
Mr. JENCKES. The reason for this par-
ticular provision is this: that if the register of
the court meets, at some place two or three
hundred miles from the clerk's office, a dozen
petitioners, and there is no objection to the
entering of formal decrees, his act at that time is
the act of the court, and that his minute-book
or docket shall be carried back to the court and
become a part of the records of the court; not
that he shall keep a private docket of his own,
