1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
U2S
gentleman to say he was born in the House of
Representatives? [Laughter.]
Mr. HOGAN. I was not born a Democrat
myself.
Mr. MORRIS. Did the gentleman sustain
Andrew Jackson, Thomas H. Benton, and Silas
Wright? I did. I do so now.
Mr. HOGAN. I do not think they are
before the House at this time. The question
before the House is the President's message;
yet I will say my first, vote was given for Andrew
Jackson.
Mr. MORRIS. Let mo- ask a direct ques-
tion. Were the Jews the true representatives
of Abraham, though they claimed to have him
for their father, or had they departed from the
faith?
Mr. HOGAN. Being myself a Gentile, I
cannot answer. [Laughter.]
Now, Mr. Speaker, when interrupted I was
going on to make a further statement, not that
slavery was right or wrong—with that 1 have
nothing to do—but that the existence of slavery
in this country was a great question of Provi-
dence. The black race were brought to this
country from Africa through the cupidity of
men. A great wrong was perpetrated by that
cupidity, but thegreatall-seeingGod has over-
ruled all this for their good and for the good
of the world. In my judgment they were per-
mitted to come to this country where they might
be taught Christian civilization, the rights of
man, and the immunities of freedom ; where
they might be instructed. Thus Providence
intends that they shall sweep back again into
the great dark continent where no light of civ-
ilization or Christianity has ever penetrated,
in order that the news of salvation through
them may be canied to the very ends of the
earth. In this I see the finger of divine Prov-
idence, as I have seen it in all the vicissitudes
through which this country has passed. I see
it all, and 1 recognize in it the exemplification
of one of those most beautiful, sublime, and
sententious declarations to be found in the Book
of God, emanating from the wise King of Israel,
the learned and beautiful Psalmist: "Thou
wilt make the wrath of man to praise thee."
The wrongs of man in reference to the African
race have been made the instrument in the
hands of God to revolutionize Africa and light
up its darkness with the glow of gospel truth,
and spread over that broad continent the bene-
fits of civilization.
Sir, if the blacks in this country had not been
left to the care of those who have been provi-
dentially made their masters and protectors
there is no telling what would have been the
result. For allow me to say that in all my
travels North I have never seen a place where
the philanthropy of the northern people has led
them to take much pains to benefit the Afri-
cans among them. But. I have found whenever
that race is scattered they have beeoms what
tlicy are by their unaided efforts, and have had
none to aid them, to teach them Christianity
or civilization.
Mr. MORRIS. Will the gentleman allow a
question ?
Mr. HOGAN. Only a question.
Mr. MORRIS. Does he know, or has he
over heard, of Mr. Johnson, of Canandaigua,
New York, or Frederick Douglass, of Roches-
ter, two eminent orators and scholars, made so
in that locality, the first now a missionary in
Africa?
Mr. HOGAN. "Very well; that shows what
I have been contending about—that in the
North there are exceptions to the general rule.
I say that this race of people providentially
thrown in among us are the most docile in the
world, and are well calculated to receive the
greatest possible good. I do not say that they
are all ignorant, orthatthcyareall pagans. Not
at all. I have not known personally Mr. Doug-
lass, nor the other man that the gentleman
referred to in Canandaigua; but I have been
acquainted with men of that race years and
years ago who were men of intellect, men of
learning, men of piety, men of glorious prom-
ise, men of eloquence, men of power. I have
known such men go to Africa upon the mission
that divine Providence pointed out for them,
and there they are instilling the truths of
Christianity, which they learned here, into the.
dark and benighted minds of those from whom
their ancestors were stolen.
Now, I say furthermore, in reference to this
general question of slavery—and I do not want
to make my speech all about that; indeed, but
for the interruptions I should probably have
been done with that subject some time ago—
what are you doing now with these freed peo-
ple? You have emancipated them by millions
after sacrificing lives innumerable.
Mr. MORRIS. One question.
Mr. HOGAN. I decline to yield to be inter-
rupted in the middle of a sentence. I am
making an extemporaneous speech, and now I
have almost forgotten what I was going to talk
about. I hope it is not the purpose of the gen-
tleman to drive my thoughts and ideas away,
so that when my remarks shall appear in the
columns of the Congressional Globe there will
be little there that I intended to say; for I want
this to go to the country.
And now, when we have, at an expense of
thousands of millions of dollars, and of hun-
dreds of thousands of lives—while we have at
a terrible sacrifice freed these people from the
shackles of slavery, what are we doing for
them? Sir, 1 know men of this raco who have
grown up among us who are excellent men, and
many of whom command the respect of every-
body with whom they associate. There are
colored men in my own district with whom I
would feel it no disgrace to be in the closest
affiliation ; men whom I have known for years,
and whose course I have watched intently;
men who have by honesty, industry, and thrift
acquired some competence ; men who enjoy the
respect of everybody with whom they are asso-
ciated. But, sir, these men, these elevated
men, do not want the legislation which you are
trying to crowd upon them. They were slaves
once, but are now free, and they have com-
manded by their character, by their industry,
by their thrift, by their sobriety, by their skill,
the respect of those with whom they are asso-
ciated. You want now to put men whom you
say have for years been crushed down into the
very lowest dregs of degradation, men that
you say have been made mere beasts of burden,
right alongside of these men of color who have
acquired property, and lortune, and intellect.
You want to make them equal. Why, sir,
they are as far above some of the race as can
be by possibility conceived of.
Let them come along as these men have
done. You now tax the American people to
support in indolence this large class. Why do
you not attempt to support the smaller class
also ?
I was down the month before last at Alex-
andria. It was on a Saturday, balmy and
light and beautiful. It was the first budding
of the early spring there. And what did 1
see? Why, I saw thousands and thousands
of these people gathered together lounging
around the streets, lying up against the sides
of the houses, doing nothing and having noth-
ing to do. And why? Because the General
Government of the United States is taxing the
broken-down, tax-ridden people of this coun-
try in order to have the means to feed these
paupers—paupers only by our laws and by
our action.
Mr. Speaker, my time is nearly up, but I
hope my friends will not deprive me of an
opportunity of continuing my remarks.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman lias four
minutes and a half loft.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I move that the
gentleman's time be extended fifteen minutes.
Mr. HOGAN. Oh, no ; I cannot finish in
fifteen minutes. I have lost twenty minutes by
interruptions.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Well, I will say
half an hour.
Mr. HOGAN. If I am let alone, I will agree
to finish in an hour. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chairis informed that
there are several gentleman who desire to speak
to-day.
Mr. MORRIS. I move that the gentleman's
time bo extended thirty minutes.
Mr. HOGAN. This is a lost day anyhow.
The motion of Mr. Morris was agreed to by
unanimous consent.
Mr. HOGAN. I am very much obliged to
the House for this consideration. I have not
troubled the House much, and I do not want to
trouble them much now. This is probably the
only speech I shall make on this subject unless
you provoke me pretty badly, and I am not very
easily provoked.
I was saying, sir, that you feed these people
at the public expense. What is the result?
Here is an honest colored man who has for
years toiled and labored to support himself and
his family and who works now. Here is another
colored man who has just been freed by your
action, and who also has a family to support.
By your laws you take this man, feed him,
clothe him, educate him, and doctor him. You
pay him. You leave the other man alone.
What is the legitimate consequence of it? The
man will say ''What is the use of my toiling?
Why cannot the Government take care of me
as well as the other man?" You will then
realize the old adage—you make it a truism as
well as an adage—"There is only a six-pence
difference between the man that works and the
man that plays, and the man that plays gets
it." You take away all incentive from all of
these people to labor and to accumulate. You ■
deprive them of all means; you hold out to
them no inducement to labor. And beside
this you virtually deprive the country of the
advantage of that large amount of labor, and
to its extent you prevent the early and satis-
factory recuperation of that large portion of
our country in which these people lived.
But I leave this point. I leave it to you
alone. You have the power to do it. You
can saddle upon the Amoricau people millions
and millions of taxes for the purpose. You
can say you will spend millions and millions
for the colored people, and you will pile up
more taxes upon the people of the country,
who are now taxed almost on everything, taxed
almost to death. You will saddle another fifty
or one hundred millions upon the Government
to feed people who ought to bo made to work
as well as white men.
I tell you. Mr. Speaker, as the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevexs] said in ref-
erence to another matter, you will hear the
rumbling of the earthquake ere long. The
people will not stand it.
I wish to turn the attention of the House
now, leaving this point, to another matter. I
wish to call attention to another question ; and
that is the disruption of the Union. Gentle-
men on the other side have told us over and over
again that eleven States are out of the Union;
that they are dead States ; that they were de-
stroyed ; that they liavo no existence as States.
Let me refer briefly to some of the gentlemen's
own doings in the past. Let me show their
own action on this matter. In 1801, -when this
Government was in danger; in the summer of
1861, when on the other side of the Potomac
was heard the thunder of the cannon of the
rebels; when the flag of the foe floated almost
in sight of this Capitol: when the people of the
country stood appalled at the terrible disaster
of Bull Run; when hope had almost sunk in
the hearts of our people; when our Army had
been defeated; and when, it seemed as though
the rebellion was to be triumphant, what was
the action of Congress? On the 22d of July,
1KG1, this House resolved—
" That this war is not waged on our part in any
spiiit of oppression, nor for any purpose of conquest
or subjugation, nor purpose of ovei throwing or inter-
fering with tlie rights or established institutions of
those States, butto defend and maintain the suprem-
acy of the Constitution and to preserve the Union
with all the dignity, equality, and rights of the sev-
eral States unimpaired."
That resolution was passed by this House on
the 22d of July, 1861. Who voted for it? I
find in looking over the list of yeas and nays
