1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
but that the contemporaneous act, that which
he does in the presence of the parties, shall be
the record of the court. I cannot see any hard-
ship in that.
Mr. POMEROY. The amendment that I
propose carries into effect the very result which
the chairman of the committee aims at.
It is perfectly impossible, as I said before,
that the register shall keep a docket in the office
of the clerk, and all that he can by any possi-
bility do is, wherever he may be, to keep a min-
ute of his proceedings for his own information.
The amendment I propose provides that im-
mediately upon any proceedings being taken
before him, he shall send to the clerk of the dis-
trict court a copy of those proceedings, which
shall be entered in a minnte-book to be kept by
the clerk, and which minute-book is the regular
docket of the proceedings. I do not see how
it can be arrived at in any other way.
Mr. JENCKES. I see no objection to the
gentleman's amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. I suggest to my colleague that
he insert the word "certified" before the word
"copy."
Mr. JENCKES. And I suggest to him to
insert the word'' forthwith'' before 1' forward.''
Mr. POMEROY. I accept both modifica-
tions.
Mr. Pomeroy's amendment, as modified, was
agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend the fourth
section by striking out the word "administra-
tive" in the thirteenth line, and the word "un-
contested '' in the fourteenth line ; and also by
striking out in lines twenty-four to thirty inclu-
sive the following words:
Or to hear a. disputed adjudication, or any ques-
tion of the allowance or suspension of an order of
discharge; but in all matters where an issue of fact
or of law is raised and contested by any party to the
proceedings beforo him, it shall be his duty to cause
the question or issue to be stated by the opposing
parties in writing, and ho shall adjourn the same into
court for decision by the judge.
My object, Mr. Speaker, in movingthis amend-
ment, is to enable the court to provide by proper
rules for the transaction of business by these
registers to a greater extent than it seems to me
the bill now permits. I have a strong convic-
tion that unless some provision of this kind be
made, the insufficiency of the judicial force in
the districts as now organized will render this
bill substantially a nullity in practice so far as
the larger districts are concerned. I believe
that these subordinate officers may properly be
clothed with powers much more ample than
those to which they are limited by this bill. I
believe that this may be done without raising
any constitutional question. In many contested
cases the constitutional objection which might
perhaps be urged, that this register is a judicial
officer appointed in a inanuer unwarranted by
the Constitution, could undoubtedly be waived
by the consent of the parties, as is done in the
State of New York in proceedings before vari-
ous officers. I desire that the provisions of this
bill may be enlarged, so that judicial power may
be conferred upon the register, at least when-
ever the parties desire to submit the question
to him rather than be subjected to the expense
of going to court.
Of course if this amendment be adopted, some
further provisions relative to the powers of
these registers may he necessary ; hut I believe
that an amendment of this kind will be found
absolutely essential to make this bill one that
can be practically carried out in the larger
districts
Mr. JENCKES. If the amendment of the
gentleman from New York should prevail and
this bill should become a law, it would have
the effect to create that class of officers called
commissioners, who have been found so objec-
tionable under every bankrupt law heretofore
passed. The very object of the language which
the gentleman moves to strike out was to pre-
vent the establishment of any such courts of
inferior jurisdiction. It was the intention that
these registers should be administrative officers
in every respect, except that they should be
authorized to state questions for judicial decis-
ion, the object being to maintain uniformity of
practice in the administration of the law.
If the gentleman will examine the bill a little
further, he will find in section ten a provision
by which commissioners, "to be appointed by
the Supreme Court, are authorized to establish
rules of practice and a uniform code of pro-
cedure throughout the United States. Hence
all that these registers will have to do will be
to go round and meet the parties and their
counsel, and make up the questions for the
decision of the court. If the gentleman recol-
lects the practice under the old law, he doubt-
less remembers that where questions of this
kind were left to commissioners in the different
counties—local tribunals like justices of the
peace—there were as many different rules of
practice, even in the same district, as the num-
ber of these inferior officers. It is highly es-
sential, it appears to me, that a measure like
this should come within the constitutional re-
quirement, and should'bc uniform throughout
all the districts in the United States, and all
the offices in the various districts.
Mr. HALE. I submit, Mr. Speaker, whether
the commissioners to be appointed by the Su-
preme Court could not as readily provide uni-
form regulations for the practice before these
registers as provide uniform regulations for the
several districts.
Mr. JENCKES. The effect of the gentle-
man's amendment would be that in many cases
there would be two hearings, one before the
commissioner, as the register would in fact be-
come, and another before the judge. That is
just what we want to avoid.
Mr. HALE. It may be that the honorable
gentleman desires to avoid precisely what I
wish to accomplish. I desire that there shall
be within the reach of every party interested in
these proceedings a tribunal before which he
may be heard without involving an expenditure
of time and money greater than the amount in
controversy would justify. This advantage he
cannot have under the bill as it stands.
Mr. JENCKES. Does not the gentleman
see that under his plan there must bo two hear-
ings in every disputed case ?
Mr. HALE. Not necessarily.
Mr. JENCKES. In nine cases out of ten
there would be two hearings. But if the parties
come before a competent register, a counselor
of the court, whose duty it is to make up a case
for the decision of the judge, and both parties
agree upon his statement, and he certifies the
issue, then there is but one hearing, and that
is before the judge. In this way, the practice
is uniform.
Mr. HALE. Does not the bill now provide
that uncontested matters shall come before the
register and be decided by him?
Mr. JENCKES. If the gentleman from New
York and myself were on different sides of a
case, and happenedtomeetthreehundredmiles
from the place where the court was held, I have
no doubt we could agree to a statement of law
that the register should make up, so that when
we come to court we shall have a definite issue
to work upon. It would be as much for our
interest as for the interest of the party.
The question recurred on Mr. Hale's amend-
ment, and it was disagreed to.
Mr. THAYER. 1 move to strike out
"$1,000" and insert " 5^,500 so that it will
read:
The salaries of said registers shall be fixed by
the judges of the circuit, court, and shall not exceed
in any case the sum of $2,500 per annum, in addition
to the necessary traveling and incidental expenses,
and shall be paid to the registers in each disiiict, in
the order of their appointment, out of the fees here-
inafter reauired to be paid in the course of proceed-
ings authorized by this act. No greater ainountshall
be paid fur such salaries than shall be received for
fees, and incase there sha.ll be a surplus ol lees after
paying the salaries, such surplus shall be invested
under the direction of the court to meet future defi-
ciencies.
The subject of the amendment is the com-
pensation of the registers. The compensation,
as the House will perceive, is derived entirely
from fees received in the several eases heard
before them. It seems to me unjust to pre-
scribe the same amount of compensation for
different amounts of lab'or. It may happen
that one register may do ten times the work* 6f
another register, and where the fees are actually
received in excess he ought certainly to receive
a larger compensation than where the register
has a few cases before him.
The House will see by reference to the fourth
section of the bill that the functions of these
officers are important. They are riot merely
clerical; they are judicial in their character.
He must be a lawyer, or he cannot discharge
the duties imposed on the office with any satis-
faction to the'interests of the parties who are
before him. Now to expect a lawyer, who is
competent to decide these questions and pur-
sue these investigations, should be willing to
serve for the small sum to which he is limited
is not to expcct what is reasonable. I do not
think that a class of men who are fit to dis-
charge these responsible duties can be had for
this sum. In the amendment T have proposed
that the compensation shall not exceed $2,500.
I suppose where a register of this kind is neces-
sary his services will be worth that.
Mr. JENCKES. It is certainly one of the
most difficult questions to fix the amount these
officers should be paid. The idea was to make
the bill self-sustaining, and that the officers
should be paid out of the fees paid into court
according to the labor, to be distributed fairly
among the officers. The whole of their pay
is under the direction of the judges. The clerk
knows from the docket how many cases are
entered in different places, and the judge can
direct so many registers to this place and so
many to another, so that a fair division maybe
made among them. And their traveling and
other incidental expenses are paid.
If the gentleman will reflect a moment, it
will occur to him that $2,500 is more than we
pay the district judges. The district judge of
Connecticut gets only $2,500, and he has to
pay his own expenses.
Mr. THAYER. I think that the duties of
these officers will be more laborious than those
of the district judges.
Mr. JENCKES. Perhaps they will. But,
sir. they will be attaches ofsthe court and will
have an opportunity to practice in a great many
cases besides those in bankruptcy. It will be
very easy, I think, to obtain the services of
competent persons in the different districts,
who, for the purpose of obtaining practice and
skill under this act, if it become a law, will be
willing to take the offices at a very low com-
pensation.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Thayer, it was not agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I move to amend in line
forty-two, after the word ''paid,'' by inserting
the words, "by the clerk of the district court."
That is evidently the intention of the bill, be-
cause the subsequent sections say that these
fees are to be paid by the court.
Mr. JENCKES. I have no objection to
accepting that amendment.
The amendment was accordingly made.
Mr. DAVIS. I move a verbal amendment
in the forty-first line, by inserting the word
"necessary" before the word "incidental."
Mr. JENCKES. No objection to that.
The" amendment was accordingly made.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I move to strike
out the word "register" where it occurs in sec-
tion five ; or I will qualify it by moving to strike
out the same word wherever it occurs in the bill.
I make this proposition that I may get some
little information on this subject, not having
had the benefit derived from the discussion of
the bill at the former session. If I understand
the provisions of the bill it is intended to give
jurisdiction to the United States court of all
matters relating to the estate of bankrupts,
whether these questions arise between citizens
of a particular State or between citizens of dif-
ferent States. In other words, I understand it
to add largely to the jurisdiction of the United
States court—to take from the State courts a
large amount of business which now belongs
exclusively to those courts. "
Now, sir, in tho State in which I hva wo
