1886.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2783
The Clerk read as follows:
That section onohundred and fourteen be amended
by inscrtms: aft or the word " periodically" in tho first
sentence oi the paid section the words 4,or otherwise,
or publishing any guide, almanac, catalogue, direct-
ory, or any other paper of book."
Mr. ANCONA moved to add the following:'
And that section one hundred and fourteen be fur-
ther amended in the last clause so as to exempt all
newspapers whose average circulation does not ex-
ceed three thousand copies from all taxes for adver-
tising.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 2G, noes 40 ; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN ordered tellers under
the rule; and appointed Messrs. Axcoxa and
Morrill.
The committee was again divided; and the
tellers reported—ayes 28, noes 70.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
income.
That section one hundred and sixteen be amended
by striking out all after the enacting clause and in-
serting in lieu thereof asfollows: that there shall be
levied, collected, and paid annually upon the gains,
profits, and income of every person residing in the
United States, a duty ot five per cent, on the cxcess
over $1,000, and a like duty shall be levied, collected,
and paid annually upon the gains, profits, and in-
come of every business, trade, or profession earned
on in the United States by persons residing without
tho United States, and a like duty shall bo levied,
collected, and paid annually upon the interest or
dividends accruing upon investments within theijuj^
ted Sf.ttes, or upon bonds or other securities of^he
United States, or of corporations, or citizens thereof.
And tho duty herein provided for shall be assessed,
collected, and paid upon the gains, profits, and in-
come for the year ending the 31 t day of December
next preceding the time for levying, collecting, and
paying said duty.
Mr. PIKE. I move to amend by striking
out all after the words " United States" inline
twenty-four hundred and sixty-six down to the
end of line twenty-four hundred and seventy-
five, and to insert in lieu thereof the following:
Or of any citizen of the United States residing
abroad whether derived from any kind of property,
rents, interest, dividends, or salaries, or from any
profession, trade, employment, or vocation carried
on in the United States or elsewhere, or from any
other source whatever, a duty of five per cent on the
amount so derived over §1,000 and not exceeding
$5,000, and a duty of ten per cent, on the amount
exceeding $5,000. And a like duty shall be levied,
collected, and paid annually upon the gains, profits,
and income of every business, trade, or profession
carried on in the United States by persons residing
without the United States and not citizens thereof.
This is a matter of considerable importance.
The chairman of the committee states that the
change proposed in this bill lessens the rev-
enue $17,000,000. The amendment proposes
an exemption of incomes up to §1,000; other-
wise it is a reenactment of the old law. The
question arises as to the propriety of assessing
an income tax of five per cent, on one amount,
and a tax of ten per cent, on a larger income.
Of course it is only upon the net income, and
a tax of ten per cent, upon net income is not
higher than many other rates imposed in this
bill. Now, if we give away by this provision
in the bill as it stands seventeen millions of
revenue, we must look elsewhere to supply the
deficiency. If we retain the seventeen millions
of tax we may relieve many small and weak
manufacturers of the country. Every laboring
mail in the country .pays a tax upon what he
eats, drinks, and wears. And until we come
to the point of relieving the great body of peo-
ple in the country from onerous taxes upon
every day's consumption it is a question whether
or not the men who are able to pay should not
pay this increased proportion of their income
to the General Government.
I have examined the English law from which
this income tax is derived, and I find that for
several years the system in that country was
ten per cent, on large incomes, seven and a
half on more moderate income, and five per
cent, on the smaller, not divided precisely as
we divide them, but by different kinds of prop-
erty. Tliey have always pursued the system of
apportioning taxes upo« property and income.
In one instance a specific tax was laid on those
who kept servants, commencing with one pound
on one servant and increasing until the men
who had eleven servants paid six pounds on
each, thus recognizing the principle that the
man of larger means should pay an increased
tax in proportion to his means. That is a prin-
ciple recognized by the bill of the Committee
of Ways and Means when they exempt men of
moderate income, up to SI,000, from taxation,
altogether. And it is carrying out the same
idea when you have apportioned this from five
to ten per cent. The principle is also recog-
nized in the taxation of gas companies, where
the tax ranges from five cents on a thousand
feet to ten, fifteen, and twenty-five per cent.,
in proportion to the amount produced. It is
a fair principle of taxation and one that sound
political economy should recognize, because
the aim always should be to lay taxes on that
portion of the community that can most easily
bear them.
I do not know that I am personally interested
in the matter, but the great mass of those who
are particularly interested I know would very
cheerfully pay this additional sum, for I have
not yet heard of any remonstrance from any
gentleman whose tax is more than five per cent,
according to the existing law. No one of this
class has ever sent a request to this Congress
to be relieved from taxation, and if we wait
until that patriotic class of men shall ask to be
relieved from. their burden, I apprehend we
will have to wait a great while. On the other
hand, we do have petitions from struggling
manufacturers coming to us from all quarters
of the land, asking for relief. Now, wo all
desire to relieve all the processes by which
wealth is created. We all desire to relieve,
as much as possible, the labor of the country
from taxation, because by doing to we produce
the best general result. It is for this reason
that I hope the House will follow the English
example, and for a few years to come retain
this tax of ten per cent.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ROSS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting after the words "one thou-
sand dollars" in line twenty-four hundred and
sixty-eight, the following:
And not exceeding $10,000; and a duty of ten per
cent, per annumon the cxeessover ten thousand and
not exceeding twenty thousand dollars; and a duty
of fifteen per cent, per annum on the excess over
$20,000, and not exceeding $40,000; and a duty of
twenty per cent, pel^nnum on the excess over $40,000
and not exceeding $60,000; and a duty of twenty-
five per cent, per annum on the excess over $60,000.
I concur in the views expressed so ably by
tho gentleman from Maine [Mr. Pike] upon
this subject. But his amendment does not go
far enough. The highest rate it proposes to
put upon income is ten per cent. Now, it was
very properly said by him that we must get
this tax out of men who have large incomes.
We cannot get it out of those who have none.
And there is no reason, in my judgment, when
a man's income reaches twenty, forty, or sixty
thousand dollars why he cannot afford to pay
fifteen, twenty, or twenty-five per cent, upon it-
It will be recollected that the country was
electrified a year or two ago by the announce-
ment that the capitalists of this country were
going to make an effort to pay off the entire
debt of the country. An effort was made in
that direction, and we were highly gratified at
the patriotism and liberality of some of the
distinguished capitalists of the country in com-
ing to the relief of the poor men from the bur-
den of debt heaped upon them. The only
reason they did not succeed was that a few
stingy, miserly millionaires refused to cooper-
ate with them. Now, the patriotic capitalists
of the country will be gratified at this effort on
the part of Congress to enable them to come
to tlie rescue of our country and make those
who are unwilling to contribute their propor-
tion come to the scratch and relieve tho Gov-
ernment from its indebtedness. I ask the
House to give this matter a fair consideration. .
Patriotic capitalists will not object. Those
who have incomes of two and three hundred
thousand dollars can afford to pay twenty or
twenty-five per cent, on their incomes for the
purpose of relieving the poor people of the
country from the enormous burden which is
weighing them down and crippling their ener-
gies. 1 trust, that this amendment will receive
the favorable consideration of this House and
that we will show that we are in earnest in
endeavoring to relieve the poor people and
placing the tax upon those who are able to
bear it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORRILL. I oppose the amendment
of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Ross.]
The only question which is really before the
committee is whether we had better forego this
tax or some other. I am as ready as the gentle-
man from Illinois to admit that the men who
receive two or three hundred thousand dollars
income can afford to pay an increased tax, but
that is not the question here. The question is,
can we afford to take it in this manner ? The
principle that we apply must be a just one, and
living in a republican form of government a3
we do, I cannot see on what principle the tax
proposed by the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Ross] or the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Pike] can be justified.
The example cited by my friend from Maine
of England, which levies a" tax of this kind, is
no argument for us. There they have differ-
ent classes. They have a titled class and dis-
tinctions of rank, and those classes ought to
be made to pay for their titles. In this coun-
try we neither create nor tolerate any distinc-
tion of rank, race, or color, and should not
tolerate anything else than entire equality in
our taxation. So, then, I think the proposi-
tion cannot be justified upon any sound princi-
ple of morals. It can only be defended on
the same ground that the highwayman do-
fends his acts. It is saying to the man of
wealth, "You have got the money and we will
take it because we can make a better use of it
than you will.'' And then it tends to create
a great amount of fraud and false swearing. A
man who is taxed only as high as his neighbor
upon the amount he possesses is willing to
pay his tax. Go beyond that and he believes
himself to have been wronged and he will re-
taliate. But do you come to a man who owns
five hundred sheei> and say to him that he shall
pay more than twice as much on his sheep as
the man who has but two hundred and fifty?
No. Do you go to the man who owns two
hundred acres of land and say that he shall
pay twice as much tax per acre as the man
who has only one hundred acres? No. I say,
then, that in a republican form of government
we cannot justify this inequality of taxation.
Mr. SPALDING. May I ask to what tax
the gentleman is now referring?
Mr. MORRILL. I am discussing the imp-
osition that when the amount of income ex-
ceeds $5,000, a tax of ten per cent., instead of
five, shall be imposed.
Mr. SPALDING. May I ask the gentleman
what the law is now?
Mr. MORRILL. The gentleman will have
an opportunity to argue the question. I do
not desire to discuss the matter in the form of
a colloquy. The question arises here to-day,
as I believe, whether this tax can be fairly
justified on principle. If other gentlemen
are persuaded, as 1 believe a majority of the
House are persuaded, that it is just, I am not.
But if gentlemen should reach the conclusion,
that it is justifiable upon principle, then the
question arises whether this tax is one we
ought to surrender or some other. I think,
Mr. Chairman, that if gentlemen will look at
the matter fairly, they will see that this is not
such a tax as can be justified here and now
with us, nor such as we can afford to incorpo-
rate permanently into our statutes.
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Chairman 
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order,
there being an amendment to an amendment
pending. The gentleman, however, can move
to amend the text of the bill.
Mr. SPALDING. I will do so. I move to
amend by inserting after the word " dollars,"
in line twenty-four hundred and sixty-eight,
the following:
And not more than $6,000; and on the excess over
