TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11.
, The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
The question was upon the passage of the
joint resolution.
Mr. PAINE. I call the previous question
em the passage.- - ■
• The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the joint resolution.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
.Mr. EINCK. Is a-motion in order to refer
this bill to the Colramrittee on Military Affairs?
The SPEAKER. That motion is not now
in order, as the House is acting under the op-
eration of the previous question.
Mr. FFNCK. I think that the bill ought to
receive the examination of some committee
before being passed.
The joint resolution was passed.
• Mr. PAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed' to.
national banking systedt.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I am
directed by the Committee on Banking and
Currency to report back the bill (H. R. No.
677) entitled "An act to amend an act entitled
'An act to provide a national currency secured
by a pledge of United States bonds, and to
provide for the circulation and redemption
thereof, and for other purposes,'" with an
amendment.in the nature of a substitute. I
move that the substitute be printed; and that
the bill be made a special order for Friday
next immediately after the morning.,hoar.
The motion was agreed to.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
now commenced, and the first business in
order is the presentation of reports from the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
GOVERNMENTAL USE OP TELEGRAPHS.
Mr. ALLEY, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, reported back
the bill (S. No. 357) entitled "An act to aid
in the construction of telegraph lines and to
secure to the_ Government the use of the same
for postal, military, and other purposes."
The bill, which was read at length, provides,
in the first section, that any telegraph company
now organized or which may hereafter be or-
ganized, under the laws of any State in the
Union, shall have the right to construct, main-
tain, and operate lines of telegraph through
and over any portion of the public domain of
the United States, oyer and along any of the
military or post roads of the United States
which have been or may hereafter be declared
such by act of Congress, and over, under, or
across the navigable streams or waters of the
United States. Such lines of telegraph are to
be so constructed and maintained as not to
obstruct the navigation of snch streams and
waters, or interfere with the ordinary travel
ou such military or post roads. And any of
said companies shall have the right to take and
use from such public lands the nccessary stone,
timber, and other materials for its posts, piers,
stations, and other needful uses in the con-
struction, maintenance, and operation of the
lines of telegraph, and may preempt and use
such portion of the unoccupied public lands
subject to preemption through which its lines
of telegraph may be located as may be neces-
sary for its statior.3, not exceeding forty acres
for each station, but such stations not to be
wit bin fifteen miles of each other.
The second section provides that telegraphic
communications between the several Depart-
ments of the Government of the United States
and' their officers and agents shall, in their
transmission over the lines of any of the com-
panies, have priority over all othsr business,
and shall be sent at rates to be annually fixed
by the Postmaster General.
The third section proposes to enact that the
rights and privileges granted shall not be trans-
ferred by any company acting under this act to
any other corporation, association, or person;
and it is provided that the United States may
at any time after the expiration of five years
from the date of the passag'e of this act, pur-
chase, for postal, military, or other purposes,
all the telegraph lines, property, and effects of
any or all of the companies at an appraised
value, to be ascertained by five competent, dis-
interested persons, two of whom shall be se-
lected by the Postmaster General of the Uni-
ted States, two by the company interested, and
one by the four so previously selected.
The fourth section provides that before any
telegraph company shall exercise any of the
powers or privileges conferred by this act, such
company shall file their written acceptance
with the Postmaster General of the restrictions
and obligations required by this act.
Mr. KASSON. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Alley] to yield to me that
I may offerasan amendmentaprovisionthat—
No powers, grants, or privileges hereby conferred
shall be construed to apply to any telegraphie com-
munication between tlie United States and any foreign
country.
The gentleman will recollect we have offered
some special inducements to the construction
of an Atlantic telegraph, and this bill might
be construed so as to reopen the whole sub-
ject. I hope there will be no objection to the
amendment.
Mr. ALLEY. I should be glad to give way
to the gentleman from Iowa to move his amend-
ment, for I see no objection to it except that
if any amendment be adopted by the House
the effect will be to send the bill back to the
Senate, which of course I could not consent
to at this late period of the session. I there-
fore must decline to allow this or any other
amendment to be made to the bill.
Mr. KASSON. I think an amendment like
that I offer certainly will not expose the bill
to be lost in the Senate.
Mr. ALLEY. No one knows better than
the gentleman from Iowa that if the bill goes
back to the Senate with an amendment, How-
ever unimportant, it will fail to pass at this
session.
Mr. KASSON. A Senator asked me to get
the House to send something to them because
they were passing fancy bills for want of some-
thing to do.
Mr. ALLEY. This is an important bill to
the American people. Influences have been
brought to bear upon the House and the Sen-
ate to defeat it; I may say influences of an
extraordinary character. Appeals have been
made by those who are opposed to this bill to
allow them to amend the bill, and they have
expressed a willingness to vote for it if allowed
to submit the most unimportant amendments.
It is well understood what their object is. It
is, sir, to kill the bill.
Now, while the bill may be made possibly
more perfect in some particulars, it is a meas-
ure of such vast consequence to the American
people, and so understood, that I cannot, for
one, assume the responsibility of allowing it
to be amended in the House so as to send it
back to the Senate, there to sleep the sleep of
death. I cannot consent to yield the floor for
the purpose of giving an opportunity to any
gentleman to move an amendment. I concede
that some amendment might be made that would
be beneficial to the bill, but the gentlemen who
desire in good faith to offer amendments can,
after this bill has been passed, present them and
have them adopted, in a supplemental proposi-
tion, which, if defeated at this session of Con-
gress, may be adopted at the next session.
Mr. HALE. I inquire of the chairman of
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads whether we are to understand from his
remarks he proposes to bring this bill to a
vote without any opportunity for discussion
or amendment of any kind whatever.
Mr. ALLEY. I have stated that I intend to
bring this bill to a vote without yielding the
floor to the enemies of the-bill to propose
amendments which I know are sure to kill it.
I do not propose to deny to any gentleman who
desires to discuss the bill ir good faith oppor-
tunity to do so ; but at this late period of the
session we cannot discuss it as fully as I would
like.
Mr. HALE. I wish to discuss this bill, bat
I cannot say now whether I will discuss it in
good faith or not, but I have never been in the
habit of discussing measures in any other.
Mr. ALLEY. To be sure not. This bill is im-
portant to the interests of the American people;
but it is more important now than at any other
period, for the reason that nearly all the tele-
graph companies of the country have recently
been consolidated into one. This company now
represents a capital of nearly $41,000,000. It
is the most gigantic monopoly in this country
if not in the world. It has in its hands nearly
all the telegraphic lines within its control in
the country, and the American people are sub-
stantially subjected to its dictum in this regard.
"We know the power of the telegraph and how
influential it may be in affecting the destinies
of subordinate interests and the prosperity of
the nation. Then I think the House will agree
with me that under such circumstances we
ought to pass the bill at once and protect the
rights and interests of the people. When I say
this consolidated company is a great monopoly
I do notr mean in any invidious sense. The
members of the company whom I know are
gentlemen of high character and respectability,
and I do not doubt they will conduct the affairs
of this company, perhaps, as well as any other
gentlemen would who are intrusted with the
same amount of power and responsibility.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it was my fortune, as is
well known to you, to have had something to
do with the enactment of the telegraph bill
which established telegraphic communication
with the Pacific coast, and with the single ex-
ception of their conduct in relation to convey-
ing telegrams over that line, I have nothing to
say against them in particular. But I do say
here, and I defy contradiction, that the com-
pany have not acted in good faith to this Gov-
ernment so far as its promises were concerned.
In reference to its service upon that line and
the requirements of the bill which we passed in
1860 granting them great privileges and subsi-
dies, they were required to charge but three
dollars a message of ten words from the Mis-
souri river, I think, to the State line of Cali-
fornia. They accepted the act with the under-
standing and the promise, so far as they could
make such a promise at that time, that four
dollars a message of ten words was all that
should be charged from St. Louis, or rather, I
think, from Washington to San Francisco.
Now, what are the facts?. They neither com-
plied with the spirit or letter of the law, inas-
much as they charge nearly eight dollars for a
message from here to San Francisco and to in-
tervening points in Nevada and the distant Ter-
ritories. They have violated the letter of the
law in demanding this exorbitant rate, cer-
tainly at the other end of the line, and if I am
not mistaken at this end also, in coin. They
refuse to receive their pay in the lawful cur-
rency of the country. Therefore, I say, they
violate the spirit of the law in charging indi-
rectly double what was expected and promised,
and the letter of the law in demanding coin.
Mr. Speaker, the capital stock of the West-
ern Union Telegraph Company in May, I think,
18G4, was $11,000,000. They watered their
stock from eleven to twenty-two millions. This
stock in the market at that time, or very soon
after, was worth two hundred per cent. Of this
I do not complain, but simply wish to show by
the statement how necessary it is that we should
have competition. Now, sir, such gigantic for-
tunes as have been made by individuals con-
nected with these telegraph companies have
never been witnessed, I believe, anywhere else
on the face of the earth by legitimate pu.'Mjits.
