1806.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS:
unanimous consent to consider the resolution
to-day. Is there any objection?
Mr. SUMNER. I think it had better lie
over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it lies over under the rule.
. Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts will withdraw the objection, I desire
to make an explanation in regard to this reso-
lution.
Mr. SUMNER. But that will open the way
toits consideration to-day. If the Senator
thinks it advisable, however, to consider the
' resolution to-day, I will withdraw it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Docs the
Senator from Massachusetts withdraw his ob-
jection?
. Mr. SUMNER. I do, at the request of the
Senator from Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to say that a sim-
ilar resolution, or a resolution looking to the
formation of a committee of inquiry and exam-
ination, was offered by the honorable Senator
from Minnesota [Mr. Norton] some time ago,
and was referred to the Committee on Finance ;
-and perhaps I should not be going beyond my
duty in stating that the Committee on Finance
informed the honorable Senator who introduced
the resolution, that whenever specific charges
were made against any one connected with the
Government, whether the Secretary of the
Treasury, or any of his subordinates, an in-
quiry would at once be instituted into the eon-
duct of the agent accused; but this general
mode of arraigning a whole class of employes
of the Government without any specific charges
to me seems the grossest and most palpable in-
justice. I cannot say that I know the name of
a single one of the cotton agents of the United
States. I do not now recall the name of one of
them; and yet they are constantly arraigned
here by resolutions of the Senate en masse,
without any allegation and without any speci-
fication. It seems to me that this is gross in-
justice.
If the Senator from Kentucky will state that
he has information that any agent, naming him,
has been guilty of any fraud upon the Govern-
ment of the United States, there will be no dif-
ficulty whatever at any moment in having an
examination, either by a special committee or
by properly authorized agents of the Govern-
ment. It seems to me this wholesale arraign-
ment of officers of the Government is unjust to
them and improper.
As a matter of course this resolution ought
not to bo adopted unless the Senator from Ken-
tucky will make specific charges against one
or more of these agents. If he does, there is
not a Senator upon the floor but what will ea-
gerly give him, if he desires it, an oppoitunity
to examine into those charges. I merely make
this remark now so that the persons who are
accused by this general form of resolution shall
not lie under the burden of accusation, and
that the matter may be promptly disposed of
whenever anybody is arraigned.
Mr. DAViS. Mr. President, I will ask no
other assurance than that the Senate will raise
such a committee upon probable cause being
made out.
Mr. SHERMAN. On specific charges being
made.
Mr. DAVIS. I am informed from various
sources that the instances of corruption in re-
lation to cotton and the bringing out of cotton
are very numerous, and that they are of the
most flagitious character, and upon the largest
scale. A friend of mine in Kentucky who was
engaged in cotton operations was in the whole
of the West and Southwest. lie spoke from his
own personal knowledge, as he said, and with
a solitary exception, in the sweep of a thousand
miles, he did not know a solitary agent, mili-
tary or civil, of the Government that had been
.brought into contact with cotton that had not
been corrupted by it. He told me that General
Canby was the only solitary man in the sweep
of a thousand miles that had been connected
• with cotton transactions who had not been cor-
rupted by it, and he knew the fact. There are
gentlemen in this city now that have given me
information of the most extensive and flagitious
corruptions of the agents connected with the
sale and collection of cotton, these agents being
in the service of the United States. If the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio desires, as I do not
doubt that he does desire, that light should be
thrown in upon this subject, and if he will get
his friends to agree to raise a committee to in-
vestigate cotton frauds, cotton swindling, and
cotton speculations generally, upon a specifi-
cation of the charges, I will promise to bring
them in.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will say, in reply to the
Senator from Kentucky, that whenever he or
any other Senator makes specific charges against
any agent of the Government employed in the
purchase of cotton, and those charges are not
immediately and promptly examined, or fairly
dealt with by the Treasury Department, I will
vote for a committee of this body at once to
investigate them, and I believe that is the feel-
ing here. Now, the Senator says that some-
body, whom he does not name, tells him there
is not an honest cotton agent in the United
States, whether a military or civil officer. That
is a very broad declaration, probably involving
one or two thousand eflicers, because nearly
all the officers in the southern States have had
more or less to do with the operations of the
Government in cotton. A charge of that kind,
made so broad and sweeping, affecting the char-
acter of so many men, is a very peculiar one.
I have heard the Secretary of the Treasury state
that he has found the most clamor to be made
against the most honest agents, and that some-
times, where a vigorous examination has been
made into the alleged conduct of the agents, it
was found that the only conduct complained of
on the part of the agent was a faithful observ-
ance of the law and a strict discharge of his
duty ; and the more strictly an officer discharges
his duty, the more clamorous will be the noise
made about, it. 1 say again, that if the Sena-
tor from Kentucky can arraign any officer of
this Government for fraud and peculation con-
nected with cotton transactions, he can have
to-day and immediately a prompt and fair ex-
amination. Let him give the allegations and
the names of the accused. It will first be the
duty of the Treasury Department to examine
into the conduct of the agent, and if they fail
or neglect for a reasonable time to make' that
examination, there will be no difficulty in the
Senator from Kentucky having the examina-
tion made here. Until that is done, it seems
to me, these general allegations against a whole
class of officers, including civil and miliary
agents oftlie Government, ought not to be made.
Mr. DAVIS. If I am to be remitted to any
Department of the Government I shall expect
no success in this invest igation. The way to
reach it with certainty is by congressional in-
vestigation, and it is by the investigation being
intrusted to the friends of the investigation.
Let a committee be raised—as used to be the
principle in relation to all committees—the
majority of which are friendly to the object of
the investigation. I will give one example of
those frauds. There is a gentleman now in the
service of the Treasury Department of the
United States who is a cotton agent, and has
been down the Mississippi and up the lied river
engaged in purchasing cotton and bringing it
out, and he told me that General Taylor, who
is in the service in the Mississippi region of
country, had lawlessly and fraudulently seized
upon his cotton and had it appropriated out in
such a manner as to reap himself a consider-
able portion of the avails of the sale of that
cotton.
But I understand that the Senator from Ohio
is receding from his position. All I want is for
the Senator and the Senate to stand up to this
position: lot the Senate raise a fair committee
to investigate any cases that may be specified,
and let the friends of the investigation have
the strength of the committee. It is certainly
not a very fair way of investigating charges of
fraud, or any other matter of maladministra-
tion, to place the investigation in the hands of
men who wish to stifle it. If the honorable
Senator and _ his friends, the • majority in. the
Senate, will stand up to. what I understood to
be his position in the first instance—that whea
there-^re cases specified- of fraud in. cottoa
transactions they will -raise a committee to in-
vestigate those transactions, and a fair commit-
tee—I will ask nothing more; and when such a
committee reports in favor of the exoneration
of men to whom these frauds have been imr
puted, I shall be among the first to retract
those charges.
. Mr. SHERMAN. I hare but a word to say
m reply to the Senator from Kentucky. The
rule that I adopted when a member of the
House of Representatives was this -: when alle-
gations of fraud were made against the officers
of the Administration—then a Democratic Ad-
ministration, and I thought a very bad one—
I refijsed to have anything to do with them
until specific charges were made, reduced to
writing, and signed by responsible parties 
Then I undertook to investigate the charges*
and then a committee was appointed-by a Bexar
ocratic House of Representatives, of which I
was chairman, and the majority of which was
not friendly to the investigation ; but the inves-
tigationwas had, a fair investigation, and various
masters were disclosed. Now, if the Senator
from Kentucky desires to investigate these
charges, if he says to us that he is satisfied that
fraud has been committed in the cotton opera-
tions of the Government, I am perfectly willing
to vote for a resolution to be introduced by him
organizing a committee to investigate those
charges, of which he will undoubtelly be the
chairman ; and if he can discover any fraud in
the operations of the cotton agents of the Gov-
ernment, I shall be most happy to sustain him
in punishing the officers engaged in that fraud.
Mr. FESSENDEN". Mr. President
Mr. DAVIS. Will the gentleman permit me
to add one word?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The gentlemen from
Kentucky and Ohio have addressed the Senate
throe times apiece on this matter, and I think
I ought to have a turn by and by.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark
in the chair.) Docs the Senator from Maine
yield the Uoor to the Senator from Kentucky?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes sir.
Mr, DAVIS. I will merely remark to the
honorable Senator from Ohio that, with his
permission, I will embrace other matters be-
sides cotton frauds in <m auxiliary resolution.
I know that in the State of Kentucky officers
in the employment of the Government have
extorted money from the people to the amount
of thousands and tens of thousands, and indeed
hundreds of thousands of dollars, in the name,
and ostensibly for the benefit of the United
States, and the mass of that money, I have rea-
son to bel'.eve, has gone into tho pockets of these
officers, and not a dollar of it into the Treasury.
I hope that the honorable Senator's disposition
to investigate will allow me to bring in other
subjocts.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, in the
perfect integrity and personal honor of the hon-
orable Senator from Kentucky, I, with every-
body else that knows him, have the most entire
confidence; I have no doubt that he would dis-
charge any duty imposed upon him with care-
fulness and ability and integrity; but atthe same
time I must say, that with regard to anything
connected with this Government that he had to
investigate and report upon, I am afraid he
looks upon everything, no matter what, with
so jaundiced an eye that it would be a little
dangerous to intrust him with deciding upon
anything that the Government or the Depart-
ments have done from the beginning to the
end. Therefore I cannot agree with the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio in sayingthatl should
be very ready to commit the whole matter to
the honorable Senator from Kentucky himself,
and to a committee of his selection. "I am very
much afraid that, unintentionally, we might
come to a wrong conclusion.
Having said this, I wish to remark further that
I have had some experience with reference to
