1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2785
Is accepted as the desirable future revenue policy of
the country, the question next arises, in what man-
ner and to what extent can it be carried out, and at
tho same time insure to the Government a revenue
adequate to its necessities V*
Now turn to page 27 of the same report:
_ "Incomes.—In respect to the income tax thecommis-
sion have not, from want of time, been able to give
this subject the attention which its importance de-
mands. Although in many respects an obnoxious
tax, yet, falling as it does mainly on accumulation, it
will probably be sustained with less detriment to the
country than any other form of taxation, the excise
on spirituous and fermented liquors and tobacco
excepted. The discrimination at present in the rate
levied on incomes under and in excess of $5,000 is,
however, unjust, being in fact a tax on the results
of successful industry and business enterprise; and
the commission recommend that this discrimination
be abrogated, and the rate be equalized at five per
cent."
You must not tax industry, but must tax the
results of Industry; and then further on they
say you must not tax realized wealth. It is
impossible to frame a tax bill from sucH con-
tradictory recommendations as these.
[Here the hammer fell. ]
Mr. DAVIS. I oppose the amendment, and
I do it for the purpose of saying that I believe
the action of this House would be very unwise
if we discriminate on the subject of tax on in-
comes. If there is any principle settled in our
Government it is that of uniform privileges.
It runs through the Federal Constitution and it
runs through every State constitution. And,
sir, but for the exigencies the war imposed
upon us I do not think we would at the last
Congress have departed from that system. The
capital of this country should be protected. It
should be invited to investments of enterprise
and industry. If we discriminate against capi-
tal we interpose obstacles to business, because
if men are successful we tax them unfairly and
■unjustly. Why should a man, on the principle
which is advocated here, who owns a farm of five
hundred acres, not be taxed five times as much
per acre as the man who owns a farm of fifty
acres ? That is the principle t^atis involved here.
You discriminate in consequence of the amount
, of property which a man holds. You take away
from the accumulation of industry that which
•would go into capital except for the interference
of the Government. You turn that portion of
the capital over'to the coffers of the Govern-
ment. You thus derange and decrease the
business of the country. I hope the amend-
ment will not be adopted.
Mr. PAINE. T withdraw the amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. PIKE. I renew it. When I was inter-
rupted before I was about to make a proposi-
tion which I think the Committee of Ways and
Means will accept, and that is to strike out this
section and the next three succeeding sections,
•and allow this whole matter to go over until next
year. The tax for this year is already assessed.
The instructions have already gone out. The
change of law will not affect it in any par-
ticular, either in the assessment or collection.
This Congress adjourns, finally, on the 4th of
March next. There will be abundant time to
regulate this matter between the 4th of March,
when Congress adjourns, and the 1st of May,
■ffhen the tax is assessed. In the mean time
we shfill have the benefit of the experience
during the vacation. The revenue commission
has come to the conclusion, and it is the same
conclusion to which we have all come, that the
amounts to be realized from the assessments
made in this bill are exceedingly uncertain.
They depend upon business to be done here-
after, and whether or not the expectations of
the Committee of Ways and Means will be
realized, or the revenue foil very far short .of
the calculations made by the Committee of
Ways and Means, nobody knows. Perhaps one
intelligent gentleman here can guess as well as
another, but the experience which we shall have
between now and the next 4th of March will
determine this problem. It would be wise, then,
to postpone the whole matter until next ses-
sion. If the House does not assent to this prop-
osition, I hope that they will assent to my amend-
ment, which will continue the present law
except to exempt incomes up to $1,000.
39th CoNft. 1st Rpsw. —No. 173.
I have one word to say in reply to the gen-
tleman from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill.] I cited
the example of England in this matter of in-
come tax. I did it because British legislation
has always been of a conservative character
with regard to property, and no man can be
accused of demagoguism or of pandering un-
duly to the popular taste who follows the con-
servative example of British legislation. The
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
replies to me that they have rank there, that they
have lords and commons, a queen and dukes,
barons and knights. Now, if the income tax
under British legislation was assessed in pro-
portion to rank, the argument would be a good
one, but, as he well knows, some of these lords
and barons arc as poor as church mice; they
are entirely barren of income, as the gentleman
from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] suggests, [laughter;]
and consequently the reply made by the disy
tinguished chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means is entirely mal a propos. Now, I
have to say one word further. When the gen-
tleman says that the Committee of Ways and
Means in reporting this bill make no distinc-
tions in rank, I reply that they have made two
ranks—one is the great mass of the people who
have less than $1,000 income, and the other
rank is that smaller class of people who have
an income of more than SI,000. I propose
simply to add to the number of ranks, and
make another over §5,000. Will the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means tell me
the difference in principle?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORRILL. I will answer the gentle-
man, although if he had noticed what I have
said heretofore he would have already known
what the answer is. As I said to the gentle-
man from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paixe,] we con-
ceived that there was an inability on the part
of a person with a small income, and who has
a family to support, to pay any income tax.
He must first support his family, and therefore
we exempt SI,000 for every man or family.
That, I think, is a sufficient reason. The other
point which the gentleman from Wisconsin
alluded to, I think is "point no point"—that
in reference to tho exemption among man-
ufacturers to the amount of $1,000. The
party, it will be remembered, has to sell his
goods in the same market with all the rest of
the country; and he gets the same price for
those goods; and whatever is exempted is really
a bonus given to the parties, on the same prin-
ciple that we except $1,000 of income because
of the inability of those small manufacturers to
pay the tax. The gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Pike] alluded to the fact that the income tax
in England is not assessed in proportion to
rank or title. Does not the gentleman know
that the titled aristocracy of England own
nearly all the land of England? I do not
remember the precise number of land-owners
there, but I think it is not beyond thirty thou-
sand in the entire kingdom ; and it is from this
source, from rents, that the largest incomes are
there derived. If the gentleman had investi-
gated the subject he would have ascertained,
also, that while formerly they had different
rates of income tax in England, the present
law is a uniform law, imposing the same tax
upon all incomes.
Mr. PIKE. I withdraw my amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. HALE. I renew it. A point has been
made in favor of a discrimination between in-
comes up to $5,000 or $10,000, and incomes
in excess of one or the other of those sums by
a referenee'to the exemptions of incomes under
$1,000; and it has been strenuously contended
by the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paixe,]
by the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Pike,] and
by other gentlemen, that the fact that incomes
up to $1,000 are exempt from all tax is of itself
a recognition of the principle that discrimina-
tions may be made according to the amount of
the income of the party. With all deference
to the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, who has given his reason for that ex-
emption up to the amount of $1,000. it strikes
me that he has failed to give the true reason
for it, and-the one which removes it entirely
from the line of argument which these gentle-
men have adopted. I apprehend that the rea-
son why incomes up to the amount of $600
under the present law, and $1,000 under the
proposed law, are exempt from tax is not that
the possessors of small incomes are unable to
pay a tax, but that the law intended that the
average amount understood to be necessary
for the support of a family should not be taxed.
It was understood, two orthree years ago, that
$000 was probably the average of the expense
for the support of a family; now it is consid-
ered that SI,000 is probably that average; and
it is proposed to exempt that amount, not as
a discrimination in favor of the poor man as
against the rich man, but as the average ex-
pense of the support of a family to every man
throughout the country; in other words, it is
not a discrimination; it applies equally to every
man ; it is only incomes above that amount of
average expenses that are subject to taxation.
Now, I put it to this committee whether
there is on principle any sound reason whatever
why a man possessing an income of $100,000,
if you please, should pay more than his ratio,
his percentage on that income, more than the
man with an income of $5,000 pays? Sir, I
do not believe it is equal or just. We have the
power to do it, as we have the power to go fur-
ther and say that if a man has an income of
over $5,000 the country shall take the whole.
I do not know why it might not as well be done
in that form as in the form proposed by the
gentleman from Illinois, who runs the tax up
by hundreds and thousands, increasing the
grade until you get up to twenty-five per cent.
I ask the gentleman, why does he not say that
when a man's income exceeds §80,000 he shall
pay fifty per cent., when it exceeds $100,000
he shall pay one hundred per cent., and when
it exceeds S200.000 he shall pay two hundred
per cent. ? It does seem to me that the princi-
ple upon which these taxes have always been
assessed has been upon a principle of equality.
In Our local taxation, our State taxation, we
do not say that a man who holds real estate or
personal property beyond a certain amount
shall pay a greater percentage upon his prop-
erty than the man who holds a less amount. I
submit that however gentlemen may treat this
argument it simply results in the proposition
that the rich men being in the minority shall
have injustice done to them. I withdraw my
amendment to the amendment.
The pending question was upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Spalding.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the committee
rise for the purpose of closing debate.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair. Mr. Dawes reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union had had under consideration the
Union generally, and particularly the special
order, being bill of the House No. 513, to amend
an act entitled "An act to provide internal rev-
enue to support the Government, to pay inter-
est. on the public debt, and for other purposes,''
approved June 30, 1804, and acts amendatory
thereof, and had come to no resolution thereon.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that they had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled a bill of the
following title: when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (H. R. No. 453) for the relief of Cor-
nelius B. Gold, late acting assistant paymaster
United States Navy.
STATE LAWS COXCF.RXIXG FEEEDMEN".
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following message from the President of the
United States:
To the House of Representatives:
In answer to a resolution of the House, of
the *27th ultimo, requesting a collation of the
provisions in relation to freedmeu contained
