1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1825
you not want him just because he was a Dem-
ocrat? Did you not want liim just because he
was a southern man as well as a Democrat?
With Mr. Lincoln, a northern Republican, and
Mr. Johnson, a southerner and a Democrat,
what did your platform declare ? In tavor of
the maintenance of the Union, its integrity, its
power, its glory, and its salvation.
.Resolved, That it is tho highest duty of American
citizens to maintain, afrninst all tlicir enemies, the
integrity of the Union and the paramount author-
ity ol tlie Constitution and laws of the United
btates. — Plafform at Haltimore, 1864; liayitlond's
Lije of Lincoln, 556.
But who made this platform ? I answer, rep-
resentatives from all the loyal States, so called.
But not they only. No. Tennessee and Louisi-
ana and Arkansas were also fully represented
there, and they as living States participated in
its doings. ^ I know that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, the present, recognized leader
of this House, the one who directs its course,
opposed then in that convention, as ho does
now in this House, their recognition as'' States.''
He then proclaimed them "dead States," and
maintained that they had no right to be repre-
sented. But the convention decided otherwise
by ar^ overwhelming majority. Their repre-
sentatives were admitted to participation in the
deliberations of that national convention, 'l'hey
helped nominate its candidates, helped make
its platform, and the people who confirmed its
action, and on its principles elected the mem-
bers composing the majority in this House,
have given these gentlemen unmistakable in-
structions that their will and their positions
must be carried out in the same way, and "no
State be deprived of equal representation" in
Congress.
You wanted to blend all parts together ; and
hence you took a ltepubliean from the North
and a Democrat from the South and blended
them together upon the same ticket. That is
what made the Union party under which you
fought the last political battle and by which
you now iill up these seats here.
And now you denounce the man you voted
for, the man who standsupon the platform that
you made for him, who has not deviated from
it one hair's breadth. What brought you into
power? What brought you into the places
which you occupy on this lloor ? 'The platform
which you made at Baltimore ; that platform
which recognized the Union of these States,
and the unity of Democrats and Republicans,
and the very man who peianibulated your
country, declaring that you were for peace,
that you were for union and the conservation
of the nation, you now abuse because you say
he is a traitor. A traitor to what? A traitor
to whom? Is ho a traitor to the Union of these
States? Is he a traitetr to the platform upon
which he was elected? Is lie a traitor to the
principles which he enunciated and declared
while lie was your candidate? No, sir, no:
he is no such traitor. lie sustained the cause
of the nation; he battled for its flag; he has
sacrificed more than most of his tradiicers have
sacrificed. While they were at home, quietly
ensconced in the enjoyment, many of them, of
the pill'erings of the war, Andrew Johnson was
sacrificing health, and almost life and family
and all his property, in order to preserve our
Union, and make it glorious and indissoluble
forever.
And now, Mr. Speaker, I have shown that
President Lincoln did not regard any of those
Stales out of the Union, but in revolt against
its power—and hence, the war was only to
restore and protect; that Congress so declared
by its solemn act, in a period of alarm and
danger; that again, by the admission to seats
upon this floor of members from several of the
revolted States, they hold out inducements to
all the others to follow the example and send
their members here, and thus have recognized
that in ]8(il, 18G2, and 1863 those States were
still in the Union.
I have shown also that as a party, both in
your name of "Union" and by the action of
your national convention, your highest and
most authoritative exponent of mere party
39th Coxa. ]ri'r Sjbs.—No. 115.
principles, you have recognized their exist-
ence as "States," living and entitled to full
representation as such, and all this while war
was progressing.
Yet now, when you have got into power
upon these principles and platform, when the
war is over, when no armed rebel disputes the
authority of the Government anywhere, when
your armies have crushed out the revolt, your
so-called "Union party," by means of your
present majority, refuse representation to even
the States which were represented here during
the rebellion, and keep men who, although of
those Stales, yet enlisted in your armies to
fight for the restoration of the Union which
they loved, and although elected by loyal con-
stituencies, are not allowed to participate in
your deliberations, although you are passing
laws directly affecting their constituencies. I
ask you, is this just, is it magnanimous, is it
patriotic, is it American? If this is what you
call Unionism, I am proud that 1 do not belong
to such a Union party.
Bui, you ask, why should the Democrats
support him? Because wo are. patriots, that is
the reason. In thus supporting him we have
no party ends to subserve. Patriotism, gen-
uine patriotism, rules the Democratic heart.
Those one million eight hundred thousand
noble free American Democrats who have not
bowed the knee to any Baal stand up for An-
drew Johnson because Andrew Johnson stands
up for the integrity of this country. They de-
clare their determination to support him from
purely patriotic motives.
Gentlemen on the other side need not, lie
alarmed at all. We do not intend to steal tlicir
President from them. They brought him into
power, placing him upon a platform which
lie stands by to-day. \\re do not want to take
liim away from them; nor do we want to de-
prive them of the patronage of the Govern-
ment. 'l'hey are welcome to all the loaves and
all the fishes. We 1 rom patriotic motives give
him our support; and we ask nothing from him
but the integrity of our Union and the unsul-
lied honor of our flag. Ytre ask that that glori-
ous banner shall wave over a united, a happy,
and a prosperous people; and wo desire to sup-
port, not the party that elected Andrew John-
son, but the President of the whole United
States of America, one and indivisible, now
and forever.
C0XG1U3SS AND liECONSTRCCTIOX.
Mr. BALDWIN. Mr. Speaker, in what I
have to say there will be some reference to the
joint resolution concerning Tennesson. At t!io
proper time the gentlemen of the committee
from which that ■resolution was reported will
undoubtedly give a full statement of their rea-
sons for asking us to adopt it. I shall not in-
terfere with their duty to the House in this
respect, by undertaking an elaborate argumeul
either for or against the measure. I will give
careful attention to what they may urge in its
behalf, hoping it will be made clear to the House
that Tennessee, which has been so sadly con-
vulsed, disorganized, and desolated by treason,
is now in a lit condition to reestablish lier old
relations with the Government. It is reasonable
to believethat satisfactory reconstruction can be
found there, if anywhere, for in Tennessee the
work of restoring the State was placed entirely
in loyal hands.
I confess, Mr. Speaker, that I tiave not sym-
pathized with that eager zeal which dreamed
of seeing treason, all hot with the fierce liies
of the war, suddenly lower its temperature,
change its heart and its habits, throw off its
chronic hatred of the Government, and restore
the insurgent Stales to honest patriotism and
proper organization during tho first weeks or
S monthsaftertheoverthrowofitsarmies. On the
! contrary, I have felt that in some of the insur-
gent States, if not in all of them, tho effort to
secure complete restoration was premature. It
has seemed to me that this work, on which the
future destinv of tho nation so much depends,
should have been undertaken without haste and
with very great deliberation, I havo thought
it should have waited until tho mad passions of
the war had subsided; until the whole nation
had been made to feci that treason is a crime,
and not an excusable pastime; until an amnesty
bill bad settled the policy to be pursued toward
the conquered traitors, who had forfeited all
their rights under the Constitution ; until time
had developed, in those insurgent communities,
such preparation for tho work of reconstruc-
tion as "would have made it everywhere success-
ful ; until the black and bloody spirit of baffled
treason had been changed anil purified by the
transfiguration of such returning love for the
old flag and the old honor and glory of the Re-
public as would havo brougSt wirii it all the
sentiments of genuine loyalty.
But we did not wait; very soon after the
rebel armies surrendered provisional measures
wore employed to secure immediate icconslruc-
tion. The motive was patriotic ; and this move?
ment might not have embarrassed the situation
if it had not very strangely led to a denial of
tho rightful authority of Congress over thia
question. The joint resolution to which I have
referred brings us at once to a discussion of
this question, and no man here should be will-
ing to evade it.
Nothing in all the proceedings touching the
restoration of fke insurgent States has moved
1110 with such profound astonishment as the
claim that Congress has no duty or function in
this case beyond judging, cachllouse for itself,
'• of the elections, returns, and qualifications of
its own members." This is a denial of the au-
thority of Congj-ess never before heard of since
the Union was formed. Here for the first time
we are told that it does not belong to Congress
t,o decide questions and controversies that may
arise touching the validity, or the republican
character ol State governments.
Tho President coins to have bad no doubt in
regard to this prerogative of Congress when lie
devised provisional measures to restore the in-
surgent States, lie assumed necessarily that
reorganization and new State governments were
indispensable, and what he deemed necessary
to the validity of anew State organization was
expressed distinctly in !iis communications to
some of the '"provisional governors," through
tho Secretary of State. July i 1, 18G5, Mr. Sew-
ard telegraphed to the provisional governor of
Mississippi, as follows:
"The government of the State will be provisional
Oilh/ until the civil authorities shall be re-Loicd with
the aiipyovul of Congress,"
That is very explicit. September 12. 18G5,
lie wrote thus to Provisional Governor Marvin
of Florida :
"It must, however, bo distinctly understood that
the ics(.oralion to which your proclamation retcrs will
bo subject to the dean ion of Uonorcx#."
This prerogalive of Congress was then seen
and admitted without question. It was ditlieult
to fail ol' seeing it, for, according to the national
Constitution as interpreted by the Supreme
Couil.'Congiess is the only branch of tho Gov-
ernment that has authority to settle questions
of this kind.
The doctrine of these cxccutivc instructions
is in accordance with nil the intimations of rea-
son, as well as with the spirit of all precedent,
and one feels that the wriior must have had
before him the decision of tho Supreme Court in
the somewhat famous Uhode Island case. It is
well known that the Dorr commotion in Rhode
Island brought this question before the Supremo
Court in the ease of Lutlicr vs. Borden, ct at.
iir. Chief Justice Taney, delivering the opin-
ion of the court, expounded as follows that
provision of the Constitution which makes it
tho duty of the United States to guaranty to
cach State a republican form of government.
The exposition is not new to the House. It
has already been quoted here. But it is im-
portant, and will bear quoting again. Judge
Taney said:
"Under this ariicle of the Constitution it rests with
Congress to decide what fovcrniaent is the tstab-
jj.died one in a >Slate. Jmv, a^tUc United Slate*, guar-
anty to each Stale a republican aowmtaont, ton-
giVM must neeo^aiily dceidc what <:ov. n mvnt is
est ahibshed in a State boforo i ton.n doreriruno whether
it is republican or not. And when tho Senators and
