1826
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
Representatives of a State are admitted mto the
councils of the Union, Uio authority of the govern-
ment under which they are appointed, as well as its
republican character, is recognized by the proper con-
stitutional authority. And its decision is binding on
every other department of the Government, and
eould not be questioned in a judicial tribunal. It is
true that the contest in this case did not last long
enough to bring the matter to this issue, and as no
Senators or Representatives were elected under the
authority of the government of which Mr. Dorr was
the head, Congress was not called upon to decide the
controveisy. Vet the right to decide is placed there,
and not in the courts."—Howard,yol. 7, p. 42.
This language could, hardly be made more
pertinent to the present condition of affairs.
Language cannot say more unequivocally that
it is the prerogative of Congress to decide con-
cerning the authority or validity of a Stategov-
ernmcnt, as well as its republican character.
In .Rhode Island two State governments con-
tended for supremacy, but the men conducting
the Dorr movement were not bold enough, and
perhaps not strong enough, to maintain the
controversy and bring it to the national Gov-
ernment for decision. Had this been done, not
the Supreme Court, and not the President, but
Congress, and Congress alone, would have been
authorized 'to decide it, and its decision would
have bound both the President and the court.
The authority of Congress is just as exclusive
and paramount in every other (^.se of this kind,
and nowhere more so than in the case of the
States disorganized more than five years ago
by the treasonable endeavor to establish a
"southern confederacy."
Mr. Speaker, there is something worth atten-
tive study in the cool deliberation with which
some gentlemen put aside all this, while that
pestilent creature, known as secession State
sovereignty, crawls into this discussion, and
undertakes to wind its slimy coils around the
question at issue. Gentlemen talk to the House
as if Congress had never heard, and never could
hear, of the duty thus imposed by the Consti-
tution and expounded by the court. They tell
us with amazing assurance that Congress can-
not assume such authority without violating the
sovereignty of the States; that is to say, this
outlawed and accursed doctrine, which was
used to authorize treason, is now used as a sa-
cred refuge from the consequences of treason.
Meanwhile, it is undeniable that some branch
of the Government must interfere, demand re-
construction, and decide in regard to its valid-
ity. Two things are constantly forgotten by
the advocates of this traitorous doctrine of
State sovereignty: first, that the Union was
formed before any State was constituted ; and
second, that the Congress representing this
Union changed the colonies into States and
moved them to form State governments. A
careful study of the records of our early polit-
ical history might enlighten such men.
The Union, iirstknown as "the United Col-
onies," was formed by the permanent estab-
lishment of the Continental Congress. To this
Congress was committed the whole direction of
affairs, with authority to negotiate for fen ad-
justment with Great Britain, or to declare sep-
aration from that Power and recommend such
measures of organization as might become ne-
cessary. Its first session began at Philadelphia
Septomber5,1774; it negotiated and petitioned
in vain; finally, May 15, 1776, it decided that
the authority of the British Government must
no longer be recognized, and recommended the
colonies to organize regular governments. In
the preamble and resolution by which this was
done we have the original Declaration of Inde-
pendence. The great Declaration, made seven
weeks later, only completed and announced to
the world what was here determined. As the
declaration of May 15, 1776, is not as well
known as it should be, although of the very
highest importance in our history, I will give
it entire. It is as follows:
"Whereas his Britannic majesty, in conjunction
with the Lords and Commons of Great Britain, has,
by a late act of Parliament, excluded the inhabitants
oi these United Colonies from the protection of his
erown; andwliercas no answer whatev erto the hum-
ble petition of the colonies for redress of grievances
and reconciliation with Great Britain has been Or is
likely to be given, but the whole force of that king-
dom, aiacd by foreign mercenaries, i - to be exerted
for the destruction of tho good people of these col-
onies: and wheieas it appears absolutely irreconcil-
able to reason and good conscience for the people of
these colonies now to take theoaths and affirmations
necessary for the support of any Government under
the Crown of Great Britain, and isnecessary that the
exercise of every kind of authority under the said
Crown should be totally suppressed, and all the pow-
ers of Government exerted under the authority of the
people of the colonies for the preservation of inter-
nal peace, virtue, and good order, as well as for the
defenseoftheirlives,liberties, and properties against
the hostile invasions and cruel depredations of their
enemies: Therefore,
"Jtesolvecl, That it be recommended to the respect-
ive assemblies and conventions of the United Colo-
nies, where nogovernmentsufiicient totheexigencies
of their affairs hath hitherto been established, to
adopt such government as shall, in the opinion of
tho representatives of the people, best conduce to
the happiness and safety of their constituents in par-
ticular, and America in general."
The existence of the States of this Union
began there. They were never, at any time,
separate and independent. They were bom uni-
ted, and the Continental Congress brought them
into existence. They were organized by direc-
tion of that Congress, and began their existence
subject to its supremacy. Immediately on the
publication of the foregoing preamble and res-
olution, the people of the colonies proceeded
to establish the governments recommended,
which, you will observe, were to be such as
would not only promote their own welfare, but
also tho welfare of "America in general;"
that is to say, they must be parts of one great
whole, and take such form as would fit them
for their places in the Union. Those who es-
tablished the first State governments left a full
record of their recognition of the authority and
supremacy of the Congress overtheStates. Tlie
preamble to the first constitution of South Caro-
lina, adopted in 1778, declared expressly that
the States had been " constituted" by the Con-
gress. Here is what it said:
"AYhereas the United Colonics have been consti-
tuted independent States, and the political connec-
tion heretofore existing between them and Great
Britain entirely dissolved, by the Declaration of the
honorable Continental Congress, dated July 4, 1776,"
it becomes "necessary to frame a constitution suita-
ble to that great event."
The preamble to the first constitution of
Georgia gave as a reason for establishing the
State government that tho Continental Con-
gress had recommended such organizations.
The same reason for establishing a State govern-
ment is given iu the preamble to the first con-
stitution of New Jersey. In New Hampshire
the provisional " congress" of the colons' was
authorized " to-establish some form of gov-
ernment, provided, that measure should be
recommended by the Continental Congress."
Hoping for an adjustment with Great Britain
they established a temporary organization to
last one year, with a proviso that it might be
continued longer by the people " if the Con-
tinental Congress give no instructions or direc-
tions to the contrary,
How different is all this from that disorgan-
izing heresy of a later day, which represents
that the States were originally independent
sovereignties, and that they formed the Union
by establishing a mere league between these
sovereignties! And how distinctly it shows
that from the beginning it has been the unques-
tioned prerogative of the Congress to have a
certain control over the States and their or-
ganizations. The Union and its supremacy
were the first facts in our national history, and
they have stood from the beginning unmoved
and immovable. Since that creative declara-
tion of the Continental Congress there have
been many changes intended to perfect and
strengthen the national organization, but in
the course of all these changes there has never
been even so much as a proposition to change
the relation of the States to the legislative
branch of the Government.
It belongs to Congress, and to no other branch
of tho Government, to constitute and admitnew
States. It belongs to Congress, primarily, and
to no other branch of the Government, to guar-
antee to each State a republican organization ;
and it belongs exclusively to Congress to de-
cide whether tlie reorganization of a State that
has been disorganized by any cause whatever
is republican in form and in all respects satis-
factory. The national Constitution, the Su-
preme Court, all the precedents and teachings
in our history, and all the suggestions of rea-
son, give this power to Congress and make
plain that it cannot be taken away or trans-
ferred elsewhere without a radical and disas-
trous change in the Government. Congress
would be false to itself, false to the Constitu-
tion, false to the Republic, false to our oaths
of office, false to every sentiment of honor and
justice, should it yield this power to the clamor
of any dictation whatever or allow it to be used
in any way to give impunity to treason and
breakdown the defenses of the national wel-
fare.
For these reasons, Mr. Speaker, I cordially
approve the joint resolution reported from the
committee on reconstruction so far as it asserts
or implics'the absolute authority of Congress
over questions of this character. But this res-
olution is not free from objection in some other
respects. It has not been presented to the
House in the best form it can take. The res-
olution would be much improved by making it
more simple and direct; and certainly a por-
tion of the language used is calculated to mis-
lead many people in regard to its actual mean-
ing. I refer particularly to this portion of it:
" Resolved. That the State of Tennessee is hereby
declared to be one of the United States of America,
on an equal footing with the other States."
This language is similar to that of the act by
which Tennessee was admitted into the Union.
That act, passed June 1, 1796, was as follows:
"Be it enarted, That the whole territory ceded to
tho United States by the State of North Carolina .shall
be one State,Tand the same is hereby declared to be
one of the Unitcd_ States of America, on an equal
footing with the original States in ali respects what-
ever, by the name and title of the State of Tennessee."
The language of the resolution is understood
by many persons to mean that Tennessee is now
out of the Union. I am assured that no such
meaning is intended, but 1 do not need the as-
surance, for I have not supposed this could bo
meant by the committee from which the reso-
lution comes. It appears to me that language
liable to such misconstruction should not be
used in such a resolution. The resources of the
English tongue are very great. Without taxing
them severely we can find terms more appro-
priate and less likely to be misunderstood.
When you say that the late insurgent States are
"out of the Union,'' and talk of admitting them
again into the Union, many people understand
you to mean that they actually separated them-
selves from the nation, that by virtue of their
ordinances of secession they actually went out
of the Republic. Jefferson Davis maintained
to President Lincoln that the Republic had be-
come "two nations;" that was the doctrine of
secessionism; butit was false doctrine, treason-
able doctrine, fit onlytobe spit upon and tram-
pled under foot. Therefore, I think the reso-
lution would be much improved by striking out
the words I have quoted and putting in their
place something like the following :
Resolved, That, the State of Tennessee is hereby
declaied to be satisfactorily reorganized, and in a lit
condition to reestablish her old relations' with the
Government and resume her representation in Con-
gress.
There is not an acre, not a foot, not an inch
of that southern region, where the nation's
right of sovereignty has ceased for a moment;
and no assumption or proceeding of treason
has repealed the act of Congress by which cer-
tain specified territory was declared to be tho
State of Tennessee. We must either indorse
the most pestilent doctrine of secession trea-
son, or maintain inflexibly that every " ordi-
nance of secession" was, from the beginning,
null and void. On this question of in or out
of the Union, mistake and confusion have
been occasioned by an inappropriate use of
words. If by the word " State" some gentle-
men mean chiefly the State organization, they
will, of coursc, talk as if the State liad disap-
peared, should the State government be de-
stroyed or in any way become invalid. It
seems to me indispensable to avoid confound,
ing the State with its political organization, if
