374fr
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11,
Mr. THAYEB. Does the gentietoaa think
that any practical injury could result to any-
body from carrying a telegraph wire along the
public highway, or that any body' s rights would
be materially injured by such an act?
Mr. HALE. The gentleman will allow me
to say that it is not a question whether rigKts
are '' materially injured.'' Does the gentleman
from Pennsylvania mean to say that because
it would be no material injury to me the Gov-
ernment has a righj^to authorize him to cross
my farm and set up telegraph poles upon my
land without making compensation to me? I
ask him that question., His answer to that
will be my answer to his inquiry.
Mr. THAYEjR. I do not understand that
the bill gives the right to any company to cross
anybody's farm. It simply gives to the com-
panies the right to carry their wires along the
public roads or highways. If there be in that
any injury at all it is what lawyers call dam-
num absque injuria.
Mr. HALE. Mr. Speaker, where a highway
passes through my farm, as I have before said,
the soil of that highway, subject to the public
servitude of travel, is as absolutely mine as any
right of mine in the world; and it strikes me
that the gentleman from Pennsylvania makes
a great mistake when he says that a violation
of this right is damnum absque injuria, and
tLat Congress may authorize him to walk across
my laud if I choose to say that I prefer his
footsteps shall not press it. Whether there be
any injuria or not, there is in such a case a
damnum which Congress has no power to im-
pose upon me.
The SPEAKER. The ten minutes of the
gentleman from New York have expired.
Mr. ALLEY. Mr. Speaker, in the several
speeches wlvich have been made by gentlemen
opposed to this bill no one of them has vent-
ured to raise his voice in opposition to the
merits of the measure. Every gentleman with
whom I have conversed upon the subject has
been forced to admit that it is a bill of great
merit, that it proposes to remedy a great and
increasing evil, the power to remedy which
ought to exist somewhere 
Mr. HOTCHKISS. If the gentleman will
allow me, I desire to inquire what is the pres-
ent value of the stock of th§ Western Union
Telegraph Company.
Mr. ALLEY. The present .value is fifty-
three dollars per share, the par value being
§100.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. It has been, I under-
stand, §200.
Mr. ALLEY. That was before the stock
was watered, A gentleman near me says that
it has been watered sixteen times. In this he
is mistaken. It has not been watered so many
times as that; but I cannot say how many
llttlpt! if
Mr. HOTCHKISS, Willthegentleman from
Massachusetts give an opportunity for gentle-
men to '[raise their voices in opposition to the
bill?"
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
.Massachusetts yield to the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Hotchkiss?]
Mr. ALLEY. I do not, unless the gentle-
man wants to ask a question.
_ Mr. HOTCHKISS. I have asked a ques-
tion.
Mr. ALLEY. And I am going to answer
it. Thegentleman asks me what is the present
value of the stock of the Western Union Tel-
egraph Company.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. The gentleman has an-
swered that question. My other question was
whether the gentleman would give to other gen-
tlcmcu a:i opportunity "to raise their voices
in opposition to this bill."
3-[" 1-. ALLEY. I understand full well the
pnrpn <e of certain gentlemen with regard to
tins bill  
Mr. HOTCHKISS. Will the gentleman
answer my question ?
Mr. ALLEY. J am going to answer the
gentleman's quesrt&n in my own way. If he
will be quiet he will get my answer.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. Will the gentleman
answer the question dire?tly, without any con-
dition about my being quiet?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts is entitled^) the floor; and the gen-
tleman from New Yotk is not in order.
Mr. ALLEY. I will answer the gentleman,
but I deny his right or the right of any other
gentleman upon this floor to tell me how I shall
answer a question. If the gentleman will hear
me I will answer his question.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. If you do not give the
privilege of discussing the piatter you should
not. say no man dares questiofi its propriety.
Mr. ALLEY. I would give every gentleman
an opportunity to be heard fully on this ques-
tion if we had the time. Nothing would afford
me more satisfaction-than tb go into the history
of this company from the beginning to the end.
I could a tale unfold in regard t6 telegraph
companies which would not be disputed here
or anywhere else, and which I am sure would
secure the vote of every member of this House
on this bill; unless, perhaps, some might be
deterred by what they regard as constitutional
objections, which, of course, I respect. So far
as the constitutional question is concerned, sir,
I have nothing to say. I am no lawyer. I
givegentlemen creditfor being sincere and con-
scientious in their objections on constitutional
grounds; and I believe no gentleman here if
he was thoroughly informed upon the subject
would find it in his heart to oppose the passage
of this bill on its merits outside of any consti-
tutional question. But I have only to say in
reference to the constitutional points raised,
that the most eminent lawyers of Congress
or with whom I consulted on the bill say that
it is perfectly constitutional and right in all of
its parts. All these points and all these objec-
tions have been raised in the committee as well
as upon this door, and have been fully consid-
ered. I expected most earnest" opposition to
this bill. I understand what appliances have
been resorted to; I know that the chief man-
ager of this great monopoly has been here upon
the floor of this House to-day calling members
from their seats and soliciting their aid in oppo-
sition to this bill.
If I had time I think I could show on the
merits of this measure that the interests of the
American people imperatively demand its pas-
sage. But I have not time to go into that at
any great., length, but I trust I have said suf-
ficient to obtain the sanction of this House to
this measure, and have only to say in regard
to the constitutional question, if this great Gov-
ernment and the people of this country are in
the hands of a few individuals in regard to the
use of the telegraph, from whom there is no
escape, then God help the nation! Yet with
such important interests at stake, if we are to
be prevented from exercising our rights in this
matter because of constitutional impediments,
it seems to me we are in a bad way.
Mr. ICASSON. I inquire whether the bill
cannot be improved by amendment. -
Mr. ALLEY. I know the bill can be im-
proved in some particulars. Of that I have no
doubt. But I will say that the bill was thor-
oughly matured by an able committee of the
Senate. It was reported to the Senate and
passed by that body after an elaborate discus-
sion, and came to this House. I have taken
great pains to become satisfied in regard to the
points raised, and have consulted some of the
most eminent lawyers in Congress, who, with-
out a single exception, save -one, I believe, are
of the opinion that the bill is constitutional.
Mr. KASSON. The gentleimrn does not
understand me. The difficulty I have is a
practical one. The bill does not reserve to
the United States the right to regulate the
tariff of charges, which I think ought to be
done. There is nothing to prevent the com-
pany acting unuer this bill with the old monop-
oly. We are now paying an extravagant Snd
unprecedented rate of duty for telegraphing.
It should be put in connection with the Post
(Mice Department as far as possible. To that
I agree. But we should fix the maximum rates
the company should charge. In view of these
amendments I ask my friend whether he thinks
the mysterious influences of which he has
'""spoken, but of which I am fortunately ignor-
ant, will have changed the opinion of the Sen-
ate since they passed this bill, if we send it
back to them.
Mr. ALLEY. While I do not. say any im-
proper influence lias been or will be brought
to bear upon the Senate, still I believe the bill
will be lost if we send it back to them, and with
that strong conviction I should be recreant to
my convictions of duty thus to jeopardize its
passage.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have not
looked at tms bill before this morning, but if
it will tend in any way to break up the present
stupendous moffopoly I am for it. It must be
apparent to every member that this telegraph
monopoly has become oppressive to the people
and they ought not to be called upon to bear
it any long'er. The gentleman says it is an out-
rage. They are combining, confederating, and
consolidating untjl it seems that they have al-
most every telegraph line within their clutches ;
they are taxing the people to a most enormous
extent; and now, if this bill will in any way tend
to break down that monopoly, I am for it. Tho
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Alley] is
pretty sound on this question of telegraph mo-
nopoly—I wish he was equally sound on some
other questions which may come up here—and
I desire to carry out. the ideas which the gen-
tleman Jjas expressed. Now, tho third section
contains a ^ery important provision. I do not
think it goes far enough. It is intended to
prevent the transfer of the "privileges hereby
granted."
Mr. HALE. As the gentleman has entered
freshly into this case, I wish to ask him if in.
his eager haste to break down telegraph mo-
nopolies he is willing to violate the Constitu-
tion by taking private property without com-
pensation, and whether he is willing to sacrifice
tin American monopoly for the benefit of a
foreign monopoly.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
propose to violate the Constitution or build
up any monopoly, as the gentleman suggests,
at all; but I have an amendment that I wish
to propose to this bill.
Mr. HALE. You cannot do it; the gentle-
man from Massachusetts will not let you.
Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois. Oh, I think
he will. I was calling the gentleman's atten-
tion to an amendment which I think he will
agree to. I have no fear that it. will not be
concurred in by tile Senate or that they will
not pass the bill during the present session. I
want a provision incorporated by which, in
case the company undertake to sell *out their
rights, this act shall be repealed. 1 propose to
amend the third section, which provides "that
the rights and privileges hereby granted shall
not be transferred by said company to any
other corporation, association, or person witlv
out the consent of Congress," by adding these
words, "and any such transfer, either direct
or indirect or under any color or pretense
whatever, shall operate as a repeal of this
act.''
Mr. ALLEY. I object to the amendment
and call the previous question.
Mr. JOHNSON. I appeal to my colleague
on the committee.
Mr. ALLEY. I decline to yield.
Mr. JOHNSON. I must say this is a viola-
tion of faith on the part of the chairman of the
committee.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Tho chairman of
the committee can yield to the gentleman after
tho previous question is seconded.
Mr. JOHNSON. We were assured we would
have an opportunity to debate it. I did not
want to occupy more than ten minutes.
On seconding the demand for the previous
question no quorum voted.
Tellers were ordered ; and the Speaker „ap-
pointed Messrs. Alley and Finck.
The Howse divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 51, noes 45.
