*62
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
these cotton transactions. The Senate will rec-
ollect that it became my duty, under a bill that
■was passed in the first session of the last Con-
gress, to organize these cotton agencies. I did
so to the best of my ability. I put them under
the best men thatl could find. Of all that ap-
plied, I was exceedingly careful, exceedingly
minute in the examination of the character and
sapacity of the men selected and their general
reputation and fitness for the places to which
they were appointed. Theyhadnotbeenin office
a month, had hardly entered upon their duties
so far as to have it understood that they had
entered upon their duties, before I had precisely
this kind of complaint, rumors, charges coming
in that the officers were doing this and doing
that and cheating the public, and putting money
into their own pocket, and statements of a sim-
ilar description. I investigated them at once in
many cases. I told the individuals that if I
found any man who had in any way shown a
disposition to make private profit more than
he was entitled to by law and by the regulations
under it, I would dismiss liim at once from the
public service, and I think I would have kept
my word. In every instance in which I made
an examination, or caused one to be made. I
.found that the charges were totally unfounded;
that they emanated from men who had been^lis-
appointed in effecting their own purposes, who
had notbeen able to do what they desired to do;
that the law, under the direction of the agents,
as applied to them, had not met their wishes;
and at lastl came to this conclusion, and slated
it: that whenever any persons came to me to
make a charge against a public officer, they
must put it in writing, specify the instance, and
puttheir names to it. I received anonymous let-
ters, letters making these general charges, but,
after the establishment of that rule, I found that
although I had plenty of general talk, Iceuld not
get any man to put himself on paper with regard
to them.
1 have no doubt that there Jiave been in-
stances in which the Government agents have
acted improperly, perhaps corruptly. It would
be singular if, in the very large number of agents
appointed, it was not so. You could hardly
expect not to be deceived in some instances.
But from the experience I had in the Treasury
Department, so long as I staid in it, from what
] saw and from what I learned, I became satis-
fied that, as a general rule, the business was
conducted on the part of the agents of the
Government with great-integrity and with great
care; and that, as a general rule—not, perhaps,
in all cases—when complaints were made, they
came either from interested speculators, men
who had been cut off in their own efforts to cheat
the Government, or men who were honestly
misled by general rumors and statements that
they picked up somewhere. When they came
to me and made these statements, and I said to
them, "Will you put yourself in writing and
make the charge?" the reply always was, "Oh,
no, I do not like to be known as meddling
with it; I would rather my name would not be
used." Myanswerwas, "Sir, ifyou come here
as an honest citizen of the Republic making a
complaint, trying to expose corruption, why not
take the responsibility of making the charge if
you believe it?" "They did not like to be
mixed up in it." I found that that was so in
almost all cases ; and I tell my friend from Ken-
tucky that when ho comes to the examination
of the cases that have been stated to him, and
asks his informant, whoever he may be, to put
himself on paper, make the specific charge
against the specific officer, my belief is h.e will
entirely fail; lie will tell the Senator he is not
sufficiently aware of the facts to be able to state
them on his own responsibility; that he got
them from somebody else ; that somebody else
said so.
Now, sir, the Secretary of the Treasury has
a very difficult task to perform. He is obliged
to pick up this rebel cotton where he can, and
I know from his own statements that he finds
himself embarrassed in every direction in the
manner in which it is going on now. I think a
very great mistake was made in upsetting the
system that was established at the time that I
had the honor to be Secretary of the Treasury.
The reason for it was, undoubtedly—and it
seemed to be a good one—that the war had
ceased and it was better to put an end to that
system. I believe that it was the best system.
It was the one pointed out by the statute, ac-
cording to my reading of the statute. It was
working well, and would have brought a great
deal more money into the Treasury than any
system that has been adopted since. However,
the thing is done. It has led to embarrassment.
Every man whose cotton is seized complains.
I know of instances myself, if I may trust wit-
nesses, where the most furious accusations are
made against the cotton agents by the men who
have had their own cotton seized, and who say
that they are injured, and that this money has
been taken for the benefit of the agent, and he
is appropriating it for his benefit. Docs the
Senator from Kentucky think that, if a com-
plaint is made to the Secretary of the Treasury
that the Government is defrauded in an indi-
vidual case, he will not investigate it and see if
the Government is defrauded, andifso, whether
the sum, whatever if is, cannot be secured and
placed in the Treasury? I believe no man is
more anxious, 110 man is more careful, no man
is more ready to investigate and see that justice
is done to the Government than the present
Secretary of the Treasury. He labors in sea-
son and out of season to perform his very ardu-
ous and responsible duties—duties too great for
any one man to perform in point of fact, as I
happen to know by sad experience.
That being the case, 1 am opposed utterly to
those fishing commissions before any attempt
has been made to get an explanation from the
proper quarter. The Senator says if he at-
tempts to get justice from the Treasury De-
partment he cannot obtain it. I repel the
charge on the part of the Treasury Department.
He can get it, or any other man can get it; and
I will never vote for a commission to investi-
gate the doings of the Treasury Department on
the strength of a statement here by any Sen-
ator that he cannot get justice done at the
Treasury Department. Let him prove that by
specific facts stated to the Senate, and then we
will see whether the Department itself wants
investigation and not the inferior officers of the
Department.
1 am opposed in general to these appoint-
ments of committees of investigation 011 gen-
eral statements and charges. 'They lead to
great expense; they lead to great embarrass-
ment ; and they effect very little, in point of fact,
one way or the other. But I agree with my
friend from Ohio that, when a case is presented,
a specific charge made against an officer of the
Government, with all t.he minuteness which will
amount, to a reasonable certainty, for 1 require
no more, on the strength of the names of wit-
nesses who are credible, and who make the
charge, and whom we should know and hold
responsible for them, then I am ready to have
an investigation by a committee ; but for us to
appoint a committee of investigation on the
strength of a mere resolution, founded, in its
very terms, on newspaper rumors in part, and
general statcmentsofwcknownotwhom, apply-
ing to nobody but covering the ground all over
in this way, is a mere idle waste of time and of
money, and a thing that we ought never to do.
There is no end of it. It is departing from our
proper duties to meddle with things that do not
belong to us until it is satisfactorily shown to
us that an examination on the part, of Congress,
one body or the other, is absolutely essential.
I hope, therefore, that we will take the ground
in regard to this resolution, and with regard to
all others o'f the kind, that we will not. appoint
these committees of Congress to make special
examinations until we have something definite
and fixed upon which to found it. That—as
my friend from Ohio has stated ; I may as well
state it after him—was the unanimous opinion
of the Committee on Finance on examining the
resolution that was sent to us by the honorable
Senator from Minnesota, and to that I feel dis-
posed to adhere.
Mr. CONNESS and Mr. McDOUGALL
addressed the chair.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ci.ark
in the chair.) The Chair will recognize the
Senator from California on the left of the Chair,
[Mr. Conness. ]
Mr. CONNESS. I move to postpone the
further consideration of this resolution, and that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of the
motion to reconsider the vote on the passage of
the bill (H. R. No. 135) to extend the time for
the withdrawal of goods for consumption from
public store and bonded warehouse, and for
other purposes, which was pending yesterday'
when the morning hour expired.
Mr. DAVIS. If the honorable Senator from
California will withdraw his motion, I will not
detain the Senate more than a moment, and will
then consent to it.
Mr. CONNESS. The morning hour has
nearly expired, and the bill to which I refer is
of great consequence. I hope we will be able
to get to its consideration. However, I will
give way to the Senator if ho will only occupy
a moment.
Mr. DAVIS. I was merely going to say —
Mr. McDOUGALL. I believe I am next en-
titled to the floor, if my colleague waives it, to
anybody. I addressed the Chair when lie did.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will feci bound to accord the floor to the Sen-
ator from California, if he claims it., the. Sena-
tor from Kentucky having spoken twice in the
same debate.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no objection to any gen-
tleman occupying the floor who wishes it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. 1 wish simply, if my col-
league permits me to have the floor, to move
an amendment, to the resolution. It is to insert
after the word "charges" the words, "and
also all frauds on the part of Government offi-
cers where the matter may be inquired of at the
port of New Orleans and in the States of Mis-
sissippi and Arkansas."
Mr. President, I am not much in favor of
those police committees. I am inclined to
think that it is somewhat inconsistent with the
dignity of the Senate to bo engaged in this kind
of espial to find out things: but, nevertheless, it
has been made the order of the day. When-
ever a committee was asked from the opposite
side of the Chamber, with a traveling commis-
sion, to inquire into anything concerning the
war. it was always granted, and their expenses
paid to go from here to St. Louis, from there
to Louisville, and from there to New Orleans—
a traveling legislative committee to go and in-
quire into things. The Senator from Maine
now thinks that that is not a legitimate system
of inquiry. I think with him in truth that it is
not. a legitimate system of inquiry. I think it
would be very difficult to entice me to go off
andplay detective East, West, North, or South;
but it has been done. Even this great com-
mittee that you have had here, the committee
on the conduct of the war, was a detective com-
mittee. They wanted to know how a man would
swear before he could be introduced there; at
least some did.
It is the business of the majority here to affirm ;
it is the right of the minority to object, and, if
necessary, to protest. We, the minority, ques-
tioning the exercise of administration by what
we call an infirm majority, come in here and
question the conduct of their administration
through all their offices. Can we not question ?
Will you confine the business of questioning to
yourselves, the majority ; or will you permit us,
who have to watch you—that is our business
now as a minority—to question vou ? No, says
the Senator from Maine, we will not permit you
to watch us.
Now, there is no man on this Senate floor who
does not morally know—I will not say mathe-
matically—t hat there have been immense frauds
in the cotton business. There is not a man who
knows anything about the valley of the Missis-
sippi that does not know that, men who went in
there poverty-stricken came out millionaires ;
or at least millionaires in francs. I undertake
to say that a man who'was rejected in this Sen-
