346
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 13,
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
or commodities for and on behalf of such per-
son or persons in said house or premises.
. That section seventy-eight be amended by
striking out all after the enacting clause, and
inserting in lieu thereof the following: that any
number of persons, except lawyers, convey-
ancers, claim agents, patent agents, physi-
cians, surgeons, dentists, cattle brokers, horse
dealers, and peddlers, doing business in co-
partnership at any one place, shall be required
to pay but one special tax for such copartner-
ship.
That section seventy-nine be amended by
striking out all after the enacting clause, and
inserting in lieu thereof the following: that a
special tax shall be, and hereby is, imposed
as follows, that is to say:
One. Banks chartered or organized under a
general law, with a capital not exceeding fifty
thousand dollars, and bankers using or employ-
ing a capital not exceeding the sum of fifty
thousand dollars, shall pay one hundred dol-
lars; when exceeding fifty thousand dollars,
for every additional thousand dollars in excess
of fifty thousand dollars, two dollars. Every
incorporated or other bank, and every person,
firm, or company having a place of business
where credits are opened by the deposit or
collection of money or currency, subject to be
paid or remitted upon draft, check, or order, or
where money is advanced or loaned on stocks,
bonds, bullion, bills of exchange, or promissory
notes, or where stocks, bonds, bullion, bills of
exchange, or promissory notes are received for
discount or for sale, shall be regarded as a bank
or as a banker: Provided, That any savings
bank having no capital stock, and whose busi-
ness is confined to receiving deposits and loan-
ing or investing the same for the benefit of its
depositors, and which does no other business
of banking, shall not be subject to this tax.
Two. Wholesale dealers, whose annual sales
do not exceed fifty thousand dollars, shall pay
fifty dollars; and if their annual sales exceed
fifty thousand dollars, for every additional
thousand dollars in excess of fifty thousand
dollars, they shall pay one dollar; and the
amount of all sales within the year beyond
fifty thousand dollars shall be returned monthly
to the assistant assessor, and the tax on sales
in excess of fifty thousand dollars shall be as-
sessed by the assessors, and paid monthly as
other monthly taxes are assessed and paid.
Every person shall be regarded as a wholesale
dealer whose business it is, for himself or on
commission, to s-ell or offer to sell any goods,
wares, or merchandise of foreign or domestic
production, not including wines, spirits, or malt
liquors, whose annual sales exceed twenty-five
thousand dollars. And the payment of the
special tax as a wholesale dealer shall not ex-
empt any such person acting as a commercial
broker from the payment of the special tax
imposed upon commercial brokers: Provided,
That no person paying the special tax as a
wholesale dealer in liquors shall be required
to pay an additional special tax on account of
the sale of other goods, wares, or merchandise
on the same premises: And provided further,
That, in estimating the amount of sales for the
purposes of this section, any sales made by or
through another wholesale dealer on commis-
sion shall not be again estimated and included
as sold by the party for whom the sale was
made.
Three. Retail dealers shall pay ten dollars.
Every person whose business or occupation it
is to sell or offer for sale any goods, wares, or
merchandise of foreign or domestic produc-
tion, not including spirits, wines, ale, beer, or
other malt liquors, and whose annual sales ex-
ceed one thousand and do not exceed twenty-
live thousand dollars, shall be regarded as a
retail dealer. |
Four. Wholesale dealers in liquors whose i
annual sales do not exceed fifty thousand dol- !
lars shall pay one hundred dollars, and if ex- j
ceeding fifty thousand dollars, for every addi- :
tional one thousand dollars in excess of fifty
thousand dollars, they shall pay one dollar,
and such excess shall be assessed and paid in
the same manner as required of wholesale
dealers. Every person who shall sell or offer
for sale any distilled spirits, fermented liquors,
or wines of any kind in quantities of more than
three gallons at onetimetothe same purchaser,
or whose annual sales, including sales of other
merchandise, shall exceed twenty-five thou-
sand dollars, shall be regarded as a wholesale
dealer in liquors.
Five. Retail dealers in liquors shall pay
twenty-five dollars. Every person who shall
sell or offer for sale foreign or domestic spirits,
wines, ale, beer, or other malt liquors in quan-
tities of three gallons or less, and whose an-
nual sales, including all sales of other mer-
chandise, do not exceed twenty-five thousand
dollars, shall be regarded as a retail dealer in '
liquors.
Six. Lottery ticket dealers shall pay one
hundred dollars. Every person, association,
firm, or corporation who shall make, sell, or
offer to sell lottery tickets or fractional parts
thereof, or any token, certificate, or device rep-
resenting or intending to represent a lottery
ticket or any fractional part thereof, or any
policy of numbers in any lottery, or shall man-
age any lottery, or prepare schemes of lotte-
ries, or superintend the drawing of any lottery,
shall be deemed a lottery ticket dealer: Pro-
vided, That the managers of any lottery shall
give bond in the sum of one thousand dollars
that the person paying such tax shall not sell
any tickets or supplementary ticket of such
lottery which has not been duly stamped ac-
cording to law, and that ho will pay the tax
imposed by law upon the gross receipts of his
sales.
Seven. Horse dealers' shall pay ten dollars.
Any person whose business it is to buy or sell
horses or mules shall be regarded ahorse dealer:
Provided, That one special tax having been
paid, no additional tax shall be imposed upon
any horse dealer for keeping a livery stable,
nor upon any livery stable keeper for dealing
in horses.
Eight. Livery stable keepers shall pay ten
dollars. Any person whose business it is to
keep horses for hire, or to let, or to keep, feed,
or board horses for others, shall be regarded
as a livery stable keeper.
Nine. Brokers shall pay fifty dollars. Every
person, firm, or company, whose business it is
to negotiate purchases or sales of stocks, bonds,
exchange, bullion, coined money, bank notes,
promissory notes, or other securities, for them-
selves or others, shall be regarded as a broker:
Provided, That any person having paid the
special tax as a banker shall not be required
to pay the special tax as a broker.
Ten. Pawnbrokers using or employing a
capital of not exceeding fifty thousand dollars,
shall pay fifty dollars ; and when using or em-
ploying a capital exceeding fifty thousand dol-
lars, for every additional thousand dollars in
excess of fifty thousand dollars, shall pay two
dollars. Every person whose business or oc-
cupation it is to take or receive, by way of
pledge, pawn, or exchange, any goods, wares,
or merchandise, or any kind of personal prop-
erty whatever, as security for the repayment
of money lent thereon, shall be deemed a
pawnbroker.
Eleven. Land-warrant brokers shall pay
twenty-five dollars. Any person shall be re-
garded as a land-warrant broker who makes a
business of buying and selling land-warrants
or of furnishing them to settlers or other per-
sons.
Twelve. Cattle brokers, whose annual sales
do not exceed ten thousand dollars, shall pay
ten dollars ; and if exceeding the sum of ten
thousand dollars, one dollar for each addi-
tional thousand dollars ; and such excess shall
be assessed and paid in the same manner as
required of wholesale dealers. Any person
whose business it is to buy or sell or deal in
cattle, hogs, or sheep, shall be considered as
a cattle broker.
Thirteen. Produce brokers, whose annual
sales do not exceed the sum of ten thousand
dollars, shall pay ten dollars. Every person
other than one having paid the special tax as
a commercial broker or cattle broker, or whole-
sale or retail dealer, or peddler, whose occu-
pation it i? to buy or sell agricultural or farm
products, and whose annual sales do not ex-
ceed ten thousand dollars, shall be regarded
as a produce broker.
Fourteen. Commercial brokers shall pay
twenty dollars. Any person or firm whose
business it is, as a broker, to negotiate sales
or purchases of goods, wares, or merchandise,
or to negotiate freights and other business for
the owners of vessels, or for the shippers, or
consignors, or consignees of freight carried by
vessels, shall be regarded a commercial broker.
Fifteen. Custom-house brokers shall pay ten
dollars. Every person whose occupation it is,
as the agent of others, to arrange entries and
other custom-house papers, or transact busi-
ness at any port of entry relating to the im-
portation or exportation of .goods, wares, or
merchandise, shall be regarded a custom-houso
broker.
Sixteen. Distillers shall pay one hundred dol-
lars. Every person, firm, or corporation, who
distills or manufactures spirits, or who brews
or makes mash, wort, or wash for distillation
or the production of spirits, shall he deemed
a distiller: Provided, That distillers of apples,
grapes, or peaches, distilling or manufacturing
fifty and less than one hundred and fifty barrels
per year from the same, shall pay fifty dollars;
and those distilling or manufacturing less than
fifty barrels per year from the same, shall pay
twenty dollars: And provided further, That no
tax shall be imposed for any still, stills, or other
apparatus used by druggists and chemists for
the recovery of alcohol for pharmaceutical and
chemical or scientific purposes which has been
used in those processes.
Seventeen. Brewers shall pay one hundred
dollars. Every person, firm, or corporation
who manufactures fermented liquors of any
name or description, for sale, from malt, wholly
or in part, or from any substitute therefor, shall
be deemed a brewer: Provided, That any per-
son, firm, or corporation, who manufactures less
than five hundred barrels per year, shall pay
the sum of fifty dollars.
Eighteen. Rectifiers who shall rectify any
quantity of spirituous liquors, not exceeding
five hundred barrels, packages, or casks, con-
taining not more than forty gallons to each bar-
rel, package, or cask, shall pay twenty-five dol-
lars; and twenty-five dollars additionalfor each
additional five hundred such barrels, packages,
or casks, or any fractional part thereof. Every
person, firm, or corporation who rectifies, puri-
fies, or refines distilled spirits or wines by any
process, or who, by mixing distilled spirits or
wine with any materials, manufactures any spu-
rious, imitation, or compound liquors for sale,
under the name of whisky, brandy, gin, rum,
wine, "spirits," or "wine bitters," or any
other name, shall be regarded as a rectifier.
Nineteen. Coal-oil distillers and distillers
of burning fluid and camphene shall pay fifty
dollars. Any person, firm, or corporation, who
shall refine, produce, or distill petroleum orrock
oil, or oil made of coal, asphaltum, shale, peat,
or other bituminous substances, or shall manu-
facture illuminating oil, shall be regarded as a
coal-oil distiller.
Twenty. Keepers of hotels, inns, or taverns,
shall be classified and rated according to the
yearly rental, or, if not rented, according to the
estimated yearly rental of the house and property
intended to be so occupied as follows, to wit:
when the rent or valuation of the yearly rental
of said house and property shall be two hun-
dred dollars, or less, they shall pay ten dollars;
and if exceeding two hundred dollars, for any
