1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
ate Hall for a commission in the quartermas-
ter's department, who was not worth 510,000,
who was a common gambler in my own State,
and followed that business, went down to New
Orleans, and it happened to be his multiple luck
to have a general of the Federal Army who was
a brother of his. Gentlemen ask for a state-
ment of facts. What I state I do not doubt, for
i heard it from a witness to a will—the climax
of it at least. After being rejected by this Sen-
ate, he went down to New Orleans. He lay
down at the Balize and controlled the entire
commerce of the port of New Orleans while his
brother commanded the forces at the city of
New Orleans. He came back, and I suppose,
by the providence of God, ho died in the city of
New York, and made his will there, and it is
in the surrogate's office. ITe left $'2,000,000 to'
be divided between his heirs and his brother.
Noperson will have any difficulty in ascertaining
who I intend to remark about when I say these
things. I believe that almost all Senators are
acquainted with the name of Benjamin F. But-
ler. I dare say all I am informed about and
all I think, and it shall not be laid to my door
by the Senator from Maine, or any one else, that
we do not challenge facts. I am satisfied that
one of our principal general officers made
$1,000,000 in cotton down on the Mississippi
while he was commanding our forces there. That
it was a common business on the part of the
officer I know. That it should be inquired into
is due to justice and truth ; and if the majority
will not allow the minority to inquire into it,
then the majority cannot he long predominant.
Mr. CONNESS. I mcfve to lay this resolu-
tion on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I have not had the benefit of
the experience of the honorable Senator from
Maine in relation to the financial transactions
of the affairs of the Government. He thinks
that I would be too prone to inculpatc these
officers to bo intrusted upon the committee. I
do not believe that T would be more prone to
inculpate them than he would be to exculpate
them.
Now, sir. I know of my own knowledge many
officers who have gone into their respective
offices poor and penniless, and they have grown
suddenly rich upon moderate salaries. I have
known officers whose salaries were about three
thousand dollars a year to sport their carriages
and fine horses, to buy town lots, to erect costly
buildings upon them, and to indulge in a great
deal of extravagance in living. 1 cannot un-
derstand how this can come about unless it is
by peculation and plunder and swindling.
The honorable Senator says that I am sus-
picious of the acts of this Administration and
of its officers who are in office. I confess the
impeachment. I have an extensive and a deep
conviction that in a great many of the money
transactions of this Government there is the
largest amount of plunder and of swindling.
I do not doubt it. I suppose the honorable
Senator from Maine will not dictate who shall
go upon this committee, or whether a commit-
tee shall be raised or not. I presume it is not
his office to decide the one question or the
other. I feel myself as competent on the score
of ability to do justice to any man inculpated
as that honorable Senator does, or any other
member of the Senate. I know this: that if
a man has a charge made against him and the
evidence brought forward to sustain that charge
is not sufficient, I should be as prompt and
ready to exculpate him from the tharge as any
Senator whatever.
But I do not ask, I do not desire, I would
prefer if a committee shonld be raised, not to
; be upon it. All that I ask is, that a fair com-
mittee, an independent and intelligent com-
f mitteej that would have the industry and the
^ courage to ferret out the truth in relation to all
'■ charges brought before them, shall be raised.
^ I have no doubt if such a committee was raised,
j .and it industriously and patiently performed its
duties, and was allowed sufficient time and suf-
ficient facilities, it could bring to the Treasury
millions and millions of money that has been
plundered by faithless agents and which ought
to be paid by them into the Treasury. I have
no doubt that a large spoil of that description
could be gathered up in the State of Kentucky,
and in the South, in the whole cotton region,
where cotton has been the subject of traffic and
of trade by officers, civil and military, of the
Government. I have no doubt thafrsuch a com-
mittee as I have indicated, if raised and allowed
to explore patiently and thoroughly, in a spirit
of truth and justice, all the charges of plunder
and peculation, it would result in millions npon
millions to the public Treasury, the honorable
Senator's experience and protest to the con-
trary notwithstanding. I do not believe in the
fruits or the utility of men who are interested
in stifling the truth and in covering up an in-
vestigation of these charges being allowed the
sole and exclusive privilege of investigating
them.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the special order, which
is House resolution No. 51, upon which the
Senator from Maryland [Mr. Johnson] is enti-
tled to the floor.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I ask the Senator from
Maryland to yield to me for one moment.
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly.
Mr. McD 0 UGALL. I wish to be understood
on this subject. I do not approve of this reso-
lution. Probably my objection to the resolu-
tion may have been sufficiently stated. I do not
believe in Senators or Representatives belong-
ing to a police commission. 1 would not vote
for the resolution under any circumstances, be-
cause I am opposed to it upon principle. I
think that the office of a Senator is something
above a police officer. That is all I desire to
say.
apportionment of representation. .
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 51) proposing to amend the Con-
stitution of the United States; the pending
question being on the amendment of Mr. Hen-
derson to the amendment proposed by Mr.
Sumner.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, in the re-
marks which I am about to make I shall address
myself, first, to the consideration of the reso-
lution immediately before the Senate in order to
ascertain its exact meaning; secondly, the sup-
posed necessity which calls for such an amend-
ment ; and thirdly, its effect upon the condition
of the country. In this, as in every other case
upon which human judgment is to be exercised,
it is very important that we should distinctly
understand what the measure under considera-
tion is. The honorable chairman of the com-
mittee, the Senator from Maine, has, if I un-
derstood him correctly, done nothing more than
state the difference between the resolution as
it was originally reported by the committee, and
as upon a recommitment it was subsequently
amended. It is the amendment which was
made upon that recommitment that is now
before the Senate.
What, then, is the meaning of the resolution
as it now stands? The second section of the
first article of the Constitution regulates the
mode in which representation and taxation are
to be ascertained, and it makes both to depend
upon the same facts. Representation is to be
apportioned according to numbers. Direct tax-
ation is to be apportioned in the same way. As
the resolution was originally reported the com-
mittee left them, subject only to other changes,
to stand in the same condition. Upon the re-
commitment, the provision originally contained
in relation to direct taxation was omitted, and
it stands now as a proposition to amend the
Constitution so as to affect alone the second
section of the first article of the Constitution
as it now is, which provides the mode in which
the number of Representatives is to be ascer-
tained.
The Senate will remember that that was
made to depend exclusively upon numbers,
with two exceptions. The first of the excep-
tions was, that in ascertaining the numbers
which were to regulate the amount of repie*
sentation, Indians not taxed were to be ex-
cluded. The other was, that that portion of
the people of the States in which the institution
existed, which was held in a condition of sla-
very, was not to be taken into the estimate to
their entire extent, but only to the extent of
three fifths of the whole; so that, as the-Con-
stitution now stands, if slavery still existed, the
southern States would be entitled to a number
of Representatives to be ascertained by ascer-
taining the number of persons within each
State generally, and secondly, by debiting the
State as against such number with the entire
Indian race who were not subject to taxation,
and two fifths of the persons in such States
who were not to be taken into the estimate.
Under that mode of ascertaining the repre-
sentation to which these southern -States were
entitled, the country, from the time of the
adoption of the Constitution up to the present
moment, excepting only the four years through
which we have so sadly but triumphantly
passed, prospered wonderfully. Perhaps I an?
not going too far in saying that in the liistory
of the world no people organized under any
form of government ever prospered as much
during the same period, or ever have prospered
as much during the entire period of their exist-
ence, as the people of the United States have
prospered since 1789, under this particular pro-
vision.
That being the case, Mr. President, let me
for a moment call the attention of the Senate
to the effect of the proposed amendment. The
entire amendment, except the proviso, makes
no change at all in the corresponding provision
in the Constitution, except that it omits the pro-
vision that three fifths only of a certain class of
the population is to be considered. The reason
for that omission is of course apparent. There
are no such persons now in existence in any of
the States of the Union who are not entitled to
be considered each for himself as a man, and
not as property. The provision in relation to
the estimation of three fifths instead of the
whole number was made becausc there did at
that time exist in the States a class of persons
who held the double capacity of man and prop-
erty, or, to speak more correctly, who were per-
sons and chattels. There was groat difficulty
in the Convention in providing for the manner
in which, as far as that class of persons was
concerned, representation was to be ascertained,
and an equal diffieully in ascertaining, as far as
they were concerned, how the provision as to
taxation wasto be made, and tliey came (for in
those days there was no such objection as seems
now to be inseparable in the minds of some Sen-
ators to compromising) to the conclusion that
the good of the country demanded that there
should be a compromise, and they proposed, as
a compromise, the provision as it now stands;
and that is, that for the purposes of representa-
tion, a person held in slavery or in involuntary
servitude shall be esteemed three fifths a man
and two fifths property; and they established the
same rule in relation to taxation. They very
wisely concluded that, as it was all-important
that some general rule should be adopted, this
was the best rule, because promising more than
any other rule to arrive at a just result of ascer-
taining the number of Representatives and as-
certaining the quota of taxation.
Now, as far as relates to the quota of tax-
ation, or as far as relates to^ the quota of rep-
resentation, the state of things is materially
changed. There are no men, so to speak, who
aie but three fifths men. We all stand upon
the .same platform. As we came from nature's
God, we stand together upon an equality as far
as relates to human rights, and it was entirely
unnecessary, therefore, to change the mode of
apportioning representation or of apportioning
taxation ex,cept for some other purpose which
did not enter into the estimation of the wise and
good men by whom the Constitution was adopted
in recommending this particular provision. This
amendment, says to the States, ''You are to be
entitled to a number of Representatives in pro-
