1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8747
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. HALE. On ordering the main question
I demand the 3'eas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question being tftken on ordering the
main question, it was decided in the affirma-
tive—yeas 74, nays GO, not voting 48; as fol-
lows :
YEAS —Messrs. Alley, Allieon, Ames, Anderson,
Belos R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Banks, Barker,
Baxter, BidwclJ, Bingham, Boutwell.Iiuckland, Ban-
dy, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cook, Dawes,
Dawson, Dcfrees, Delano, Doming. Donnelly, Eck-
ley, Farquhar, Garfield, Grimiefl, Abner C. Harding,
Hayes, Henderson, Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard,
John II. Hubbard, Ju.mes R. Hubbell, Jenckes, Ju-
lian. Kelley, Kelso, George V. Lawrence, Loan, Long-
year, Alar&ton, MoClurg, McKee, Mclluer, Mereur,
Miller. Morrill. Orth, Paine. Perham, Pike, Plants,
Price. William II. Randall, AlexanderH. Itice, John
H. Rice, Rousseau, Sawyer, Sehenck. Shellabarcrer,
Smith, Spalding, Stevens, Thayer, Robert T. Van
Horn, Ward, IJenryD. Washburn."William B.Wash-
burn, Welk er, Whaley, James F. Wilson, and Stephen
F. Wilson—74.
NAYS—Messrs. Aneona, Baker, Baldwin, Benja-
min, Bergen, Broomall, Cobb, Darling, Driggs, Eld-
ridge, Ferry, Finck, Glossbrenner, wider, Hale,
Aaron Harding, Han is, Hart, Hogan, Holmes, Hotch-
kiss, Chester D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Humphrey, John-
son, ICasson, Kerr, Ketcham, Kuykendal'l, Laflin,
Latham. William Lawrence, Marshall, Marvin, Mc-
Culiough, Moorhcad, Morris, Myers, Newell, Niblack,
Nicholson, O'Neill, Samuel J. Randall, Raymond,
Bitter, Rogers, Rollins, Ross, Seolield, Strouse, Taber,
Taylor, Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas/Thornton,
Van Aernam. Burt Van Horn, Elihu B. Washburne,
Williams, and Wright—60.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Beaman, Blaine, Blow,
Boyer, Brandcgec, Bromwcll. Chanler, Coffroth. Conk-
ling, Cullom, Culver, Davis, Denison, Dixon, Dodge,
Dumont, Eggleston, Eliot, Farnsworth, Goodyear,
Griswolrl, Higby, Hill, Demas Hubbard, Edwin N.
Hubbell, Ingersoll, Jones, Le Blond, Lynch, Mcln-
doo, Moulton, Noell, Patterson, Phelps, Pomeroy,
Radford, Shanklin, Sitgreaves, Slonn, Starr. Stii-
well, Trimbte, Trowbridge, Upson, Warner, Went-
worth, Winoom,Winfield, and Woodbridge—18.
So the main question was ordered; and un-
der the operation thereof the bill was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. FINCK. Is it in order to move to re-
commit?
The SPEAKER. Not pending the opera-
tion of the previous question.
The bill being engrossed was accordingly
read the third time.
Mr. ALLEY. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the passage.
Mr. HALE. I move to lay the hill on the
table, and qn that I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. JOHNSON. I would like to make a
motion to postpone it, till December next.
The SPEAKER. The motion to lay on the
table has priority.
Mr. HALE. I will withdraw the motion to
lay on the table, and will call the yeas and
navs on the passage.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the chairman of the
committee yield for a motion to postpone?
Mr. ALLEY. I decline to yield for that
purpose.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. FINCK. Is it not always in order, Mr.
Speaker, to postpone to a day certain?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The previous
question has priority of it, also the motion to
lay on the table. The motion to postpone to
a day certain is fourth on the list.
The main question was ordered on the pas-
sage of the bill.*
Mr. HALE. I demand the yeas and nays
on the passage.
The yeas and nays were ordered*.
The "question being taken on the passage
of the billj it was decided in the affirmative—
yeas 72, nays 02, not voting 48 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Delos R- Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baker. Banks,
Barker, Baxter, Bidwell, Bingham, Bueldand. Bundy,
Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cook, Dawson,
Defrces, Delano, Doming, Donnelly, Eckley, Lggles-
ton, Farquhar, Garfield, Crinnell Abner C. Harding,
Haves, Henderson, Asahel W. Hubbard, John It.
Hubbard, James R. Hubbell, Ingersoll, Jenckes,
Juliau, Ivasson, Kelley, Kelso, George V. Lawronce,
William Lawrence. Loan, Maiston, McClurg, Mch.ee,
McRuer. Miller. Morrill, Orth, Paine Perham, Pike,
Plants Pii^e, William H. Randall, John H. luce,
Ilojsseau, Sawyer, Sehenck. Scofield Shellaharger,
Smith, Spalding, Stevens, Thayer,, Bpbcrt 1. \ an
Horn, Ward, Henry D.Washburn, William B. ash-
burn, Welker, Whaley, and Wmdom-72.
NAYS—Messrs. Aneona, Baldwin, Benjamin, Ber-
gen, Boutwell, Boyer, Broomall. Cobb, Barling:, El-
iot, Finck, Glossbrenner, Grider, Hale, Aaron Hard-
ing, Harris, llart. Higby, Holmes, llotchkiss, Chester
D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Humphrey, Johnson, Kerr,
Kctebam, Euykendall, Laflin, Latham, Marshall,
Marvin, McCullough, Mfcrcur, Moovhead, Morris,
Myers, Newell, Niblack, Nicholson, O'NgUI, Patter-
son, Samuel J.Randall, Raymond, Ritter, Rogers,
Rollins, Iloss, Shankhn, Strouse, Taber, Taylor,
Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas, Thornton, Van
Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Elihu ii. Wa«hburne,
IV enhvorth, Williams, J ames F. Wilson, \V oodbridge,
and Wrisht—62.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Beaman, Blaine, Blow,
Brandegee, Bromwcll, Chanler, Coffroth, Conkling,
Cullom, Culver, Davis, Dawes, Denison, Dixon,
Dodge, Diiggs,, Dumont, Eldridge, Farnsworth,
Ferry, Goodyear, Griswold, Hill, Hogan, Hooper,
Demas Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, Jones, LeBlond,
Longyoar, Lynch, Melndoe,Moulton, Noell, Phelps,
I'omcroy, Radford, Alexander H. Rice, Sitgreaves,
Sloan, Starr, Stiiwell. Trimble, Trowbridge. Upson,
Warner, Stephen F. Wilson, and Winficld—48.
So the bill was passed.
After the roll-call had commenced,
Mr. JOHNSON said: I was told by the chair-
man of the committee that he would give me
a part of his time.
The SPEAKER. The roll-call has com-
menced.
The result having been announced as above
recorded,
Mr. ALLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. HALE. On the latter motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were, not ordered.
The motion to lay on the table was agreed to.
FAIR FOE ORPHANS' HOME.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House the following commu-
nication :
Washington, July 11,1866,
To the honorable the members of the House of llcpre-
seutativefi of the U/iited States (Joiioicsk:
The directors of the National Soldiers' and Sailors'
Orphan l-lome take the liberty to invite your honor-
able body to honor the loir by your presence on the
occasion of its final e^se, and the presentation of the
articles voted for" to the successful candidates, on
Thursday evening, the ll'th instant, at nine o'clock.
Veiy respectfully, Mrs. J. C. CARLISLE,
* Secretary.
ASSISTANT HOUSE STENOGRAPHER.
Mr. ROLLINS. I ask unanimous consent
to renort back the following resolution from
the Committee of Accounts:
Resold, That the Speaker be authorized to appoint
a competent stenographer as assistant official reporter
to th<* committees of the House, who shall bepaidoulF
of the contingent fund, eommcneingfthe 1st of June,
1866, the same compensation paid to the official rc-
poi tor. and whoso term of service shall expire March
4, l:iuT.
Mr. HALE. I object to that, unless there
is opportunity for discussion and amendment.
Mr. ROLLINS. Very well. I will with-
draw it.
GERMAN TARGET ASSOCIATION.
Mr. ASIILEY, of Ohio, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill to incorporate the Ger-
man Target Association of the city of Wash-
ington ; which was read a first and second time
and referred to the Committee for the District
of Columbia.
PACIFIC RAILROAD BONDS. .
Mr. PRICE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to authorize the issue of certain
bonds in denominations greater than $100;
which was read a first and second time and
referred to the Committee on the Pacific Kail-
road.
CALIFORNIA LAND TITLES.
Mr. BIDWELL. I ask to take up from the
Speaker's table Senate bill No. 343, to quiet
land titles in California, with the action of
the Senate on the amendments of the House
thereto.
No objection was made.
Mr. BIDWELL. The Senate have agreed
to all the amendments of the House to this
bill except the tenth. I move that the House
recede from that amendment.
The tenth amendment of the House, disa-
greed to by the Senate, was read as follows:
Add to section nine, at the end of the bill, tho fol-
lowing proviso:
Provided, however, That from decrees of the district
courts, as aforesaid, made after July 1,1865, and prior
to tjie passage of this act, an appeal may be taken to
the United States circuit court for the State of Cali-
fornia within one year from the approval of this act:
Provided, That in any such ease in which an appeal
may be taken underthe provisions of this section tho
said circuit court shall not bo precluded by tho terms
of the decree of confirmation, or by reason of any
clerical mis take therein, from determining the bound-
aries of the land claimed in accordance with the
original grant and the rcaljustice and merits of the
case.
Mr. JULIAN. That is an amendment which
was agreed to by the Committee on Public
Lands, aad I can see no objection to it. I hope
the House will not agree to the motion to re-
cede from that amendment, but will appoint a
committee of conference to arrange the differ-
ence between the two Houses.
Mr. BIDWELL. The effect of the amerfd-
ment is to allow the circuit court to review and
open a ease which has been confirmed by tho
Supreme Court. We think that is wrong. Tho
whole object of this bill is to quiet land titles
in our State, and I hope the House v/ill recede
from its amendment.
Mr. JULIAN. I want to ask the gentle-
man from California why that amendment waa
adopted.
Mr. PAINE. This matter seems to be tak-
ing up some time. I must resume the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks tho
amendment is before the House.
Mr. JULIAN. I do not propose to detain,
the House at all.
Mr. BIDWELL. I have moved that the
House recede from its amendment.
Mr. JULIAN. I move that the House in-
sist on its amendment and ask a committee of
conference. I wish to make a simple state-
ment to the House. "The difficulty arises from
a clerical error in the records of the Supremo
Court, affecting large landed interests. The
boundaries of a tract described were impossi-
ble boundaries; they did not inclose the land
at all; and the object of this amendment is to
cover that case and allow the Supreme Court
oa appeal, to correct that clerical error in tho
record of th^ court below ; and there can be
no objection to it. „
Mr. IIIGBY. What case is that?
Mr. JULIAN. I have tho statement from
gentlemen from California, and upon their
statement the committee adopted this amend-
ment.
Mr. PAINE. I yielded t"h e floor to the gen-
tleman from California with the express stipu-
lation that 1)u should only hold it for five min-
utes, and if h^lias any parliamentary right to
hold it longer, it is due to me that he should
withdraw his motion. Personally I wo aid be,,
perfectly willing to give him all the time ho
asks, but there is another question of privilege
behind mine, and the gentlemen who have
charge of it insist that I either go on now or
yield to them.
Mr. BIDWELL. I have not taken up any
time, and,I merely ask a vote.
Mr. WJlSHBURNE, of Illinois. _ I desire to
move to postpone the consideration- of this
question until to-morrow morning.
Mr. BID WELL. I withdraw my request.
The bill was therefore returned to the Speak-
er's table.
ELECTION CONTEST AGAIN.
The House then proceeded to the considera-
tion of the following resolution reported by Mr.
Paine from the Committee of Elections:
Resolved, That Hon. John L. Dawson is entitled to
I ,-etain hisscatasRepresentativemthe Ihirty-Nmth
Congress from the twenty-first district ol the State of
Pennsylvania,
Mr. PAINE. I yield to,my colleague on tho
committee from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield]
to move an amendment for the resolution re-
ported by the committee.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I submit the following
