1828
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
the rights and well-being of all loyal men. By
the words "loyal men" I intend those who
have never been traitors; I mean the heroic
Union men of Tennessee and all others like
♦ them. A rigid exclusion of disloyal men from
political power will do much toward securing
this guarantee; but there ought to be in the
reorganization of each State, or in imperative
obligations assumed in connection with it,
something that will give this guarantee both
certainty and permanence. We know very
well, because the evidence makes it undeni-
able, that faithful Union men who suffered
fearful persecutions during the war are still in-
tensely hated by those' who represent the rebel
spirit, and who lack nothing but the power to
revive the worst atrocities of the rebel domi-
nation. I do hot say this state of things pre-
vails universally in the South; but it exists in
many localities to such an extent that Union
men could not remain in them safely should the
Federal troops bo withdrawn; and this should
not be forgptten in any attempt to arrange a
permanent adjustment.
It would be an indescribable wickedness for
the Government to sanction any scheme of res-
toration that would leave the much-enduring
Union men of those States to the mercy of their
enemies. Wherever the confederate traitors
could reach them during the war these Union
men were subjected to intolerable outrages. Yet
they clung to the old flag through all the dark
and bloody days, looking onward to the light
and security to be realized through the certain
triumph of the Government. They believed
religiously in the national Union, and bore with
fortitude the sufferings and perils incident to
their trying position. And have they suffered
and waited in hope for the great victory of the
Government over its deadly enemies only to be
delivered over to whatever chance of life, lib-
erty, and the pursuit of happiness may await
them under the control and discipline of the
unrelentingrcbel spirit of the South? It would
be infamous to deal with them in this manner.
They must not bo left to the possibility of such
a fate,
There is another class in those States more
numerous, but, for many reasons, much more
helpless. I mean the colored freedmen. They
have been loyal to the Government far beyond
its right to claim their allegiance. Many of
them have borne arms in defense of the Gov-
ernment ; and could the history of the rebel-
lion be written in all its details, it would be
full of stories of the good will and fidelity of
these men to our soldiers and our cause. We
have decreed their freedom, and the people
have duly ratified this decree. We now stand
pledged by every consideration of justice and
humanity to provide adequate protection of
their rights and make this freedom real. Let
the colored freeman have the ballot; he is a
citizen of the United States; give him the bal-
lot. In the ballot there is a" wonderful power
of protection ; it is a talisman of unfailing vir-
tue ; it makes and unmakes political successes
and distinctions. The man who has it is sure
of a certain degree of consideration, for by
. means of the ballot he can reach the law-mak-
ers who trample on his rights. In giving it to
the colored freemen we should only return to
what was established by the founders of the
nation. The first constitutions of only two of
the original States—South Carolina and Georgia
■—confined the ballot to white men. We have
swept away slavery ; let us sweep away the bar-
barisms created by it since that period.
But, Mr. Speaker, what mountains of obstruc-
tion are thrown up between these colored freed-
men and the full enjoyment of their freedom!
Even their civil rights are denied, or oppress-
ively limited; and the same evil spirit that
makes haste to embody in law all the malignant
prejudices of caste, urges imperious^ that the
Government shall not undertake to defend them
against oppression. Meanwhile, it is undeni-
ably the aim of the old pro-slavery spirit to
reduce them to a condition as nearly like that
of slavery as circumstances will admit, a con-
dition that would yield all the advantages of
slavery without any of its incumbrances. The
hatred which has declared the freedom of these
people a calamity conspires diligently to make
it so ; the Government is angrily forbidden to
interfere with its operations; and if there be an
epithet of contumely and reproach that has not
been hurled at those who would allow these peo-
ple the protection they need, if must be some
blackguard epithet not yet invented. But the
mountains with which barbarism blocks the way
of justice will tumble down and disappee.r. The
powers of darkness will not triumph in this con-
test ; and whoever enlists in their service, be he
high or be he low, will certainly discover that
truth and justice, guided by divine Providence,
move onward to their triumph with a resistless
force to which every obstruction must yield.
In this matter of duty to the freedmen, we
are on trial before the world, and cannot escape
the judgment of mankind. Great occasions
like this do not come often. Not every gener-
ation can do so much to make history. Not in
every year, nor in every age, is it possible to
make so great a record; and how noble it
would be, how bright should we make this
page of our history, if we could all be great
enough to put aside every unworthy influence,
and meet truly this great demand of'justice 1 I
say justice ; but it is more than this, for one of
the highest obligations of the Government is
that which binds it to protect the rights of every
person from whom it demands allegiance and
support. We cannot disregard it, and deserve
national welfare and honor. We cannot ac-
cept and make valid any restoration of the
insurgent States which fails to protect the
rights of these people, and either have or
deserve security for anything. We cannot so
violate obligation and defy justice, without
destroying the foundations of the Republic
itself.
Mr. LE BLOND obtained the floor.
CIVIL RIGHTS.
. Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Le Bi,o:;n] consents to yield to me
that I may make a brief statement.-
I presume, Mr. Speaker, that a message from
the Senate communicating the action of that
body on the civil rights bill will be received by
the House on Monday morning. I desire to
state now, for the information of those mem-
bers who are here, and in order that the noti-
fication may go out in the reports of to-day's
proceedings, that on Monday immediately after
the morning hour, if the message shall at that
time have been received, I shall ask the House
to take up that bill, and after the reading of the
veto message, I intend to demand the previous
question, and if possible bring the House at
once to a vote.
Mr. FINCK. I desire to ask the chairman
of the Judiciary Committee [Mr. Wmsox, of
Iowa] whether no discussion will be allowed
on that question. I would like to submit a
few remarks.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. It is not my inten-
tion, Mr. Speaker, to allow any discussion, if
the House will second the previous question.
The bill has already been very thoroughly dis-
cussed.
Mr. FINCK. But events have since trans-
pired which, it seems to me, warrant" at least
some discussion on so important a measure. I
trust the House will on Monday permit some
discussion.
Mr. AYILSON, of Iowa. I only desire to give
notice of the course which I deem it proper to
pursue.
The SPEAKER. No arrangement which
would bind the House can be made at this
time, as to-day has been fixed exclusively for
debate. The gentleman from Iowa gives notice
that he will at the time named call the pre-
vious question, which a majority of the House
can either second or refuse to second, as they
may prefer.
Mr. ELDRTDGE. It seems to me that the
j gentleman from Iowa ought not to insist on
I pushing that bill through without discussion.
! The House, certainly, has not been very indus-
trious during the last two or three weeks.
Almost every day we have adjourned at an
early hour, and the evening- session has almost
invariably been dispensed with. Certainly
there is no necessity for' pushing through a
matter of this kind under the previous ques-
tion. It is absurd that it should be done. It
has not been done in the Senate. Full dis-
cussion has been had there since the bill has
been returned. The bill ought not to be pushed
through in this House undeiwhip and spur.
To do so would be a disgrace to the House.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. That will be a
matter for the House to determine. I intend
to move the previous question. If the House
will support me, we shall take a vote imme-
diately after the reading of the message. If
that will be a disgrace to the House, the House
will take the responsibility of determining
whether to inflict the disgrace upon itself. I
shall make that motion, depending upon a
majority to sustain me.
RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. LE BLOND. Mr. Speaker, the history
of the country for the past four years is too well
known to even justify a recapitulation as pre-
liminary to the remarks I propose to submit.
It is fraught with shame as well as glory, and
may only be recalled to show the consistency
of parties and men upon passing events.
Some gentlemen recur to the bloody past with
apparent feelings of gratification, and recount
the deed#of carnage as if every brave that fell
brought joy but no grief.
I would, if I could, obliterate every event of
the fearful struggle, and leave it a blank in the
history of a great people. It is true that that
period has brought to the surface men who
without it would never have been known ; but
it has swept away a corresponding number who
stood high in the confidence of the American
people. What has been gained upon the one
hand has been lost upon the other.
For the purpose of removing the cause of
irritation that chafes the feelings of one por-
tion of our people, we could well afford to forego
the glory claimed by the other portion as con-
querors. Silence and magnanimity are the
surest safeguards against a recurrence of acts
that have proven unfortunate, whereas the
taunts of the victor feed the spirit of discon-
tent, and fan it into new and more sanguinary
outbreaks. The nation at this time needs such
wise and conciliatory statesmanship as will
establish its unity and restore its original pros-
perity. The task is Herculean, but it can be
done, and well done; not by physical force,
for that has done all that was required, and
perhaps more than was necessary. It met a
similar force, and overcame it; there it should
end and statesmanship begin. Victors may
tyrannize over an inferior and imbecile race, but
not over equals, not over any part of the Amer-
ican people who have been, in days gone by,
associated with them in deeds of valor and acts
of civil polity that have given glory and renown
to the American name. Harsh and oppressive
measures never heal the wounded spirit nor
arouse the attachment that inspires patriotism,
but fosters the rancor and nourishes the bitter
hatred that sooner or later must promote the
very evil against which such measures are aimed.
The Fenian movement is an illustration of
this truth, and furnishes an example for the
statesman and food for the reflecting mind.
From generation to generation this feeling is
handed down, from sire to son, intensified by
its transmission, till time and circumstances
mature such events that the oppressed—■
" W'i!!; v.- i 11 <-<:■-■
Swifter than meditation or the thoughts of love,
Hay sweep to their revenge."
Unity may be thus secured; but it is the
delusive unity of force, the unity that ceases
with the force itself. It is the conqueror's
union ; the union of superior force ; the union
that compels the weak to submit to the strong ;
a union that requires strength, but does not
give it—the union of master and slave. This
is no union laid in the interest or affection of
a whole nation. The people are not vieing
