THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
'portion to your numbers"—which is all right;
that our fathers designed; that they gave; and
under that, the country has gone on prosper-
ously—' ' but if you, in'the exercise of your right,
think proper to exclude from the privilege of
suffrage any portion of the numbers of your
population on aceount of race or color, that
portion is to be taken from the amount of num-
bers which is to regulate the number of your
Representatives; your power in the Govern-
ment is correspondingly to be decreased." It
does more than that. It not only says that if
there be, by State legislation, a distinction on
account of race or color in the exercise of the
elective franchise, not only shall the number
of persons who shall be so excluded from the
franchise be deducted from the number of per-
sons which is to ascertain the number of your
Bepresentatives, but every man, whether en-
titled to vote or not by the laws of the State, of
•whom it may be said that he belongs to a race,
and every man whe somes under the denomina-
tion of color within the limits of the States, is
to be deducted from the enumeration. If, there-
fore, as is done by the State of New York, and
by several States of the Union, a distinction is
made between the right to vote on the part of
tlie colored man and the right to vote on the
jart of the white man in any way by requiring
for the one a qualification not required for the
other, the whole of that population in the State
of New York is to be deducted from the enu-
meration. Under the constitution and laws of
New York, if I am not misinformed, no person
of color can vote in that State who has not a
freehold and an acquired residence. The pos-
session of a freehold estate by the white voter
of New York is not required, and there is, there-
fore, in that State, at this moment, a distinction
between the white and the colored race in the
exercise of the right of franchise; and this resolu-
tion says that if there be any such distinction,
then not only are the number of persons of that
race who may be entitled to vote because they
are freeholders to be deducted from the whole
number of persons in the State, but the entire
number of the race are to be deducted, and New
York loses, or may lose, a portion of her repre-
sentation.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the honorable Senator
at this point allow mo to ask him a question?
Mr. JOHNSON. With pleasure.
Mr. CONNESS. Suppose one of these States,
the State of North Carolina for instance, if this
amendment should be adopted, should enact
that a property qualification should be required
for the exercise of the franchise, not applicable
to the colored people alone, but applicable to
all alike, and such an amount was established
as would lead to the exclusion of a large num-
ber of the colored population necessarily from
the polls, would not that State, notwithstanding
this amendment, be entitled to representa'«on
for its entire population, black and white, inas-
much as the exclusion was not on account of
race or color, but a property qualification ap-
plying universally ? I ask the Senator for in-
formation.
Mr. JOHNSON. Unquestionably; and I
have said nothing that could be construed as
denying that proposition. None are to be
deducted from the number which is to regu-
late the representation except the entire class
against whom some qualification is required
for the exercise of the right of franchise that
is not required of the white race. If the same
qualification is required for both, of course
there is no distinction; and the honorable
member's question therefore is answered, as I
■think he will see by looking at the terms of the
resolution. AY hat I said was, that as the fran-
chise is now regulated in New York, unless she
changes it, either by abolishing the freehold
qualification now demanded, or by requiring a
like qualification upon the part of the white
voter, the whole of the colored population of
New York will be deducted in the estimate.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the honorable Sen-
ator allow me one instant?
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly.
Mr. CO-NNESS. I wish to say that I did
not propound the interrogatory with a view of
questioning the correctness of what the Sena-
tor had stated; but at this point I desired a
discussion by him of the effect of such a statute
in one of these States under this amendment;
and with that view, I put the question.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not object to the in-
terrogatory at all, and I admit in answer to the
interrogatory, that in the case supposed by the
honorable gentleman there would be no de-
duction, they would all be embraced; but if
other States as well as New York admitting the
colored man to vote at all, require a qualifica-
tion which they do not exact of the white man,
then the entire colored men within the limits
of the State are to be deducted from the esti-
mate.
But, Mr. President, there is another ques-
tion, which the Senate will have to meet and
the country will have to meet if this amend-
ment is adopted. How many States in the
Union now admit the colored man to the ex-
ercise of the right of suffrage? Only six. In
every State except Maine, Vermont. New Hamp-
shire, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, there is a
distinction in regard to suffrage on the ground of
color. In Massachusetts, only males of twenty-
one years of age who can read the Constitution
in the English language or write their names,
can vote. lasknothowmanyStatesadmittbem
to the exercise oftheright of franchise by requir-
ing of them a different qualification from that
which they require of the white voter, but how
many of them positively exclude them from the
exercise of the right of franchise? AVe have
thirty-six States in the Union, supposing the
southern States not to be out. Eleven are sup-
posed to be out. Now admit, for the sake of the
argument, that they are to be esteemed as out,
how many of those who are claimed to be in
and who are admitted to be in, whose repre-
sentatives are on this floor, give to the colored
man the right of franchise ? Only six; and
unless the States change their policy—and I am
by no means persuaded they will; on the con-
trary, as far as I have an opinion on the sub-
ject, I believe they will not, and that opinion
is formed upon the occurrences of the time—
if this amendment passes, there is hardly one
of those States that would not lose a Repre-
sentative, or more than one, provided they had
this population among them. They may be
willing—I do not speak of the Senators on this
floor—to adopt an amendment of this kind, be-
cause it will not operate upon them, because it
will not diminish their power. They may be
willing to adopt it because it will operate upon
and will diminish the power of the States in
which the racais to be found.
Let me see. Four or five States are sufficient
for the illustration of the proposition which I
have just stated. I take from the census of
1860 the figures I am about to present. Massa-
chusetts lias a white population of 1,221,901,
and a colored population of only 9,002. New
York has a white population of :!.881,730, and
a colored population of 49,005; Vermont a
white population of 819,889, and a colored pop-
ulation of 700. The State of New Hampshire,
whieh my friend before me [Mr. Clark] rep-
resents with so much ability and so much zeal
and so much usefulness to his State—he is in
favor of this amendment in some form or other
—has a white population of 325,579 and a col-
ored population of 424.
The experiment is quite a safe one for them.
They will not be affected by it injuriously. They
will lose no Representative, but on the contrary
they gain, not in the number of Representatives
perhaps, but they gain in the relative influence
of the Representatives that they will have on the
floor. They will be met, not by the correspond-
ing Representatives of the other States in num-
bers, such as the Constitution of 1789 designed
those other States should have, but they will
be met by Representatives less by one third than
those that our fathers thought should be the
number of Representatives of those States. The
chairs in the other Hall that are placed there
for the purpose of accommodating the Repre-
sentatives of the southern States will be more
or less vacated, and what for? Is it from the
danger of having them filled? Are not the
North and the statesmen of the North equal to
the South and the statesmen of the South on
all subjects that may come before the councils
of the nation ? What is there, looking to the his-
tory of the two sections in the past, which would
lead us to believe that the North is inferior to
the South in anything of intellectual improve-
ment or of statesmanship ? You have proved,
and I thank God you have proved, that if list-
ening to evil counsels, rendered effective per-
haps by your own misjudged legislation, and
by the ill-advised course of your own popula-
tion, exhibited through the press and the pul-
pit, a portion of the South involved the coun-
try in a war, the magnitude of whieh nolanguage
can describe—you have proved yourselves ade-
quate to the duty of defeating them in their
mad and, as far as the letter of the Constitution
is concerned, their traitorous purpose. And
now, having proved your physical manhood, do
you doubt your intellectual manhood? Mr.
President, in the presence in which f speak, I
am restrained from speaking comparatively of
the Senate as it is and the Senate as it has been;
but I can say this with as much sincerity as man
ever spoke, that there isnothing to be foundin the
free States calculated to disparage them prop-
erly in the estimation of the wise and the good.
They are able to conduct the Government, and
they will not be the less able because they have
the advice and the counsels of their southern
brethren.
And yet, applying for illustration to the pop-
ulation of my own State, you will see how the
proposed amendment will operate upon her.
She has a white population of 515,918 and a
coloiedpopulation of 171,181, aboutonc fourth
of the entire number within her territorial lim-
its ; and if she refuses to lot any one black man
vote in point of fact, or refuses it by requiring
a qualification whieh she does not require from
any white man, the whole of the 171.000 are to
be deducted from the estimate. Is that just?
The honorable mem Iter from Massachusetts
thinks it is; and why? Because the declara-
tion of rights proclaims all men equal and en-
titled to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happi-
ness. The honorable member says that not to
give all men the privilege of voting is to leave
Maryland an oligarchy, an aristocracy, a mo-
nopoly, a caste. I say we have been under a
very extraordinary delusion from 1776 to the
present time. We have believed, and the coun-
try has believed with us, that the government
of Maryland was of a republican form. It never
entered into the imagination of the great men
who framed her constitution of 1775, nor of
their great contemporaries who constituted the
Convention of 1789, that there was anything in
the constitution of that State which gave any-
body a right to characterize it as an oligarchy,
an aristocracy, a monopoly , a caste. The hon-
orable member from Massachusetts is the in-
ventor of that proposition.
But if it be right, I ask the Senate why they
do not seek to attain the right directly. Why
endeavor to do it indirectly? If the existing
constitution of Maryland—1 instance Maryland
only for the purpose of illustration—is not
republican, and cannot be republican unless
all the colored people within her limits are en-
titled to vote precisely as the white men within
her limits are entitled to vote, tell her so;
change your Constitution and make it our duty
by your paramount law to place them on the
same footing? But to do that, you must place
your own States in the same condition. Then
Maine is to be deprived of the right of regulat-
ing the suffrage in her State; Now York is to
be deprived of it; and so of all the other States.
If it be right, if no government where a provis-
ion of that sort is not incorporated as one
of its fundamental laws is republican in the
sense of the Constitution of the United States,
then it is consequently right that we should
make it republican by constitutional enact-,
ment. Why do you not do it ? I will not say
because you know it cannot be done; but the
fact is you ought to know that it cannot be ac-
