1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S749
of even foggier reasoning than we have here to
convince a mail of ordinary understanding that
the votes returned from Lincoln hospital should
be excluded for the reason given by the com-
mittee ; and I am not surprised, therefore, that
they occupy two pages of this brief report to
deprive seven soldiers at Lincoln hospital of
their votes. The officers of that hospital held
the election and received, as they were author-
ized by the soldiers' voting act to receive, the
votes of that congressional district. Two of
the voters were from Fayette county, five from
Indianacouiity, and eight, I believe, from West-
moreland county. When the officers had gone
through with the election, they made up the
papers in due form and sent them to the pro-
thonotary of Westmoreland county, because
they could not at the same time send them
also to Indiana and Fayette counties. The
prothonotary of Westmoreland county certifies
to those 15 votes, five from Indiana county,
two from Fayette, and eight from Westmore-
land. The committee say, " We will count
the 8 voles from Westmoreland county; but
inasmuch as the prothonotary of that county
had no right to certify to the votes of the other
two counties, we will not count them."
The committee conclude their very cunning
argument by generously saying:
"But there is another instrument of proof—the
certified transcript of the secretary of the Common-
wealth, who is the lawful depositary of military re-
turns tor every county in the State. This is not pro-
duced in the preseiitcase.andonJyeightoftlievotes
contained in this return can be counted."
Sir, I take issue with the committee on this
point. I say that this certified transcript was
produced. It was presented in this House and
was by the House referred to the committee.
Lot me state the evidence upon which I come
to this conclusion. All these various docu-
ments which were presented, numbering nearly
a hundred I believe, were numbered in reg-
ular order with red ink. The transcript for
Lincoln hospital was numbered sixty-four. All
the numbers up to sixty-three, inclusive, are in
the possession of the committee. No. C4 is
missing. Then we find No. 65, and all the
Others following in regular order.
Mr. PAINE. By whom were they numbered?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I will not say by whom
they were numbered, because I do not know.
But they were all so numbered, and the gen-
tleman will not deny it.
Mr. PAINE. I would like to make a single
statement just here. I think that from the
remark's of the gentleman the House will not
understand the fact correctly.
Mr. SCOFIELL). I am going to make the
House understand it, if the gentleman will give
me a chance. This is an intelligent House,
and the gentleman from Wisconsin must not
think that, he is the only man who can get an
idea into the heads of the members of this
House. [Laughter.] If members will only
give me half the attention they gave the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin, I believe I can make
them understand the matter.
I was stating the evidence upon which I base
my conclusion that this return was referred to
that committee and somehow lost—uninten-
tionally of course. The different records were
found, numbered in regular order up to sixty-
throe ; No. 04 was missing; and then the rec-
ords were found again numbered in regular
order from sixty-five upward. Now, would any
one numbering those records omit No. 64? As
soon as we learned from the gentleman from
Wisconsin, who had the various papers put into
his hands for the purpose of preparing the
report, that No. 04 was wanting, we telegraphed
to the Governor of Pennsylvania, who imme-
diately sent on a duplicate, marking it dupli-
cate' '—showing that another record of the same
kind had been sent before. Here it is with the
broad seal of our good old Commonwealth and
the name of her patriotic Governor upon it.
Here, too, is an affidavit showing the loss of
the first certificate.
I bus the majority of the committee would
deprive of their votes these seven soldiers from
Indiana and Fayette counties, who were de-
tained m Lincoln hospital by sickness; and
the ground upon which the committee would
do this is because the whole return was seift
to Westmoreland county, instead of being
divided and a part sent to Westmoreland, a
part to Indiana, and a part to Fayette—a per-
fect impossibility. Counting these seven votes,
as they justly ogghMo be counted, for the con-
testant, we leave the sitting member with a
majority of one vote according to the report
of the committee.
_ Take next the return from McClellan hos-
pital ; and I am only going to refer to those
returns the rejection of which the gentleman
from Wisconsin seemed to think needed a lit-
tle bolstering up in advance. McClellan hos-
pital gave 3 votes for the contestant; and if
they are allowed, with the 7 from Lincoln hos-
pital and the 7 which the gentleman concedes
should be counted from company A, one hun-
dred and fifty-fifth regiment, the contestant
has a majority of 2.
Now, what is the difficulty in regard to the
vote of McClellan hospital? The majority of
the committee admit that they cannot find any-
thing missing in this case. The return is there;
the poll-book is there; the tally-list is there.
On page 6 of the large book we find all these
facts set forth. "But," say the majority of
the committee, "the certificate of the oaths is
not there. The certificate that the officers who
conducted the election were sworn is not there;
and, although they state that they were duly
sworn, we should have the certificate of the
clerk that the oath was taken, giving the form
of the oath."
But, sir, after looking a great while the com-
mittee, with their extraordinary industry, (to
which I am always ready to testify, although
the gentleman seems to insinuate that I am a
little lazy,) found these oaths on page 380, all
in due form, sworn to by the officers, signed by
the officers, and certified to by the clerk. They
found this at last, and as the gentleman from
Wisconsin says, they found it even without the
aid of the contestant. What now is the diffi-
culty ? They have got all the forms. Why,
they say the certificate of oaths was not at-
tached to the other papers ; that one is on page
380 in the printed book and the other on page
6. That is all. There is the certificate of
oaths signed by the officers of election, certi-
fied by the clerk that it was taken by them, but
in the printed book they are some three hun-
dred pages apart, and the committee want us
to believe that they were never introduced to
each other in the camp.
Now, taking the construction that the com-
mittee have wrongly given to the soldiers' vot-
ing act, blot out that provision of the law of
Pennsylvania that says that no informalities
shall deprive a soldier of his right to vote, and
take the construction that the committee have
taken, and you must still count 17 more votes
for Fuller. Company A, one hundred and fifty-
fifth regiment, cast 7 votes; Lincoln hospital,
7 votes; and McClellan hospital 3 votes, mak-
ing the 17 that should be counted on the com-
mittee's own showing, but which they failed to
count. But the gentleman from Wisconsin
gave us an elaborate argument to justify the
committee, and had the rccord read to show
how many members of the committee they got
—five out of nine, three Republicans and two
Democrats—to justify the exclusion of these
three returns, and then concluded by telling us
that he does not assent to it himself, although
he wrote the report.
I am reminded that there are 6 more votes
that the committee propose to count for Mr.
Dawson in case of necessity. In the report
the}' are held as a kind of reserve, neither
counted nor east out. This will compel me to
examine a few more of the returns favorable
to Mr. Fuller, but rejected by the committee.
The 15 set down as sure are already offset by
the 17 shown to be improperly rejected. To
offset their uncertain 6, I will take Camp Pa-
role, 1 ; battery II, fourth independent artillery,
4: camp in the'field, two hundred and sixth
regiment, 2; and Satterlee hospital, 5. Camp
Parole is rejected for informality, while, in point
of fact, the papers are perfect. Some of them
were printed and are to be found on page 31 of
the second book, and the remainder are on file
with the clcrk of the committee. Battery H
waa rejected because the oaths taken by the
officers were not set out in full, although they •
certify that they were duly sworn and the tally-
papers, list of voters, and returns are all in
proper form on pages 6 and 7 of the second
book. To "camp in the field" there is even
less informality. The oaths here are signed by
the officers, but the formal certificate of the offi-
cer who administered the oaths is wanting. The
fact that the officers took the oath is proved by
their own certificate m the caption of the poll-
book and by their signatures to the form of
oath. These oaths, with the poll-book, list of
voters, tally-papers, and return are to be found
on page 37 of the third book. In Satterlee hos-
pital the papers are all perfect except that the
judges do not sign the form of oath, although
the officers who administered them certify that
they did so, and the judges themselves certify
in the caption of the poll-book that they were
duly sworn. Here then are 12 more votes for
Mr. Fuller to offset the G that the committee
contingently propose to count for Mr. Dawson.
One word before I sit down, going back to
where I began. I have been attempting to
show that these 17 votes should be counted
even upon the committee's wrong construc-
tion of the law. These alone give the contest-
ant 2 majority. If the 6 doubtful Dawson
votes are to be counted, then there are 12 less
doubtful Fuller votes that must be also counted,
giving him 8 majority. If that construction
is to be overruled, as I think it ought to be,
then it will be conceded that Mr. Fuller has
1G majority. The difficulty in the way of the
gentleman from Wisconsin making a full con-
cession in clear and unequivocal language, I
think, is simply this: that he does not want
to admit, even for the sake of argument, that
these were proper returns, because they lacked
the proper forms. But supposing they had the
proper forms—and I have attempted to show
that they have, the committee themselves being
judges—they give Mr. Fuller 2 majority. If
you give vitality at all to the soldiers' voting
law of Pennsylvania, then you must count the
balance of the votes given for both of those
gentlemen, and that gives Mr. Fuller 10 ma-
jority.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Speaker, I have a very little to say on this ques-
tion, but I prefer to say it to-morrow morning,
and I will yield to the gentleman from Cali-
fornia.
LAND TITLES IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. BIDWELL. I move the appointment
of a committee of conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses on Senate bill No.
343, to quiet land titles in California.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORT OF RECONSTRUCTION COMMITTEE.
Mr. LE BLOND. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I find that the report of the joint com-
mittee on reconstruction has been brought into
the House bound, but incomplete. It was or-
dered by the House that the whole report be pub-
lished, together with the testimony. In this vol-
ume I find the miuoiity report is not included.
I understand the order of the House embraced
the minority as well as the majority report. It
may be said that the minority report was not
brought in simultaneously with the majority
report. I grant it. But at the time that the
majority report was presented notice was given
by a member of the committee th at the m in ori ty
report would be submitted in a short time. That
was notice to the House and should have been
notice to the Printer, or to the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
see that this is a question of privilege.
The SPEAKER,. It is, but the gentleman
must condense his remarks.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let it be
