1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2789
30th day of June, in each year, until and including
the year 1870, and no longer; and to anvsum or sums
annually due and unpaid after the 30th of June, as
aforesaid, and for ten days after notice and demand
thereof by the collector, there shall be levied in addi-
tion thereto the sum of ten per cent, on the amount
of duties unpaid, as a penalty, except from the estates
of deceased and insolvent persons.
Mr. GARFIELD. With the consent of the
committee, I desire to offer an amendment to
the previous paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair hears no
objection.
Mr._ GARFIELD. I move to amend by
inserting at the end of ling twenty-five hun-
dred and ninety-six the following;
Provided further, That the list of incomes in the
office of tho assessor and collector shall be open to
the inspection of the public; but neither the assessor
nor collector shall furnish such list or any portion
thereof for publication, nor permit the same to be
copied for publication.
Mr. Chairman, one feature of the internal
revenue law which has made it very odious
indeed in many parts of the country, and per-
haps justly so, is that provision under which
the business of every man has been dragged
into public view through the newspapers. This
has very much disturbed the relations of busi-
ness men toward each other. It has subjected
men's affairs to what no man would willingly
consent to. We all know that the reason why
in the present law facilities were afforded for
the publication of these lists was the apprehen-
sion that there might otherwise be in many
cases a failure to make the proper return of
income. But, sir, it is believed that the same
object can be secured by providing that these
lists shall be open to the inspection of the pub-
lic, so that any man who desires to ascertain
what income return his neighbor has made can
have access to the list, but that the list shall
not be furnished systematically for publication,
and be paraded in the press simply to gratify
public curiosity.
Mr. PRICE. Mr. Chairman, I am inclined
to the opinion that the amendment ought not
to pass, and for the very good reason that in
my mind the publication of the amount given
in by persons upon which they pay income
tax has been increased from the fact that they
knew it would be published. If a man makes
a fair and honest return he has no objection
to its being made known. If he does not
make a fair and honest return then everybody
ought to know it. It is different in allowing
it to be published in the newspapers and in
allowing men to go and see it. Not one man in
five hundred will go into the office to see what
the returns are. It will be poking his nose
into every man's business. If it is in the
newspapers every man will see it. Men will
put in a larger income if they know it is to
be published in the newspapers. An honest
man has no objection to the world seeing what
he does. A dishonest man may not want his
return to be made public.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to strike out the
last word.
Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Iowa is
mistaken when he says an honest man has no
objection to tho public understanding about
his private affairs. Suppose a man has had
serious losses during the year, so that his
income would be smaller than people expect
it to be. Now, he would not want to let that
be known so as to alarm his creditors and
bring them all down upon him when other-
wise he_ would" come out safely. There is no
reason in the world, unless the public inter-
ests require, that the private affairs of indi-
viduals should be brought out and paraded in
the public papers. I admit that some sort of
publicity is necessary to act as a pressure upon
men to bring out their full incomes, but if the
lists are left open for public inspection it will
be an ample pressure upon them. I do not
agree with tho gentleman from Iowa that not
one in five hundred would go to look at the
lists. I know they do go now. If a man
comes up to the county seat he is sure to in-
quire what is the income of his neighbors. I
am satisfied it is all. the publicity necessary to
effect the purpose without having the offensive
feature. I am desirous of making the laws as
efficient as possible without making them odi-
ous. I believe the feature I am now discuss-
ing is unnecessarily odious. I think my amend-
ment will take away that odious feature. I
withdraw the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. HALE. I move to strike out the last
word, simply to say in response to the gentle-
man from Iowa, [Mr. Pkice,] who thinks no
honest man can have any objection to his
affairs being published to the world, it strikes
me there are two classes of honest men who
may have objection to the publication in the
newspapers of their incomes: the one class
being those who have large incomes and the
other those who have not. [Laughter.]
Mr. PRICE. I trust the committee will ob-
serve the argument used for the purpose of
keeping this information out of the papers.
The first class, those who have large incomes,
the gentleman says will object to have them
published in the papers. He does not say
why they will object. We have only his ipse
dixit. He says the other class who have small
incomes will object to it; he does not tell us
why. It is a matter of opinion.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield]
says a man who is in a failing business does
not want the world to know it. If he is in
a failing condition his creditors will know it
without publication in the papers. But that is
an extreme case, and when the gentleman has
to resort to that sort of argument to bolster up
his amendment he has a bad case. If you pass
the amendment you will lose millions of dollars
on that one item. I repeat, that an honest man
has no objection to the world seeing his affairs
at any time. If he is in a bad condition he has
only to make the best of it. If the man is dis-
honest the world should know it.
Mr. HALE, by unanimous consent, withdrew
his amendment to the amendment.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to strike out the
words "nor permit the same to be copied for
publication," so that the amendment shall
simply provide that the officer shall not fur-
nish lists for publication. I would be glad if
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gakfield]
would accept that amendment. It seems that
there is nobody on the other side to-night to
raise the constitutional question. When any-
thing good is to be done, or anything bad is to
be stopped, we always hear from the other side
that it is not constitutional. And I had looked
for some gentleman over there to raise that
question in regard to the amendment offered
by the gentleman from Ohio, to say that all
the proceedings of this Government, except the
secret sessions of the Senate, are public. The
newspapers of the country are the eyes of the
country. And if the editors and their corre-
spondents are to be denied acccssto these rec-
ords.for the purpose of giving them publicity
t-he public can have no real information upon
the subject.
Take a district like the one I have the honor
to represent, two hundred miles in length, with
the office of the assessor at one end of the dis-
trict and the office of the collector at the other.
Mow are the people to know who of their neigh-
bors are returning proper incomes, when their
returns have been given in and sent off one
hundred and fifty or two hundred miles? Are
they all to go that distance and examine the
records, for the purpose of ascertaining whether
their neighbors are cheating the Government
and compelling them to pay too much? Or
are their neighbors who wish to guard them in
the same respect to travel two hundred miles
to look over the records? Let the editor
who resides in the town where the assessor has
his office, send his clerk if he chooses or go
himself and copy from the records. That I
think is constitutional; it is free speech and
nothing else.
Now, if the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gar-
field] wants to place a padlock on the records,
I warrant you that every wealthy man in the
House will vote with him on this subject. If
tho gentleman wants to put a padlock on the
return which the wealthy man makes, so that
the poor man shall not see it, though the bur-
den will fall upon him if the rich man does not
pay his full share, then let him say so. But if
he is willing that the public, if they go to the
trouble to have it copied, shall have this record
published, then I hope he will accept my amend-
ment to his amendment, as it will still leave all
of his amendment that is valuable, and will
give the public an opportunity to know what is
going on.
Mr. MORRILL. There are just two poli-
cies to be adopted in this matter: one is ta
provide that these lists shall not be published
m the newspapers; the other is to allow them
to be so published. If the amendment of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield]
prevails, of course these lists are to be pub-
lished as they have been hitherto. I think
there have been few instances, when they have
been heretofore published, that the collector
or the assessor has been at the trouble and
labor of furnishing a copy of the list. But the
officer has permitted the newspaper reporter
to take a copy. I must say that I feel some-
what indifferent in regard to this subject. But
the argument upon the question has not been
fully stated. There is no question that the
publication of these lists has a tendency to in-
crease the revenue. But is is an inconven-
ience, and causes a great deal sf complaint, not
only among the wealthy, but among those who
have moderate incomes. If a man has been
doing a disastrous business, either in a mer-
cantile or a manufacturing line of business, he
does not quite like to have the fact immedi-
ately published to the world. If, on the con-
trary, he has been doing a very prosperous
business, he does not like to have that fact
published, because it might lead to serious
competition.
Now, if we are to have any change at all, it
should go at least as far as the amendment
proposed by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Garfield. ] If we are to have no change, then
we can vote down the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Ohio or adopt the amendment
proposed to that amendment by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scofield.]
The question was upon the amendment to
the amendment, to strike out the words "nor
permit the same to be copied for publication."
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Garfield's
amendment.
Mr. SPALDING. Is it in order to move
to amend the amendment by striking out
"neither" and "nor" and inserting "either"
and "or" in lieu thereof?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
_ Mr. SPALDING. Then I make that mo-
tion.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. SLOAN. I move to amend by insert-
ing the words "but shall not prevent the same
from being copied for publication."
The question was put; and there were—ayes
30, noes 45 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. SLOAN. I withdraw the amendment
to the amendment.
The question recurred on Mr. Garfield's
amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Garfield
and Spaldixg were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes fifty-six, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BERGEN. I move to insert at the end
of the paragraph the following:
No passport shall ho issued from the State Deport-
ment, or by any minister, ehargfi, or consul, to any
person unless ho produces *ie receipt or other suffi-
cient proof thereof fur the payment of ail income
taxes imposed upon him from 1862 to the date of his
application. Nor shall any passport be renewed or
viseed by any minister, charge, or consul abroad,
unless the same condition be complied with.
Mr. MORRILL. I make the point of order
that that amendment has once been offered
and voted down.
