1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1829
with each other for the common good. One
part is struggling to neutralize the efforts of the
other. Neither concord, strength, nor pros-
perity are thus promoted. A people who have
enjoyed the blessings of a free government, and
know its advantages, cannot 'and will not long
submit to the domination of the oppressor.
"Equal and exact justice to all men" has
ever been a cardinal principle in this Govern-
ment, and one in which the people of all sec-
tions have been too thoroughly taught to tamely
submit to injustice.
The people thus taught-will never he content
with fewer privileges than their neighbors, and
the wise statesman will see that no invidious
distinction is drawn between different sections
or different classes of the same people in one
common country.
But it is claimed by many, too many, that
war justifies radical and permanent changes in
our social and political system. Constitutions
are suspended, if not destroyed; laws are but
cobwebs ; and great fundamental truths are,
pending and after the "war, mere fictions.
For instance, a grave Senator, [Mr. Sum-
ner,] who is the acknowledged leader of the
present revolutionary party, and has attained
that eminence by offering more revolutionary
measures, and saying more for the colored man
.and less for the white man than any of his
party, in a speech delivered in the Senate,
asserted that "whatever was necessary to pre-
serve the Government was constitutional."
An infraction of the Constitution for the sake
of the Union may be excusable on the ground
of devotion ; but he who would violate that
instrument and claim the breach itself to be
constitutional, is either a fanatic or a madman,
and in either case a dangerous leader and a
much worse constitutional lawyer. The same
idea has been advanced upon this floor, and
with great apparent sincerity, by one of my
colleagues, [Mr. Garfield.] But this maybe
accounted for by the fact that the versatile
gentleman in question made a speciality of the
"higher'law" in his younger days, and has since
divided his time between martial law and poli-
ties ; consequently lie is not expected to be very
proficient in municipal or constitutional law.
If this doctrine should attain in this Govern-
ment, life, liberty, and property could have no
guarantees for the future, and the whole form
and theory of our political system would be as
changeable as the seasons. What would be
constitutional to-day would be unconstitutional
to-morrow, if the party in power but will it.
It is iu fact a substitution of the will of an
irresponsible majority for the written Consti-
tution. x
I have alluded to this marvelous doctrine,
not that I have any fears that the American
people in time of profound peace will ever
indorse it, but as a specimen of the many here-
sies of the day urged upon the people for sinis-
ter and party purposes.
But if this were the only heresy emanating
from high and responsible sources, it might be
treated with indifference and passed over as an
idiosyncrasy; but, sir, they have become too
numerous and of too uniform a tendeney to go
unnoticed by the American people. They tend
to disunion and, worse than disunion, a total
overthrow of our system of government.
The time is most opportune to give success
to such monstrosities. We are just emerging
from a most fearful and sanguinary struggle for
nationality, which has left the public mind in a
chaotic state with regard to the many new issues
constantly arising; and gentlemen here, instead
of being actuated by a high sense of duty to the
Union and the whole Union, seem to forget
that there is anything more of the Union than
is represented here upon this floor, and that
there is a higher and more binding allegiance
than their allegiance to party ; other duties to
perform than those for purely partisan ends.
While upon this subject let me recur to the
able speech of the great head center of radical-
ism in this House, made in the Tliirty-.Eighth
Congress, where he says:
" .According to 1115' judgment they ought nover to be
recognized as capable of acting in the Union, or being
counted as valid States, until tlio Constitution shall
have been so amended as to secure perpetual ascend-
ency to the party of the Union." « •« *  
"If they should grant the right of suffrage to persons
of color I think there would always be Union white
men enough in the South, aided by the blacks, to
divide the representation and tints continue tho Re-
publican ascendency."
However much I may differ with the honor-
able gentleman in his revolutionary schemes,
I cannot but admire his boldness (as I admire
that of Catiline) in asserting his doctrines. He
adheres to his party with a zeal worthy of a bet-
ter cause. Party is the Alpha and Omega with
him, and all things else are but secondary con-
siderations.
Let us look at some of the doctrines enun-
ciated by this gentleman, and follow them to
their logical conclusions. O11 the 10th of March,
in his great " hoax" speech, he says:
" I argued from this state of facts that the people
and States within thcjnrisdidion of the confederate
government had severed thcirloimercunuecliou with
the United States, and broken the ties which bound
them together, not justly or legally, but in fact; that
the United States had conquered tins loruiidablot
power, and as their conqueror had a right to dispose*
of them as they deemed for their own interest, always
duly regarding tho law of nations."
And in support of this theory he cites Vattel
as follows:
"Civil war breaks tho bands of society and govern-
ment." * " * "They stand precisely
in the same predicament as two nations who engage
in a contcst." _i" "The State is
dissolved, and tlie war between the two parties stands
on the same ground in every respect as a war between
different nations."
And then says :
"Now, sir, this, without multiplying authorities,
makes out my main substantive proposition, from
which all the others arc corollaries."
He holds tho connection of the southern
States with the Union is severed, and that they
are of necessity out of the Union; that they
are subjugated provinces, and the conqueror
may dispose of their territory and people as
may be deemed proper; in short, that they
have become Territories, and are to be treated
as such, lequii ingau enabling act to biing them
again in the Union as States.
Now, Ictus see if lie has sustained his "sub-
stantive proposition from which all the others
are corollaries."
They all hinge upon the correctness or fallacy
of his proposition, and if he fails upon this
proposition all the others lull to the ground,
of course, mid it is useless to follow up his
theory further.
I call tho attention of the gentleman to the
point. I deny that Vattel has laid down the
doctrine in the sense in which the gentleman
lias quoted him. Vattel uses the following
language :
"A civil war breaks the bauds of society and gov-
ernment, or at leaf t suspends their ioree and efleet;
it pioduees in the nation two independent pal ties,
who consider each otli eras enemies, anil acknowledge
no common j ml ire. These two paitiev must theretore
he oonsideied as thenceforward constituting, at least
for a time, two separn te bodies: two distinct societies.
They stand, tiieictore, in precisely the same predica-
ment a* two nations who engage in a contest, and
being unable to come to an agreement, have recourse
to arms."
It will be observed that the gentleman has
only quoted so much as in his judgment would
make out his "substantive proposition," and
omitted the balance. Why he has done so is
too apparent. If he had quoted the paragraph
in full the public would see that Vattel held
that the bands of society were either broken or
suspended for a time.
If suspended, then our position is vindicated;
but if broken, then his "substantive proposi-
tion" is sustained, and the point is gained upon
which he can defend his vicious and revolu-
tionary measures, if international law is at all
applicable where you have a written constitu-
tion that is supreme.
Nowhere has Vattel asserted that civil war
absolutely dissolves the relation of the rebel-
lious States to the Federal Union. The rela-
tions are only suspended " for a time,'' and so
soon as the cause of the suspension is removed
the former relations at once attach. (And in
this connection, let me say that Vattel died
long before this Government was formed, and
his law can only apply where there is no writ-
ten constitution in conflict with it.)
Such is the theory of the Constitution and
such the declared policy of the Government at
tho beginning of the war and during its contin-
uance. The Constitution and laws follow our
flag throughout the length and breadth of our
domain, and as the contendin«; hosts are driven
back the Constitution with all its guarantees
gives protection to the person, property, and
rights ef the non-combatants within our lines.
This theory is correct, just, and humane, and
its effect most salutary. It preserves intact the
unity of the States; it protects the liberty and
property of the citizcn wherever found; it en-
courages love of our institutions, and does away
with the complication and injustice consequent
upon the theory of " dead States."
By the theory of the gentleman, if a bare
majority of the people of a State, should re-
solve to resist the Federal authority, and
should resist it but for one day only, or even
an hour, that State whose people thus resisted
would be out of the Union or dead, and-could
not again be rccognized as a State in the Union,
till an enabling act was passed by Congress,
giving it vitality.
The idea that a mere attempt to revolution-
ize should forever destroy the preexisting rela-
tions of the States is hardly worthy of serious
consideration.
And what is worse than all is that this loyal
minority, which hicks but one of being a ma-
jority, should be taxed without representation,
and legislated for without a voice in the laws
they are required to obey.
Kir. Speaker, it would lie an easy task to
prove by the "boys in blue," by men of all
parties, by congressional enactment, that tho
sole object of the war was to preserve the
Union and not to destrvit; to enforce the
laws, and not to abrogate them ; to protect and
defend the lo^al, and not to subjugate them.
It was to prevent the people of those States
from doing what we are now told has been
done—from destroying the Union.
Two years ago, a man who had the boldness
to assert the right of a Stale to withdraw from
tho Federal Union, would have been denounced
by the whole abolition phalanx as a trader to
his country. To even denounce the policy of
the late President was constructive treason;
but now men can denounce the present Chief
Executive as a traitor and a sympathizer with
Davis, and even hold out inducements for his
assassination, and that is loyalty to the Union.
Who, sir, does not remember tho day when
my then colleague (Mr. Long) made bis speech
upon this floor in favor of the right of the States
to withdraw from the Union, and in condem-
nation of the, policy of the Administration?
It was a scene long to be remembered. Our
honorable Speaker with eager haste left his
high position and came upon the lloor for the
purpose of preferring charges against my col-
league, and demanded his expulsion from this
Hall. And the House, I will not say with
indecent haste, but with unusual haste began
his trial, which ended in bis censure.
What more, 1 ask, was claimed by my col-
league as a right than is now asserted as an
existing fact by those who were foremost, in his
censure? What a change has como over the
spirit of their dreams.
'fhc insurrection is put down; the suprem-
acy of the Federal authority is vindicated in
every part of the territory in rebellion; tho
military power of the revolted race is over-
thrown ; the hostile armies are disbanded,
and their arms arc in the bands of the victors;
their soldiers have scattered to their homes,
and are engaged iu the peaceful avocations
°f W'e- . ,
Tho confederate government faded away with
the dissolving armies, and each constituent
State is now organized under Federal author-
ity, and in full exercise of its functions as a
State. They have elected their Senators and
Representatives to Congress under Federal !awr,
and are here now knocking at the door for
