1830
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
admission. They are met at the threshold
by the distinguished gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, and told, ''No, no; you are from dead
States—from Territories which are not entitled
to representation till, we giv„e them life. You
have torn your constitutional States into atoms,
and built on their ruins fabrics of a totally dif-
ferent character. Dead men cannot raise
themselves; dead States cannot restore their
own existence as it was.''
Mr. Speaker, imagine Hon. Mr. Stokes, of
Tennessee, who periled his life in defense of
the Union, with his colleagues, all of whom
were elected under the Constitution and laws
of the United States, approaching the main
entrance to this Hall, whore they are met by
Mr. Stevens, at the head of the Shellabargers,
Ashleys, Conklings, and all the New England
delegation, and denied admission.
'"But," they say, "we are loyal, and have
been elected by the qualified electors of our
State, and are entitled to our seats under the
Constitution."
Our venerable friend replies that there is no
such State in this Union.
"What has become of it?"
It is dead—dead by the attempt to secede,
as my Vattel says."
" But we were told that the war was to pre-
serve the Union and enforce the laws; and
Mr. Lincoln said:
" 'Lest there should be some uneasiness in the minds
of candid men as to what is to be the course of the
Government toward the southern States after the
rebellion shall have been suppressed, the Executive
deems it proper to say it will be his purpose then, as
ever, to be guided by the Constitution and laws.' *
* * * ' He desires to preserve the government
that it may be administered for all as it was admin-
istered by the men who made it. Loval citizens every-
where have a right to claim this of the Government,
and the Government has no right to withhold or
neglect it.'
"And we believed him, and fought under
the stars and stripes for that purpose."
"The war is now over, and things have
changed since then."
"But not to change our rights, and we will
enter.''
"Back, back! You are alien enemies, and
have no rights."
"Then all our devotion to the Union but
makes us alien enemies; and the loss of blood
and treasure to save the Union is useless waste."
" Be quiet, gentlemen, be quiet. We can only
' thus continue the Republican ascendency.' "
This colloquy, Mr. Speaker, is but a reca-
pitulation of what has already transpired, and
yet the chief actors in this scene claim to be
loyal, and stigmatize those who are for the
Union, and the whole Union, as sympathizers
with rebels—disunionists. What, sir, is more
ridiculous, what more unjust, what more anti-
American? Judge, soldiers, for what you
fought—union or disunion.
Mr. Speaker, I now propose to show that
the true theory upon this subject is not to be
found in attei or any other author upon inter-
national law, butin that great American author-
ity, the Constitution, which is paramount to all
law. It is the rock upon which our Govern-
ment rests, and the Government is a model
without a parallel. Mr. Madison has truly said
that—
. "The compound Government of the United States
is without a model, and to be explained by itself, not
by similitudes or analogies."
In that instrument is found the power of
preservation of the Government, without doing
violence to a single State, or resorting to inter-
national law.
I maintain now, as" in a former speech upon
this floor, that a State once in this Union is
always in except by successful revolution. And
when I assert that as a fundamental principle
in our Government, I only reiterate what was
the almost unquestioned doctrine of Congress
and the people of the adhering States. I am
aware that the people of the rebellious States,
together with the abolitionists of the North,
claimed the right of nullification and secession ;
but tlieunanimity with which the North resisted
the attempt must forever settle that question.
If our organic law had not provided a remedy
whereby an insurrection or rebellion might be
put down and theunity of the States preserved,
then I admit that we would have to resort to the
publicists to determine how far revolution af-
fected the relation of the State to the Federal
Government. Wo need not look further than
the Constitution to find ample power vested in
the Federal Government to repel invasion, for-
eign or domestic, and to suppress insurrection
or rebellion. Section eight, article one, pro-
vides that Congress shall have power "to raise
and support armies," and "to provide and
maintain a navy."
Under this power we raise our standing Army
and maintain our Navy, among other things, to
repel foreign invasion and protect our com-
merce on the high seas. This power is all that
is necessary in ordinary times and upon ordi-
nary occasions. But in the same article and
section is to be found this further grant: "Con-
gress shall have power to provide for calling
forth the militia to execute the laws of the
Union, suppress insurrection, and repel inva-
sion." This is a power ceded by the States to
the Federal Government for the purpose of
enabling it to enforce and execute its laws over
thepeopleof eachand every State of the Union,
to suppress insurrection whenever and wherever
it might arise, and to repel invasion from what-
ever source it might come. I hope it will not
be thought discourteous in me or in any man-
ner reflecting upon the wisdom of this House,
to say that the framers of that Constitution
evinced more wisdom and foresight than is justly
attributable to this House. They foresaw the
events we have just passed through nearly three
quarters of a century in advance, and clothed
Congress and the Federal head with ample and
complete power to suppress the most gigantic
insurrection known to the civilized world. If
this grant of power means anything it is that
the status of the States in the Federal Union
shall forever be preserved. And this extensive
power is given to compel submission by the
people of the States to the Constitution and
laws. This provision has direct reference to
the States ; for no one will contend that the
people of one Government can rebel against
another.
And this power, above all others, is the most
essential to preserve our nationality ; for with-
out it there is no warrant to enforce the laws
over any State or part of a State where they
refuse to obey. It is in fact the cohesive power
of the Government.
But, sir, while you find ample power to create,
protect, and preserve a Stale, there is none to
destroy or unmake, and he who searches will
search in vain. You will also find that States
are created out of Territories; but Territories
out of States, never.
We see, too, that the Constitution contem-
plates the possibility of rebellion or insurrec-
tion, but nowhere is it provided that thereby
the State whose people are in rebellion shall
lose its identity as a State in the Union and
become -a Territory. Such a provision would
have defeated the plain intent and object of the
Constitution, the purpose for which the States
united themselves and delegated this authority
to keep them together as a family, as a nation,
by which we are destined to become great
among the nations of the earth, and without
which we would be weak and contemptible. If
this is not the object of that provision of the
Constitution, then this power is worse than
useless.
Mr. Speaker, as another argument that the
rebellious States are out of the Union, and the
people thereof not entitled to representation,
it is said that belligerent rights were accorded
to them.
Now, sir, the Constitution being silent upon
this subject, such a measure would be dictated
by humanity itself in order to soften the hor-
rors of war, which are in their mildest form
appalling. In this connection it is only to be
regretted that we had then and still have at
the head of the War Department a Nero, who,
cruel as the dogs of Corinth, gorged upon
human flesh and gore; who refused to cany
out the cartel and save the lives of the thou-
sands and tens of thousands who were perish-
ing at Andersonville.
At all times during the war it was the de-
clared policy of the Government that it waged
no war of conquest or subjugation ; that its
sole object was the maintenance of the Union,
the preservation of the Constitution, and the
enforcement of the laws. So said Congress ;
so said Mr. Lincoln in his messages and proc-
lamations ; and so said the present Chief
Executive on the 13th June, in his proclama-
tion-declaring the insurrection in the State of
Tennessee to be ended. And again, in his
proclamation of the 2d April, 1866, where he
says:
"And whereas the House of Representatives, on th e
22d day of July, 1861, adopted a resolution in words
following, namely:
"Resolved, by the House of Representatives of the
Congress of the United States, That the present de-
plorable civil war has been forced upon the coun-
try by the disunionists of the southern States, now
in revolt against the constitutional Government, and
in arms around the Capitol; that in this national
emergency Congress, banishing all feelings of mere
passion or resentment, will recollect only its duty to
the whole country; that this war is not waged on
our part in any spirit of oppression, nor for any pur-
pose of conquest or subjugation, nor purpose of over-
throwing or interferingwith the rights or established
institutions of those States, but to maintain and de-
fend the supremacy of the Constitution; and to pre-
serve the Union with all its dignity, equality, and
rights of the several States unimpaired; and that as
soon as those objects are accomplished, thewar ought
to cease.
"And whereas the Senate of the United States, on
the 25th day of July, 1861, adopted a resolution in tho
words following, to wit:
Resolved, That the present deplorable civil war
has been forced upon the country by the disunionists
of the southern States, now in revolt against Uncon-
stitutional Government, and in arms around the Cap-
itol; that in this national emergency, Congress, ban-
ishing all feeling of mere passion or resentment, will
recollect only its duty to the whole country; thatthis
war is not prosecuted on our part in any spirit of op-
pression, nor for any purpose of conquest or subjuga-
tion, nor purpose of overthrowing or interfering with
the rights or established institutions of those States,
but to defend and maintain tho supremacy of the
Constitution and all laws made in pursuance thereof,
and to preserve the Union with all tho dignity, equal-
ity, and rights of the.several States unimpaired; that
as soon as these objects are accomplished the war
ought to cease.'
"And whereas these resolutions, thoughnot joint or
concurrent in form, are substantially identical, and
as such may bo regarded as having expressed thesense
of Congress upon the subject to which they relate:
"Andwhereas by my proclamation of the 13th day
of June last the insurrection in the State of Tennes-
see was declared to have been suppressed, the au-
thority ofthe United States therein to be undisputed,
and such United States officers as had beenduly com-
missioned to bo in the undisputed exercise of their
official functions': and whereas there now exists no
organized armed resistance of misguided citizens or
others to the authority of the United States, in tho
States of Georgia, South Carolina, Virginia, North
Carolina, Tennessee, Alabama, Louisiana, Arkansas,
Mississippi, and Florida, and tho laws can be sus-
tained. and enforced therein by the pioper civil
authority, State or Federal, and the people of said
States are well and loyally disposed, and have con-
formed or will conform in their legislation to the
condition of affairs growing out of the amendment to
the Constitution of the United States prohibiting
slavery within the limits and jurisdiction of the Uni-
ted States; andwhereas, in view of the before recited
premises, it is the manifest determination of the
American people that no State, of its own will, has
the right or the power to go out of, or separate itself
from, or be separated from the American Union, and
that therefore each State ought, to rerun in and con-
stitute an integral part of the United States."
Both Mr. Lincoln and Mr. Johnson have at
all times been uniform in their messages and
proclamations in treatingthose States as States
in the Union, and the people only in revolt.
They have at all times considered the war as
being waged for the sole porpose of putting
down the rebellion and enforcing the laws.
This idea pervaded every department of Gov-
ernment up to a very recent period, and none
understood it more perfectly than the Army
and Navy, with their Commander-in-Chief, the
President. Every battle fought, every city
taken, was for that purpose and no other.
Grant, Sherman,Thomas, and Farragut, speak-
ing in the name and by the authority of the
Commander-in-Chief, everywhere asserted it;
but none more eloquently, accurately, and con-
stitutionally than did the gallant Farragut in
his demand for the surrender of New Orleans,
addressed to the mayor of that city, as follows:
" I cams here to reduce New Orleans to obedience
