1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1831
to the laws, and to vindioatetho offended majesty of
tho Governmen t. The rights of persons and property
shall be secured. I therefore demand tho unqualified
surrender of the city, and that the emblem of sov-
ereignty of theUnited States be hoisted upontheeity
hall, mint, and custom-house, by meridian this day,
and all emblems of sovereignty other than those of
the united States must be removed from all public
buildings from that hour."
The Army carried out in good faith what had
been the declared policy of the Government
and the American people, and what alone could
be their mission under the Constitution and
laws of Congress. Congress passed sundry
laws and resolutions defini-ng the status of the
States and the attitude of the General Govern-
ment ; and in none have they treated the States
as out of the Union, or the inhabitants as alien
enemies. The very first act passed which
authorized the President to proclaim rebellion
treated the States as States m the Union:
" Then and in such case it may and shall be lawful
for the President by pioclamatiou todeclaro that tile
inhabitants of stich State or States, or any section or
part thereof where such insurrection exists, are in a
state of insurrection against the United States, and
thereupon all commercial intercourse by and between
the same and the citizcns thereof, and the citizens of
the restof the United States, shall cease and be unlaw-
ful, so long as such condition of hostility shall con-
tinue."
The act of June 7, 1862, which provides for
the purchasing of lands sold for taxes in insur-
rectionary districts, uses this language:
"Until the said rebellion and insurrection in said
State shall be put down, and the civil authority of the
United States established, and until the people of
said State shall elect a Legislature and State ofiicers,
who shall take an oath to support the Constitution
of tho United States, to be announced by the procla-
mation of the President."
By the act of March, 1862. apportioning
Representatives among the several States, the
southern States are treated precisely as the
northern States, having each its due share of
representation allotted to it. And these prece-
dents may bo multiplied to an indefinite extent.
Till the present session of Congress assembled,
after the rebellion vanished, all our legislation
looked to but one result, the restoration of the
Union as it was.
But, sir, why argue these propositions ? They
are among the cardinal principles of this Gov-
ernment, thoroughly understood, and always
carried out, except when personal interest, par-
tisan feeling, or spoils of office intervene.
While the booming of hostile guns rattled
the windows of the very Capitol, and the dome
itself trembled at
" Tho muffled tread of thousands,"
none could be found on that side of the House
who was not willing to sacrifice even the Con-
stitution to preserve the Union, enforce tho
laws, and restore peace and tranquility. But
now, when the dread legions of the South are
driven back, decimated and crushed, when the
clash of arms echoes faintly through the vista
of time, now, when the triumph of the Union
is complete for the first time, the doctrine of
dead States, dissevered Union, alien enemies,
subjugated provinces, and enabling acts is
gravely advanced and considered. Vattel,
Grotius, and Rutherford have hitherto been
but ornaments to the well-furnished law library,
or used only to teach the student the princi-
ples that govern separate nations in their
intercourse.
But now these primitive authorities are
brought forward and perverted to displace and
overthrow the organic law of the land, the
fundamental principles of the Government^
And where these authors, misquoted, mis-
construed, and misapplied, fail to furnish a
pretext, and where the violation of the Consti-
tution is too flagrant, you can seethe Jacobins
vieing with each other to gain the Speaker's
recognition, to introduce some constitutional
amendment deifying the negro at the expense
of the white man. This spirit has already
brought before the American Congress upwards
of thirty-seven proposed constitutional amend-
ments, and quite as many bills, all tending to
the same end, and yet they come.
Where shall this Jacobinism cease? When
shall party fealty yield to country and consti-
tutional liberty? Time, the great disposer of
events, a wise, just, and magnanimous people,
and an overruling Providence must determine.
FINANCIAL POLICY OF THE COUNTRY.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
in the presence of the many distinguished states-
metiof this House, restricted by necessary rules,
which with slight exception limit the right to
this floor to the chairmen of committees, in the
facfi of the momentous issues before us and the
urgent reasons for the prompt action of Con-
gress, I have with tho ayes and noes endeav-
ored to perform my part of our mission ; al-
though at times restive, necessity has schooled
me to "bear the bit" without breaking the
reins! And now, if no other result follows, I
shall feel that I have done my duty by express-
ing very briefly and hastily a lew remarks upon
the financial policy of the Government.
The bill which is still before Congress, and
which will again come before us for final action,
is less objectionable than when it first demanded
our consideration. We owe a national debt,
which, with the sums to bo added, to equal-
ize bounties to soldiers, amounts to near
$3,000,000,000; about one third bearing coin
interest, and the remaining two thirds bearing
currency interest, except to the amount of
about. $425,000,Q00 currency, bearing little
or no interest. It proposed, first, to borrow
in Europe gold, giving bonds payable, princi-
pal and interest, in tho money of tho country
where borrowed, and pay and retire our cur-
rency, bonds and greenbacks; to give power
to the Secretary of the Treasury to sell bonds
in such quantities and iipon such terms as he
might determine, and to destroy the national
currency at his pleasure.
I shall not comment upon the evident impol-
icy of increasing our debt to foreign countries,
(hereby increasing the demands upon us for
gold, and the balance of trade against us ;
nor of substituting gold bonds, payable in
Europe, for the bonds held by our own people,
payable'in the lawful money of the United
States, and contracted by the medium of the
same kind of money. Neither by foreign
loans, nor by giving gold-bearing bonds for
currency-bearing bonds, nor by the contract-
ing of the quantity of national currency or
national bank currency, can we reach the goal
of specie payments.
We are reminded that early in this session
we resolved in favor of a return to spccie pay-
ments, and that as the Treasury bill proposes
this result it demands our support.
li'or myself, I have never for a moment
doubted the propriety of the proposed end; but
I do dissent from the oft-repeated opinion—
which is the basis of the bill before Congress
—that we can reach specie payments only by a
contraction of the currency. The proposed
measure will not diminish our national debt,
but will increase both the principal and the
interest; by it wo exchange a domestic for a for-
eign creditor, and the gold we borrow abroad
will soon lind its owner to whom it will speed-
ily return in payment of interest and importa-
tions, stimulated by the means to buy, increas-
ing our embarrassments and ending in national
exhaustion, if not bankruptcy. We must de-
pend for the golden era, not upon foreign
loans, but upon the productive resources of our
country. To our fertile lands, our rich mines,
our flowing oil wells, our manufactures, and our
people, with the aid of a uniform national cur-
rency and a free Government, we may look with
full confidence for that produced wealth which
in a very short period will make specie pay-
ments not only possible but inevitable. Until
these great sources of wealth shall have time
to work the desired results no legislation can
achieve the great object.
Neither nation nor individual can extinguish
debts by borrowing. And while the sure pro-
cess of recuperation is marching to the certain
result, the greenbacks and the bonds of the
nation, indorsed by a faithful people, resting
upon the firm foundation of national faith and
wealth, will be estimated equal to gold long
before even the result is accomplished by the
reproduced wealth that sh&ll equal the amount
of our debt. Demonstrate by economical and
patriotic legislation that our means shall not
be squandered; that our glorious and blood-
bought institutions shall be preserved ; keep
faith with our obligations; and specie will
come hero and beg for your bonds and your
greenbacks at par. Unless the amount of our
debt is disproportioned to our ability to pay it,
the volume or amount of it is not the standard
of value or its relation to gold. To-day the
greenback currency is at a par or very near at
par with our five-twenty gold-bearing bonds ;
by this we know that our currency is not redun-
dant .nor worthless, and that the currency is
estimated by tho same standard with the bonds.
The ability of the nation to pay, and not the
quantity or volume, is the rule of value.
The very distinguished gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Boutwjju,] uttered, in the
debate upon this bill, the key-note of the
subject when he said in substance, as I under-
stood him, that a certain relation in amount
and value of portable property must be estab-
lished or exist between us and foreign coun-
tries to bring us to the era of specie payments.
Political considerations weigh heavily for or
against the value of our outstanding obliga-
tions, because they enter into the question of
our national ability. Tho superficial observer
can see, and tho closer the scrutiny the clearer
will bo the proof, that the relations of our
national paper to gold throughout the entire
period of our late war have changed with the
fortunes of the field ; from the dark hours of
disaster, when gold was 240 or more, to the
more hopeful present, their value has "kept
step with the music of the Union."
Emerging from an exhausting war of un-
paralleled magnitude and cost, in which we
have expended more than ijii,000,000,000,
with a national life endeared to us by the pre-
cious blood poured out to save it, we find our-
selves scheming to banish tho national cur-
rency that has been the sinew of war that bore
us up through the struggle ! Sir, I confess to a
feeling of love, of almost reverence for green-
backs! When our Treasurer struck with tho
hand of necessity the rock of public faith, they
invigorated us with a needed supply of money.
They are hallowed by the cause they have served,
and sprinkled with tho blood of many a brave
soldier. My heart will cease to beat when itdoes
not love the greenbacks ! Stamped by the dies
of a nation's faith, by no word or deed of
mine shall they be dishonored, nor will I ever
consent to give tho place they occupy in the
affectionate respect of our people to the hybrid
of national bank notes. I beg no pardon of
any bankers for this preference!
The legal tenders have furnished to the
country the long-desired uniform national cur-
rency, adequate to tho wants of a numerous
people engaged in active business. Many mil-
lions of currency have been destroyed yearly
by accidents, by fire and flood; where that loss
fell upon the citizen it lias ^ been the gain of
the bankers, and by this, with millions^ more
received from interest upon their bills in past
days, has been one of the most popular methods
for extracting wealth from the toiling thousands.
Within four years we have saved to our people,
in interest and shrinkage diverted from the
banks to the Treasury, more than $100,000,000.
This is a guess, but if faulty it is too low an
estimate.
It is the policy of the money-changers to
retire the greenback currency. Do it or author-
ize it, and there are so many millions a prize
for success in the plan that it will be done.
That privileged class swarm about your Treas-
ury, and with pompous pretensions speak like
Sir Oracle of financial policy. Retire reliable
money and restore the rag reign, bills of irre-
sponsible banks. Slate or national, and some,
if not all, the losses by discount and deprecia-
tion, more than one hundred million dollars
per year, will again be our lot. Tho tables of
