1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2791
care of and support not only himself but the
entire family, is, in my opinion, of very ques-
tionable propriety. But there is another class
of persons liable to taxation under this section
whose claim to exemption is at least as strong
as that of the wife and mother, and much stronger
than that of the husband and father; I refer to
the minor children of a deceased party. I have
been troubled in my own mind to find anyrea-
son which will justify the exemption of the
father while the property of the children is sub-
jected to taxation. It appears to me a suffi-
cient calamity for a child of that age to be de-
prived of a parent without being subjected to
^taxation by the Government for the privilege
of becoming an orphan. I think I am justified
in saying that in a large majority of cases where
the father dies the children are left with a prop-
erty insufficient to provide for their education
and for their support until they attain thoperiod
of their majority. I do not speak of estates
where the parent dies insolvent, but where
small estates, amounting to from $1,000 to
$5,000, are left for distribution between the
widow and the children. Where no will is
made, the widow generally receives one third,
while the remainder is equally divided among
the children. The portion belonging to the
minor children passes into the hands of trus-
tees, executors, or guardians, the pay for whose
services comes out of the children's share of
the estate.
Now, sir, if there is a class of persons in the
community who have a stronger claim than any
others upon the justice and humanity of the
Government; if there is any class on whom the
hand of the Government should bo laid only for
the purpose of protection and not for the pur-
pose of taxation, it is the class of persons to
whom I have just referred. My own opinion
is that this class of persons should be entirely
exempted from taxation ; but I find that such a
proposition will encounter the opposition of
the Committee of Ways and Means; and know-
ing how difficult it is to pass any amendment
"which that committee oppose, I have concluded
* to modify the proposition which I intended to
offer and to submit an amendment which shall
exempt from taxation the legacy or share of a
minor child to the amount of $1,000. Believ-
ing that in this shape the proposition will re-
ceive the concurrence of the committee, as well
as the assent and support of evenr member of
the House, I move to amend by inserting the
following:
That section one hundred and twenty-four be
amended by adding thereto the following proviso:
Atul provided further, That any legacy or share of
, personal property passing as aforesaid to a minor
child of the person wiio died possessed as aforesaid,
shall be exempt from taxation or duly nnder this
section,unless such legacy shall exceed the sum of
$1,000, in which case the excess only above that sum
shall bcliable to such taxation or duty.
Mr. MORRILL. I am very much gratified
to be able to approve the proposition of the
gentleman from New York ; but I am pained
to inform him that he is simply proposing to
reenact the existing law. To satisfy him on
this point let me read from the commence-
ment of section one hundred and twenty-four:
That any person or persons having in charge or
trust as administrators, executors, or trustees, any
legacies or distributive shares arising from personal
property, where the whole amount of such personal
property, as aforesaid, shall exceed the sum of $1,000
in actual value, &c.
Mr.HOLMES. Thelanguagethereis"where
the whole amount of such personal property, as
aforesaid, shall exceed the sum of §1,000," and
under that provision there is no exemption
where the amount of the whole estate exceeds
that sum. My amendment provides for an
exemption to the amount of $1,000 for each
child. The law, as it now is, exempts tlie
estate where' the aggregate amount before
division does not execed §1,000. If it exceeds
that sum there is no exemption.
Mr. MORRILL. If that is the distinction
which the gentleman makes I do not see any
objection to the amendment. •
Mr. HALE. I move to amend the amend-
ment of my colleague [Mr. Holmes J by striking
it out and inserting in lieu thereof the follow-
ing:
That section one hundred and twenty-four be
amended by striking out from the first subdivision
thereof the words "lineal issue oralso by inserting
in the proviso, at the end of said section, after the
words' husband or wife," the words" or lineal issue."
The effect of this substitute is to abolish en-
tirely the inheritance of legacy tax in the case
of lineal descendants. I conceive that this is
the just and true policy. I do not believe that
legacies in the line of lineal inheritance should
be made the subject of taxation. I do not
think that a tax of this sort is levied in the
manner in which taxes ought to be levied so
as to produce the least oppression. On the
contrary, I believe that these taxes are felt to
be more oppressive than all others. This sub-
stitute, if adopted, will leave subject to taxa-
tion all collateral inheritances and all legacies,
except legacies to lineal descendants, who will
receive their legacies free from tax precisely
as does the husband or wife of the deceased
person.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope the amendment of
the gentleman from New York will not be
adopted. The tax imposed upon lineal de-
scendants or ascendants is only one per cent.
There are many large estates where all the
heirs, though lineal descendants, are not mere
children but full-grown men.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Chairman, I move
to strike out the last word to make a remark
or two on this subject. I agree entirely with
the remarks of my learned friend from New
York [Mr. Hale] in support of the amend-
ment he has just offered. It seems to me the
argument made by my friend from New York,
[Mr. Holmes,] is applicable to the whole sub-
ject-matter of this section ard furnishes con-
clusive reason why it should not be adopted.
I have been at a loss to understand why the
-catastrophe of death should be singled out as
the opportune occasion for the exercise of the
governmental power of taxation. I know the
idea comes from the old feudal law, from the
system of relief, one of the oppressive append-
ages of that system, which rested upon the idea
that the tenure of the individual was a tenure
for life, and the fee was the ultimate property
of the suzerain, so that when the ancestor died it
was necessary the estate should be " lifted up "
again. Hence the word "relief,'' from the
Latin relevo.
Gentlemen propose to reenact these oppress-
ive incidents of the feudal tenure. I do not
know why it is we should avail ourselves of
the most deplorable catastrophe which can
occur to a family—the loss of its head—to strip
the children and those who arc helpless of the
patrimony which would otherwise descend to
them. I suppose there is no case where the
life of the founder of the family is not worth
more to those who depend upon him for sup-
port than the property he has, and where the
family would not exchange the one for the
other. This is certainly not in accordance
with the humane theory announced by the
gentleman from Vermont when he opened the
debate. He said:
" If ahorse runs away with a carriage, or a locomo-
tive gets smashed, it seems oppressive for the Gov-
ernment to seize the opportunity of such misfortune
for levying a fresh tax.''
This is also taxing calamity. It is no more
than reviving one of the oppressive append-
ages of the feudal ages.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BOUTWELL. If we exempt the prop-
erty of minor children it is as far as we need go.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. Holmes's amendment was adopted.
Mr. HOLMES. I move to insert the words
"personal property." As it now reads it
covers all kinds of property, real as well as
personal.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
That section one hundred and twenty-five be
nmohded by inserting after the words " United
.States," in the first sentence of said section, the
words, "and every administrator, executor, or
trustee, having in charge or trust any legacy or
distributive share, as aforesaid, shall give notice
thereof in writing to the assessor or assistant as-
sessor of the district where the deceased, grantor,
or bargainer last resided, within thirty days after
he shall have taken charge of such trust;" and by
inserting after the words " shall make out such lists
and valuation as in other eases of neglect or refusal,
and shall assess the duty thereon," the words "and
in ease of willful neglect, refusal, or false statement
by, such executor, administrator, or trustee, as afore-
said, he shall be liable to a penalty of not exceeding
§1,000, to be recovered with costs of suit."
Mr. ALLISON moved the following amend-
ment:
Strike out line twenty-six hundred and fifty-nine,
and insert in lieu thereof, the following:
That section one hundred and twenty-five be
amended by inserting after the words " that the tax
or duty aforesaid,"the following: " shall be due and
payable whenever the party interested in such legaey
or distributive share, or property, or interest afore-
said, shall become entitled to the possession or enjoy-
ment thereof, or to the beneficial interest in the
profits accruing therefrom, and the same;" and.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. WIESON, of Iowa. Does that affect
the phraseology of the one hundred and twenty-
fourth section of the original act?
Mr. ALLISQN. Yes, sir.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. If it changes the
language of section one hundred and twenty-
five by being made an amendment to that sec-
tion, it leaves the language of section one hun-
dred and twenty-four in the original act, still
remaining as the law, so that the two provis-
ions make nonsense.
Mr. ALLISON. The original act does not
provide when this tax shall be due and paya-
ble. There is no provision in the law when it
becomes due and payable.
Mr. HALE. I move to strike out the last
word of the amendment for the purpose of sug-
gesting to the gentleman who made the motion
that it seems to me it requires some modifica-
tion. Under the rule now held at the Commis-
sioner's office, if a person is entitled to an an-
nuity of §100 for life, the tax is assessed on the
present value of that annuity and deducted by
the executor from the first payment of the
annuity. Now, that is palpably wrong and
unjust. For instance, a widow has left to her
an annuity for her support. It is what she
depends upon. Under the construction now
adopted at the office of the Commissioner the
whole tax on the present value of the annuity
is deducted from the first installment of the in-
terest. It is all wrong. It should only come
out pro rata year by year.
Mr. ALLISON. I do not know what the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Hale] pro-
poses. We do not change the existing law
except as to the time when this tax shall be-
come due and payable. Now, it should be
payable, it seems to me, at the time when the
party comes into possession of the annuity. If
the gentleman desires to change the law in that
respect, any amendment that he will suggest
to the committee will of course be considered.
But I do not see why, if this tax is to be paid
at once, it should not be paid upon the value
of the estate at the time the beneficiary comes
into possession or is entitled to receive the
enjoyment of the property, whether in the
shape of an annuity or of actual possession of
the property.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HALE. I withdraw my amendment
and substitute another, to insert after the word
''thereof'' in the amendment proposed by the
gentleman from Iowa the words "or, in case
of an annuity, payable on each installment of
the said annuity as the same shall be due.'' I
think the gentleman mi.-apprehends what the
ruling in this case is. A widow or any other
person who is dependent upon an annuity for
support, and who requires the payment of the
first installment, is subjected to a deduction
therefrom of the tax on the computed present
value of the whole annuity. In other words,
when a widow is to receive this year $300 for
her support, and next year $500, the whole
S500 for the first year is wiped out by the tax
on the present value of the whole annuity,
leaving her destitute.
