1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The bill was read the third time and passed.
The title of the bill was amended so as to read
"An act to regulate the registering of vessels."
DITCHES, ETC., in PACIFIC STATES.
Mr. STEWART. I am instructed by the
Committee on Public Lands, to whom was
referred the bill (H. % No. 365) granting the
right of way to ditch and canal owners over
the public lands in the States of California,
Oregon, and Nevada, to report it back with an
amendment and with a recommendation that
it pass; and I ask for its present consideration
for the reason that the substitute reported is
the same that was in a section of a bill that
was considered by the Committee on Mines
and Mining and passed. It has already been
considered and passed by the Senate and is
well guarded, and I should like to have the
bill^aut on its passage now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Nevada asks for the present consider-
ation of the bill just reported by him. It re-
quires unanimous consent to consider a bill on
the day it is reported. No objection being
made, it is before the Senate.
THE TARIFF BILL.
_ A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiiersox, its Clerk, announce^
that the House had passed a bill (II. R. No. '
718) to provide increased revenue from imports,
and for other purposes, in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the Senator
from Nevada will allow me to take up the
tariff' bill, which has just been brought in, for
the purpose of having it referred and printed.
Mr. STEWART. ^This will take but a
moment.,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Maine asks unanimous consent to
take up the tariff bill just received from the
House of Representatives. The Chair hears
no objection.
.The bill (H. R. No. 718) to provide increased
revenue from imports, and for other purposes,
was read twice by its title.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Finance. It will
be printed, of course, under the rules.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend that motion
by referring the bill with instructions to the
committee to report it on the second Wednes-
day in December.next..
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa to the motion to refer.
Mr. CONNESS. This will necessarily lead
to discussion, and I hope the pending bill will
be allowed to be disposed of first.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the tariff bill is to
be referred to the committee it is very impor-
tant that it should be printed, and it is very
important that it should be done immediately.
It is very late in the session, and the question
ought to be settled on the motion of the Sen-
ator from Towa.
Mr. CONNESS. Very well, I will not in-
terpose,
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President 
Mr. POMEROY. I suggest that this matter
be laid aside informally until we get through
■with the morning business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Iowa is recognized by the Chair as
having the floor.
Mr, GRIMES. I do not know, Mr. Presi-
dent, that it will be in order for m£to discuss
the general merits of this proposition on such
a motion as this ; and I have no disposition to
do so, even if it were in order, but I wish to
submit one or two observations in connection
with the motion that I have made.
We are now in the eighth month of a very
long and arduous session of Congress. The
members of this body have been laboriously
engaged, more laboriously than ordinarily, dur-
ing that long period of time. This tariff bill,
which affects the prosperity of the country and
the personal and business interests of every man
in it, reaches us at this late period, and I un-
3751
dertake to say that the members of this body
are not prepared to enter upon the considera-
tion and discussion of such a subject as this is,
affecting the vital interests that it does, at this
time. I think that a bill making such radical
changes as this bill proposes to make should
be laid a sufficient length of time before the
people of the country in order that there may
be some response from them as to what their
judgment is of the merits of the proposition.
Another reason why I think it should be post-
poned is that we should give an opportunity for
our finance committees and the Treasury De-
partment, the men who have the charge of our
finances, and the people of the country them-
selves, to see what may be the effilfct of the
internal revenue law which we have recently
passed. I am convinced, for myself, that that
law will afford sufficient relief to all the indus-
trial interests that are sought to be protected
by the provisions of the bill now on your table.
I understand from a gentleman who has made
a most thorough investigation and in whose
conclusions and whose judgment I place the
most implicit reliance, that*"nnder the provis-
ions of that law there will be a relief to the
industrial interests of the State of Pennsyl-
vania alone of from eighteen to twenty-five
millions on the three articles of coal, iron, and
steel. .
Another reason why I desire that this bill
should be postponed is that we may know
whether or not it is to effect the advantages
which some of its advocates claim that it will
effect in some sections of the country. We
were told, as I see by the newspapers—I did
not happen to be present at the time—by the
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson-,] the
other day, that this was a northwestern meas-
ure, and I think that there were two members
of a coordinate branch of this Government who
stated in another body that this was a north-
western measure. It may be, Mr. President,
but we have not thus far bpenable to conceive
it to be that kind of a measure, and we want
an opportunity to satisfy our constituents, if it
be to their advantage, that it is going to oper-
ate to their advantage. As an evidence that we
do not so regard it, I would refer the Senator
from Massachusetts to the vote in another body,
to which, perhaps, I have no right specifically to
allude, where lie will find that although the New
England States voted solid for it, it being a
northwestern measure, yet of the fifty-two votes
that were polled against it forty of them were
from the Northwest. I ain not going to deny
that there maybe individuals in the Northwest
and there may be individual interests in the
Northwest that may conceive that .they will be
advantaged by the passage of such a bill as
this upon your table ; but I do deny that there
is any very considerable portion of that part
of the Northwest which I represent that is in
favor of any such proposition at this time. It
may be possible that after due consideration
and discussion of this measure they may con-
clude that it would be to their advantage to
pass such a bill; but I think that it will be some
time before we shall be able to bring (he peo-
ple of the Northwest up to the belief that it is
to their advantage to increase the duty on salt,
an essential to their existence and their pros-
perity, thirty-three per cent. I do not believe
that you can convince the people of my State
that it will be to their advantage to put a duty
upon that necessary to the development of their
State, lumber, without which they cannot fence
up their farms and make them productive of a
single cent, of three dollars a thousand. I do
not believe that you can convince the people
of my State that it will be to their advantage
to increase the duty on iron variously from ten
to fifty dollars a ton ; or that it will be for their
advantage to increase the duty on the low grades
ofcutlery, such as go intoevery fanner's house,
six hundred per cent.
Mr. POMEltOY. If the Senator will allow
me, he knows that I agree with him, but I
tliiuk it is entirely out of order to discuss the
merits of the bill on the question of reference.
Mr. GRIMES. I am not discussing the
merits of the bill. I understand that on a
question of thi3 kind I have a right to assign
the reasons why I think the bill ought to be
postponed.
Mr. POMEROY. But I was speaking of the
merits of the bill. On the question of the post-
ponement of the bill to next December, of
course the reasons why it should or should not,
be postponed may be stated; but I do not think
it is proper to discuss the whole merits of the
bill.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, I have no
desire to discuss the merits of the bill, but I
have assigned, as I think, three reasons which *
are substantial reasons in my view why this
question should go over until December. The
bill, according to its provisions, cannot go into
effect until the 1st of August. I do not think
that the Committee on Finance can give it that
consideration and investigation that it deserves,
and that.they will be disposed to bestow upon
it, and be able to report it back and have it
acted upon by this body before the 1st of Au-
gust. The postponement therefore until the
1st of December will only bo for four months. •
In the mean time we can learn what the senti-
ment of the country is in regard to a measure
of this kind, and we can determine whether or
not, in view of the law which we have passed
in regard to internal taxation, there is abso-
lutely any necessity for the passage of any such
bill as this.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, I have been
taken entirely by surprise by this motion. I
do not think we have any right, because it is
supposed we are overworked and have been in
session a great while, therefore to neglect what
we consider the best interests of the country.
I do not believe any of us are so entirely over-
worked as that we ought to shrink .from en-
deavoring to maintain the best interests of
1 the country according to our knowledge and
j ability. No one can be more anxious than
I I am to get out of this place; I should like
j very much to go at large for awhile; but I will
never consent to desert my post as long as I
think there are material interests that require
investigation and action and labor, if neces-
sary, here. I think, therefore, that that part
of the argument ought not to apply.
It is said that the merits of the bill are not
before us for consideration, and they are not,
because they are not open to our scrutiny.at
present; but we do know that there are some
great outside reasons why this bill should not
be postponed for a single moment. We know
that under the present tariff bill^oreign im-
portations are pouring into the country to such
an extent that our exports bear no proportion
whatever to our imports; that the country is
drained of all its gold and silver the moment
they are dug from the earth ; and with all the
capabilities of the great West to produce grain
and provisions of all kinds, we are told, and I
believe it is true, that wheat is now imjoorted
from Europe into this country for the suste-
nance of our peoi)le. Something therefore ia
wrong about it.
I do not like to see this question dealt with
as a sectional question, for, in my judgment,
it is not. It has none of the characteristics of
such a question; and if it has, in my judgment,
the Northwest, to which I belong, is altogether
more interested than any other portion of this
country. What is the Noithwest now endeav- •
oring to do at a vast expense to your Treasury,
and I am not averse to it? You are endeavor-
ing somehow to hew out channels by which you
can convey your gross materials to a market
either in the eastern States or in Europe. I am
told that corn has been burned for fire-wood,
or sold for ten or twelve cents a bushel in some
parts of the Northwest, and you are endeavor-
ing to make a channel whereby you may trans-
port that article thousands of miles to market
and make something in that way. Sir, that lias
been tried long enough. It is utterly absurd.
The Northwest will never prosper under such
a state of things as that. Something is wrong.
I know it is said "that eastern manufacturers
grow rich by manufacturing. I hope they do;
