THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
the rag-money-cliangers are turned over, and I
hope they will never be set up, converting the
temple o'f our freedom into a den of brokers.
It is entirely unnecessary to make a loan, as
the able financier from Massachusetts [Mr.
Hooi'naJ lias demonstrated, and while I would
not increase our bonds, (except to equalize
bounties,) it will prove safe to leave the volume
or amount of legal tenders to the regulation of
the law of supply and demand quoted by the
able chairman who reported this bill.
Sir, if the currency becomes redundant, if the
people have more than they require for busi-
ness, give them seven-thirties or five-twenties.
If they again want more currency, give them
again the bonds. If under this system our
revenue receipts far exceed your estimates, and
we are rapidly going up to the point of par
with gold, even more rapidly than the Treas-
urer desires, as stated by the gentleman from
Ohio, and every day in peace restoring that
■wealth which we wasted in war, why disturb
onr onward march? In whosj interest is this
to be done? What great public interest is to be
subserved by contracting and retiring national
currency, exchanging bonds -payable, principal
and interest, in gold in Europe for bonds held
by our own people, and payable in the lawful
money of the United States?
Sir, we are not left to doubt as to the party
that urges this measure. It is the great cred-
itor party that wish to increase their gains and
their incomes. They have the intelligence to
see and the conscience to accomplish, regard-
less of consequences, the end. While they
make money scarce to bring down prices and
wages, do they propose to bring down the sums
duo to them? No,sir,no; they tell us, through
the honest lips of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Spalding,] that "small incomes will be,
in effect, greatly increased," and" thus relieve
some wants, which I would gladly do if w*e
could stop there; but I answer that gentleman,
that while it doubles in effect the small incomes,
it also extends the same to all incomes and all
credits!
If this measure increases incomes, does it
not follow that it also increases the cost of your
debts? The farmer and the merchant have bills
and mortgages and bonds to pay; make money
scarce, and they can pay thorn more readily, is
a mode of reasoning utterly unsatisfactory to
me. Giro them no medium of value with which
to do business, require them to sacrifice in the
impoverished condition of our country their all
to get specie, which will rise according to the
demand for it, until 2-10 in the war will be lost
sight oi'iu the dizzy height to which the value of
gold will ascend in this Treasury balloon.
We have been reminded by the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] that we, in
the West, have been blessed by their loans to us
of $801),000,000 to create our railroads. If
small incomes are to lie doubled by this process,
■will it not also double the gains to our philan-
thropic friends wdiose investments are in our
railroads, and the interest upon which is now
promptly paid in a plentiful and valuable cur-
rency?
Pleasant as this game may be to our greedy
creditors, in behalf of the paying millions I
exclaim, as the old frog in the lable did to the
boys who stoned his family, "It may be sport
to you, but it is death to us!" To the aggre-
gate credit of this nation, seen in the faccT of
the greenbacks, we may look for that protection
which we need and must have until our wasted
•wealth is restored. Take from, us this friend,
and while our creditors may gloat upon the
spoils that they share in our convulsed and
prostrate condition, they will learn, although
late, that they have killed the goose to get the
golden egg. That enlightened self-interest is
true patriotism ; for creditors and debtors will
ultimately find a common financial grave.
Give us time to develop our resources, to heal
the wounds of war, to rebuild the waste places;
■withdraw not from us the life-blood of business,
a plentiful national currency, and every just
debt will ba honorably paid.
I shall not attempt to ring any changes with
my esteemed colleague, [Mr. Wentworth,]
whose impulses are always for the public wel-
fare upon the theme of paying specie to the
soldiers. The interests of the soldiers are
identical with the interest of the country they
have so bravely battled to save, and no scent
of specie can divert them from the support of
measures necessary for the public welfare, and
lead them to "hunt" in the pack of the Shy-
locks, who would ultimately have us all in their
merciless grasp. For one I am more anxious to
equalize bounties and extend pensions, thus
paying a debt, the withholding of which will
not enrieh us than to fund the "war debt of
the States." While I will notloadthe nation,
the property of the people, and the soldier,
with burdens, incurred mainly to hire substi-
tutes, I shall with grateful pleasure devote our
means to pay the debt of the ration to its
saviors! But I shall hesitate to invest in the
venture of the war debt of the States or to
adopt the policy of the money-changers.
CIVIL BIGHTS.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker,
the President in his annual message said to us—
" That good faith requires the security of the freed-
raen in tljeir liberty, their light to labor, arid their
right to claim the just return of their labor. I can-
not too stiongly urge a dispassi'onate treatment of
this subject, which should be carefully kept aloof from
all party strife."
In pursuance of this recommendation, Con-
gress passed a measure known as the "civil
rights bill," the essential purpose of which is
declared in these words :
"Sec. 1. That all persons born in the United States,
and not subject to any foreign Power, excluding In-
dians not taxed, arc hereby declared to be citizens
ot the United States; and such citizens of every race
and color, without regard to any previous condition
of slavery or involuntary servitude, except as a pun-
ishment tor ciime whereof the party shall have been
duly convicted, shall have the same right in every
State and Territory to make and enforce contracts, to
sue, to be sued, bo parties and give evidence, to in-
herit, purchase, lease, sell, hold,and convey real and
personal property, and to bo entitled to full and
equal benefit of atl laws and proceedings for the se-
curity of person and property as is enjoyed by white
citizens, and shall bo subject to like punishment,
pains, and penalties, and to none other, any law, stat-
ute, ordinance, regulation, or custom to the contrary
notwithstanding.
"Si'.c. -. That any person who, under color of any
lav/, statute, ordinance, regulation, or custom, shall
subject, or cause to be subjected, any citizen of any
State or Territory to the deprivation of any right se-
cured or protected by this act, or to ditfeient punish-
ment, pains, or penalties on account of such person
having at any time been held in a condition of sla-
very or involuntary servitude, except as a punish-
ment for crime whereof the party shall have been
duly convicted, or by reason of his color or race, than
is prescribed tor the punishment of white persons,
shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and on
conviction shall be punished by fine not exceeding
^1,000. or imprisonment not exceeding one year, or
both, in the discretion of the court."
This bill has met with the executive veto.
When it passed the House I was satisfied to
record my vote in its favor without consum-
ing time in discussion, leaving the measure to
commend itself to the judgment of the world.
It has already been debated somewhat at large.
(See speeches of Wilson, and others, March
1, Globe, March 2; of Bingham, February 28,
Globe, March 1 ; of Bingham and Shellabae-
cer, March 9, Globe, March 10; Delaxo, March
8, Globe, March 13.)
I will not therefore attempt a full discussion
of it now, but content myself with briefly pre-
senting some of the grounds upon which I will
again perform the proudest act of my political
life in voting to make this bill the law of the
land.
It is scarcely less to the people of this country
than Magna Charta was to the people of Eng-
land.
It declares who are citizens.
It does not affect any political right, as that
of suffrage, the right to sit on juries, hold office,
&c. This it leaves to the States, to be deter-
mined by each for itself. It does not confer
any civil right, but so far as there is any power
in the States to limit, enlarge, or declare civil
rights, all these are left to the States.
But it does provide that as to certain enumer-
ated civil rights every citizen " shall have the
same right in every State and Territory." That
is whatever of certain civil rights may be enjoyed
by any shall be shared by all citizens in each.
State, and in the Territories, and tliese are:
1. To make and enforce contracts.
2. To sue, to be sued, and to be parties.
8. To give evidence.
4. To inherit, purchase, lease, sell, hold,
and convoy real and personal property.
5. To be entitled to full and equal benefit of
all laws and proceedings for the security of per-
son and property. •
The bill does not declare who shall or shall
not have the right to sue, give evidence, in-
herit, purchase, and sell property. These ques-
tions are left to the States to determine, sub-
ject only to the limitation that there are some
inherent and inalienable rights, pertaining to
every citizen, which cannot be abolished or
abridged by State constitutions or laws.
The first clause of section one provides:
"That all persons born in the United States, and
not subject to any foreign Power, excluding Indians
not taxed, are hereby declared to be citizens of the
United States."
This clause is unnecessary, but nevertheless
proper, since it is only declaratory of what is
the law without it. This has been sufficiently
demonstrated by the distinguished chairman
of the Judiciary Committee, (Mr. Wilson's
speech, March 1,) and by the authorities he has
cited. (1 Sharswood'sBlackstone, 364; Natu-
ralization Act of April 14, 1802; Act of Feb-
ruary 28, 1803; Brightly's Digest, 487 ; Section
10 of Act of September 4, 1841; Opinions of
Attorneys General, vol. 4, p. 147, (Legare;)
1 Bouvicr's Law Dictionary, title Denizen; 2
Kent Com., 278, note; Marcy, Secretary of
State, March 6, 1854; Attorney General Bates,
Opinion, November 29,1862; Rawle on Con-
stitution, 80; State vs. Manuel, 3; Deveraugh
& Battle's N. C. It., 2G.)
In the great case of Lynch vs. Clarke, it was
conclusively shown that in the absence of all
constitutional provision or congressional law
"declaring citizenship by birth, it must be reg-
ulated by some rule of national law" "coeval
with the existence of the Union," which was
and is that all "children born here are citizens
without any regard to the political condition or
allegiance of their parents." (1 Sandford's
Ch. R., 583.)
This was the common law of England, and
"the statute (25 Edward III, St. 2, Denatis
ultra mare) was declaratory of the old common
law."
It has also been sufficiently demonstrated
that the nation ma}'by solemn act of Congress, or
even by treaty, declare that classes of people col-
lectively, shall be citizens. (Louisiana treaty,
April 30, 1800; Florida treaty, 1817 ; Mexican
treaty, 1848; Choctaw treaty, September 27,
1830; Resolution March 1, 1845, annexing
Texas; Act of December 29, 1848, admitting
Texas ; Cherokee treaty, December 29, 1855 ;
Act of March 3, 1843, Stockbridgo Indians;
Opinions of Attorneys General, vol. 7, p. 746,
(Gushing;) Lawrence's Appendix to Wheaton
on International Law.)
It is an exercise of authority which belongs
to every sovereign Power, and is essentially a
subject of national jurisdiction. The whole
power over citizenship is intrusted to the na-
tional Government, which can make citizens
of any foreign people as an exercise of sover-
eignty, or under the power, "to establish a
uniform rule of naturalization." (Constitu-
tion, art. 1, section 7.)
There is, then, a national citizenship. And
citizenship implies ccrtain rights which are to
be protected, and imposes the duty of alle-
giance and obedience to the Laws.
There is in this country no such thing as
'' legislative omnipotence.'' When it is said in
State constitutions that "all legislative power
is vested in a Senate and House of Represent-
atives," authority is not thereby conferred to
destroy all that is valuable in citizenship.
Legislative powers exist in our system to pro-
