1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3753
In 1802, the first excise act was passed by
Congress, and its passage was made the excuse
immediately for a bill increasing the duties on
imported articles. Of course, it was said, if
we levied a tax upjfji the manufacturer in this
country, it became absolutely necessary to pro-
tect the manufacturer against the tax that ho
had to pay to the Govftnment, and we raised
the tariff in that year, and the next year, 1863,
it was again materially increased. The inter-
nal taxes have been increased every year since
that time until the present year; and every ses-
sion, immediately upou an increase of internal
taxes, we have thought it necessary, and per-
haps it was necessary, t  increase the tariff. I
made no resistance to that increase of the tariff
from year to year. I cannot say, however, that
I am, as the Senator from Maine avows him-
self to be, a protective tariff man. I have never
been, and I am not yet convinced of the neces-
sity for it; and the legislation of the last four
years satisfies me more than anything that has
ever occurred in this country of the utter futil-
ity of what is called a high protective tariff
to prevent excessive importations into this
country.
In 1863 I remember that upon a kindred sub-
ject, the banking question, I said to the Senate
that importations would always-exceed expor-^i
tations as long as we had an inflated currency.
Pass this prohibitive bill which has been sent
here by the other House, because I regard it as
a prohibitive bill—it would be prohibitive under
a currency of four ar five hundred millions—but
pass it with your nine-hundred and seventeen
millions of currency that you now have, and I
have but little question that importations will
largely exceed exportation. This is not the
point for Congress to commence at in order to
reform the excessive importations into our
country. We have to reduce our inflated cur-
rency ; and until we make the paper currency
of our country equal to coin and keep it there,
we shall never prevent importations in cxccss
of expoi'tations. Whenever an importer can
buy his goods with gold at 25, and sell them
with gold at 52 he will import, I care not
what your tariff may be. His patriotism may
be very extensive; it may be very large; but
if he can make money—and he can always
make money to the extent of the increase in
the price of gold from the time he imports to
the time he sells—his patriotism will never be
large enough to conquer his interest, because
he thinks the country can yet prosper and he
can grow rich. Until you prevent fluctuations
in the paper currency we shall never get rid
of the difficulty referred to by the,Senator from
Ohio. He says we should increase the tariff
because our importations are excessive. Mr.
President, you may pass this bill, and if you
will just add one hundred millions to your cur-
rency, as is asked for by the Comptroller of
the Currency, I will guaranty that your impor-
tations will be larger next year than they were
last year.
Mr. WADE. "Will the Senator tell me how
he is about to reform this inflated currency
while all your specie goes out of the country
to pay for foreign goods ? He says the first
thing necessary is to regulate the currency. I
should like to know how that can be done.
« Mr. HENDERSON. Really that would open
up a discussion that would be very burdensome
upon me. The Senator has heard my views
upon currency questions, if he paid any atten-
tion to them, on several occasions when I have
addressed the Senate. I cannot now enter
upon that subject. It is certainly too vast a
field for me to enter upon. I may say, how-
ever. that there are various ways in which there
might be a curtailment of the currency. If I
had my way, I could tell the Senator very plainly
how I would begin it; but of course lie would
differ with mo so essentially in that regard that
my argument would amount to nothing in his
estimation.
But, Mr. President, I was saying that since
180'J we have been annually increasing the
tariff, and what has been the excuse for it
every year? We all know that it was because
-we were levying internal duties, and it was said
that a corresponding increase of the tariff was
absolutely essential to save our manufacturers
from oppression and ruin; but what have we
done at this session? This year we have de-
creased the excise tax on all manufactured
articles from six per cent, to five per cent. We
have taken a large number of manufactured
articles previously taxed and put them on the
freo list. Now, will any gentleman tell me,
under such circumstances, what excuse there
is for a still higher tariff than we had before ?
If I understand it, there is an increase of the
duties upon railroad iron in this bill to the
extent of about eight dollars per ton.
Mr. WADE. None at all.
Mr. HENDERSON. Then it has been very
recently altered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes; it was altered in
the other House.
Mr. HENDERSON. _ It must have been
altered just before the bill was passed. I un-
derstand, at any rate, that on almost all arti-
cles of iron manufacture there is a very large
increase of duty; for instance, on cutlery an
increase of from seventy-five to two hundred
per cent.
Mr. JOHNSON. Three hundred and forty-
five per cent, in several cases.
Mr. HENDERSON. Will you tell me the
reason for that? Have we not taken the in-
ternal taxes off iron in almost every instance?
We have certainly decreased the excise tax on
the manufacturers of iron in almost every case,
and yet we have a tariff bill increasing largely
the duty upon iron and all its manufactures.
Our New England friends, some years ago,
found much joy in a high tariff, because it al-
ways tended to protect manufactures, and man-
ufactures were almost exclusively confined to
that land of ingenuity and enterprise, for which
I have always given them credit. I, like the
Senator from Ohio, desire exceedingly that
my own State shall become a manufacturing
State. I should be glad to make it as much
so as the State of Ohio. But, sir, the manu-
factures of Ohio do not need the encourage-
ment that the Senator is asking for in this bill.
He has referred to the corn that we are burn-
ing for fuel in our section of country. Why is
it that wo have no sale for it? Can we export
articles to other countries and expect other
countries to pay for them unless we buy some-
thing from those countries? We are not yet
exactly prepared to begin manufacturing to
such an extent in the West. We want a mar-
ket for our wheat; we want a market for our
corn ; we want a market for the thousands of
agricultural productions that we have in the
West for which we can get no market in this
country. Will the Senator from Ohio impose
a high tariff duty on corn in order to protect
the western farmer? What good would it do?
If you levy duties sufficient to enable the con-
stituents of my friend from Iowa find my con-
stituents to enter upon manufacturing what
will be the result? It will be a bonus to the
manufacturers of the State of Ohio, at least
until we can get under headway in our section,
and it takes a long time.
I have no aversion to protection. I am very
glad to give it where I can do it with justice to
every section of the country. I am not op-
posed to building up the manufactures of this
country. On the other hand, I am in favor of
doing it; and inasmuch as during this _ session
of Congress we have decreased the internal
taxes so largely and made a great many arti-
cles free that we formerly taxed, I ask, in the
name of sense, why is it necessary just now to
increase the tariff? The excuse in former
years, ever since 1802, has been that we were
increasing the excise tax, and therefore must
increase the tariff. Now that excuse is gone,
and tno only argument left is the cogent one
presented by my friend from Ohio.
Mr. President, as I before stated, that is not
the point to begin at. Unless we can make it
so as to have exchanges regular between Eu-
rope and this country we shall never get rid |
of these excessive importations ; they will con- i
tinue on our hands, and raising the tariff with
a view to decrease importations and save the
gold in this country will amount to nothing.
Forty millions of gold h?#re gone from our
country within a few months past, perhaps fifty
millions since the 1st of January, and not less
than thirty-five millions within the last six or
seven weeks since the panic in Europe in com-
mercial and financial matters. Why is that?
There is a double reason for it. One reason is
that they have hurried goods upon us; they
wanted to get rid of goods in Europe, and they
have forced them upon the market at as low
rates as they could possibly afford to sell them.
The desire there was to get rid of property
because a war was threatened, and they forced
goods upon us. Another reason is that our
bonds have been driven back upon us and coin
called for to go abroad. But another thing, and
the chief point, is what I have already sug-
gested, that the war in Europe necessarily
increased the price of gold in this country, and
that in itself induced individuals to import,
because men who at the beginning of these
troubles bought gold in the gold-room at New
York, feeling certain that gold would rise in
consequence of European troubles, also felt
certain that goods would rise in this country
in consequence of the increased price of gold.
What has been the result? Some time ago a
merchant could buy exchange when gold was
at twenty-five per cent, premium, for about ten
per cent, added to that, making 135 for ex-
change on London. How is it now? That
same exchange is worth 100. Of course, there-
fore, a merchant can sell goods which he bought
at 135 for 100, besides the usual percentage
that he adds upon his transactions. That, of
course, tends to enrich him, but what is the
result upon the general interests of the coun-
try? Just in proportion as the importer is
enriched, just in that proportion does the coun-
try at large lose, and just in that proportion i3
financial difficulty brought upon the whole
country.
We do not get rid of these difficulties by in-
creasing the tariff; and I now prophesy, as I
did in 1803 when a proposition was made here
to increase the tariff, that if you- increase the
present tariff your importations next year, un-
less we can in some way curtail our excessive
and redundant circulation, will in all proba-
bility exceed what they were last year. When
the present tariff was proposed what did our
financial men tell us? They said it would
produce a revenue of seventy or eighty mil- v
lions. It has produced to the Government
$170,000,000.
Mr. WADE. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question right here?
Mr. HENDERSON. _ Certainly.
Mr. WADE. If an increase of the tariff
will increase our revenue so much and not
stop the importation of foreign goods, ought
we not certainly to make use of it as a reve-
nue measure? Some pretend to say that the
importations will fall off. The Senator says
they will not.
Mr. HENDERSON. T think not.
Mr. WADE. If they will not fall off, is it
not the most obvious thing in the world that
we ought to put on a higher tariff?
Mr. HENDERSON. They may fall off or
they may increase; it is owing entirely to the
condition of the country. If gold continues to
go down, of course they will decrease ; if gold
goes up, they will increase; and if panics in
this country produce revulsions in the money
market, of course importations will be large.
That is my construction ; and I cannot be mis-
taken. because the past history of the coun-
try demonstrates it beyond doubt; and I have
shown the reasons for it. The interest of the
merchants is, of course, in that direction.
As this bill is a general increase of the tariff,
I see no necessity for it. The Senator says we
want it as a revenue measure. He is mistaken.
Why is it that we have decreased the excise
tax? It is because we collected last year more
money than we needed. Was not, that it? if
we need the vast amount of money that the
