1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1833
tect, not to destroy, the inalienable rights of
men. (1 Story Constitution, sec. 207; Taylor
vs. Porter, 4 Hill's Reports, 147; 2 Dallas, 471$
People vs. Morris, 13 Wendell, 328.) This has
been the common understanding in our -whole
history, and upon which governments ha\se been
created.
The Continental Congress of 1774, composed
of delegates from twelve colonies, in their
Declaration of Rights, among other things,
declared:
"That the inhabitants of the English colonies of
North America, by the immutable laws of nature,
the principles of the English constitution, and the
several charters or compacts, have the following
rights:
" Jtexohed, That they arc entitled to life, liberty,
and property, and that they have never coded to any
sovereign Power whatever a right to dispose of either
without their consent."—Hurd on Habeas Corpus,
chap. 5, p. 107.
The Declaration of Independence affirms—
"That all men arc created equal; that they are
endowed by their Creator with certain inalienable
rights; that among these are life, liberty, and the
pursuit, of happiness That to seeuro theso rights,
Governments are instituted among men."'
The Constitution was established, as its pre-
amble declares, to—
"Promote the general welfare and secure tho
blessings of liberty.''
All the law-writers agree that every citizen
has certain :i absolute rights," whichincludc—
"The right of personal security, the light of per-
sonal liberty, andtho right to acquire and en 103'' prop-
erty. These rights have been justly considered and
frequently declared by the people of this country to
bo natural, inheient, ami inalienable."—1 Kent*a
Commentaries, 509; Federalist, No. 8-1.
In Wilkinson vs. Leland, 2 Pet. G57, Judge
Story said:
"The fundamental maxima of a freo Government
seem to require that the lights of personal liberty
and private property should be held sacred. At least
no court of justice in this country would be war-
ranted m assuming that the power to violate and
disregard tlrem—a power so repugnant to the com-
mon principles of justice and civil hbeily—lurked
under any general grant of legislative authority."
(See Turrett rs. Taylor, 0 Cranch, 40; People
vs. Morris, !■> "Wend., 328 ; Taylor t;>\ Porter, 4
Hill, 147 : Fletcher vs. Peck, G Cranch, 87.)
The bill of rights to tho national Constitu-
tion declares that:
"No person" * * * * "shall be de-
prived of life, liberty, or property without due pro-
cess of law, nor shall private property betaken lor
public u&e without just compensation."
It has never been deemed nocossiuy to enact
in any constitution or law that citizens should
have the right to life or liberty or the right to
acquire property. These rights are recognized
by tlio Constitution as existing anterior to and
independently of all laws and all constitutions.
Without further authority I may assume,
then, ihat there are certain absolute rights
which pertain to every citizen, which are inhe-
rent, and of which a State cannot constitution-
ally deprive him. But not only are these rights
inherent and indestructible, but the means
whereby they may be possessed and enjoyed
are equally so.
We learn from Coke that—
"When the law granteth anything to any one that
also i3 granted without which the thine; itself cannot
foe."—Oath before the Justice#, 12 Co., 130; JJcard vs.
Pierce, 8 Cwh. o3S-ol5.
In law the incident always adheres to and
accompanies the principle. (Broom's Legal
Maxims, 108; 20 Ohio R., 409.)
It is idle to say that a citizen shall have the
right to life, yet to deny him the right to labor,
whereby alone he can live. It is a mockery to
say that a citizen may have a right to live, and
yet denv him the right to make a contract to
secure the privilege and the rewards of labor.
It is worse than mockery to say that men
may be clothed by the national authority with
the character of citizens, yet may be stripped
by State authority of the means by which citi-
zens may exist.
Even Sh} lock, when the decree of confisca-
tion was pronounced against him, reasoned
better j for he said:
"Nuy, take my life and all, pardon not that;
You take my house, when yon do take the prop
That doth sustain my house; you lake my lite,
"When you do take the means whereby 1 live.
Every citizen, therefore, has the absolute
right to live, the right of personal security, per-
sonal liberty, and the right to acquire and enjoy
property. These are rights of citizenship. As
necessary incidents of these absolute rights,
there are others, as the right to make and en-
force contracts, to purchase, hold, and enjoy
property, and to share the benefit of laws for
the security of person and property.
Now, there are two ways in which a State may
undertake to deprive citizens of these absolute,
inherent, and inalienable rights : either by pro-
hibitory laws, or by a failure to protect any one
of them.
Tf the people of a State should become hos-
tile to a large class of naturalized citizens and
should enact laws to prohibit them and no other
citizens from making contracts, from suing,
from giving evidence, from inheriting, buying,
holding, or selling property, or even from com-
ing into the State, that would be prohibitory
legislation. If the State should simply enact laws
for native-born citizens and provide no law
under which naturalized citizens could enjoy any
one of these rights, and should deny them all
protection by civil process or penal enactments,
that would be a denial of justice.
Yet twelve years have not passed since these
and other hostile measures against naturalized
citizens were gravely discussed in several of
the States, and beyond this, it was urged that
their political rights should be denied or so
abridged as to be useless. Ilistoiy is full of
instances where all this has been done or
attempted. (Com. vs. York, 9 Metcalf Kep.,
110; 2 Bennett & Heard's Lead. Crim. Cases.)
This bill, in that broad and comprehensive
philanthropy which regards ^11 men in their
civil rights as equal before the law, is not made
for any class or creed, or race or color, but in
the great future that awaits us will, if it become
a law, protect every citizen, including the mil-
lions of people of foreign birth who will (lock
to our shores to become citizens and to lind
here a land of liberty and law.
But there is a present necessity for this bill
wliieh I find forcibly stated thus:
"The fact that no single southern Legislature has
yet recognized the rit lit of blacks to the civil rights
accorded to every white alien, suffices to prove the
need of such legislation by Congress. Wo believe no
single southern State has yet enabled blacks to sue
and be sued, to givo testimony and rebut testimony
on equal terms with whites. All that they do, under
the, pressure of necessity, is meanly, gi udgingiy, shab-
bily done. What can be more absui d than to pro-
vide that a black may testily meases between blacks
and whites, but not when the parties are both white?
If lie would even swenr faUcly, would he not be
likely to do so in a case between a white and a black?
And if his oath can be taken in eases where he will
naturally have a bias, why not in cases wlicie he is
likely to have none?''
"Consider the case of a riotous white attack on a
colored school kept by a white woman. A black who
witnessed the outrage is called to tell what he knows,
and turned oft" because the sehoohna'am was white,
like the rowdies; so he is not a competent witness,
unless he can swear that the roughs assaulted also a
pupil; then he may be. Why is the distinction made
but. to insult and degrade the blacks?
"The Cincinnati Commercial has a letter from a
coricspondent traveling through Mi«sis>ippi, who
states that tho baibarous vagrant law recently passed
bvtho rebel State Legislature is ligidly unforced, ami
under its piovisions the freed slaves arc rapidly being
1 eenslaved. No negro is allowed to buy, rent, or lease
any real estate: all minors of any value arc taken
from their parents and bound out to planters; and
every frccdman who does not contract for a year s
labor is taken up as a vagrant. The officers of the
Ercedmen's Bureau arc often not accessible, and the
freedmen aie kept back, by the distance, fiom com-
plaining. Finally, th<* writer estimates, it would
take an armyot twenty thousand men to compel the
planteis to do justice to the freedmen.
"This bill takes right hold of this matter, and sub-
jects the oppressors to pains and penalties which they
will seldom choose to invoke."
Since this statement of the condition of south-
ern law, I believe Georgia, by an act of March
17, 18GG, has made provision for the enforce-
ment of civil rights.
It is barbarous, inhuman, infamous, to turn
over four million liberated slaves, always loyal
to the Government, to the fury oi theii rebel
masters, who deny them the benefit of all laws
fur the protection of their civil rights. To do
so, would make the age of Draco and Nero
respectable in comparison with the infamy of
this. It is partly because there is no such law
that the Freedmen's Bureau now, by order of
the President, interposes military authority to
secure the civil rights of the white Union pop-
ulation, and of the freedmen, the wards of the
nation, in their new-born liberty.
I find in the testimony of Major General
Alfred H. Terry, commanding the department
of Virginia, which was taken before the recon-
struction committee, March, 18GG,the following:
"Question. "What. is the political character of tho
present Legislature of Virginia?
"Aimcer. I judge, by its actions and by the lan-
guage used by many of it?> members in debate, that
it is not a loyal Legislature.
"Question. In ease of the withdrawal of military
protection from Virginia, what would be tho con-
dition of the loyal people in Virginia, and of tho
blacks?
I think they would be in a lamentable
condition. So great is the prejudice entertained,
especially against tho-=e who were iaithful in their
obligations to the Government during tho war, that
1 do not think they would receive any adequate
protection for their rights of person and property
from the courts, and I think that they would bo
persecuted tlnough tho machinery of the courts, as
well as pihately. liven now, when military law
prevails in the State, and when military authority is
supreme, attempts wciemade iu the court d to punish
the Unionists lor acts done by them under military
authority during tho war, and 1 have been obliged
to niterfere, and release from prison men thusprosc-
cutcd.
"Question. Has that been of frequent occurrence?
"Answer. I have directed the cessation of pro-
ceedings in some five or six eases ot this kind. In
some of them the parties had been admitted to bail;
in some, they were impiiboned. 1 have released
those in prison, and in all cases have taken possession
of the indictments and warrants, and, when bonds
had been f,rh*n, of tho bonds.
"Question. Would the Unionists be safe in case of
the removal of the protecting troops?
"Anwr. £ think not. And in that opinion I am
supported by, as I think, the unanimous feeling of
the Unionists themselves, which has been frequently
and still continues to be expressed to me.
"Question. Has tho liberal poliej of President John-
son. in granting pardon.- and amnesties totherebels,
had the effect, in you) opinion, to increase or decreaso
the feeling of 1 espeettowaid the Government of the
J United States on the part of the people of Virginia,?
I "Auv/v.v. 1 am unable to trace results to their
[ causes in that matter; but since the tunc when X
took command, especially since military restraint
' has been so much relaxed as it has been during two
or thice months, disloyal publications havo very
much increased. They seem to Inive increased in
propor! on to tho relaxation of military restrnint.
" Question. The newspaper known asthcllichmona
Examiner has been recently suppressed by an order
emanating from General Grant?
"Ant-wr. Yes, sir.
"Qucvtwn. For tho utterance of disloyal^ senti-
ments, and of language insulting to the Unionists,
and to the northern section of the country?
"-/t/JsNw. Ye«, sir.
Qiirihon. How is it regarded? Is it regarded as
one ot the leading exponents of public feeling and
opinion in Virginia?
"Anvrer. It seems to be an exponent of the seces-
sion looting. ,, /■, ,
" Qwxtion. Did you execute the order of General
Grant? x1
"Ansicr. Tcaused it to bo executed. 1 gave tho
order to General Turner, who commands in llteh-
moud, and he executed it.
" Question, lias the order been revoked or modified
in anv way?
"A ns-mcr. It has.
" Question. By whose order, so far as you know?
"Anwrer. So* far as I know ofiicially, by Geneial
Grant's order.
''Question. Has it been revoked ?
" A itNirrr. It ha* been revoked, temporarily, by
Older of General Grant, and, as 1 understood, on tho
comli( ion that in the futuic it will not pursue a course
detrimental to the Government, or the growth or
expiession, in acts and wmds, of Union j>entmicnl
among tho people of the Slater lately in rebellion,
or to the cultivation of friendly relations between the
people of those {States, or any ot them, and the other
Stales of the Union ; and tluit at will not,in anyway,
fail in its editorial correspondence, 01 transfer of arti-
cles trom other newspapers, to give support, counte-
nance and friendship to the Union and its supporters.
'• Qwvtto*. What 1^their[ihelaterobel*]treatment,
generally, ot the freedmen?
"A nMur. It is very various. Many persons are
treating the freedmen kindly and justly, endeayoung
to accommodate themselves to the changed circum-
stances of the times, and to enter into the proper
relations between them, as between the employers
and the employed. Many others, on the contrary,
treat them with great harshness and injustice, and
seek to obtain their service without just compensa-
tion, and to 1 educe them to a condition which will
give to the former masters all tho benefits ol shivery,
and throw upon them none ofitsiesponsibilities.
" Question. So far asyoucan judge, whu h class is tho
most numerous those who treat the freedmen kindly
or those who treat them with injustice and severity?
The latter.
" Question. Do you think they greatly prcdommal e
in numbers? .
"Annwer. I can hardly estimate the relative pro-
portion. I thould think they predominate,
"Question. Do you suppose, from what you havo
