87 54
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
Senator imagines, wlvy is it that we have de-
creased. so largely the internal tax? I imagine
that we have thrown off at least fifty millions
by the change re&ntly made in the internal
revenue law. Is it the policy of Congress to
throw off fifty millions from the internal reve-
nue and to collect fifty or one hundred millions
pf increased duties upon the tariff? What sort
of a policy is that? Is that iustice?_
Mr. President, our New England friends have
found out that the tariff system begins to op-
erate in two ways. They find that our friends
in the central States have now power sufficient
to make them pay something m the shape of
tariff duties. For instance, a few years ago
they were in the habit of getting their coal
from Nova Scotia and other British Provinces,
and they received it free of duty. Now Penn-
sylvania and Maryland step in and say, "While
you are taxing everything, suppose you put a
tariff duty upon coal which you have been using
in your manufactures in New England," and
they have had to yield. They fought against
it, but I understand that that duty is left in this
bill. Hence it is that New England says she
has not much interest in it now, after having
enjoyed the benefits during the last four or five
years of increasing duties all the time. I say
that without any aspersion upon New Eng-
land, because these high tariffs have been a
necessity heretofore, and I applaud the loy-
alty, the intelligence, and the shrewdness of
our New England friends. I do not blame
them for supporting tariffs; but now our friends
in the central States find themselves strong
enough to make New England begin to pay ;
and hence New England folds her arms and
-says, "We have no especial interest in this
tariff." Why, sir, New England has a very
great interest in it, because it is a large manu-
facturing country; but they are injured by this
bill in a great many of their interests, and I
suppose in this one of coal; but in many other
respects they arc greatly benefited by the bill.
I am not, therefore, surprised that, however
much New England grumbled and complained
in the lower House against many of the pro-
visions of this measure, yet when it came to
the final vote, as has been stated, the New Eng-
land men voted for it simply because, taking
it all together, it was beneficial to that section.
I do not blame my friend from Ohio for arguing
in favor of the passage of this measure, because
Ohio is now one of the largest of our manu-
facturing States.
But, sir, if w§ are going to pass a tariff bill,
it is a measure of great importance, and it
needs more consideration than we can possi-
bly give to it now. I do not think, taking it alto-
gether, that much has been made by our friends
in the wool interest. Some of the western men
supposed they were going to gain much in this
tariff by a duty on wool; but when they come
to look at the final result, they will find that
they have scarcely increased the tariff on wool
at all, and yet have increased it from thirty to
fifty per cent, upon woolen manufactures ; and
I think in view of that result they will be dis-
posed to draw back. It turns out that the duty
on the raw material, wool, is not increased very
largely, but by the peculiar phraseology of the
bill, if I do not misunderstand it, it is a tariff
upon woolen manufactures instead of upon
wool. Hence it is that we have gone shear-
ing, and have not got anything. That is my
idea about it, and if my friend from Ohio in-
sists upon this plan being carried out, and it
is done, he will find in the course of a few
years that coin will be sent from the country
entirely, bankruptcy will succeed, the paper
of your national banks will fall to the ground,
and we shall find ourselves not only individ-
ually bankrupt but the nation in bankruptcy.
That is my idea; I cannot help so thinking;
and we shall find that agricultural productions
which are burned as fuel now will be contin-
ued to be burned as fuel in the West.
To mature a tariff bill requires more time
than we have now. 'There is no necessity for
it now. We have decreased the internal taxes
already, and we now have a very high protect-
ive tariff, and the idea of increasing it for the*
purpose of preventing importations is all moon-
shine. The idea that I must give one half of
my fortune to my neighbor in order to save the
public finances and to save the public credit,
is all moonshine. Gentlemen may make a
learned argument, and a very plausible one, to
induce me to believe it; but I will not believe
it.. Tell it to the Jews; tell it not to me.
I know it has been said, year after year, for
the last fiveyears, that we should check excess-
ive importations; but just as you increase the
tariff so you increase the paper currency of
the country and increase prices, and one merely
urges on the other; one is an aggravation of the
other, and it will continue so until after awhile
everything is done upon a false credit in the
community.
Mr. President, I perceive from the remarks
of the able chairman of the Finanqe Commit-
tee that he is not disposed to examine this bill
at this session. The weather is warm. We can-
not be expected tQ_remain here much longer;
we ought not to be required to do so. The
necessary legislation, that which is absolutely
essential, ought to be passed upon at once, and
then we ought to be permitted to leave this
capital. The people of the country ought not
to require at our hands that we should stay
here during this warm weather. This bill is a
measure of vast importance, one affecting the
financial, one affecting the commercial, one
affecting the agricultural and manufacturing
interests of the country to such an extent that
we ought to give it more time and more con-
sideration than we can possibly devote to it at
this session. I think, therefore, the Senator
from Iowa has made a motion for which the
country is indebted to him. It is exactly the
motion that ought to have been made. We
ought to get rid of the examination of this
measure at the present session, because it is
one not pressed upon us by any important in-
terest of the country; it is not needed by any
of the great interests of the country; but so
far from it, it is a measure which strikes, in
my judgment, at the best interests of the coun-
try both North and South, because while it
may benefit a few individuals it strikes at the
national heart, and ultimately, in my honest
judgment, will subvert all the great and best
interests of the land. Therefore it ought to
be postponed, and at the next session we should
begin at an early day and revise the tariff duties
in such a way as to do justice to North and
South, East and West.
Mr. WILSON. I shall vote, Mr. Presi-
dent, to commit this bill to the Committee on
Finance with instructions to report early in
-December. I shall so vote because I believe
the permanent interests of the whole country
demand that the adjustment of the tariff should
be made after the most thorough examina-
tion, research, and care. Congress cannot
take too much time nor devote too much at-
tention to the proper adjustment of a measure
that so deeply concerns the revenues of the
Government and the varied productive inter-
ests of the country. This great work should
be carefully performed, and it must be care-
fully performed, if it is to continue, as it ought
to continue, for some years. Nothing can be
more fatal to the industries of the country than
the frequent changes in the revenue laws that
have marked the last half dozen years.
We have revised the internal revenue sys-
tem of the country after the most elaborate
examination, and the adjustment of the duties
on foreign imports demands and should re-
ceive the same intelligent care. The internal
revenue bill just passed will remove the bur-
dens imposed in time of war upon the produc-
tive interests of the country. I think it can do
no harm if we shall wait four months see
how this great measure shall affect the busi-
ness interests of the people. If we wait until
December, if we bestow the same care upon
the revision of the tariff that we have bestowed
upon the internal revenue system, we shall not
be forced to change it within the next year or
two.
I know, sir, that there are some interests that
will be promoted by the immediate passage of
this bill that comes to us from the House of
Representatives. There are other and great
interests that will not be plprnoted by its enact-
ment. I have received many letters from busi-
ness men of intelligence and character showing
how certain provision? of this bill will injuri-
ously affect some of the leading interests of
the country. There are mistakes and errors
in this measure—mistakes and errors that can
only be corrected by devoting more time than
we can now command to its examination.
Surely the interests of the country will not ma-
terially suffer by tlie'delay of a few months.
The Senator from Missouri tells us that the
wool-growing interest has made but a poor
arrangement—that they went wool-gathering
and got fleeced. I think the Senator is alto-
gether mistaken. At any rate the wool-grow-
ing interest has made an arrangement that will
annually impose upon the manufacturers of the
country an average of at least $40,000,000 for
the next five years. The passage of this meas-
ure will stimulate theraising of wool, especially
in the West, and the increased supply will after
four or five years unquestionably reduce tho
prices of the article. On a large portion of the
articles manufactured from the wool protected
by this bill, the manufacturers gain nothing by
this arrangement. There are, however, some
woolen manufactures that would gain by the
passage of this measure.
Mr. HENDERSON. Tfeere is a large in-
crease upon every woolen manufacture.
Mr. WILSON. There is an increased duty
on all articles manufactured from wool, but
the increase on some of them is less than the
increase on the wools out of which they are
manufactured. There is one interest that has
sprung up during the past few years that will
be largely benefited by the passage of this bill;
I mean the worsted interest. Eight or ten mil-
liou dollars have been invested in the manu-
facture of worsteds, making an annual product
of eighteen or twenty millions. The wools are
imported from Canada, and under the recipro-
city treaty came in duty free. These wools now
pay a duty, and the worsted interest is suffer-
ing greatly by the duty imposed upon the Cana-
dian wools. This interest ought to be relieved,
and I wish we could secure such legislation as
would afford immediate relief.
I said the other day, Mr. President, in reply
to, the remarks of the Senator from Indiana,
that this tariff hjid a western origin. I again
repeat that this tariff originated, not in New
England, but in the Northwest. It came from
the wool-growers west of the Alleghanies, who
have a deeper interest in its passage than the
people of any other section of the country. I
do not oppose the passage of the bill now be-
cause it had a western rather than an eastern
origin. What I objected to the other day
and what I object to now is that New Eng- ,
land should be singled out and charged with
the sin of the paternity of this measure. While
the representatives of Massachusetts, and of
New England have voted on general principles
for this bill, they have so voted with a great
deal of hesitation, doubt, and reluctance. They
saw what was clear to the comprehension of
gentfemen of ordinary intelligence, that this*
measure imposed increased duties upon raw
material, increased largely the cost of produc-
tion, and subjected the manufacturing and me-
chanical interests of their section to the censure
and hostility of those who spare no occasion to
manifest their hostility to that ssction of our
country.
I am not among those who believe that the
lasting interests of the country will suffer by
allowing this proposed revision of the tariff to
be carefully examined by commissioning the
Finance Committee, in whom we have confi-
dence, and in whom the country has great con-
fidence, to bestow upon this measure the time
required to make as perfect a measure as the
wit of man can devise. Believing that it will
be for the lasting interests of all sections of the
country that this new tariff bill shall be wisely
