772
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
following cases,; which were laid upon the table
and ordered to be printed:
The petition of Henry Pease and others, pray-
ing for pensions; and
The petition of citizens of Alleghany county,
Pennsylvania, asking for pensions.
ALTAZEBA L. WtLCOX.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported a bill granting a
pension to Mrs. Altazera L. Wilcox, of Che-
nango, New York; which was read a first and
second time.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am instructed by the
eommitfee to ask for the consideration of this
bill at the present time.
The bill was read at length. It provides that
there shall be granted to Mrs. Altazera L.Wil-
cox, widow of a private of company B, one
hundred and fourteenth regiment of New York
volunteers, a pension at the rate of eight dol-
lars per month, to commence from and after
the passage of this act, and to continue during
her widowhood.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BENJAMIN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOHN HOfl'MAM.
Mr. BENJAMIN also, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill granting a pension to
John Hoffman, of Madison county, in the State
of New York; which was read a first and sec-
ond time.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am instructed by the
committee to ask the consideration of this bill
at this time.
The bill was road at length. It provides that
there shall be granted to John Hoffman, of
Madison county, *New York, a pension at the
rate of eight dollars per month, to commence
from and after the passage of this act, and to
continue during his natural life.
Mr. SPALDING. Let the report be read,
that we may understand the necessity for this
bill.
The report was read. It states that John
Hoffman enlisted in the United States marine
service at,Philadelphia on the 10th of August,
1827. While serving on the Grampus at Pen-
sacola, he was twice admitted to the hospital
there for disease contracted while in the line of
his duty; and he was finally discharged at New
York on the 6tli of May, 18150. 11 is well estab-
lished by the testimony of respectable persons
that the, petitioner has never recovered from the
disease he contracted on ship-board while in the
line of his duty. He is aged and in very des-
titute circumstances, and the committee there-
fore report a bill for his relief.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
,pnd read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BENJAMIN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed, and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ISABELLA FOOQ.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, also reported a bill granting
a pension to Mrs. Isabella Fogg, of the State
of Maine; which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am instructed by the
committee to ask for the consideration of this
bill at this time.
The bill was road at length. It provides that
a pension shall be granted, at the rate of eight
dollars per month, to Mrs. Isabella Fogg, of
the State of Maine, to commence from and after
the passage of this act, and to continue during
iifir natural life; she h<\vrng been totnllv clisa-
bled while acting as nurse on board a United
States hospital boat, near Louisville, Kentucky.
Mr. WASHBOIiN, of Massachusetts. I no-
tice that this bill is not in the form usual with
bills of this character, which generally provide
that the pension shall continue during widow-
hood. 1 therefore move to amend the bill by
striking out the words " natural life'' and in-
serting the word "widowhood."
Mr. BENJAMIN. I think I can satisfy the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Washbubn]
that his amendment should not prevail. I am
aware that it is the general policy of the Govern-
ment in granting pensions to confine them to the
widowhood of the parties. That, however, is
in the case of persons receiving pensions in con-
sequence of being widows of those who have
lost their lives in the service of their country.
But this pension is proposed to be granted on
account of the services the party herself has
rendered; not because she is the widow of a
soldier or sailor, or of any one who has lost his
life in the service, but in consequence of her
having been herself disabled while in the ser-
vice. Hence the committee were in favor of
granting her a pension during her natural life,
thus placing her upon the same footing, in that
respect, as if we were granting a pension to a
soldier or a sailor. She appears to have been
in the service as a nurse, and it is in conse-
quence of disability incurred in that position
that this pension is asked and granted by the
committee. *
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. This
is not a matter in which 1 am particularly in-
terested, but I would suggest that the principle
the House has adopted in all this class of cases
is to grant the pension during widowhood. The
object of the pension is to give support to the
widow, and if that support is provided at any
future time by marriage, the necessity for the
pension ceases. T only make this suggestion
from the fact that the action of the House has
always been to give a pension to a woman dur-
ing her widowhood.
Mr. STROUSE. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Missouri a single question. I desire
to inquire whether this class of persons are not
provided for in the general law the same as
males who have been in the service?
Mr-. BENJAMIN. They are not provided
for.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think they ought to be
provided for by general law. There is a large
elass of persons who have rendered service in
this way, and who are no doubt entitled to the
bounty of the Government.
Mr. BENJAMIN. We have had the matter
under consideration, and the law, we think,
will undoubtedly be extended so as to embrace
employes of the G overnment.
Mr. FAllNSWORTH. I trust, Mr. Speaker,
that the amendment of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts will not prevail. This is not, as I
understand, the ease of a woman who asks a
pension on account of the disability or death of
her husband. The pension is asked on account
of a disability incurred by the lady herself while
acting as a nurse attending on our sick soldiers.
I see no reason why a woman who has con-
tracted a disability in the service of the Gov-
ernment during this war is not as much entitled
to a pension for life as a man who has con-
tracted disability in the same way.
In the case of a woman who applies for a
pension on account of the death of her husband
or father or brother, a different principle, of
course, applies. The pension in such a case
is granted upon the principle that the woman
is dependent upon her husband or father or
brother for support, and when she marries she
ceases to be thus dependent. But in such a
case as this, where the woman herself has been
in the service of the Government, and has while
so engaged become disabled, she should have
a pension for life. Thus far I am in favor of
"women's rights.''
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I de-
sire simply that the blouse shall understand
this question. There is one important distinc-
tion which gentlemen seem to overlook. In the
ease of a person disabled, the general law gives
him a pension during that disability; and when-
ever the disability ceases—it may cease in the
course of a year or two—the pension ceases.
But whenever we pass a special act, that, act con-
tinues in force during the lifetime of thep.erson
receiving the pension, whether the disability
continues or not.
Now, the controlling principle of all our legis-
lation in regard to pensions granted to widows
has been that such pensions are granted to aid
the recipients to obtain a livelihood during their
widowhood, and that in ease of the remarriage
of a widow, the necessity for her obtaining a
livelihood by her own exertions ceases. Hence
the pension, according to the principle of our
pension law, continues only during widowhood.
My reason for offering my amendment is that
I object to the provision of the bill in this re-
spect, because it is contrary to the general rule
which has been established by the House, limit-
ing these pensions to the widowhood of the re-
cipient. I only desire that the principle estab-
lished in previous cases shall be followed in this
instance.
If there is to be any change in this respect,
it should, it seems to me, be a change in the
general law. We should not say that in nine
cases out of ten the pension shall be during
widowhood, and that in the tenth case it shall
be during the natural life of the party.
The object in such cases as this should be, I
think, not to grant a certain stipend during the
life of the pensioner, but to furnish her assist-
ance so long as she may need it; and if she
changes her condition so that she no longer
requires assistance, the pension, according to
the whole policy of our pension laws, should
cease. The amendment which 1 have offered
is in accordance with our previous legislation,
and I think it should be adopted.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I call for the reading of
the report accompanying the bill.
The report was read.
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 desire to say a few words
in reply to the gentleman from Massachusetts.
In my opinion—and it is the opinion in which
the committee share—it would make no differ-
ence as to the granting of this pension, if this
lady now had a husband. She herself has ren-
dered the service; she herself has suffered the
disability. I will add that her disability is total;
but notwithstanding that, she would, by being
placed on the pension rolls, co.me within the rulo
adopted at the Pension Office, and be obliged to
undergo a close examination, as every other pen-
sioner is obliged to do. Should she perchance
recover, I apprehend the pension will cease.
As I said before, we are granting this pension
in consequence of the disability she has received,
as a reward for the services she has rendered,
and not in consequence of the services of a hus-
band orson, or any other person. This being the
case, we cannot see why any distinction should
be made between a soldier, one of the male,
sex, to whom this Congress would grant a pen-
sion. and one of the other sex. I trust, there-
fore, the amendment of the gentleman will not
prevail, and that the House will grant tjio pen-
sion asked for during her natural life, whether
she marries or not. She has rendered service,
effective service ; and the fact of that service
has been attested by some of the most promi-
nent officers who have served during the war.
They certify to the assiduity with which she
attended to the wounded soldiers during all the
campaigns of the army of the Potomac,"and the
other armies of the country. Before the close
of the war she was disabled in this way. She
is totally disabled. There is no possibility of
her recovery, and but little probability of her
living for many years. I trust that the amend-
ment will not prevail.
Mr. HENDERSON. Mr. Speaker. I under-
stand that this bill asks for a pension in consid-
eration of her own services, and not in consid-
eration of the service of lier husband. Now,
I do not see why that pension should cease if
she should marry. I hope that this House will
not he so ungallant as to say that a lady who
has rendered important service to the country
shall only have her pension so long as she re-
mains single and shall cease when she mar-
ries, It is "wrong. I hope that the House will
