3756
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
hope that this great subject will not be post-
poned for a moment.
What was the argument of the Senator from
Missouri? He says if we put a tariff op higher
than what we have had, it will increase importa-
tions, and we shall be overwhelmed with for-
eign goods. That is a way of considering the
subject that I never had thought of; but if there
is any truth in it, it shows the greater necessity
immediately of raising your tariff. Our pov-
erty ig this country, and our inflated currency,
arise from the fact that your gold mines are
absorbed at once by Europe. Your gold does
not stay here an hour; it goes right off to Eu-
rope to pay for what? The clothes you wear
upon your backs and wherewith you clothe your
families, and for the products of their manufac-
tories, coming in direct competition wish the
raw material here, because the raw material
raised in other countries is worked up and
brought in here in competition with our own.
Sir, I am the advocate of the wool-grower's
interest, and every other interest in the North-
west; and, in my judgment, western gentle-
men stand in their own light when they throw
open the trade of the world to the monopolies
of England or even New England. I feel that
New England is comparatively indifferent on
this subject. She will vote for the measure.
She will vote for it on patriotia principles, if
none other, because I am not the man to dis-
parage New England. But, sir, as I said be-
fore, her establishments, which when in their
infancy were built up by the protection of the
Government, have now become strong enough
to stand on their own feet, and in all the coarser
fabrics perhaps can compete with the world,
and are not very solicitous for a tariff for pro-
tection. It is true, on many of the finer and
more costly fabrics they need protection now ;
but they cap do very well with the coarser kind;
and in that way they are indifferent, as I said
before. But we of the Northwest are vitally
interested in it, for our vast products of wheat,
corn, beef, flour, &c., cannot profitably find a
foreign market; they are too bulky; the trans-
portation is too expensive; their whole value
is absorbed by the conveyance. The way to
prevent that is to encourage manufacturing
establishments to grow up among us, where
they can take the advantage of our cheap food,
and have the manufacturer along-side of the
consumer. I should think every man would
bo for it; but the Northwest I know and feel
are interested in it; and I am a northwestern
man.
The Senator says that Ohio is a great man-
ufacturing State. Sir, that is not so. What
few manufactories we have are in their infancy,
and free trade would annihilate them at a blow.
He says wo have increased the tariff during
the war. So wo did ; and your war would have
been a failure and your bonds would have been
no better than confederate bonds to-day if you
had had no tariff. Your paper would have been
multiplied endlessly, and would have been
worth nothing. It was your tariff that upheld
it. It is yt>ur tariff that by encouraging Amer-
ican labor must keep your specie from going
out of the country. There is no other way to
do it. Tlje gentleman talks of increasing the
specie basis. How are 3-ou going to do it? Ho
could not tell us how he would do it. He
says that fifty millions of specie, in less than
six months, have gone out of the country. I
say that all your specie, if you get one hundred
millions from all the mines of your country,
will go out to pay foreign productions that
could be made much better at home as fast as
you can dig it out of the mines. We must have
a better policy. This unreasonable method
must give way to a more enlightened policy.
Why does Great Britain send her emissaries
here preaching free trade all the time, subsi-
dizing presses to advocate it, hiring traveling
agents to preach it, expending millions to per-
vert our minds onthatsubject? Why, sir, her
people were the most highly protected on the
face of the earth, until by encouraging her own
labor and building up her own manufactures
shehad acquired the monopoly of manufactures
throughout the world by the very process of
protection; and when she stood so high, with
her machinery all perfect, her wealth infinite
and ready to annihilate any infant establish-
ments, then, for the same reasons that she had
secured the exclusive manufactures of the world
by protection, shepreaches nowfreetrade, that
she may keep that monopoly and prevent other
nations from growing up and manufacturing to
vie with her. That is all there is of that. Be-
sides, sir, most of her croaking about free trade
is perfect hypocrisy; for if you look at her
tariff to-day it is more protective than ours.
She raises a greater revenue to-day from the
importation of foreign goods than we do ; yet
she is croaking about protection all the time.
Every article that she can manufacture; every
article that will build up her interests she pro-
tects; and where she has such a monopoly that
she can overwhelm other establishments in
other countries, there she preaches free trade.
Sir, I hope we shall not be gulled by this song
of free trade from across the ocean. "Take
no counsel of your enemies" is the first lesson
of war. She teaches that to us, and it ought
to be a beacon to warn us off the coast. She
never teaches anything for our advantage
knowingly; for a more selfish nation never
existed on the face of God's earth, nor a more
tyrannical one, nor one that grinds down the
face of the poor with such remorseless energy
as does Great Britain.
Now, sir, I can see no reason on earth why
the Senate of the United States, with so elab-
orate a system, almost perfected, except that
we are to pass our judgments upon the work
before us, should postpone its consideration.
It has been got into shape, and does not require
the labor they had to go through with in the
House in order to understand it. It is organ-
ized ; the evidence is all at hand ; it is ready ;
the brief is made up, and the judge can take
his notes and go through with it in one tenth
of the time and with one tenth part of the labor
that was bestowed upon it in the House, and
come to an enlightened conclusion. In view of
this fact, and while the great interests of the
country are watching for us to fix something
that they may rely upon, for Heaven's sake let
us not disappoint them by our indolence, our
childish impatience to leave these Halls and go
home. Let us not sacrifice the great interests
of the country. Let us stay her'e until we have
perfected our work, if it takes us the year round.
That is why we took upon ourselves the bur-
dens of this position, and we have no right to
relinquish it while anything profitable to the
country is to be done. That is all I wish to
say about it.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, I am really
curious to know where the Senator from Ohio
has discovered that trade and business are in
such a languishing condition as he has repre-
sented, and what particular branches of indus-
try are in such a bad condition. So far as I
have heard or been able to investigate the sub-
ject, my opinion is exactly the reverse of that
of the Senator from Ohio. I suppose that the
best evidence upon this subjectistobefound in
your internal revenue returns. They show that
during the last month the receipts were upward
of twelve million dollars ; and I see published
in the newspapers that in one day during the
present month we have received upward of
two million dollars. Does that show that busi-
ness is languishing anywhere? Are not the
mills all running to their full capacity? Are not
the iron manufactories in Pennsylvania, and
elsewhere, rolling out all the iron they can
possibly roll out? Does the Senator suppose
that they roll it out to a disadvantage or a loss
to themselves? And if they have not made
such immense profits during the past year,
how much, let me ask the Senator from Ohio,
have we relieved them by the passage of the
internal revenue law? We have removed the'
entire excise upon railroad iron; we have
removed all the excise upon bloom and pig
metal; we have removed a portion of the ex-
cise on all other manufactures of iron; we
have removed ail excise upon the coal. Will
that cause their business to languish? Will
not that, on the contrary, be an incentive for
them to push their works to a still greater ex-
tent than they have already pushed them ? Are
not thes-e men to be satisfied with what we have
already done? Is it possible that they are not
willing to allow us to deliberate two or three
months to see how this bill may affect our in-
terests; but after having succeeded in indu-
cing Congress to relieve them from these bur-
dens, as they considered them, will they still
insist that wo must pass another bill specially
for their benefit"and to our disadvantage?
But the Senator talks ^ great deal about the
pauper labor of Europe. Lhave heard a great
dealgOf that kind of discussion upon the stump.
Sir, 1 stand here as the representative of the
laboring man quite as much as the Senator
from Ohio, and it is not to be thrown in my
teeth that I am not as willing as he, or as any-
body elSe, to protect the laboring man. I do
not stand here as the representative of a class.
I do not stand here as the representative of the
wool-growers alone, who, among my constit-
uents, are not more than one in a thousand.
How is this wool duty, which the Senator says
has come to us all prepared, the judge's notes
drawn out, and all that is necessary for us to
do is merely to reduce the thing to form, and
then we have discharged our duty and can go
quietly home? Why, sir, they induced the
western wool-growers, it seems, to consent to
a slight change in the classification of wool by
which there will be an increased duty of four
or five per cent. The wool-growers tell me
that it will increase the value of their article,
they suppose, five cents a pound, not more;
and what then? They have got that change
made in order to protect the wool-grower from
introducing what is called the mestiza wool
from South America and the Cape of Good
Hope, which, coming in a very dirty condi-
tion, is of low value, but when cleansed and
scoured competes with our wool and makes
the same kind of fabric that the American
wool does. The wool manufacturer says, "We
will consent to this addition -to your duty, but
you must consent to add forty per cent, to the
duty on the woolen fabric when it is made; " and
that is dono. Now, does it not strike the Sen-
ator from Ohio that the wool manufacturer, if
he can get that additional duty upon his manu-
factured fabric, can afford to pay for the mes-
tiza wool under this tariff just as much as he
could afford to pay for it under the old tariff?
Where, I ask the Senator from -Ohio, is the
advantage to the wool-grower under that con-
dition of things? The manufacturer gets the
additional duty that you impose upon the for-
eign wool; and then what is the condition of
the consumers, who I say here are as nine hun-
dred and ninety-nine in this country to one
producer of wool? They are compelled to pay
the burden that is put upon wool, and then
compelled to pay the burden that is also im-
posed upon the woolen fabric; and with the
passage of such a bill as this, an ordinary coat,
such as the Senator and I wear in the winter
season, would cost from $100 to ยง2001 expect,
or something in that neighborhood.
Mr. President, I have not come here to rep-
resent the wool-growers. I come here to rep-
resent the mass of the people of my State who
wear the woolen fabric when it is made up into
goods; and they do not tell mo to vote for any
such provision as this. They do not tell me
to put three dollars a thousand on lumber which
is to go into the houses and to fence the farms
on the western prairies, for the sake of getting
any such tax as this on wool. They do not tell
me to agree to put fifty dollars a ton on iron,
which goes into their wagons and their plows
and theirharrows forthesake of gettinga little
advantage te a few wool-growers. They do not
tell me to oppress the mass of the people for
the sake of securing an advantage to a select
few. Sir, the wool-growers of my State are
intelligent men. They have never asked me
nor my colleague to vote for any such bill as
this. They do not want us to do it. They
would repudiate us, and I believe justly re-
