THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
they pretty unanimously concur in the idea that
the superintendency of this institution ought
not to be confined exclusively to one corps of
the Army. There is no reason for it. There
are many very distinguished officers serving in
the line who might with propriety be selected
to superintend the institution. I am opposed
to this exclusiveness, and I believe the tend-
ency of it has a deleterious effect upon the
institution and upon the Army itself. For my
own part, I am anxious that the amendment
should be adopted, and that the superintend-
ency of the institution shall be thrown open
for the Secretary of War to select the person
best fitted for that position from any corps in
the service, whether he belongs to the line or
the staff, whether to the engineers or the ord-
nance, the infantry, the cavalry, or the artillery.
I think it is proper that the change should be
made. There is no reason why the selection
should be confined to the Engineer corps now.
There was a reason for it, perhaps, when the
institution was originated, for it was then
strictly an engineer school. If it was strictly
an engineer school now, it would be proper to
confine the selection to an engineer officer; if
it was a cavalry school, it would be proper that
a cavalry officer should have charge of it; and
so, if it was an infantry or artillery school, an
officer of that branch should have charge of it.
But now it embraces all branches of the ser-
vice. I think the restriction which is now im-
posed on the Secretary of War in selecting the
Superintendent should be removed, and that he
should have authority to make the best selec-
tion he can from the entire Army. I do not
think there is any more appropriate place for
a provision making the change than this reso-
lution. The Board of "Visitors for several years
have recommended this change. I have al-
ready read the recommendation made by the
board of last year; and it is the very first rec-
ommendation which they made in their report,
and I think they urge very good reasons for it.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to inquire of the
Senator from Oregon what are the deleterious
effects he speaks of that have resulted from
permitting this School to continue under the
charge of the Engineer corps.
Mr. NESMITH. There is an exclusiveness
about it that I think is improper in the Army.
I do not think that an engineer officer is any
better fitted to manage an institution of this
kind than a cavalry or infantry or artillery
officer. I think the wrong consists in the
exclusion, and it causes dissatisfaction in other
corps of the Army, and I know of no reason
why it should continue. I know that the Boards
of Visitors who have devoted their attention to
the subject, have come to the same conclusion
that I have. Officers in other corps of the
Army see no reason why this superintendency
should be confined to the Engineer corps, while
the School is not a mere engineer school; and
I think so myself.
The amendment was rejected.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendment made as
in Committee of the Whole was concurred in.
Mr. NESMITH. I now renew my amend-
ment in the Senate, which was rejected in com-
mittee ; and I ask for the yeas and nays on it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GRIMES. Ever since the foundation
of the Government, the Military Academy has
been under the superintendence of the Engi-
neer corps. I believe that the first time in my
life that I ever heard special objection urged
to it has been here to-day, although I think on
some former occasion some member of this
body did propose such an amendment as is
now offered by the Senator from Oregon.
There are several reasons why the rule was
established and enacted into a law that the
Engineer corps should have the charge of the
Academy. One was—and it is a principal
reason with me now—that the moment you open
it to the whole Army you make it much nearer
a political office than it is now. There will be
a constant scramble among the five thousand
officers in the infantry, the artillery, tHe cav-
alry, the ordnance, and the engineers, to'secure
the superintendency of the Academy; and it
will go, not on account of the merits of the
particular person who may seek it, but because
of the political influence that may be brought
to bear in his behalf.
I am as much opposed, I believe, to any kind
of exelasiveness as anybody ought to be; but
it seems to me that the reason I have just given
js a very substantial reason why the old system
"should be adhered to, especially when we know
that it has thus far worked well. The reason
why an engineer has been hitherto selected for
this purpose and why the law requires him to
be selected is that the Engineer corps is com-
posed of what properly, I think, may be called
the elite of the men who graduate at the Mili-
tary Academy. They are the best educated
men; they are the first two or three men in
each class who graduate at the head of the
class, the most accomplished men. Now, sir,
if you owned the Military Academy yourself, and
were going to educate your boys there, would
you select a man who graduated at the foot of
his class, or would you select a man who was
confessedly the best scholar or one of the best
scholars of the class? Taking the Superintend-
ent from the Engineer corps leaves a range,
it seems to me, sufficiently lax-ge. I think there
are above the rank of first lieutenant some
thirty-five or forty officers, the most accom-
plished men in the Army in point of education
and accomplishments of every description ; and
without any substantial reason being j^iven for
it, except the mere recommendation of a board
of civilians who went there, a part of them, I
believe, at that time in the volunteer service,
and each of whom thought he was perfectly
competent to take charge of the Military Acad-
emy himself, and perhaps looked forward to the
time when he would be Superintendent of the
Military Academy, I do not think it is wise for
us, without any further consideration than we
have been able to give the subject here in this
morning hour, to change the rule that has existed
ever since the Academy was established in 1801.
Mr. NESMITH. The Senator from Iowa,
I apprehend, is under a mistake in saying that
this is a new question. I have often heard of
it before. It is a question that has been agi-
tated in the Army for many years, and I think
has been embraced in several reports of the
Boards of Visitors to the Academy. As to this
proposition making a scramble in the Army or
increasing the area of that scramble, I do not
think there is any evil of that sort to be appre-
hended from it. If evils are to result from that
scramble, we have them now in the Engineer
corps, and I do not think it will be enlarged by
enlarging the area from which tkis selection
may be made. I do not think any evil is going
to result from a scramble among Army officers
to get a place where they do not properly apply
for it, but where the Secretary of War, under
the direction of the President, makes the selec-
tion from the officers that he considers the most
competent.
Now, sir, in relation to this matter of gradu-
ating at the head of the class, I do not believe
because a man happens to graduate at the head
of his class at West Point that he has any
superior capacity or qualification for training
up young men as soldiers than the man who
may happen to have graduated lower down.
I know'some very distinguished officers in the
Army who have graduated at West Point very
near the foot of the class, and I know some
very great fools who graduated near the head
of the class. I think, on an average, you will
find about as much capacity along half way
down the list of those who graduated in that
institution as you will in those who graduated
at the head. Those who graduated at the head
are those who manifest superior capacity in
mathematics and those questions that have no
direct relation to soldiership or the capacity as
soldiers, but a mere inclination derived from
books and a capacity of demonstrating mathe-
matical problems. I do not think that sort of
qualification is entirely necessary to train a
man up and make him a good soldier. Under
your old rule, Grant, Sherman, Sheridan,
Hancock, and fifty other officers whom I might
name, would be excluded, and I apprehend
any of those officers would be just as compe-
tent to take charge of this institution and train
up men for soldiers as any officer who can be
selected from the Engineer corps. I believe
they are better qualified for the position. They
are men of more practical common sense, and
they are likely to instill and inculcate such ideas
into the young men who are there. I am op-
posed to this exclusiveness and to keeping the
superintendency of this institution in any single
corps of the Army. I believe this practice
should be abolished. I believe the interests
of the Army, the interests of the institution
itself, and the interests of the country demand
it; and I hope the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the Senator
from Oregon is mistaken in supposing that this
proposition has ever been recommended before
in any report of the Board of Visitors. I do
not think that the Board of Visitors to the Mil-
itary Academy, as it is generally made up, is
very well calculated to advise anybody on the
subject of military affairs. Once in awhile
some persons are appointed who may be com-
petent to do so; but on looking over the list,
you find a distinguished clergyman, a distin-
guished lawyer, the editor of a newspaper—
friends, probably, of the members who selected
them, according to the rule of selection, from
their several districts. I understand the rule
to be that they represent all the States, not all
at once, but in rotation, and the districts of
the several States, also; and the selection of
the person to visit the Academy is generally
given to the member from the district; some-
times to a Senator who has a friend. Upon
many matters of business that occur at the
Military Academy, upon the state of the build-
ings, and the improvements necessary to be
made there, and occasionally the scholarship
—for sometimes a distinguished professor of a
college is sent there to attend the examination,
&c.—they might be competent to judge; but
as to what is advisable in regard to military
matters, I should say they were no more fit
and no better qualified, ordinarily, to decide
those questions than we are ourselves, if we
were placed in the same relation, and I cer-
tainly should not think my information veiy
good on that subject.
But, sir, my rule has been in public affairs,
when I found that a thing had, in the long
course of years, worked well and been produc-
tive of good, to stand by that rather than to try
an experiment to see if I could make it better.
The principle upon which the superintendency
of the Academy was given to the Engineer corps
has been correctly stated by the Senator from
Iowa. The Military Academy is a school of
instruction, not a school of practice exactly,
for that practice makes but a small portion of
what is taught there. Tactics are learned there,
to be sure, and horsemanship, and other things
connected with military service; but it is a
school of instruction, that is, instruction in
those things which a military man should know.
Although, aS the honorable Senator from Ore-
gon intimates, a man may graduate at the head
of his class and turn out to be of very little
consequence afterward, yet, as a general rule,
I think the principle is a safe one, that those
who are the best instructed are the best quali-
fied to oversee and direct instruction ; and for
that reason, as it is a school of instruction, the
superintendency has hitherto been, by law, con-
fined to those who graduate in the front rank
of their respective classes. If you will look
through the Army records yon will find that
those men have, generally speaking, made dis-
tinguished and valuable officers, and even in
the field many of them have distinguished
themselves.
That being the case, as it is a school, I think
the man to be placed at the head of it should
be a man who is able to judge of how instruc-
tion should bo given in all the branches of
education ; and the engineers are the men who
are the best instructed in all the branches.
