1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
375?
pudiatc us, if we imposed such a bill as this
upon them.
The Senator talks about British free-trade
agents, and says that British gold has been dis-
tributed among members, perhaps, or among
agents  
Mr. WADE. I did not say any sneh thing.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator spoke about
British gold being used to influence the legis-
lation of Congress. That was his idea.
Mr. WADE. I said what I believe to be true,
that it subsidized papers, printed books, and
hired traveling agents to disseminate their free-
trade system.
Mr. CLARK. It sends documents here
every day.
Mr. WADE. I get them every day.
Mr. CLARK. My mail is full of them.
Mr. GRIMES. I can only say that this
British free-trade institution knows what Sen-
ators to apply to, for it has never applied to
me on the subject; it never sends its com-
munications to me. And let me say to the
Senator that I was raised as a tariff protection
Whig, and I still entertain the same notions in
regard to tariffs as those in which I was early
educated, and am just as much in favor of a
tariff as the Senator from Ohio is; but I am
not in favor of this tariff, nor am I in favor of
any tariff except the one that is now upon our
statute-books, until we can see what may be
the operation of our internal revenue law that
we have already passed. I know nothing about
this British Free-Trade League. I know there
is a Free-Trade League in New York, of which
I have heard, and I have seen some publications
that have been made by that organization.
My mind has not been influenced in the slight-
est degree by what they have said ; nor has it
been influenced by another organization gotten
up by the iron and coal men of Pennsylvania,
whose agent is about these Halls, and has been
here since this subject has been under consider-
ation, using his influence with members to in-
duce them to vote for this bill. I do not know
but that the free-trade men have just as inhe-
rent a right to organize, make publications,
raise money, disseminate information, and con-
trol public sentiment in Congress or out of it,
as have the men who are in favor of the pas-
sage of such a bill as this. I supposed that
any citizens of this country had a right to en-
tertain their own notions upon this or any other
subject, and had the right to impress them upon
their fellow-citizens in any honest and legiti-
mate way.
The Senator says that he wants this tariff bill
to pass. How long does the Senator suppose
it will remain upon our statute-books if we do
pass it? Does he not know that if it is dis-
covered, as I believe it will be, that it is im-
properly adjusted to our internal revenue law
it will be repealed and another one substituted
for it in December, or when we assemble to-
gether again ? Is it to the interest of the man-
ufacturers themselves that the tariff law should
be changed at every session of Congress? _ If
I were a manufacturer of anything I would im-
plore this Congress to let this bill rest where it
is, and when we shall have come together again
in December and have seen what is the condi-
tion of our foreign trade, what is the condition
in which the passage of the internal revenue
law has placed us, and seen, also, what we are
going to do in regard to the currency of the
country, then I would come before Congress
and ask them to pass such a law with a view
to having it remain permanently on the statute-
book, as I would be able to conduct my busi-
ness under it with some view to permanency. I
will tell the Senator that some of the largest
manufacturers in this country—1 know_one
man, a citizen of Massachusetts, a man of im-
mense wealth, a millionaire* the largest portion
of whose property is in the coal and iron fields
of Pennsylvania and Maryland, who has writ-
ten to the effect that he does not want this bill
to pass, but would prefer that it; should be post-
poned until further consideration can be given
to it by Congress; and I say that that man, in
my view, has exercised a wise discretion in
desiring it to be postponed.
Mr. President, if I have betrayed any unne-
cessary heat in the course of this discussion I
desire the Senate to remember that this is a
question which in my opinion—I may be wrong
—is vital to the interests of the State that I
have the honor in part to represent. I say
that the passage of this bill in anything like
the shape in which it is now lying upon your
table will be ruinous to the prosperity of Iowa.
In view of the considerations that I have pre-
sented, in view of the fact that at the best we
cannot pass this bill until some time in August,
and that all the postponement that I ask is for
three or four months, until we can come to-
gether again, when we shall understand the
operation of the laws bearing upon the ques-
tions of finance that we have already passed—
in view of all these considerations I do hope
that the Senate will agree to its postponement.
Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. President, I feel in-
clined to vote for this postponement: The
present existing tariff is surely high enough.
Under the tariff as it stands we have collected
during the last year $170,000,000. That is
almost double the amount of tariff duties that
we collected in prosperous times before the
war. I do not object to the amount; I do not
desire to see it reduced until I can see a fair
expectation of our funding our national debt,
to provide for its interest, and to commence
the work of reduction.
I understand that this new tariff bill goes
u^on the predication that the tariff is too low;
that we are importing too many goods; that
we are obtaining too much money, and that
we will repress the importations by an increase
of duties. It will have that effect, in my judg-
ment, and if we pass it we shall not get as
much from this tariff by nearly one half, if
not quite, as we get under the existing tariff.
I do not see how wc can spare the money in
the present exigency of the times.^ Gentle-
men may lament over the exportation of the
specie that we have taken from our mines. I
have no lamentations for that. It is the prod-
uct of labor; it is part of our national income;
and we have as much right to seize upon that
to pay for our foreign importations as any pro-
duction of the Northwest or any production
of the South or the accumulated wealth and
hoardings of the North. They are all within
the range of the annual production of the
country.
I desire to have this bill postponed because
I want to see the operation of the tax bill and
the reductions that we have made there, and
how a large and increased tariff, such as this
is, reducing our income from importations,
will square with the means that wc have pro-
vided to pay our interest, how it will affect the
funding of our debt, and how it will operate
upon that interest. I cannot see that it i s going
to operate in any way beneficially to the great
consuming interests. If this tariff reduces the
foreign importations, to some extent it will
increase the consumption of domestic manu-
factures and productions ; but will it cheapen
them? No, for the price willbe put on to bring
them just within the tariff that you impose upon
them, and the great consuming interests of the
United States will fail to be relieved, though
the Government will be relieved of the income
that we had for the payment of -the national
debt. . .
I think we should be careful in investigating
the bearing of this measure, not only in con-
nection with the new tax bill and the reduction
of the revenue, but in relation to the different
sections of the country. Having relieved rail-
road iron from the domestic tax imposed upon
our manufactures, I do not want them to put
more than that on the price of their domestic
article by increasing that duty. I believe they
can live and prosper under the present tariff.
Besides, there are a great many goods in this
country, and if we increase the tariff the im-
porters will claim the advance; they will exact
it; and we shall be legislating it into then-
pockets. This matter of interfering with the
tax laws materially, as this bill does, is a very
serious thing to the commerce and trade of the
country, what is to be the effect of peace
upon our foreign commerce? It has been
substantially broken and destroyed during the
war.
Besides, I want to go home. I am one of
those " childish" men that the gentleman from
Ohio mentions. I do not think it will do me
any harm to go home and breathe my native
air, and talk with my constituents on the sub-
ject of this tariff. I have always inculcated
the doctrine that the national debt should be
paid, that the honor of the nation is involved
in it, and that provision should be made for it
certain and sure. We should never act upon
any other calculation than that every dollar of
it is to be paid, for the honor and credit of the
nation are involved. I want, even in this thing,
to have an opportunity to say to my constitu-
ents, " So far as my voice could be raised in
favor of the payment of the national debt and
the saving of the honor of the Union I have
discharged my duty.'' I want to bring to their
attention the bearings that this extravagant
tariff, as I believe, shutting up our ports and
destroying and limiting our foreign trade, will
have uposi their future interests. Sir-, I want
the United Stales to compete for the commerce
of the world as she did before. Her sails whit-
ened every sea; her ships reached every coun-
try, and obtained for us that proportion of
wealth to which we were entitled as a great,
industrious, commercial people in comparison
with other nations.
I do not think it will do us any harm or the
country any harm to postpone the considera-
tion of this measure until the next session.
The gentleman from Ohio thinks we are shirk-
ing our duty if we postpone it, and that we are
ready to consider it. If gentlemen had been
as hasty in settling the great point of interest,
the restoration of all the States to their rela-
tions with the Union, they would not deny us
three months more about this thing; they would
consider that we needed it for its proper con-
sideration. We have been thinking about other
things during the year than the question of the
tariff, except, perhaps, some few gentlemen
who have brought it in in the other House,
where the bill was bound to originate. _ I am
sure it will do us no harm to postpone it and
consider it, and it will do the country no harm.
I believe it will result in a material modifica-
tion of this measure to the great interests of
the people and the commerce of the country.
Mr. WILSON. I do not know when the
vote will be taken on this question, and I ask
the unanimous consent of the Senate to intro-
duce a resolution which it is very important
should bo passed to-day.
Several Sexatoes. Let us take the vote
now.
Mr. WILSON. Very well; if the vote is to
be taken, I will not insist on introducing the
resolution now/-  
Mr. COWAN. I suppose it is not necessary
that I should say anything^ in order that my
opinions may be made public upon the subject
now under consideration. I am sorry that this
question is presented to us at this late time in
the session lor our consideration; but as I be-.
lieve it is an important measure, one vital to
the interests of the country, I think we should
not now avoid giving to it that attention which
it deserves. I had thought that when we were
obliged to levy a large amount by internal tax-
ation upon the industrial resources of the coun-
try, the vexed question of the tariff would be
settled, and settled, perhaps, finally. It seems,
however, that it is not. At the same time, I
cannot but think gentlemen must seethe neces-
sity of adjusting the tariff so as to make it cor-,
respond with our internal system of taxation.
It seems to me perfectly clear that if wo, for
instance, levy two dollars a gallon on whisky,
it would be madness to admit the importation
of whisky free. Everybody knows that that
would be to destroy our own manufacture and
