1838
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
minorities the rebels, were called upon to organ-
ize State governments and to form State consti-
tutions. The brave white loyalists of the South,
few in number, suffering, bleeding, and impov-
erished, appealed in vain for that protection
and recognition duo to exalted patriotism and
to their isolated position. Four millions of
black loyalists, notwithstanding the pledge of
the proclamation of freedom, were ignored, and
left to the mercy of an embittered and hostile
rebel population.
The appointment of men, as Governors of
some of the rebel States, fresh from the con-
claves of treason, and the encouragement thus
given to the rebel population these men repre-
sented, necessarily resulted adverse to all true
loyalty in the South, and paved the way to the
election of rebel generals and rebel officials,
as Governors and Senators and Representa-
tives of the " reconstructed'' States. Thus it is
that the men who one year ago were in the field
fighting against tlie Union, are to-day the rulers
of the southern States as of old, and demand
in imperious terms the right to govern, not only
the South, but the whole nation.
Sir, I deny this preposterous assumption in
all its forms, whether it comes from the trai-
tors themselves, or from their faithful allies
who have been concealed in the Union party
only to attempt its destruction. Nor must our
strength on this question be frittered away by
the cunning devices of political guerrillas. As
States, the South went into rebellion. In their
State capacity they attempted to confederate
together for the destruction of the Union and
the establishment of a separate nationality.
In my judgment, sir, it is the highest duty of
Congress to examine the condition, sentiment,
laws, and all the ramifications of the social
and political condition of these States in the
light of past experience, and in view of the
present and future welfare and safety of the
nation, as a preparatory step in any policy or
condition of restoration, and more especially
when the question of the reendowment of
the right of representation upon this floor and
at the other end of the Capitol, is considered.
Representatives from any State, loyal or dis-
loyal, should represent majorities and not
minorities. We should in noway be justified,
either by the dictates of justice or by a decent
regard ior the_ interests of the whole people,
to admit to this floor, men, on their individual
loyalty, simply because they could take the
test oath, while the great mass of their con-
stituents are disloyal and unrestrained in their
future actions by proper safeguards. Our first
duty, 1 repeat, is to inquire into the condition
of the constituency, and to settle the account
on the basis of national justice and in the spirit
of the Declaration of Independence.
What, then, is the condition of the rebel
States, and how and on what terms should
they be restored to their relations to the Fed-
eral Union ?
1 It is not my purpose to indulge in any unkind
criticism of those who once held their fellows
in bondage. Simple facts are sufficient. The
American people appreciate fully the control-
ling influences of education, of circumstances,
and of those germinal influences which produced
the southern character. The former slavehold-
ers are just what their system has made them.
They stand to-day, with all its evil influences
permeating their minds, and intensified by a
most mortifying defeat of cherished purposes,
fiercely contested and ardently sought. It is
but natural, sir, that they should hate not only
those who defeated them, but the principles
and^ purposes which animated the victors. Es-
pecially do they hate the loyal and defenseless
freedmen.
Every mail brings to us the records of
injustice and outrage. Every gathering of
the defeated yet struggling and defiant rebels,
shows conclusively that the only purpose enter-
tained by them is to hold on to as much of
slavery as possible. If the people of the rebel
Stales were as anxious to do justice to the
freedmen, and to establish republican liberty,
as they seem to be in maintaining old preju-
dices, and in perpetuating all the essential ele-
ments of slavery, we should speedily approach
the hour of complete restoration. -General
Howard, the present able head of the Freed-
men's Bureau, has given most vigorous expres-
sion in relation to the condition of affairs in
the South, in a late speech at the Cooper Insti-
tute, New York:
" They surrender slavery inch by inch and piece
by piece, but they will not give it up altogether
until constrained to do it by the power of freedom
itself. Compulsory labor is stamped upon every plan
yet proposed. Their whole thought seems to be, how
can we white men maintain our authority over these
black men? How keep them from renting lands,
from having disputes with us and testifying against
us in courts of law, and having a voice in framing
and executing the laws? The great majority of
southern people avow all this: it is a truth apparent
to every thinking man."
Sir, it is because they do avow this boldly
and frankly, and carry it out in their acts, that
I see the necessity of extending the strong arm
of the Federal power to redeem the plighted
faith of the nation in the protection of the
rights of its humblest but most loyal citizens.
I give my support to the humane and patriotic
measures of this Congress and to the principles
and the methods by which the desired result?
are to be obtained, entertaining no doubt of
our constitutional power. Tho second clause
of the great amendment expressly provides that
Congress shall have power to enforce emanci-
pation by all necessary legislation. Notwith-
standing this solemn injunction of the Consti-
tution, we are told by the gentleman from New
Jersey [Mr. Rogers] that all our legislation
framed in the interests of liberty, is an infringe-
ment of the rights of the States, and that it is
of an unconstitutional character, and that the
rebel States themselves, through their courts,
would be sufficient to protect the rights of the
people. In other words, the control of the
southern States should be surrendered to the
rebels. It would be easy to show how im-
possible it is for tho freedmen at this stage of
southern development to receive anything like
justice, protection, equity, at the hands of the
communities which were built upon his forced
labor and are now depressed by his forced
emancipation. Judges, juries, lawyers, offi-
cers, must for many years, certainly during
this generation, carry with them such a hatred
and contempt for the freedmen as to utterly
preclude the idea that they can do him fuHi
justice. A negro testifying in a State court
against a white man, will labor under the dis-
advantage for many years of being despised by
the local court and the local population. Now,
sir, I do not say this in reproach, but as a
simple illustration of a well-understood truth.
I want these people, necessarily standing for
awhile in an exceptional position, and having
been pledged the national honor for their pro-
tection, to know that they maj' turn from the
prejudices which must and will affect local tri-
bunals, and under the broad regis of the Union
find those ample guarantees, which, not to
insure them, will forever dishonor ns.
Mr. Speaker, the last four years of our his-
tory has reversed the position of the nation.
Oar pathway must now lead in the direction
of freedom, justice, an enlarged liberty to the
citizen, and a nobler civilization in the prog-
ress of national destiny. Time is making even,
the wrong of the fugitive slave law, with its
atrocious infamies. Those who supported that
statute and could see no infringement of tho
reserved rights of the States, now build many
an argument upon the very principles they then
so scornfully rejected. What was it to those
advocates of organized injustice that they
laughed to scorn tho idea which underlies all
true harmony between States and the individ-
uals thereof? John Stuart Mill has aptly said:
" The State, while it respects the liberty of each in
what, specially regards himself, is bound to maintain
a vigilant control over his exercise of any power which
it allows him to exercise over others."
Cut, sir, the object was power. They desired
only to sustain injustice that they might obtain
place, and gratify their ambition in vesting the.
governing power in the hands of the aristocratic
few. Sir, the party of which I am proud to be
a member, has sought other ends. It desired,
and still does, as I understand its principles, to
establish impartial justice as the foundation of
our national polity. It is only by a just appli-
cation of this principle, in the protection of the
rights of all classes and conditions of our peo-
ple, that republican institutions can be made
permanent on this continent. The logical re-
sults of the revolution, in whose closing acts
the members of this Congress have the honor
to participate, must be accepted by us in this
spirit ana for these purposes, or we shall be
swept from the scene of public action by the
scorn and indignation of the people of the loyal
States, who have fought too earnestly and suf-
fered too much to be sacrificed by timidity or
betrayed by power.
But, sir, let me return from this digression.
I will not detain the House in recapitulating
at much length the testimony relating to the
southern animus, which fromathousand'sonrces
has been placed before the country. That in
every conceivable shape and form the freed-
men are oppressed, is most true. The letters
received by members of this Congress since
the present session opened, from persons of
the most reliable character, would, if gathered
into a volume, present a mass of facts so ap-
palling that even gentlemen on the other side,
who have no ear for the suffering of anybody
except they have been aiding the late rebellion;
even those gentlemen would shrink back, and
out of common humanity, meet us half way in
devising some legislation by which the people
we have made free shall be fully protected.
Among the laws passed by the Legislature
andapprovedbythe "reconstructed" Governor
of the " reconstructed" State of Alabama, Gov-
ernor Patten, the confederate cotton loan agent,
I find one signed January 4, 1866, which pro-
vides : *
"1. That it shall not be lawful for any freedman,
mulatto, or free person of color in this State, to own
fire-arms, or carry about his person a pistol or other
deadly weapon.
"2. That after the 20th day of January, 1866, any
person thus offending may be arrested upon the war-
rant of any acting justice of the peace, and upon con-
viction fined any sum not exceeding £100 or impris-
oned in the county jail, or put to labor on the public
worksofany county.incorporated town, city, or vil-
lage, for any term not exceeding three months.
"3. That if any gun,pistol, orother deadly weapon
be fonnd in the possession of any freedman, mulatto,
or free person of color, the same may by any j ustice of
the peace, sheriff, or constable be taken from such
freedman, mulatto, orfree person of color; and ifsuck
person is proved to be the owner thereof, the same
shall, upon an order of any justice of the peace, be
sold, and the proceeds thereof paid over to such freed-
man, mulatto, or person of color owning the same.
"i. That it shall not be lawful for any person to
sell, give, or lend fire-arms or ammunition of any
description whatever, to any freedman. free negro, or
mulatto; and any person so violating the provisions
of this act shall be guilty of amixdemeanor, and upon
conviction thereof, shall be fined m the sum of not
less than fifty nor more than one hundred dollars, at
the discretion of the jury trying the case."
In this respect Alabama is superior to Mis-
sissippi, whose rebel militia, upon the seizure
of the arms of black Union soldiers, appropri-
ated the same to their own use.
Sir, I find in the Constitution of the United
States an article which declares that "the
right of the people to keep and bear arms
shall not be infringed." For myself, I shall
insist that the reconstructed rebels of Missis-
sippi respect the Constitution in their local
laws, before I will even consider their claims
to representation in Congress.
But Alabama is not alone. The "recon-
structed'' adjutant general of Mississippi, a
State which passed laws to prevent persons of
color—American citizens—from owning, leas-
ing, or renting real estate, issued an order
under date of December 13, 1865, for the dis-
arming of the freedmen, in which occurs the
following sentence:
"In the execution of this order, you will abstain
from all unnecessary violence; but should you meet
with any resistance, y©u will employ sufficient forco
to accomplish your object."
This order is addressed to the militia, com-
posed of men who, like the Jackson company,
voted to adopt the uniform, rules, and tactics
of the confederate army, to admit no one who
had not served in that army or was not known
