2798
THE CONGRESSION AL GLOBE.
May 24,
that they were determined to find out who the
petitioners were, and lie presumed that steps
were being taken to get a copy of the petition
with a view of persecuting the men who had
sent it here. The letter requested me to inter-
fere for their protection if i could do so, but I
knew no way to do it. The matter rested there,
until to-day I received another letter from this
same gentleman at Staunton, dated May 20,
18G6, in which he says:
"The rebels of tliis place through A. H.H.Stuart,
of Staunton"—
He had informed me in his former letter
that the prosecuting attorney there was also
one of the persons who had made threats
against these-loyal men for sending a petition
to Congress—
"The rebels of this place through A. H. H. Stuart
of Staunton and JosephSegar, as I learn, have gotten
the names from Washington of the signers of the
petition of the Union citizens of this county praying
l'or troops, &c., which you recently presented to Con-
gress. it was done for the purpose of injuring us in
every possible manner, as events have proved. The
rebels have even intimidated some of the signers,
some six or seven, until they have actually signed
cards in the rebel papers, denying that they signed
the petition. I therefore respectfully reauest that
you will cause to be forwarded tome immediately the
original petition in order that those who procured
the names may be relieved of this infamous charge
against us of forgery. Is it possible, sir, that we have
no rights (which in this case are guarantied by the
Constitution) because we aro white,loyal men?"
I ask leave to withdraw the original petition
with a view of sending it to the gentlemen who
forwarded it to me that they may protect them-
selves, as far as this will enable them to do
so, against the accusations which have been
brought upon them; and I regret it is not in
my power to propose some measure that shall
protect them from the ignominy and persecu-
tion that is brought upon them for no cause
save their loyalty to the country and the exer-
cise of a constitutional right belonging to the
humblest citizen in the land of petitioning Con-
gress for a redress of grievances. A copy of
the petition can be left with the committee,
which I suppose will answer every purpose. I
ask leave to withdraw the original petition,
leaving a copy with the committee.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. It is moved
and seconded that the Senator from Illinois
be authorized to withdraw from the Committee
on Military Affairs the petition presented by
him which was referred to that committee by
order of the Senate some time since.
Mr. HOWARD. I beg to say that some
weeks ago I received a letter from a gentleman
of my acquaintance residing in Staunton, Vir-
ginia, requesting me to procure a copy of the
petition to which the honorable Senator from
Illinois has referred and forward it to him, he
alleging in his communication to me that he
had strong reason to believe that the signatures,
or many of them, attached to the petition were
forged, and that it was impossible to ascertain
in Staunton or in the vicinity any person who
had set his name to the petition. The letter
which I received was written in a spirit quite
hostile to the signers of the petitions or to those
who sympathized with the object of the peti-
tion. I immediately resorted to the commit-
tee-room of the Committee on Military Affairs
and made a personal examination of the peti-
tions ; there were two or three of them I be-
lieve. I examined the signatures with con-
siderable care and ascertained that there was
a certificate of authenticity attached to each
one of the petitions, setting forth that the sig-
natures were genuine and identifying the indi-
viduals who had signed them.
[ replied to my correspondent stating what
I had done, saying to him that under the cir-
cumstances I did not feel at liberty to furnish
him with copies of those petitions, bat at the
same time informing him of the nature of the
petitions and the mode in which they were
authenticated, and assuring him that so far as
I could discover I had every reason to believe
that the signatures were all genuine and that
the persons signing the petition were genuine
persons.
That is all I know about it. It is my duty
to state these facts to the Senate in order to
show with what perseverance it is that certain
persons at Staunton have sought to obtain
matter of accusation against persons who are
supposed to have signed these petitions. I do
not know, I confess, what good will result
from the withdrawal of the petition.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It will enable these
men to protect themselves against the charge
of forgery.
Mr. HOWARD. If that is the sole object
the Senator has in view, I shall have no objec-
tion to that, but I would not propose to have
the petition withdrawn if any further wrang-
ling or ill feeling was to be the result of the
withdrawal of the petition.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The petitioner himself
who sent it to me has asked leave to with-
draw it.
Mr. WILSON. I have sent to the commit-
tee-room for the petition ; and I find that there
are four oaths made before proper officers to
the genuineness of the signatures. I will say
that Mr. Segar, one of the Senators-elect from
Virginia, called on me and expressed a wish
to obtain a copy of the petition and the names
of the petitioners. He did not state to me
why he wanted it, or for what purpose, except
that it was thought by some persons that the
signatures were not genuine. He went to my
committee-room and my clerk made a copy
for him. I did not suppose there was any im-
proper purpose in it. I am sorry to learn, as
I have learned, that this has been used for the
purpose of oppressing, persecuting, and threat-
ening the eigners of the petition.. I will have
a copy of the paper made and return the ori-
ginal to the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senate will not
take this step without considering its impor-
tance. I do not mean to oppose the taking of it,
but I do wish to call the attention of the Senate
to what I may call its gravity. I am not aware
that a petition has ever before been withdrawn
on a motion like that which is now made. A
petition once presented comes into the pos-
session of the Senate; it passes into its files
and into the archives,of the Capitol. I think
we are about to make a precedent for the first
time. I do not, however, say that the occa-
sion does not justify the precedent. I incline
to agree with my friend from Illinois that it
does. We surely owe protection, so far as we
can afford it, to these petitioners; and as the
Senator from Illinois suggests that this is the
best way, I am disposed to follow his sugges-
tion ; but in doing it, I wish that the Senate
should take notice of the character of the step,
and of the precedent that they are about to
make.
But this is not all, sir. I wish the Senate to
take notice that they are called to adopt this
unusual precedent by the abnormal and brutal
condition of the social system about these
petitioners. The very fact which the Senator
from Illinois now brings to the attention of the
Senate, and on account of which he invokes
an unprecedented exercise of power, is impor-
tant evidence as to the condition of things in
one of these rebel States. It goes to show that
they are not yet in any just sense reconstructed,
or prepared for reconstruction. Such an ab-
normal fact as this could not occur in any other
part of our broad country. That it occurs here
is to be referred peculiarly to those remains of
rebellion which have not yet been subdued,
but which you are now called upon, in the ex-
ercise of all the powers intrusted to you under
the Constitution, solemnly to subdue. I there-
fore, sir, regard this transaction in a double
light: first as an important precedent to be
established in the business of the Senate; sec-
ondly, as illustrating a condition of things in
the rebel States to justify every exercise of
care and diligence on our part to the end that
it shall not bring forth similar fruits hereafter.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope we shall now
proceed with the regular business ef the day,
and I really must call upon our friends to be a
little forbearing when that business comes^ up
in its regular order. When it is called up it is j
usual to bring up something or other that a
Senator wants to get off his hands? and then
everybody debates it, and time goes on, and it
is not fair to the Senator who has the floor,
nor is it exactly the thing with reference to
the business of the Senate. I hope, therefore,
unless there is a pressing necessity for this
matter, that it will go over until to-morrow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is disposed of, I think.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I hope Senators
will talk no more about it.
Mr. WILSON. If it is not disposed of let
it go over until to-morrow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The parties want the
paper in consequence of these accusations. I
suppose there will be no further debate about it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is not an unusual
thing to withdraw a paper from the files of the
Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Illi-
nois, that he be permitted to withdraw this
petition from tlie Committee on Military Affairs
for the purpose stated by him.
The motion was agreed to.
reconstruction.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 127) proposing an amendment
to the Constitution of the United States, the
pending question being on the amendment
offered by Mr. Wade.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I am sat-
isfied that it is impossible for this Congress to
fully agree as to what is expedient to be done
to harmonize factions and restore peace to our
distracted country. Every one is liable to esti-
mate the sentiments of the whole country by
the views of a few friends or a small portion
of his constituents, modified by his own pecu-
liar ideas and wishes. This has and will con-
tinue to produce an irreconcilable conflict of
opinions upon all questions of mere expe-
diency. There is very little difference of opin-
ion among Union men as to what ought to be
done if we had the power to do it. I have
always been of the opinion that it was expe-
dient to do right. In this ease we must agree
as to what, is right and do it, for wo cannot
agree as to what is expedient or what is likely
to return A, B, or C to Congress. The Union
party are agreed that all men are entitled to
life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness, and
they will indorse any necessary means to secure
these inalienable rights to every American citi-
zen. The more direct and positive the plan
the better. All digressions from principle or
compromises of human rights, whether by Con-
gress or the President, only involve us in new
difficulties and increase our embarrassments.
The President's plan of restoration was unsat-
isfactory, because it ignored the rights and
excluded from constitutional liberty four mil-
lion loyal citizens guilty of no offense but fidel-
ity to the Government, and at the same time
deprived the friends of the Union of the co-
operation t>f these loyal citizens in maintain-
ing the integrity of the Constitution, the honor
of our brave soldiers, and the financial burdens
of the war; because it placed the State gov-
ernments of the South in the hands of the very
men who plunged the country into war for
secession and the extension of slavery, and
because it admitted into Congress an increased
representation of the disloyal elements of the
rebellion. Yet it was better than no plan, no
restoration, no Union, and no peace. The
paramount importance of speedy restoration
made me hesitate to condemn the plan of the
President for want of a better. I was unwill-
ing to pull down without the material at hand
with which to rebuild.
But in the progress of events, two noble sen-
timents became manifest to me upon which
the people of the loyal North might unite;
protection for the Union and the friends of the
Union, and mercy to a fallen foe. The attain-
ment of these humane objeeis promised resto-
ration and peace. I reflected seriously upon a
solution of our difficslties by an appeal which
