3758
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
to put into the hands of foreigners the control ,
of the market of that article ; and so it is with a 1
thousand other things; iri fact, I may say every-
thing. There is not a manufacture in the coun-
try from one end to the other that is not more
or less affected by our internal revenue laws. '
Everything now costs two or three times as
much as it did six years ago. The production
of every article, no matter what, costs in the
same ratio. If we are to be exposed to foreign
importations under these circumstances, what
is the consequence ? The foreigner reaps all
the advantage that is to be achieved by our
inconvenient condition. Under these circum-
stances I think it is our duty so to adjust our
tariff of imposes as that it will protect the man-
ufacturer here, not only against the pauper labor
of Europe, not only against the greater abun-
dance of capital there and its cheapness, but that
we must protect it against those burdens under
which it labors on account of the fact that we
are so heavily taxed here at home.
Now, sir, in order to the fair and proper ad-
justment of the tariff for the purpose of pro-
tecting our own people, in order that they may
not suffer from the fact that a heavy debt is
imposed upon us which we are obliged to pay
by internal taxation, I think it is only prudent
that we should take this subject up anjJ consider
it, and give it that careful and prudent atten-
tion which it deserves. I am not in favor of
monopolies; I am not in favor, exactly, of a
tariff merely for protection; I would "rather
call it a tariff for self-defense. I would not
have the American manufacturer receive boun-
ties ; but I would have him put upon an equal
footing with his neighbors, and I would not
allow him to be crushed out and sacrificed by
some factitious happening of certain fancies at
home.
I think, in a very short time, if the progress
of the world keeps pace as it has done for
perhaps the last quarter of a century, wo shall
be relieved of a great many of the difficulties
which surround this question. I think there
will be an equalization all over the world in
the price of labor in a very short time. When
it happens that the laborer can seek the highest
market for that which he brings into it, the
same as merchandise now seeks it, then we
shall be relieved of that which has heretofore
annoyed us—competition with the pauper labor
of Europe. A very great change has recently
taken place in that respect. Formerly the
laborer was almost chained to the spot which
gave him birth. Ho could not get away from
it, and he was there ground down to the sub-
sistence point. But recent improvements have
enabled him to get away, and he now goes to
Australia with more facility than he used to
come to this country. When he came to this
country formerly, it took him a hundred days
before he could colonize a hundred miles away
from the coast. By our recent improvements,
inaugurated by our western friends in the shape
of Pacific railroads, and all that kind of thing,
lie is thrust, the moment he lancj^ on our shores,
into the heart of the wilderness," and he is of-
fered a fine farm, and if you please, a mine to
satisfy his cupidity. So it is with capital. Cap-
ital is finding its places of investment all over
the world with much more readiness than it has
hitherto done. I think that all we need is a
fair and honest exercise of the power of the
Government in its right to levy imposts, so that
wo may keep our industry as far as possible at
home.
I am rather inclined to think that the general
law, not only of the family, but of nations, is
this, that whenever we go abroad to purchase
that which we could ourselves produce, in the
same proportion wo shall have a sufficient num-
ber of idlers who, if they were at work, would
produce that which we go abroad to buy. It
may be a singular proposition, but I am rather
inclined to think that it can be sustained from
the experience of the past. Why is it that
New England has been more industrious than
Pennsylvania? It is only because her industry
has been more varied. No man is naturally
idle if you give him that which he wants to work
at, that which he wanfs to do; and if he lives
in a community where all kinds of operations
are going on, where all the varieties of things
necessary to satisfy human wants are being
made, he will have something to do, and he
will find that which is congenial to him to do.
And I may ask why it was that the inhabitants
of Pennsylvania were more industrious than the
people of the South wore. In the South there
was nothingbutplanting and farming going on,
and of course all men who did not find it ac-
cording to their tastes to engage in planting or
farming did nothing, and therefore the number
of idlers was certainly sufficient, if they had
been set to work, to produce all that which the
South would have needed to come from abroad;
and they would have been so much richer to-
day on that account.
I think it is the policy of the American peo-
ple so to regulate their excises and their im-
posts that everything which they can produce
of themselves they should produce here in-
stead of going abroad to purchase it: and in
that way all their people will be employed, and
all will grow rich in consequence. Why should
my friend from Iowa go abroad to buy railroad
iron? He is not buying railroad iron exactly.
What is the composition of a ton of railroad
iron? It is not a certain amount of iron ore
exactly. If you take the trouble to take down
a ton of railroad iron and unroll it you will get
out of it a stack of hay ; you will get out of it
a few dozen bags of oats ; you will get out of
it two or three fat hogs ; you will get out of it^a
barrel of flour; and you will get out of it, I
believe, about forty days of human labor. The
iron ore which enters into the composition of
it is the very smallest part of it; the rest is
labor and agricultural products. Does he de-
sire that labor shall be imported into this coun-
try iu order to compete with Iowa labor ? Does
he desire that barrels of flour shall be imported
into this country in order to compete with Iowa
flour or oats or hay nr pork or beef or even
whisky, because 1 believe Mr. Morell, of my
neighborhood, who manages the largest single
mill in the world, says it requires two gallons
of whisky to make a ton of railroad iron, or at
least that two gallons of whisky are absorbed
in the manufacture of that article. Now if my
honorable friend will just take into considera-
tion the constituent elements of a ton of iron
he will see that in protecting it as against the
foreigner, he is protecting the productions of
his own people.
Mr. POJlEKOif. I should like to ask the
Senator if he thinks putting railroad iron on
the free list in the tax bill is not a sufficient
protection to the producer now. I was told
that the internal revenue tax was about eight
dollars a ton. Four or five Pennsylvania man-
ufacturers called upon me last year, when we
were putting on that tax, and told me that the
internal revenue tax would costthem eight dol-
lars a ton. directly and indirectly. Now, we
took that all off in the lax bill just passed.
One of your manufacturers also told roe that last
year he paid $250,000 to the Government as in-
ternal revenue tax from his manufactory alone.
That is all taken off. If he was able to man-
ufacture at all last year, that $250,000 divided
among the hands this year will be quite an item,
even without any tariff. My point, therefore,
is simply to know if putting iron on the free
list is not a sufficient protection.
Mr. COWAN. If iron was actually and in
fact put upon the free list, perhaps it might
be a sufficient protection; but iron is not put
upon the free list, except nominally. Iron
itself is put, upon the free list; but all the ele-
ments which enter into the composition of iron
are taxed. Everything that the laborer eats,
almost everything that the laborer wears, is
taxed. Every part of it and almost every ele-
ment of it is subject to a tax indirectly, not
directly, I agree. But it is enough to say,
in answer to the question, that the prices of
almost everything in the country are doubled, ij
sometimes they are trebled; and it requires !i
no especial sagacity on the part of any man to
see that if in the country itself you double or
treble or quadruple the prices of commodities
generally, you increase the cost of manufac-
turing in the same proportion; you increase
the cost of production in the same proportion.
It is notorious that you cannot employ a laborer
now for less than two or three times what you
could have employed him for five or six years
ago. You cannot get anything that he eats, any-
thing that he wears, without paying two or three
prices for it. So it is with everything. The
standard of value'rises uniformly. It is like
water; it finds its level over a large space at
the same time; and whenever you affect one
of the elements you affect all the rest. Hence it
is not true that exempting iron eo nomine, or
by name, from a tax is a sufficient protection as
against the foreign producer, all other things
being equal; because while you exempt it you
subjedt to extraordinary burdens all the ele-
ments that enter into its composition, and it is
well that that be taken into the account.
Mr. President, I am admonished by some
friends near me that I am sufficiently under-
stood upon this question; and as I have no
fancy at this .stage of the session or at my stage
of life to make a speech merely for the sake of
a speech, I shall consider the admonition in a
friendly spirit and say no more.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa to the motion of the Senator from Maine..
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Brown, Davis, Doolittle, Foster,
Grim es,Guthrie, Harris,Henderson. I-Iendrieks,John-
son, Kirkwood, Lane of Indiana, Morgan, Nesmith,
Norton, Pomeroy. Kiddle, Saulsbury, Sumner, Trum-
bull, Willev, William.-, and Wilson—23.
NAYS—]\Ies<*rs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Con-
ness, Cowan, Cragin, Edmunds, Fessenden, Howard,
Howe, Poland, Ramsey,Sherman,Sprague, Stewart,
Van Winkle, and Wade—17.
ABSENT — Messrs. Buekalew, Creswell, Dixon,
Lane of Kansas, MeDougall, Morrill, Nye, Wright,
and Yates—9.
So the amendment to the motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the motion, as amended, to refer
this bill to the Committee on Finance, and that
the committee be instructed to postpone their
report until the second Wednesday in Decem-
ber next.
The motion, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to offer a resolu-
tion in connection with this same subject, the
reading of which will explain itself, and to
which I know there wili be no objection.
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury is in-
structed to cause to he prepared'a statement show-
ing, in tabular fovm, tlie duties levied on different
articles of imported goods under the several tariffs
since the tariif act of 1842, and including in such tables
the duties proposed by the tariff act now pending in
the Senate; and that he report the same to the Sen-
ate at the beginning of its nextsession, with such fur-
ther information as ho may possess as to the proper
duties on imported goods.
The resolution was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. In connection with the
same matter, I desire to submit a motion that
one thousand extra copies of the tariff bill be
printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That mo-
tion will go to the Committee on Printing,
under the rule.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. BROWN asked, and by unanimous eon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a hill (S. No.
421) to authorize the construction of a sub-
merged tubular bridge across the Mississippi
river at St. Louis; which was read twice by
its title and referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
RELIEF OF PORTLAND SUFFERERS.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to introduce a joint reso-
lution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
