1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
279.9
addresses itself only to the most Christian
qualities of humanity, and examined with
great anxiety every plan presented. I found
none which promised security for the future
and protection for the friends of the Govern-
ment, and at tho same time extended mercy
to its ememies. Every proposal was wanting
either in justice or mercy. Mercy pleaded
generous amnesty; justice demanded impar-
tial suffrage. Both were buried beneath an
ocean of prejudice. But the voice of an en-
lightened press and the arguments of earnest
men in Congress inspired me with the hope
that a direct proposition for a settlement of
the questions at issue might finally succeed.
I proposed' pardon for the rebels and the ballot
for the blacks. The general plan was, and
still is, approved by the loyal press with no
important exception, while every scheme based
upon expediency alone has disappeared like
the mist of the morning before the rising sun.
Although the advocacy of the resolutions sub-
jected me to some invidious criticisms by per-
sons who judge the motives of others by their
own, yet 110 one lias attempted an argument
against the humanity and justice of the propo-
sitions.
If those who have always entertained the
the same views upon all subjects cannot vote
for my resolution because they think it incon-
sistent for me to advocate negro suffrage, I
shall be satisfied if I can obtain the votes of
those only who have held themselves open to
conviction and have sometimes changed their
opinions. Give me the votes of those who
liavc changed with the progress of events dur-
ing the last six years, and tho balance may
vote as they please. Those who, in the lan-
guage of Mr. Lincoln, " adopt new views when-
ever they appear to be true views," are the
only persons wise or useful in this age of prog-
ress. Tho "world moves, and those who do
not, perceive it are dead to the living issues of
tile daj'. I have always advocated the neces-
sity of taking the world as we find it, and fol-
lowing the logic of events. The development
of new facts is constantly exploding old theo-
ries. The trouble is that some men do not
seem to comprehend the new facts. The at-
tempt to apply the theories of slavery to a con-
dition of freedom is the most dangerous evil of
the age, yet those who do this boast of their
consistency. They were educated to believe
that a negro was a slave, possessing no rights
that a white man was bound to respect, and
they believed it still, and they are astonished
at the inconsistencies of the world and its tend-
ency to recognize the rights of man.
In advocating this plan my only hope of suc-
cess is predicated upon the principles involved,
and although it may receive 110 favor and few
votes now, I am profoundly impressed with the
conviction, that if this Union is ever restored,
it must be done with impartial suffrage and
general-amnesty. Gentlemen on all sides freely
admit the justice of these principles, but ex-
press a fear that the country is not yet prepared
to meet the issue. Let us not deceive ourselves;
the people understand these questions better
than we suppose. The leading minds of the
nation have proclaimed from the beginning the
doctrine of these resolutions. The people are
in advance of Congress in their demands for
justice, and in their magnanimous generosity
to a vanquished enemy. All they demand is
security for the future, and with it they proceed
to the work of restoration " with malice toward
none, with charity for all." To start right in
this matter it is only necessary to adhere to
first principles, and constantly bear in mind
that—
" Mankind are all by nature free and equal,
' Tin their consent alone gives just dominion."
Protection and allegiance are reciprocal. It
is the duty of the Government to protect; of
the subject to obey. Where both these duties
are performed by the respective parties, peace
and order must follow. Monarchical govern-
ment is founded upon the idea that the sover-
eign is the source of all power and the guard-
ian of the rights of the people. Republican
government is founded upon the idea that the
people are the only source of legitimate author-
ity and the guardians of their own rights through
tho instrumentality of the ballot. The theory
of monarchical government is that the sover-
eign only can be trusted; the theory of repub-
lican government is that the people must be
trusted. Monarchical and republican Govern-
ments arethe only Governments tolerable among
men. The mixed forms of oligarchies and
aristocracies are only a multiplication of tyrants
to prey upon the people. Our fathers estab-
lished a republican Government on the repre-
sentative basis, and declared that all power
emanated from the people, and that all men
were equal in the right to exercise that power
in a constitutional way at the ballot-box. But
in practice they failed to come up to the high
standard of their theory; they even tolerated
slavery as an unavoidable evil, and from a sup-
posed necessity ignored all the civil and polit-
ical rights of the colored man, and even counted
him as a chattel. It was a declaration of rights
for all men, but a Government for white men
only. The theory was good, the practice in
this respect fatally defective. Disfranchise-
ment and slavery in a portion of the Republic
produced the results which might have been
expected. The master exercised, both in the
local and General Government, the power be-
longing to him as a freeman and the power
belonging to his slaves. This created an ine-
quality in the beginning. The slaveholder was
more powerful than the non-slaveholder. This
inequality and violation of republican princi-
ples produced" arrogance and intolerance on
the part of the slaveholding South, and jeal-
ousy and hatred on the part of the non-slave-
holding North. Free labor was odious to the
southern aristocracy, slave labor was still more
odious to the Democracy of the North. For
a time an effort was made by our statesmen to
keep up a balance of power between the slave
and non-slaveliolding States, and all manner j
of expediencies were attempted to compromise
and reconcile the irrepressible conflict between
slavery and freedom, but all to no purpose. Nei-
ther felt safe, or, indeed, was safe, while its an-
tagonistic principle existed in the Government.
The inevitable conflict came, and after four
years of death, carnage, and desolating war,
democracy was triumphant, and the aristo-
cratic institutions of the South, based upon
slavery and inequality of human rights, were
overthrown and utterly crushed. The triumph
of arms was complete. The question now
presented is, shall the triumph of democratic
principles be equally so? There are two great
obstacles in the way, both based upon passion
and prejudice, and each seems nearly insur-
mountable. One is hatred of rebels, and a
demand that they shall be disfranchised and
enslaved—for disfranchisement is slavery. The
other is hatred of the negro, and a demand
that he shall be disfranchised and robbed of
the power of self-protection and virtually reen-
slaved. Tho great mass of the people of the
South are either rebels or blacks, and if we
yield to either demand the struggle is not ended.
The democratic principle of the equality of all
men'in the right to protect themselves at the
ballot-box will still be denied. The party left
in power, whether it be black men or white
men, will soon display all the meaner qualities
of petty despotism, intolerance, arrogance,
contempt for labor, and above all a fierce
hatred for the democratic protective principle
of the equality of man. If we yield to both
these demands, and disfranchise both blacks
and whites, what will become of our free Gov-
ernment, for which we were willing to sacri-
fice the last dollar and the last man? I am
aware with what effect the argument for dis-
franchisement of rebels can be urged to the
soldier, still heated with the conflict of battle;
to the widows and orphans, destitute and sor-
rowing beneath the afflictions brought upon
them by a wicked and cruel rebellion; with the
laboring masses of the North, still smarting
under the insults heaped by southern aristoc-
racy upon the "mudsill" democracy of the
loyal States—in short, with every loyal man who
loves the Union and hates its enemies. But it
is not the part of men and Christians to appeal
to these most naittral sentiments of the human
heart unless it be necessary to continue the
conflict for the attainment of a great principle.
Now is the time to declare for human rights
and the equality of man before the law, and if
that be still denied no human power can stay
the conflict. But can we not now claim that
the loyal men of this nation by their valor and
by their sacrifices have won not only for them-
selves but for every man in all this broad land
the glorious right of self-government, and that
they and their posterity are to reap a rich har-
vest of blessings as the fruits of the free insti-
tutions they have rescued? May we not say to
the South, "It was not your young men whose
lives we sought, it was not your property we
desired to destroy, but we found these shelter-
ing and protecting and hedging about an insti-
tution in conflict with human liberty, and in
conflict with the Union, and in destroying it
we were compelled to overthrow its defenders;
but if you have ceased to defend it and war upon
the Union we will now cease to harm you?"
All we want is justice for all men, and we will
become the advocates of mercy for all men and
amnesty and forgiveness for the past and a
promise of friendship for the future. Let jus-
tice and mercy stand together,and the demands
of each aie satisfied.
"The quality of mercy is not strained;
It droppeth as tho gentle rain from heaven
"Upon the place beneath: it is twice blessed;
It blesseth him that gives and him that takes;
'Tis mightiest in the mightiest: it becomes
The throned monarch better than his crown;
His scepter shows the force of temporal power.
The attribute to awe and majesty,
Wherein doth sit the dread and fear of kings;
Bat mercy is above this sccpterd pway ;
It is enthroned in the hearts of kings;
It is an attribute to God himsclt:
And earthly power doth then ahowlikest God's,
When mercy seasons justice."
Let justice be done and then it becomes the
duty of every loyal man to invoke mercy even
for those who have attempted the destruction
of our free institutions. We will then reflect that
the South is not alone responsible for slavery
and all its woes; that the North and civilized
Europe have all played a part in planting this
vile institution upon the most favored section
of our common country; and that the whole
nation has been clothed in sackcloth and ashes
for this great crime. When the evil is removed
and the rights of man acknowledged we will
cease to inquire who is most to blame or who
is most guilty, but we will labor to forget the
past in view of the bright prospect of universal
peace and universal justice. But while the war
lasts, whether it be a conflict upon the battle-
field or at the ballot-box, all men loyal to equal
rights and even-handed justice will be arrayed
in fierce antagonism with the enemiesof liberty.
But itissaid thatthenegro is ignorant. Grant
it. That he is inferior to the white. Grant it.
That the great mass of them will not vote intel-
ligently. Grant it. But what are you to d<j
with him? He must either exercise his awn
political rights or somebody must exercise them
for him. You once trusted the duty of exer-
cising both the civil and political rights of the
blacks to the whites and it came near destroy-
ing every spark of republicanism they ever pos-
sessed. It destroyed all their love for demo-
cratic institutions, and caused them to make
almost superhuman efforts to destroy the best
democratic-f epublican Government ever organ-
ized.
It is now a fixed fact that it is not safe to
add to the political and social power of the
white man the political and social power of
the black man. The white man cannot exer-
cise that amount of power and remain a friend
of free institutions ; hence it becomes a neces-
sity either to destroy the negro so that he shall
110 longer be a source of power to corrupt the
whites, or to trust liini with his own political
and civil rights. One thing is certain, that the
negro iimsthave the ballot or have 110 friends ;
and being poor and friendless, and surrounded
as he is by enemies, his fate is extermination.
