1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
375£
reported by the Senator from Nevada, [Mr.
Stewart,] which was laid aside by common
consent, is before the Senate, and nothing can j
be received, except by unanimous eonsent, un-
til that is disposed of. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts offers a resolution. Is there any
objection to its being received?
_ -Mr. WILSON. I ask that it be read by its
title, and then I do not think there can beany
objection to it.
The joint resolution (S. R. No. 129) to au-
thorize the President to place at the disposal
of the authorities of Portland, Maine, tents,
camp and hospital furniture, and clothing for
the use of families rendered houseless by the
late fire, was read a first time and passed to a
second reading.
Mr. CLARK. I hope that will be consid-
ered and passed at the present time.
Mr. "WILSON. Iask for its present consid-
eration. I desire to have it passed to-day, if
possible.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
was read the second time and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It authorizes the
President of the United States to place at the
disposal (without charge-) of tha  city author-
ities of Portland, Maine, such clothing con-
demned or ordered to be sold, and such surplus
camp and garrison equipage, bedding, and hos-
pital furniture on hand as can be spared by the
Army, for the use of families rendered house-
less and destitute by the recent conflagration ;
and it is to be the duty of the quartermaster's
department to deliver these articles at Port-
land, and receive and properly dispose of them
when no longer needed.
Mr. WILSON. I have a letter here from
General Meigs, in which it is stated that the
Government has a large amount of condemned
clothing ordered to be sold on the 28th of this
month. They have all these other articles
on hand in great abundance, and they can be
used now for a good purpose and will cost the
Government very little. It is a matter of
humanity, and I hope that no Senator will
oppose it.
Mr. HOWE. I will suggest to the Senator
that the quartermasters ought to be required
to take a receipt from the mayor ; otherwise
there will be no way of settling their accounts.
Mr. WILSON. They will take care cf that.
• Mr. HOWE. But the resolution does not
make the receipt of the mayor evidence. The
quartermasters are charged with this property,
and the resolution ought to make somebody's
receipt evidence that they have properly dis-
posed of it.
Mr. CONNBSS. That is matter of admin-
istration.
Mr. CLAUIC. The authority to give it is
sufficient for that purpose.
Mr. HOWE. What is the evidence that they
do not credit themselves with twice the amount
they actually deliver over to the city?
The PRESIDENT^™ icmporc. The joint
resolution is open to amendment.
Mr. IIOWE. The resolution is not printed,
and I have it not in my hand, but I move that
it bo so amended as to require the quarter-
master to take a receipt of the mayor of the
city.
Mr. WILSON. I have no objection to that.
I take it the quartermaster at any rate will
keep an accurate account of what he delivers
there, because after they have been used they
arc to be returned to him, such as can be re-
turned. He is to take care of them. Many of
the articles will be worn out.
Mr. HOWE. He should have some vouchers
by which to settle his accounts.
The PliESIDENTpro tempore. Itismoved
to amend the resolution by inserting after the
word '-Portland'' the words, "and to take a
receipt for the same of the mayor of said city."
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendment was con-
curred in. The joint resolution was ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, was read the
• third time, and passed.
minority report on reconstruction.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing to whom was referjgd a resolution for the
printing of fifty thousand extra copies of the
views of the minority of the joint committee
of fifteen appointed to inquire into the condi-
tion of the States which formed the so-called
confederate States of America on the subjects
treated of in the report submitted to the Sen-
ate on the 8th of June, have instructed me to
report it back without amendment and recom-
mend its passage. I ask for its present con-
sideration.
By unanimous consent, the Senate proceeded
to *onsider the following resolution:
Resolved, That fifty thousand additional copies of
the views of the minority of the joint committee of
fifteen bo printed to accompany the report made by
that committee on the 8th of June.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask what is meant by
having it "accompany'' the other report. Is
it to be put in the same volume?
Mr. ANTHONY. It cannot accompany the
other report, because the other report has been
printed and distributed.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not want this to
accompany any that I have got. I have no
objection to its being printed as a sort of
appendix.
Mr. ANTHONY. The resolution may be so
amended as to omit those words. It cannot
accompany the other report, because that has
been distributed.
Mr. EESSENDEN. A3 they will have to
be printed separately, the phraseology of the
resolution had better be changed.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move to amend the res-
olution by striking out that part which speaks
of this document accompanying the majority
report and inserting the words "for the use
of the Senate."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I think we should prefix to
the publication of this document the resolution
of the Senate that was adopted on the motion
of the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,]
stating the character of the document, and 1
move that that resolution be prefixed to it. I
presume there will be no objection to this.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I should like to know
what that resolution is.
TJie PRESIDENT pro tempore. The res-
olution referred to is not on the table of the.
Senate.
Mr. CONNESS. It was a resolution giving
the consent of the Senate to the reception of
the document.
Mr. SUMNER. Senators do not seem to
think it necessary ; I will not press it.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the resolution.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Printing what
number of copies of the report of the majority
of that committee was published.
Mr. ANTHONY. The same number. It has
been customary, when we, printed the views of
a minority at "all, to print the- same number
that is printed of the majority report. In the
House of Representatives they go together..
This was not presented here until some time
after the printing of the report-was ordered;
but although the number is very large, we
thought it was but following the usual prac-
tice, and was according to the common court-
esy. and the expense is not very great.
Mr. HOWARD. Courtesy of course would
require me to vote for the printing of the num-
ber proposed by the resolution of the report of
the minority ; but at the same time I take oc-
casion to say that I regard that document, so
far as it undertakes to inculcate principles of
constitutional law with reference to the se-
ceded States and the effect of the civil war
upon the rebellious States as, in my judgment,
a very dangerous document. I certainly have
read no document recently, emanating from a
Union-loving author which, in my judgment,
strikes so heavy a blow at what I regard as the
sound and permanent principles of theConsti-
tution as does that report of the minority. If
the question were put to me whether I would
pay out the public money for the circulation
of that document, and the question was en-
tirely aside from ail considerations of courtesy,
I certainly would not vote a dollar nor a cent
to put it in circulation.
The resolution was agreed to.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
thattheHousehadpassed, without amendment,
the joint resolution (S. R. No. 129) to author-
ize the President to place at the disposal of the
authorities of Portland, Maine, tents, camp and
hospital furniture, and clothing for the use of
families rendered houseless by the late fire, and
the bill (S. No. 869) to establish certain post
roads.
The message also announced that the House
insisted upon its tenth amendment disagreed to
by the Senate to the bill (S. No. 343) to quiet
land titles in California and asked a conference
on the disagreeing vote of the two Houses, and
had appointed Mr. John Bidweia of Califor-
nia, Mr. G. W. julian of Indiana, and Mr. G.
W. Anderson" of Missouri, managers at the
conference on its part.
The "message also announced that the House
had concurred in some and had non-concurred
in other amendments of the Senate to the bill
(II. R. No. 213) making"3appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of
the Government for the year ending 30th June,
18G7, asked a conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses thereon, and had ap-
pointed Mr. Thadmus Stevexs of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. J. A. Kassox of Iowa, and Mr. W.
E. Fixck of Ohio, managers at the confer-
ence on its part.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the enrolled bill (S.
No. 357) to aid in the construction of telegraph
lines, and to secure to the Government the use
of the same for postal, military, and other pur-
poses ; and the enrolled joint resolution (S. R.
No. 129) to authorize the President to place
at the disposal of-the authorities cf Portland,
Maine, tents, camp and hospital furniture, and
clothing for the use of families rendered house-
less by the late fire; and they were signed by
the President pro tempore.
ditches, etc., in pacific states.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No. 3-14.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 beg leave to remind the
Senator that there is already a pending ques-
tion which was laid aside informally and which
will only occupy a few minutes. I hope that
will be first disposed of.
Mr. STEWART. I hope so. We have given
way ever since fifteen minutes past twelve
o'clock.
Mr. HOWE. If there is a bill before the
Senate I do not press my motion now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
(II. R. No. 3G5) granting the right of way to
ditch and canal owners over the public lands^in
the States of California, Oregon, and Nevada,
is before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole, the question being on the amendment
reported by the Committee on Public Lands.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to strike out all of the bill after the enact-
ing clause, and insert the following as a sub-
stitute :
Tliat whenever by priority of possession rights to
the use of water for mining, agricultural, manufac-
turing, or other purposes, have vested and .accrued,
and the same arc recognized and acknowledged by t he
local customs, laws, and the decisions of the courts,
tile posscbsois and owners of such vested rignts shall
bo maintained and protected in the same, ™d tho
ri"ht of way for the construction of ditches and canals
for the purpose aforesaid is hereby acknowledged and
confirmed: Provided, however. That, whonev r niter
the passage of this act any person or persons shall, m
the construction of any ditch or canal, injure or dam-
a"e the possession of any settler on tho public domain,
the party committing such injury or damago shall be
liable to the parties injured for such injury or damage.
The amendment was agreed to.
