1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i'fi
RELIEF OF CITIZENS OF BENICIA, CALIFORNIA.
Mr. BID WELL, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill for the relief of citizens of Bc-
nicia, in Solano county, California; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
selection of land in california.
Mr. BID WELL, by unanimous consent, also
introduced a bill to facilitate the selection of
lands granted to the State of California by the
United States; which was read a firstand second
time, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
business on speaker's table.
^ Mr. ELIOT moved that the House proceed
to the consideration of the business on the
Speaker's table.
Mr. LE BLOND. What business upon the
Speaker's table does the gentleman wish to
get at ?
Mr. ELIOT. When we go to the table the
gentleman will see.
Mr. LE BLOND. I simply wanted to know
whether there was a negro in it, as I thought
this was a " white man's day." [Laughter.]
RECEPTION OF MAJOR GENERAL OSTEKHAUS.
Mr. SMITH". Mr. Speaker, the gentleman
from Massachusetts yields to me for a moment.
I understand there is in the Hall a distin-
guished general of the United States Army, who
represents a loyal foreign element in the coun-
try, and who has shown military skill and great
personal courage upon many a well-contested
battle-field during the war for the preservation
of the Union. In order to pay him that honor
and respect he deserves for his valuable ser-
vices, I move that the House take a recess for
five minutes, and that the Speaker present him
to the House.
There was no objection, and it was so ordered.
A recess was accordingly taken.
[The SPEAKER having conducted Major
General Osterhaus to the Speaker's desk, said:
Gentlemen of the House of Representa-
tives, when the people of this Republic took up
arms for its salvation there were thousands and
scores of thousands born in other lands who
had emigrated to these shores to live and to die
under our flag, and who, impelled by the same
patriotism as our native-born citizens"; rallied
to its defense on many a battle-field. Con-
spicuous among these is the gentleman whom
by your order I have the honor of introducing
to you to-day, Major General Osterhaus. [Ap-
plause.]
Major General Osterhaus said: Gentlemen,
you must excuse me if I cannot speak your
language as I ought. I came to this country
and I tried to learn it very hard. But the
troubles to overcome wore stronger than my
tongue. Mr. Speaker is right. I came to this
country to find in the flag of the United States
the symbol of individual freedom and of gen-
eral liberty. I once opposed a confederacy in
the years 1848 and 1849. I tried hard to de-
fend the German union, and yet we had to suc-
cumb. But we were guided by the symbol of
the stars and stripes. And when the question
came up in this country to defend that symbol,
I thought I was in duty bound to try to defend
it again. And I did as far as I could. I did
my best. But, gentlemen, I did not learn to
speak English. You must excuse me. [Laugh-
ter and applause.] ►
General Osterhaus then came down from
the Speaker's desk and was introduced to the
members of the House by the Speaker, after
which the House resumed business.]
FREEDJIEX'S BUREAU.
Mr. ELIOT renewed his motion to take
up from the Speaker's table the Freedmen's
Bureau bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
accordingly proceeded to the consideration of
Senate bill No. 60, being a bill to enlarge the
powers of the Freedmen's Bureau.
Mr. ELIOT. I move th
that the House concur
in the amendments of the Senate, and upon that
I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendments of the Senate were
severally agreed to.
Mr. ELIOT. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the House agreed to the amendments,
and to lay that motion on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by Colonel
William G. Moore.
The SPEAKER. The Chair lays before the
House a message of the President of the Uni-
ted States in response to a resolution of this
House.
To the House of Representatives:
In reply to the resolution of the House of
Representatives of the 10th ultimo, requesting
the President of the United States, "ii not in-
compatible with the public interest, to commu-
nicate to the House any report or reports made
by the Judge Advocate General, or any other
officer of the Government, as to the grounds,
facts, or accusations upon which Jefferson Davis,
Clement C. Clay, jr., Stephen R. Mallory, and
David L. Yulee, or either of them, are held in
confinement,'' I transmit herewith reports from
the Secretary of War and the Attorney General,
and concur in the opinion therein expressed,
that the publication of the papers called for by
the resolution is not at the present time com-
patible with the public interest.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, February 9, 1866.
War Department,
Washisgton City, February 7,1866.
Mr. President : I have the honor to acknowledge
the reference of the House resolution calling for the
reports of the Judge Advocate General on the oases of
Jefferson Davis, Clement C. Clay, D. L, Yulee, and S.
R. Mallory. These reports were made for your own
information, and contain abstracts of evidence and
ex parte proofs in possession of the Bureau of Military
Justice. Pending any action in respect to the parties
accused, the publication of these reports is, in my
opinion, incompatible with the public interest. Tho
concurring opinion of the Attorney General is also
herewith submitted.
Your obedient servant.
feDWIN M. STANTON,
Secretary of War.
Mr. COCKLING- called for tlie reading of
the report of the Attorney General $ which was
read, as follows:
Attorney Gkner.vl's Office,
Washington, January 31,1866.
Sir: Sundry reports of the facts that go to showthat
Jefferson Davis and other rebels have been guilty of
high crimes have been made to you as the chief ex-
ecutive officer of the Government. Most of the evi-
dence upon which they are based was obtained^# parte,
without notice to the accused, and while they were
in close custody as military prisoners. Their publica-
tion might wrong the Government or the accused, or
both. While I see that much wrong may flow from
tho publication, I cannot see that any good would
como from it.
In my opinion, then, public and private justice
alike demand that they should not be made public.
I am, sir, very respectfully,
JAMES SPEED,
Attorney General.
To the President.
naval appropriation bill.
The House then proceeded to the consider-
ation of the bill (H. R. No. 122) making ap-
propriations for the naval service for the year
ending 30th of June, 1867, reported from the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union yesterday with sundry amendments.
Mr. STEVENS. I call the previous ques-
tion on agreeing to the amendments from the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I ask the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania to give me permis-
sion to offer an amendment to one of the
amendments reported by the Committee of the
Whole ou the state of the Union before he
moves the previous question.
Mr. STEVENS. I withdraw the previous
question for that purpose.
Mr. BICE, of Massachusetts. I'desire to
move to insert a proviso after lines one hun-
dred and thirty-eight and one hundred and
thirty-nine, on page 7. .
The SPEAKER. The amendment of the
committee is to strike out lines one hundred
and thirty-eight and one hundred and thirty-
nine.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. Then I will
move to insert after line one hundred and thirty-
seven the following:
For purchase of Oakman & Eldridge's wh arf,$135,000':
Provided, That this amount shall cover the whole
cost of the property, and that the purchase can be
made upon terms mutually agreed upon by the Sec-
retary of the Navy and the mayor and aldermen of
the city of Charlestown.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I submit
that that amendment is not in order; it con-
tains an appropriation that has not been con-
sidered in Committee of the Whole;.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. This matter
was considered in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. This amendment was not.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. This is a pro-
viso I propose to a clause that was considered
in Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The SPEAKER. The committee propose
to strike out this clause. The gentleman can
attain his object by voting against striking out
these lines. • _ •
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. But that will"
not enable me to get in the proviso.
The SPEAKER. That may probably be.
Mr. STEVENS. I suppose any one who
would vote against the appropriation would vote
against the proviso also. It would make no
difference.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The first amendment reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
was to insert on page 3, after line forty-five, the
following proviso:
Provided, That there bo transferred from the ap-
propriation for fuel to the contingent expenses of the
Bureau of Equipment and Recruiting, $800,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The second amendment reported from the
Committee of the Whole on the stale of the
Union was to strike out lines one hundred and
nineteen, one hundred and twenty, one hundred
and twenty-one, and one hundred and twenty-
two, as follows:
For purchase of Seavey's Island, $105,000* Provided,
That a perfect and approved title in fee to the whole
island can be obtained and vested in the United States
for that sum.
Mr. SPALDING. I demand the yeas and
nays on that motion.
Mr. LYNCH. I desire to say a word on that
amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the gentleman will
be allowed ten minutes.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object,
unless I can have ten minutes to reply,
Mr. STEVENS. Am I not entitled to an
hour to close the debate ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman should
have claimed that right before the House pro-
ceeded to vote on the amendments.
Mr. STEVENS. I do notpropose to speak
myself, but I wish the gentleman from Maine to
be heard.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
Mr. SP ALDIN(x. And I obj ect unless I can
have ten minutes.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 02, nays 80, not voting
40 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Baker, Beaman,Bcniamin,
Boycr, Brande£?ee, Bromwell, Buckland, Reader W.
Clarke, Cobb, Conkling, Cook, Cullom, Defrees, Del-
ano, Doming, lOckley, Kldriclge, Farnsworth, Far-
quhar, Finck, Goodyear, G rider. Hale, AaronHarding,
Abner C. Harding, Henderson. Hill, Ingersoli, John-
son. Kelso, Kerr, Kuykendal), George v. Lawrence,
William Lawrence, Le Blond, Loan, Marshall, Mo-
Clurg, McCullough, Mclndoe, Moorhead, Nicholson,
