3760
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
Mr. STEWART. It is desirable, perhaps,
that another amendment be made, and, to give
time to consider it, I move that the bill be post-
poned for the present.
The motion was agreed to.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to take up the
message from the House relative to the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial appropriation
bill, in order that we may agree to the confer-
ence proposed.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider its amendments to House
bill No. 213.
Mr. FESSENDEN". I move that the Senate
insist on the amendments disagreed to by the
House and agree to the conference proposed by
the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT jpro tempore was author-
ized, by unanimous consent, to appoint the con-
ferees on the part of the Senate, and Messrs.
Fessenden, Williams, and Hendricks were
appointed.
the marble room.
Mr. DAVIS. I offer this resolution and ask
for its consideration:
Resolved, That any Senator having occasion to
confeT with any person on "business shall have the
privilege of the Marble Boom for such conference.
This is for the convenience of all of us, and
I hope it will be adoped.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to the consideration of the reso-
lution?
Mr. FESSENDEN. _ I should like to under-
stand the meaning of it.
Mr. DAVIS. The Marble Room is- now
closed against persons having business with
Senators. The object is simply that the offi-
cers may allow Senators conferring with indi-
viduals upon business to have the use of the
Marble Room for that purpose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No objec-
tion being made, the resolution is before the
Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. The effect of it will be simply
this: if a stranger or an acquaintance sends a
message to a Senator that he wants to confer
with him on business, the Senator shall have
the privilege of taking that individual into the
Marble Room for conference. It does not
extend beyond that privilege.
Mr. HOWE. I hope my friend from Ken-
tucky will let the resolution lie over as it is evi-
dently going to lead to debate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the Senator
from Kentucky will consent to let it lie over
until to-morrow, that wc may have a chance to
think it over.
Mr. DAVIS. Very well; I will consent to
let it lie over.
california land titles.
On motion of Mr. CONNESS, the Senate
proceeded to consider the message of the House
relative to the bill (S. No. 843) to quiet land
titles in California.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that the Senate
insist on its disagreement to the tenth amend-
ment of the House to that bill and agree to the
conference asked by the House.
The motion was agreed to; and the Presi-
dent pro temptfre being by unanimous consent
authorized to appoint the committee on the
part of the Senate, Messrs. Pomeroy, Constess,
and SrRAGCE were appointed.
niagara siiip-canal.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (H. R. No. 344) to incor-
porate the Niagara Ship-Canal Company, the
pending question being on the amendment re-
ported by the Committee on Commerce to add
the following proviso to section twenty-one:
Ami provided further. Thatnomoneyshallbeloaned
to said corporation by the United States, nor borrowed
by it from any other source, until the fall sum of
$2,000,000 subscribed to its capital stock shall have
been collected and in good faith expended upon the
construction of said work, which expenditure shalL
bo duly verified by the oaths of the president and
engineers aforesaid, and thereafter such loan shall
be advanced only upon the terms and conditions in
this section proscribed: Jjjid provided further, That
all interest accrued on any bond to be issued to said
corporation by the Uni ted States under the provisions
of this act prior to tire date of its delivery shall be
duly canceled prior to its delivery.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. All tRe
amendments reported by the Committee on
Commerce have now been disposed of.
Mr. HOWE. The amendment reported as
the twenty-eighth section has not been acted on.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.. The Chair
understands that the record shows that that
amendment was amended by striking out "fee
year" and inserting ''two years," and then
adopted.
Mr. HOWE. I move to amend the twenty-
first section by striking out in the third line
"three hundred thousand " and inserting "two
million."
The amendment was agreed to. .
Mr. HOWE. I further move to amend the
same section by inserting theword"so" at the
end of the eighteenth line.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE, I move to amend the scction
further by striking out all after the word "treas-
urer," in the twentieth line, down to and in-
eluding the word " aforesaid," in the twenty-
fourth line.
The words proposed to be stricken out were
read, as follows:
To the amount of $200,000 at a time, or such parts
thereof as may be necessary to make the whole sum
hereby ordered and directed to be loaned uponsue'a
certificates and proof of expenditure as aforesaid.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. I move to amend the twenty-
second section by striking out the word "ten,"
in the third line, and inserting "twenty."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. I move further to amend the
twenty-second section by adding to it these
words: "and such application shall be made
annually until the whole sum loaned by the
Government, with annual interest thereon at
six per cent, per annum, shall be repaid."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. I move to amend the first
section by striking out in the twentieth and
twenty-first lines the words "the use of the
United States for the purpose aforesaid" and
inserting "that use."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. I move to amend the twelfth
section, on page 12 of the bill, by striking
out all after the word "States," in line one
hundred and six, to and including'' sixty-four,''
in line one hundred and nine.
The words proposed to be stricken out were
read, as follows:
Which shall not exceed the rates of toll or charges
imposed on vessels and property passing through the
Welland canal, in Canada West, in the year 1861.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. Now, to conform to that, the
words "instead of the limit to the toll above
provided," in line one hundred and eleven,
should be stricken out.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That cor-
rection will be made to make the bill corre-
spond with the previous amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am under the impres-
sion that section twenty-eight has never been
agreed to. It certainly was not agreed to when
I was present, and it is a section which I regard
as important, perhaps vital to the bill itself. I
think that could not have been agreed to. If
it was done it must have been done inadvert-
ently. That is the section which declares that
the act shall not take effect unless the Legisla-
ture of the State of New York shall, within
two years from the date hereof, give its assent
thereto. There was an alteration made in the
section, but if any vote was taken upon the sec-
tion itself it certainly escaped my notice. I
think no such vote was taken.
Mr. HOWARD., There was: no vote at all
taken upon it except upon the verbal amend-
ment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That was all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Harris
in the chair.) The Chair is informed by the
Secretary that the record shows that that
amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. I am quite sure that the
Senate have not voted on this section twenty-
eight.
Mr. HOWE. My recollection coincides with
the statements of the .Senator from Illinois and
the Senator from Michigan. My recollection
is that we proceeded with all the amendments
reported by the committee, passing over the
one to the twenty-first section, to which our
attention was called on resuming the consider-
ation of the bill to-day; but when we reached
the amendment proposed by the committee as
the twenty-eighth section I stated that the Sen-
ator from Maine [Mr. Morrill] felt great in-
terest in that question,, and that it was deemed
desirabJfe that he should be here when it was
considered, and therefore it was laid over.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The fact about it is, I
presume—and I understand that is the way it
is reported ift the Globe—that after this ver-
bal amendment was made changing'' one year''
to "two years" it was suggested by the Sena-
tor from Wisconsin that the Senator from
Maine was peculiarly interested in this section,
and thereupon it went over without having
been acted upon. It is very natural that an
incorrect entry may have been made, because
there was an agreement to an amendment to
the amendment changing "one year " to "two
years." I think that is the condition of it;
but as there seems to be a misunderstanding
about it, I presume there will be no objection
to a reconsideration of it, so as to bring it
before the Senate.
Mr. HOWE. The question will come up
again before the Senate, anyhow, on concur-
ring in the amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We can try it in tlie
Senate, and that, perhaps, will be sufficient.
Mr. GRIMES. How does it stand now?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It stands now with that
section in the bill, but I do not think we ever
voted upon it.
Mr. HOWE. The twenty-third section, I
understand, was not stricken out.
The PRESIDENT^ro tempore. The amend-
ment reported by the committee proposing to
strike out that section was rejected.
Mr. HOWE. I move to amend the section
by striking out, in the third and fourth lines,
the words " once in every five years after the
completion of said canal" and inserting "at
anytime after eight years from its completion,
and once in five years thereafter."
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why prolong it to eight
years?
Mr. HOWE. I will simply say that inas-
much as the paying qualities of the enterprise
are presumed to be matter of experiment, to
some extent, the capitalists who put their money
in ought to be allowed to fix their own rates of
toll for at least eight years. That is controlled
by other provisions which allow the Govern-
ment to purchase the work at any time at the
cost price, with ten per cent, added.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should prefer leaving
the provision as it is.
The amendment was rejected'.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to amend the bill
on page 12 by inserting after the word "gun-
boats," in line ninety-one of section eight the
words " ships-of- war of all kinds," so as to
remove any possible ambiguity which might
arise from the language of the clause in its
present form, and to cover that class of craft
beyond all doubt.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORGAN. I move to postpone the
further consideration of this bill until the sec-
ond Tuesday in December next, and if this
motion prevails I intend to follow it with a
resolution providing for the obtainment of es?
timates from the engineer department! Tliera
