776
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
OrtTi, Paine, Plants, Price, William H. Randall, Ross,
Scofield, Shanklin, Shellabargev, Sloan, StUweil,
Thayer, Trimble, Trowbridge, Ward, Elihu B. Wash-
burne. Welker, Williams, and James F. Wilson—62.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Anderson, Baldwin,
Banks, Baxter, Bergen, Bidwell, Bingham, Blaine,
Boutwell, BroomaH,Chanler, SidneyClarke, Darimg,
Dawes, Dawson, Dixon, Donnelly, Dumont, Eggle-
ston, Eliot, Ferry, Garfield, Grinnell, Griswold, Hart,
Hayes, Holmes, Hooper, Hotehkiss, Asahel W. Hub-
bard, Chester V. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, Hulburd,
James Humphrey, James M. Humphroy, Jenekes,
Kelley, Keteham, Laflin, Latham, Longyear, Lynch,
Marston, Marvin, MeKee, Mefvtter, Mercur, Miller,
Newell, O'Neill, Patterson, Perham, Phelps, Pike,
Pomeroy, Radiord, Samuel J. Randall, Alexander
H. Rice, John H. Rice, Rogers, Rollins, Sitgreares,
Spalding, Starr, Stevens, Strouse, Taber, Taylor, John
Jj. Thomas, Thornton. Upson, Van Aernarn, Robert
T. Van Horn. Warner, William B. Washburn, Wha-
ley, Stephen I\ Wilson, and Woodbridge—80.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ancona, Delos R. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Barker. Blow. Brooks, Bundy, Cul-
ver, Davis, Denison, Driggs. Glossbrenner, Harris,
Iligby, Hogan. John H. Hubbard, Edwin N. Hub-
bell, James R. Hubbell, Jones, Julian, Kasson, Mor-
rill, Moiris, Moulton, Myers, Niblaek, Noell, Ray-
mond, Ritter, Rousseau. Sawyer, Schenclt, Smith,
Francis Thomas, Burt Van Horn, Voorhees, Went-
worth, Windom, Winfield, and Wright—40.
So the amendment of the Committee of the
Whole was not agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
following:
For purchase of the right of drainage through the
yard, now held by the city of Charles town, $25,000.
The question was taken; and there were,
upon a division—ayes 27, noes 56; no quorum
voting.
Mr. BANKS called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Banks and
NT0n0L.S0NT were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers reported
that there were—ayes 35, noes 62.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. SLOAN called for the yeas and nays
upon agreeing to the amendment of the Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
RECEPTION OF GENERAL CROOKE.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire, at this time, to
submit to the House a proposition similar to
one that has before been submitted this morn-
ing. This House has shown a very proper dis-
position to receive with due respect and honor
the defenders of the country.
I have the pleasure to announce the presence
in the Hall of Major General George Crooke,
whose services with General Sheridan in the
valley of the Shenandoah, as well as his per-
formances elsewhere, will be so well remem-
bered by this House. 1 therefore move that
the House now take a recess in order to enable
the Speaker to introduce General Crooke to
this House.
No objection was made.
The House accordingly took a recess.
[Tho SPEA KER having, amid applause, con-
ducted General Crooke to the Speaker's desk,
said:
Gentlemen of the House of Representatives,
for a portion of the time in which the country
was engaged in the war for its salvation, the
valley of the Shenandoah was the scene of many
defeats of our national arms. But toward the
close of the rebellion there appeared a general,
who, by his magnetic power over his men, and
by his brilliant dash, stands perhaps equal tothe
bravest of all in the land; and he converted the
valley of the Shenandoah from a valley of hu-
miliation to a valley of victory for our national
arms. Prominent among the generals who
aided Phil. Sheridan in his heroic achievements
was Major General George Crooke, whom I have
now the pleasure, by your order, to introduce
to you. [Applause.]
General Crooke. Gentlemen, I thank you.
[ Applause. ]
The members of the House were then intro-
duced to General Crooke by the Speaker.
At the conclusion of the recess the House
resumed its session,]
RECEPTION OF GENERAL WARD.
Mr. SMTTH. I desire to state to the House
that when the war began, in 1860 and 1861, we
had in the western country some men who took
the side of the Government in the most deter-
mined manner, and who have been promoted
to high positions for meritorious conduct dur-
ing the war. There is upon this floor to-day a
general from my State, in whom I have the
greatest confidence, and for whom I have the
higbest admiration. He entered the contest at
the beginning of the war, when but few men
from that State dared uphold the banner of
their country. He not only fought in many of
the battles in the beginning of the war, but he
marched with his troops under General Sher-
man in his magnificent march to the sea.
I move that the House now take a recess for
the purpose of giving the Speaker an opportu-
nity to introduce to this House Major General
William T. Ward, of Kentucky, who is one of
the truest men of this country in every sense of
the word.
No objection was made, and the House
accordingly took a recess.
[The SPEAKER having, amid applause,
conducted General Ward to the Speaker's desk,
said:
Gentlemen of the House of Representatives,
when the storm-cloud of war burst upon our
land, the hearts of all loyal people from ocean
to ocean warmed toward those brave men in
the South who stood by the imperiled flag of
the Republic. As you have just heard from
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Smith,]
General Ward, who stands beside me, was one
of those gallant men. The country does him
honor, as the House does him honor to-day;
and I have great pleasure in introducing him to
yon. [Applause.]
General Ward said: I cordially thank the
House for the kind reception which I have met
with at their hands. When this unnatural and
terrible revolution broke out, I swore in the
innermost recesses of my heart to assist the
Government in sustaining itself against that
rebellion, and never to lay down arms until the
last armed rebel should have been overcome.
I was faithful to that oath, and I have within
the last two or three months returned to civil
life. Among the recollections which I shall
be gratified to transmit to my latest posterity
is tho cordial manner in which you have re-
ceived me to-day, for which I tender you my
heartiest thanks. [Applause. ]
General Ward then came upon the floor and
was introduced by the Speaker to members of
the House.
At the expiration of the recess, the House
resumed its business.]
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL—AGAIN.
The next amendment reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
was read, as follows:
On page fi strike out lines one hundred and thirty-
fivo and one hundred and thirty-six, as follows:
Por building for offices, $167,HS1.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
was read, as follows :
On page 7, strike out lines one hundred and tliirly-
eight and one hundred and thirtv-rnne.ns follows:
For purchase of Oakman & Eldridge's wharf,
$133,000.
On agreeing to the amendment there were,
on a division—ayes 43, noes 40; no quorum
voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers ; and appointed Mr. Warhwjrs'e, of Illi-
nois. and Mr. Rice, of Massachusetts.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 46, noes 51.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken: and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 75, nays 73, not voting
31; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Baker, Barker. Baxter,
Beaman, Benjamin. Bingham, Blaine, Boutwell,
BiMudegee, Broomall, Reader W. Clarke. Oimklmg,
Cook, Cullom, Defrees, Delano, Doming, Eekley, "Kl-
dridgo, Farquhar, Pinek, (iarlield, Grider, Grinnell,
Aaron Harding, Abner C. Harding, Hill, Hotehkiss,
Chester D. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, John 11. Hub-
bard, James R. Hubbell, Ingersoll, Julian, Kelso,
Kerr, Kuykendall, Latham. George V. Lawrence,
William Lawrence, Le Blond, Loan, Marshall, Me-
Clurg, Mclndoe, Mercur, Moulton. Niblaek, Orth,
Paine, Plants, Price, William H. Randall, Rogers,
Ross, Schenck, Scofield, Shanklin, Shcllabarger,
Sloan, Smith, Stilwell, Thajer, Thornton, Trimble,
Trowbridge, Ward, Elihu B. Washburne, Welker,
Williams, James P. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, and
Windom—75.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Baldwin, Banks.Ber-
gen, Bidwell, Boyer, Buckland, Chanter, Sidney
Clarke, Darling, Davis, Dawes, Dawson, Dixon,
Driggs, Dumont, Eggleston, Eliot, Perry, Glossbren-
ner, Goodyear, Griswold, Hale, Hayes, Higby, Holmes,
Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard. Hulburd, James Hum-
phrey, James M. Humphrey. Jenekes, Johnson, Kas-
son, Kelley, Ketcham. Laflin, Lonsryear, Lynch,
Marston, Marvin, McKee, MeRuer, Miller. Moor-,
head, Morrill, Myers, Nieholson, Noell, O'Neill,Pat- '
terson, Perham, Phelps, Pike, Pomeroy. Radford,
SamuelJ.Randall.Alexanderll.Rice, John II.Rice,
Rollins,Spalding, Starr. Stevens,Taber, Taylor, Up-
son, Van Aernarn, Burt Van Horn, Voorhees, War-
ner, WilliamB. Washburn, and Whaley—73.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ancona, Anderson, Delos
R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Blow, Brooks, Bundy,
Cobb, Culver, Denison, Donnelly. Farnsworth, Har-
ris, Hart, Henderson, Hogan, Edwin N. Hubbell*
Jones, McCullough, Morris, Newell, Raymond, Rit-
ter, Rousseau, Sawyer, Sitgreaves, Strouse, Francis
Thomas, John L. Thomas, Robert, T. Van Horn,
Wentworth, Winfield, Woodbridge, and Wright—34.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Rlmois, moved to
reconsider tl\e vote just taken ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table..
The latter motion was agreed to.
The next amendment reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
was read, as follows:
On pnge 7, strike out lines one hundred and forty-
one and one hundred and forty-two, as follows;
Tor machine shop, main building", i&OS.GlU.
On agreeing to the amendment, there were,,
on a division—ayes ol, noes f>4.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas, 73, nays G6, not voting
43 f as follows.:
YEAS-—Messrs. 4-mcs, Baker, Barker, Beairrazr,
Benjamin, Bingham, Blaine, Boutwell, Brandegee,
Bromwell, Broomail, Buckland, Reader W. Clarke,
Cobb, Cook, Cullom, Dawson, Befrce.s, Delano. l>em-
ing, Donnelly, Eekley, Farquhar, Garfield, Grider,
Grinnell, Aaron Harding, Abner C. Rardinsr, Hayes,
Hill,. Asahel W. Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, James
li. Hubbell, Ingersoll, Julian, Kelso, Kuykendall,
George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Le Blond,.
Loan, Lynch, McClurg, Melruloe, Morrill, Moulton*
Orth, Paine. Perham, Plants. Price, "William IT.Ilnn-
dall, John H. Rico, Ross, Sawyer, Hehenek, Seoficld,
Shanklin. Shellabargcr, Sitgreaves, Sloan. Stilwell,
Thsiycr, Francis Thomas,Trimble, Trowbridge. Hlihu
B. Washburne, "William B. Washburn, Whaley, Wil-
liams, James F. Wilson,Stephen F.Wilson, and Win-
dom—73.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Baldwin, Banks, Ber-
gen, Boyer, Chanler, Sidney Clarke, Darling, Dixon,
Eldridjre. Eliot, Ferry, Finck, Glossbrenner, Good-
year, Griswold. Hale, Higby. Holmes,Hooper,llotoh-
kiss, Chesteri>. Hubbaid,Denias Hubbard,llulburd,
James Humphrey, James M. Humphicy. Jenekes*
Johnson. Kasson, Kelley, Kerr, Ketcham, Laflin,
Latham, Lcngyear, Marshall, Marston. Marvin, Mc-
Kee, MeRuer, Moorhead, Myers, Nicholson, Noell,
O'Neill, Pnt'crson,Phelps, Pike, Pnmerow Radford,
Samuel J.Randall, Alexander if. Rice. Rogers, Rol-
lins*, Smith, Spalding, Stair, Strouse. Taber, Taylor,
Thornton, Van Aernarn, Burt Van Horn, Voorhees,
and Warnej—66,
ISOT VOTING —Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ancona.,
Delos R. Ashley. James M. Ashlev, Baxter, Bidwell,
Blow, Brooks. Bundy. Conkiinc. Culver, Davis,
Dawes, Denison,-Driggs. Dumont, Kgcle;-ton, Farns-
worth, Harris, Hart, Hender.-oii, Hogan, Edwin N.
Hubbell, Jones. MeOulloug;b,Mcreur, Miller, Morris,
Newell, Niblaek, Raymond. Ritter, Rous«cau, Ste-
vens. John L. Thomas. Upson, Robert T. Van Horn,
Ward, Welker, Wentworth, Winfield, Woodbridge,
and Wright—43.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was to strike out the
following:
For machine sJiop, boiler wing-, $101,430,
The amendment was eoneuned in.
Mr. STKVENS. I hope that the next ap-
propriation will be kept in, as it is necessary.
The next amendment was to strike out the
following:
For iron-plating shop, 898,022.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
