1840
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
April 7,
Provisional Governor Sharkey, of Mississippi,
under elate of July 24, 1805, as follows:
" The government of the State will be provisional
only until the civil government is reorganized with
the approval of Congress."
As late as September 12,1865, the same high
functionary telegraphs Provisional Governor
Marvin, of Florida:
" It must, however, be distinctly understood that
the restoration to which your proclamation refers
will be subject to the decision of Congress."
In the exercise of this decision let Congress
set forth in distinct terms the conditions of
restoration. Let us place before the whole
people certain fundamental and irreversible
guarantees to which assent should be required
from the disorganized States as a condition-
precedent to becoming governing partners in
the nation. In pursuance of this policy I would
embody in constitutional amendments :
1. Prohibition of the.payment of the rebel
debt.
2. Prohibition of the payment for slaves.
8. An equal basis of representation in every
State.
' 4. A declaration of the indivisibility and
sovereignty of the Union.
I would require further that the rebel States
should make equal the civil rights of all their
loyal inhabitants; and establish State govern-
ments republican in form and based upon im-
partial suffrage.
Tn the words of Andrew Johnson, which I
fully adopt, uttered on the Uth of June, 1864,
in his speech at Nashville:
"Thequestion is, whether man is capable of self-
government. I hold, witll Jefferson, thai- Government
was madofor tiic convenience of man, and not man
for Government. The laws and constitutions were
designed as instrument;1 to promote his welfare. And
henco, from this principle, X conclude that govern-
ments can and ought to be changed and amended to
conform to the wants, to the requirements and prog-
ress of the people, and the enlightened spirit of the
ago. [Loud applause.] Now, if any of your seces-
sionists have lost faith m men's capacity tor self-
government, and feel uniit for the exercise of this
great right, go straight to reboldom, take Joff.Davis,
ijeauregard, and Bragg for your masters, and put
their coil,us on your necks.
"And let ine say that now is the time to secure
these fundamental principles, while the land is rent
with anarchy and upheaves with the throes of a
mighty revolution. While society is in this disoi-
dered state, aud we are seeking security, let us fix
the foundations of the Uovernment on principles of
eternal justice which will endure for all tunc.
" Hut in calling a convention to restore the State,
who shall restore and reestablish it? Shalt the man
who gave hr- influence and his means to destroy the
Government ? is he to participate in the gieat work
of leorcanization? Shall he who brought this mis-
ery upon the State be permitted to control its desti-
nies? If thi* be so, then all this precious blood of
our brave soldiers and officers so freely pouied out
will have been wantonly spilled. All the glorious
victories won by our noble armicswill go for naught,
and all the battle-fields which have been sown with
dead heroes during the rebellion will have been made
memorable in vain.
"Why all this carnage and devastation? It was
that treason might be put down and iraii or.- punished.
Therefore 1 say that traitors should take a back seat
in the work of restoration." *■ " * ' "X
say that the tiaitor has ceased to be a citizen, and ill
joinm? the rebellion lias become a public enemy. lie
forfeited his right to vote with loyal men when he
renounced his citizenship and sought to destroy our
Government."
These, sir, indorsed by this high authority,
are, in my judgment, the main features of any
plan of reconstruction which would be adequate
to meet the emergencies of this crisis.
But the duties of this Congress do not end
here. We must keep faith with the defenders
of the nation in the hour of peril. Early in
the session it was my privilege, as I esteemed
it my duty, to introduce a Ml! for the equaliza-
tion of bounties. I hope the Committee on
Military Affairs will soon report some measure
of the kind, and that it will be adopted at this
session. While we guard the national credit,
let lis not hesitate to repay the debt of grati-
tude we owe to the citizen soldiery of the
Republic.
Sir, there is another lesson we should not
forget. History admonishes us that the people
must be jealous of the powers vested in the
representative branch of the Government. In
the struggles which have taken place for the
maintenance of representative democracy the
encroachments of power have always been
directed against the popular branch of the sys-
tem. Cromwell, seizing supreme power, and
restless of control, dispersed the Long Parlia-
ment by the bayonets of his soldiery. Napo-
leon returning a conqueror from Egypt, paved
his wav to despotic power by the forcible disper-
sion of the Constituent Assembly of France.
Louis Napoleon, in later days, with the oath to
the French republic fresh on his lips, which,
unmindful of his uncle's treachery, had elected
him to the highest office in its gift, denounced
the National Assembly as revolutionary and
traitorous, arrested its members, butchered
those who defended them, and invested him-
self with imperial power. And, sir, let it not
pass unnoticed here that the organs of treason
and sedition at the national capital, and in the
North and in the South, have boldly called
upon an American President to play the role
of the usurper, and disperse by force the Con-
gress of the United States, a body which holds
in its keeping the liberties and the interests of
the loyal millions of America.
Surely it is the duty of the President they
thus insult by inviting him to become a revo-
lutionist and a despot, to arrest and punish
the traitors who uttered this astounding trea-
son; for Andrew Johnson has often declared
that "treason must bo made odious and trai-
tors must be punished;" and as late as April
20, 1865, he'declared :
"It is time the American people should bo taught
to understandthattreason is acrimo, notin revenge,
not in anger, but that treason is a crime, and should
be esteemed as such and punished as such."
Sir, there has been no treason so bold and
so easily detected as that of the National Intel-
ligencer and of the Chicago Times, and other
papers to which I have alluded.
Mr. Speaker, let us guard with watchful eyes
the citadel of freedom. Though there may be
no misuse or usurpation of power at present,
who can look into the future and divine its his-
tory ; for its ambitions, its conspiracies, its
mysteries, as well as its brightest pages, are
hidden from our sight. All we can do is, to
learn by the history of the past, and to build
as firm as the everlasting hills the fabric of a
true representative Government, in which the
rights of the many shall be forever protected
from the caprice, the will, or the despotism of
the few. In this great crisis each department
of the Government has separate and distinct
duties, and my prayer to Almighty God is that
each and all will perform them well.
ADMISSION OF TENNESSEE.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. Speaker, I regret
being unable to agree with the committee on
reconstruction as to the policy and expediency
of passing the joint resolution. I ask the at-
tention of the House while I give the reasons
that constrain me to vote .against it. In doing
so, I will endeavor to confine myself within the
limits of legitimate debate, although the ques-
tion brings up and involves all the questions
touching the status of the insurrectionary States,
their past and present attitude toward the Fed-
eral Government, and the duty of Congress in
reconstructing them. Upon the result of our
decision in the case of Tennessee hangs the
fate of the other ten. The precedent estab-
lished by the passage of this joint resolution
will bo cited and followed in our legislation for
all the others. It may go far beyond what now
claims our attention. Our successors years and
perhaps centuries hence may be called upon to
pass judgment on the people of some other
revolting State, when our sayings and doings
will be eagerly scanned, digested, and com-
mented on, approvingly or disapprovingly. We
all know the force of precedent in the decision
of all such problems.
We are making history, and no page in the
history of our country will record matter of
greater importance to "millions yet unborn"
than that which chronicles our deliberations
on this resolution. We are often told that
history repeats itself; hence the necessity of
making such a page as when repeated will not
involve those who succeed us in the Govern-
ment in as "great or even greater difficulties
than we are now encountering.
This joint resolution is very skillfully worded,
and bears the impress of a mind of no ordi-
nary character. I must be permitted to con-
gratulate its author in having fully succeeded
in employing language that effectually " con-
ceals histliouglits." Are the rebellions States
in or out of the Union ; are they dead and
awaiting sepulture, or alive and as majestic as
ever; have they ceased to be stars in the con-
stellation, or do they now, and have they
during the din of battle, shone with the same
resplendent luster as at the "beginning? are
questions which the anxious inquirer will look
in vain for a solution of in the report of the
committee.
To this I have not the slightest objection.
Indeed I heartily approve of the wisdom dis-
played by the committee in ignoring these per-
plexing questions, as they are entirely imma-
terial, mere abstractions, and unimportant in
themselves. It cannot be possible that a great
party after accomplishing so much, having in
the eyes of the world performed miracles, suc-
cessfully carrying us through difficulties appar-
ently insurmountable, finally emerging from
the contest victorious at every point, and crown-
ing all by ridding the country of a curse as
dreadful as ever afflicted mankind, will suffer
itself to be split on such rocks as these. Not
the least of the many strange events of the pres-
ent day would be such a result.
T assume that into these intricate proposi-
tions even the keen sagacity and penetrating
eyes of the very able gentlemen composing the
committee on reconstruction "see but dimly.'"
In this they are in sympathy with the public
mind, which is entirely at sea.
The "midnight oil" consumed in efforts to
penetrate their depths and solve their mvstc-
ries, has shed but little light on the general
gloom. Look where we will, and in whatever
direction we may, no familiar landmark is dis-
cernible. The history of the world presents
no parallel case. Whether the insurrectionary
States are in or out of the Union, whether they
are entitled to all the rights, privileges, and
immunities pertaining to and enjojjed by the
loyal States, or whether they are Territories,
conquered provinces, or subjugated communi-
ties, cannot bo determined by the lights of the
past. The various writers on public law have
discussed the relation one State bears to an-
other, their rights, duties, and liabilities; but
they have nowhere discussed questions of this
character. They speak of States, but nol of
such States as compose the American Union..
They lay down certain laws that govern in time
of war and upon the return of peace; but those
laws will be found wholly inapplicable to the
eases under consideration.
While it is true that the public mind is
unsettled upon the various questions growing
out of the reconstruction, or restoration if you
prefer, of the revolted States, there are cer-
tain facts developed by the events of the last
five years that the people do fully understand
and a*bout which there is no dispute. They
know full well that a most w-icked'and unholy
rebellion, formidable in its proportions, and
worse than savage in its character, was inau-
gurated for the overthrow of the Government
of our fathers. They know that the chief
conspirators in that rebellion were men hold-
ing high positions in the Government, and
while acting under the solemnities of an oath
to support, protect, and defend it.
They know that in its suppression the nation
has incurred a debt of 53.000,000,000, that is
to be wrung out of the industry of the country.
They know that in every hamlet and upon every
hearth-stone in the land have been shed bitter
tears of sorrow and anguish for some dear one,
whose life was given a sacrifice on the altar of
liberty. 'They know that the right finally pre-
vailed ; that the rebel hosts were overthrown,
and that the flag they love so well proclaims
