1806.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The next amendment was to strike out the
following:
For quay-wall extension at derrick, $100,000.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was to strike out the
following:
For quay-wall extension at sewer, £100,000.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was to strike out the
following:
For dredging channels, $65,000.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was to strike out the
following :
For filling low places on new purchase, $100,000.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was to strike out the
following:
For machinery for new machine shop, boiler shop,
pattern shop, and smithery, $180,000.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 16,
noes 40.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Spalding
and Darling were appointed.
The House again divided; and there were—
ayes 57, noes 54.
Mr. SPALDING demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 73, nays 62, not voting
47 ; as follows:
YEAS — Moesrs. Ames, Baker, Banks, Baxter, Bea-
man, Benjamin, Bidwell, Bingham, Boutwell, Bran-
degee, Bromwell, Broomall, Buekland, Reader W.
Clarke, Cobb. Cook, Cullom, Dawson, Delano, Deming,
Driggs, Ecklcy, Farquhar, Grinnell, Aaron Ilaiding,
AbncrC. Harding. Hill, Asahel W.Hubbard, John II.
Hubbard, James R. Ilubbcll, Ingersoll, Julian,Kelso,
Kerr, Kuykendall, Latham, George V. Lawrence, Wil-
liam Lawrence, Le Blond, Loan, Marshall, McClurg,
Mclndoe, Mercur, Morrill, Moulton, Orth, Paine, Per-
ham, Pike,Plants, Price,William II. Randall, John II,
Hiee, Ross. Sawyer, Sehenck,Scolie]cl,Shanklin,Shel-
labarger, Sloan, Smith, Stilwell, Thayer, Thornton,
Trowbridge, Elihu B. Washburnc, William B. Wash-
burn, Welker, Whaley, Williams, James F. Wilson,
and Windom—73.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Anderson, Baldwin, Bergen,
Boyer, Chanler, Conkling, Darling, Davis, Defrees,
Dixon, Donnelly, Eldridee, Eliot, Ferry, Finek.Gloss-
brenner, Goodyear, Gnswold, Hale, Hart, Hogan,
Holmes, Hooper, llotchkiss, Chester D. Hubbard, De-
mas Hubbard, llulbuid, JamesIIumplirey, JamesM.
Humphrey, Jenckcs.Kasson.Kcllev, Ketcham.Lafiin,
Longyear, Marston, Marvin, MeCullough, McKee,
Mcliuer, Miller, Myers, Newell, Niblac.k, Nicholson,
O'Neill,Pomoroy, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Alex-
ander If. Itice, Rollins, Sitgreaves, Spalding, Starr,
Stevens, Stiouse, Tabcr, Taylor, Upson, Van Acrnam,
Wiuner, and Woodbridge—62.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Allison, Anconn, Delos
R. Ashlev, James M. Ashley, Barker, Blaine, Blow,
Brooks, Bundy, Sidney Clarke, Culver, Dawes, Dem-
son,Dumont, Effgleston, Farn°\vorth, Garfiold.Grider,
Harris,Hayes, Henderson,Iligby, Edwin N. Hubbell,
Johnson, jones, Lynch, Moorhead, Morris, Noell,
Patterson, Phelps, Raymond, Hitter, Rogers, Rous-
seau, Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas, Trimble,
Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Voorhees,
Word, Wentworth, Stephen F.Wilson, WinQeld, and
Wright—47.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
reconsider the vote by which the House struck
out the paragraph, and to lay that motion on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was
to strike out after line one hundred and sixty-
six and insert the following:
For protecting from destruction and decay the un-
finished buildings and her structures already com-
menced. for which no appropriation is made m this
bill. $20,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was
to strike outlines one hundred and seventy-one
and one hundred and seventy-two. as follows :
For Buckley's patent drier with buildings complete,
$30,(100.
The question being taken on this amendment,
lio quorum voted.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hill and
Glossmiesxer were appointed.
The House divided; and the teller^ reported'
—ayes 51, noes 48.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was
to strike out lines one hundred and eighty-nine
and one hundred and ninety, as follows:
For repairof dry-doek atasonry and gates, $20,000.
The amendment was agreed to. .
The next amendment of the committee was
to strike out line one hundred and ninety-one,
as follows:
For quay-wall, £15,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suggest
that the vote may be taken on the amendments
in gross, unless some gentleman wishes to lake
a separate vote on some one of them.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will regard the
House as concurring in all these amendments
unless some gentleman desires a separate vote.
The following amendments of the committee,
were then reported, to strika out the following
items:
For quay-wall, $15,000.
For iron and copper store No. 11, $35,000.
For ship-joiners' shop and timber-shed No. 12,
$45,000.
For furniture and galley storehouse, $36,000.
For storehouse No. 14, $46,000.
For completion of stables, $10,000.
For new dredging machine, scows, and dredging,
$45,000.
For new shears, $30,000.
For building for offices, $15,000.
The question being taken on the foregoing
amendments, they were agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was
to strike out line two hundred and ten and
insert in lieu thereof the following :
For the protection of property at Norfolk navy-yard,
$20,000, or so much thereof as may be necessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendments were to strike out the
following items:
For commandant's quarters, $23,245.
For quarters for officers, $50,000.
The amendments were agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out lines
two hundred and nineteen and two hundred and
twenty, and insert the following :
For the preservation of the property of the United
States at the Pcnsacola navy-yard, or so much thereof
as may be necessary, $20,000.
Mr. THAYER. I ask a separate vote on that.
The question was taken on the amendment,
and it was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was
to add the following to the bill:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That so much of
the first section of tile act making appropriations for
the naval sorvicc, approved May 21,1861, as appropri-
ates $250,000 for bounties for the destruction of ene-
mies' vessels, as per act of Mav 17,1862, be amended
so t hat sa id a ppropriations sh all be applied to all eases
of destruction of enemies' vessels during the rcccnt
rebellion, and at tho same rate as is provided" for in
the'act to which reference is made.
Mr. STEVENS. T believe I must ask a sep-
arate vote on that.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. Speaker, should any-
body vote on that who does not know what it
means ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot say.
Mr. HALE. I ask to have the section of the
act to which this amendment applies repeated.
The SPEAKER,. That canbe done by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. STEVENS. Let the act be read.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. The eleventh
section of the act making the appropriation
referred to contains this provision, that when-
ever it is ncoessary to desttov an enemy's vessel
at seainstead of bringing it hi to port to be adjudi-
cated upon under the prize law, a bulimy shall be
paid to the captors equal to S100 per man on
board of the vessel destroyed : and that it shall
be equal to $200 per man on board the enemy's
vessel, provided the enemy's vessel be superior
to the captor's. In ease tho enemy's vessel
captured or flertiroyed is inferior to her captor,
then the bounty to be paid is S100 per man on
board the enemy's vessel. That is the regular
provision of the prize law.
Now, when that act was passed, no appro-
priation was made for- such bounties. 'At, a
subsequent session of Congress an appropriar
tion of $250,000 was made to carry out the pro-
visions of that law. The accounting officers of
the Treasury construed the law to be applicable
only from "and after its passage; There is one
case, however, in which an enemy's-vessel was*
destroyed during this rebellion, anterior to the
passage of the prize law-, and the entire pur-
pose of this amendment isto enable the acepuHtr
ing officers of the Treasury to include that ease, -
and pay to the captors just what is paid by law
to captures made since the enactment of this
law. There is but one single case.
Mr. HALE. What is the case?
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I cannot give
the name of the vessel, but it is a case that
occurred since the breaking out of the rebel-
lion, but before the passage of the prize law,
and the whole object is to include that vessel
in the settlement that is authorized by law to
apply to all captures made since the law was
passed. I will state that this amendment was
drawn up by the Fourth Auditor, and was made
to fit the case in question.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I hope this matter will
not be tacked on to this bill; it does not legit-
imately belong here, and the subject has not
been considered at all by the Committee on'
Naval Affairs. It can be put in some of the
bills now being considered in that committee.
I hope the House will vote the amendment
down because we do not understand it.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I will yield to
the chairman of the Judiciary Committee to
tead the law on this subject.,
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I send to the Clerk
to be road tho eleventh section of the prize law,
to which the gentleman from Massachusetts has
referred.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" Sec. 11 .Andbe if furtlicy enacted, That abounty shall
be paid by the United States for each person on board
any ship or vessel-of-war belonging to an enemy at the
commcnccmentof an engagement,which shail he sunk
or otherwise destroyed in such engagement by any ship
or vessel belonging to the United States, or which it
may be necessary to destroy in consequence ot injuries
sustained in action, oj SlOOif the enemy's vessel was of
inferior force, and of $200 if of equal or superior force,
to be divided among the officers and crew in the same
manner as prize money; and when the actual number
of men on board any such vessel cannot be satisfacto-
rily ascertained, it shall be estimated according to the
complement allowed to vessels of its class in the Navy
of the United States; and there shall be paid as bounty
to tho captors of any vesscl-of-war captured from an
onemy, which they may be instructed to destroy, or
which shall bcimmediately destroyed for thepub lie in-
terest, but not in consequence ofinjurics received in ac-
tion, fifty dollars for every person who shaltbe on hoard
at the time ot such capture. All ransom money, sal-
vage, bounty, or proceeds of condemned property, ac-
cruing or awarded to any vessel of the Navy, shall bo
distributed and paid to the officers and men entitled
thereto m the same manner as prize money, under the
direction of the Secretary of tho Navy."
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I have only to
add that this clause does not call for any addi-
tional appropriation. It is only to enable tho
accounting officers of the Treasury to carry out
the provisions of the existing law.
Tellers were ordered on the amendment; and
Messrs. Br.ANDEGEEandUj>sox were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 06, noes 30.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The last amendment reported by the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
was to add to the bill the following as an ad-
ditional section:
Seo. 3. And be it further enacted, That no portion
of the amounts herein appropriated shall be paid in
violation of the provisions of the act entitled "An
act to prescribe an oath of office, and for other pur-
poses," approved July 2, I8G2.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time : and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time.
Air. STEVENS demanded the previous ques-
tion on tho passage of tho bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed: and also moved
