1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8761
are many reasons why this bill shouM be post-
poned, and I hope the Senate will consent to
postpone it. Tne question of power, in the
first place, is not one to be trifled with. The
question of power is one that ought to be well
considered by the Senate,, because the principle
involved is, whether Congress has the power to
create a private corporation within one of the
States ot the Union, the franchise to be exer-
cised solely in that State. Perhaps the Senate
will decide that Congress have that power; but
if they do so decide, the decision will, I think,
be in conflict with the best opinions of the
early statesmen, and in conflict also with the
practice of the Government for nearly eighty
years. A bill which proposes that the Con-
gress of the United States shall create a pri-
vate corporation and authorize it to build a
canal around the falls of Niagara, in the State
of New York, for ships to navigate the water
otto go through the air, as this bill provides,
an4 which appropriates $6,000,000 from the
Treasury of the United States to the private
corporation thus created, without ever hav-
ing any survey or reliable estimate from the
engineer department of the Government as to
the cost, whether it will be $6,000,000 or
$30,000,000, and without knowing whether
the project is feasible or not, and without hav-
ing shown any public necessity for it, and this
as a commercial measure, for commercial pur-
poses, in time of peace, when the country is
borne down with enormous taxation, is, to say
the least of it, a measure of a very grave char-
acter, and which, it appears to me, should not
be entertained for a moment if we expect to
retain the confidence and respect of the coun-
try as wise and prudent legislators.
The State of New York is entitled to some
voice in this matter. It seems to me that it
would be entirely proper to give as long a
time as is proposed, until December next, on
that account, for that State has public works
that are to be jeoparded, perhaps destroyed ;
and it is not for the interest of Senators repre-
senting western States to undertake any meas-
ure that shall result in disaster to the Erie
canal. There has been one deliberate, well-con-
sidered, but bold attempt'to sell the Brie canal
to a large and powerful corporation. That was
made a little less than ten years ago. It failed
then, but it may be made again. If this bill
passes, and this ship-canal is built and is suc-
cessful, and a large portion of the transporta-
tion is taken from the Erie canal to this ship-
canal, there will come up a cry from all parts
of the State to sell the Brie canal, to have the
constitution amended and have the canal sold,
as has been done in the State of Pennsylva-
nia. That will come whenever taxes become
extremely heavy. Well, sir, there is but one
buyer, there can be but one buyer that buyer
wiil be the New York Central railroad ; and
of course, after buying the Ere canal they will,
get control of this corporation around Niagara
falls, for that would be a very simple process;
and when they get the entire control and make
a monopoly of the carrying trade, I think it
will be the darkest day for the agricultural
products of the West that they have ever yet
seen.
The Senator from Ohio said this_ morning
they burnt their corn for fuel. Let this monop-
oly once be created, and the Erie canal will be
made to pay $100,000,000; and they will not
only be compelled to burn their corn in the
West but they will also burn their wheat. They
will be looking around very soon for a new
channel. It has taken from thirty to forty
years to secure this channel; and how long
will it take to secure another?
Sir, the interests of the West and the inter-
ests of the East are identical; there should
be no rivalry; there should be no rival route.
What should be done would be to enlarge the
locks of the Erie canal, and that measure will
be done by the State of New York. I feel con-
fident that the looks upon the Erie canal will
be enlarged; measures will be taken during
the next winter: and those locks can be en-
larged in a single year so that boats of from
39th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 236.
five hundred and fifty to six hundred tons can
be taken through. I hope, therefore, the
motion to'-postpono will prevail.
Mr. SHERMAN. When this subject was
up the other day, I think I indicated a purpose
to move to postpone the bill, but I withdrew it
at the suggestion of other Senators. Further
reflection has convinced me, although the ne-
cessities of my immediate constituents are very
much in favor of the construction of this ship-
canal, yet that we ought not at the present ses-
sion of Congress undertake by this bill to com-
mence the construction ofthat work. The State
of New York, as the Senator from New York
has properly said, is now in possession of a
work that has always been liberally managed
to the West. As long as that work is controlled
by the State of New York there is no doubt
that the tolls will be put as low as they can be
consistent with the proper repair of the work
and a small income from it. No complainthas
ever been made of unreasonable or improper
tolls on that canal, but the canal itself is not
sufficient to transport vessels of proper size,
schooners and the like, from the waters of the
lakes to the waters of the Hudson, and, there-
fore sooner or later so me mode of transit around
Niagara falls will be constructed. But the ques-
tion with me is whether we should commence
the construction of that.work by giving to a cor-
poration of citizens, over whom we shall have
no control, over whose tolls we shall have no
control, who will only be controlled by their
own interests, a monopoly of this work. I am
inclined to think that if this work is ever done
by a corporation, they will levy such a tribute
upon the transportation of the West as to make
it oppressive, and we shall all regret that we had
any agency in this transaction.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator has not
examined the bill, surely. We have control
over the tolls by the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then the bill has been
altered from what it was originally. I have not
noticed the amendments that have been made.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The twenty-seventh sec-
tion authorizes Congress at any time to alter,
amend, or repeal the act; and "then we provide
for a board to meet every five years to revise
the tolls.
Mr. SHERMAN. The authority to amend
or repeal the act does not amount to anything.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We provide in section
twenty-three for a board of commissioners to
meet every five years to revise the tolls.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know that for a con-
siderable period of time there is no limit on
the tolls, and then a revision is to be made by
five commissioners, one to be appointed by the
President, one by the Governor of New York,
. one by the Governor of Massachusetts, one by
the tJovernor of Illinois, and one by the canal
company. I look upon a tribunal of that kind
to revise tolls as of very little account. _ At any
rate it is not the proper way to place it under
the control of five men, one interested, being
appointed by the company, another appointed
by the President of the United States, and three
appointed by the Governors of New Yorlt, Mas-
sachusetts, and Illinois. Why confine the ap-
pointments to those particular States'.' The
State of Ohio will have much more interest
in this canal when built than any other State.
In New York it will be a rival to works held
by the State itself. The State of Massachu-
setts has no interest in it whatever that-1 know
of. The produce going through this canal will
either go on to the sea through the St. Law-
rence, or will go through the Oswego canal on
its way to New York, so that I cannot see why
Massachusetts is designated as one of the States
which is to have the appointment of a com-
missioner. .
At any rate this mode of regulating toils is
a very insufficient one, "and I think that when
this work is done it ought to be done by the
Government of the United States. In the
mean time-we have the benefit of the \\ elland
canal and we have the benefit of the Erie ca-
nal. We have those two modes of transit
now. It will be a long time before this work
is completed under-the management of a com-
pany, and we are to undertake to guaranty
their bonds to the amount of S6,000,000. The
water privileges conferred by this improvement
will be immensely valuable. They ought to
be controlled by the Government when con-
structed. This is the great navigable stream,
the gi^at boundary between the Canadas and
the United States. It will be a work of great
cost and of great importance, and it ought to
be under the control of the Government. _
It seems to me that under these circum-
stances we ought not to embark in an opera-
tion that will involve us in the ultimate pay-
ment of $6,000,000 and the interest that may
accumulate upon that sum, because no Sena-
tor here, I imagine, supposes that this canal
company will ever payback the money. That
has not been the usual custom in dealing with
Government in such matters. With a single
exception no money ever spent by the Uni-
ted States in a work of internal improvement
has been refunded. It is very common to put
in the bills a provision for refunding the money,
but it has never been actually done except in
the case of the Louisville and Portland canal.
That is the only exception, and there the mere
principal was refunded after a long while, and
then the tolls were applied to buy out all the
private interests. It was found necessary and
indispensable in that case to buy out all the
private interests and vest the whole property
substantially in the United States. That work,
which was built by the Louisville and Port-
land Canal Company, the United States own-
ing one half of the stock and individuals own-
ing the other half, was conducted with great
success, and finally the Government of the
United States received back the principal of
its money, and then it became necessary to
reduce the tolls. The interests of private in-
dividuals, however, would not yield to a proper
reduction of the tolls, and the result was that
by the consent of Kentucky and the^ United
States a law was passed which authorized the
United States, substantially, to buy out the in-
terests of the private stockholders. That has
been done, and now the whole property is
owned by the United States, and no tolls are
received except enough to keep the canal in'
repair and to enlarge it. That is always the
result of the dealing of the Government with
a public improvement, and it ought to be the
result.
It seems to me that if we place this-fran-
chise and the construction of this work within
the power of any corporation, we shall either
be compelled to buy out that corporation, as
we did in the case of the Louisville and Port-
land canal, or we shall have constant com-
plaints about the tolls, constant struggles for
their decrease ; and if the danger with which
the Senator from New York threatens us should
occur, then we certainly should be in a very bad
predicament. A single corporation would con-
trol both charters, because if the New York
Central railroad should ever buy out the Erie
canal they would undoubtedly buy out this
computing line, and the result would_ be that
one huge monopoly would control this whole
business. '
Under the circumstances I feel disposed to
postpone the bill, especially as one section of
it which ig still retained, and without which
this bill could not have passed the House, pro-
vides that no action can lie taken under it until
after the meeting of the Legislature of New
York and its assent shall have been given. _ I
lia\e it from members of the Housewho are m
favor of the bill that it could not have passed
the House and could not have had the sanc-
tion of the committee that reported it without
that section.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That section was re-
ported in the Senate by our committee.
Mr SHERMAN. 1 beg pardon; 1 meant
to say that the bill cotfld not have been re-
ported to the Senate by our committee with-
out that section.
Mr. HOWARD. The bill passed the House
without that clause by a large majority.
