1842
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
April 7,
and the people of other States forbidden. Mis-
souri was at no time so declared nor regarded.
The Federal flag floated over no part of the ter-
ritory of Tennessee for more than nine months.
No important town in Missouri was at anytime
occupied by the enemy, and no armed foe at
any time walked the streets of her commercial
metropolis. Her important thoroughfares were
never but temporarily obstructed. The gov-
ernment of Tennessee was for a long time in
rebel hands, and until driven out by Federal
troops. As soon as treason manifested itself
in the government of Missouri the loyal people
rose in their might, hurled the traitors from
their places of power, chased them from the
State, and installed loyal men in their places.
Missouri has at all times been fully repre-
sented in Congress by loyal men, regularly
elected. Has such been the case in Tennessee?
Missouri at all times responded promptly to
every demand of the General Government for
troops, and I venture the assertion furnished a
larger number in proportion to her arms-bear-
ing population than any State in the Union.
The General Government is to-day her debtor to
the amount of $7,000,000 for money advanced
for its use. How stands Tennessee in that
respect? Slavery was abolished in Tennessee
by Federal bayonets. The people of Missouri
abolished it in spite of the "world, the flesh,
and the devil," the administrations at Jefferson
City, Washington, and Richmond. The loyal
masses early decreed its immediate extinguish-
ment, and gave"" neither sleep to their eyes
nor slumber to their eyelids" until the work
was done. Missouri, without any command
from Washington, and while the war was still
going on, placed all her people equal before
.the law, and provided for the mental improve-
ment of her freedmen by a tax on property, the
proceeds of their toil. There is not a Federal
soldier on her soil, nor is their presence neces-
sary. Is Tennessee the parallel in this respect?
Finally, Missouri lias placed her government in
the hands of men who have stood by the Union
in six troubles nor forsaken it in the seventh,
and intends to thus perpetuate it! "Trea-
son is made odious1' there, and bloody-handed
traitors compelled to take a back seat. When
Tennessee becomes the parallel of Missouri,
works up to the model Missouri furnishes, and
gives' evidence of her ability to stand alone,
none will be more forward in welcoming her
than (he humble individual now addressing you.
But the question is daily being asked, how
long is the South to be excluded, and what
period of probation is required? The Presi-
dent in answer has said, " Until they bring forth
the fruits of repentance.'' Who objects to that?
We are asked if we intend to tax them, require
military service of them, and still deny them
representation. Have not the people of the
District of Columbia, and of Nebraska and
Utah the same right to complain? Why are
the people of Utah denied admission into the
Union? Other States have been admitted with
a much smaller population. We all know the
reason, and should we consider treason any less
a crime, or should we seek to render it less
odious than polygamy? Not one reason now
given or that lias ever been given for rejecting
Utah but applies with tenfold force when ap-
plied to every southern State. But we aie told
that we should be generous and forgiving. I
will admit it. One says, " Pray, has not the
South suffered enough already ?" I answer yes,
and too much, but who are the authors of her
suffering? Surely not those who warned her
of the abyss to which she was hastening.
Another says, '"You must bo forgiving." I
agree to that, we must forgive them. Another
says, "You must treat them kindly and seek to
restore good feeling and brotherly love.'' Very
well. ] will agree to that also; still, I cannot
but remember that for sixty years every de-
mand upon us from that quarter was yielded
to upon the same plea, coupled with threats,
and relentless war was the fruit. Another
says, " Let by-gones be^by-gones." and every
gentleman on the other side of the House unites
in saying, "Lot us meet them as brothers.
trea^ them as the prodigal son was treated,
kill the fatted calf, and make merry."
For the sake of peace I am disposed to yield
a great deal, and as this beautiful parable of
the Saviour presents a case more nearly paral-
lel with thatundeaconsideration than any other
that suggests itself to me, I am disposed to
unite with the Opposition and make it the
"basisof reconstruction." There is another
reason why we should all close in upon that
platform, for when we have an example fur-
nished by Him "who spake as never man
spake," and we follow it, we are sure to not
go wrong. There can be no question but pos-
terity will approve our course, and I believe
our constituents will say to us,'' Well done, good
and faithful servants." The prodigal son, then,
is to be our guide, and let us look intoitalitrie
and apply the principle in practice.
"A certain man had two sons, and thcyounger
said to his father, Father, give me the por-
tion of goods that falleth to me. And he
divided unto them his living." This, I infer,
means: " I want to secede. I am deprived of
my rights here, therefore I prefer to set up for
myself, and be let alone." His father, rather
more Christian-like than Uncle Samuel, finally
consented. The account continues: "And not
many days after the younger son gathered all
together and took his journey into a far coun-
try"—Dixie probably—"and there wasted his
substance with riotous living." It is not stated
that he stole anything when about to leave, nor
that he attempted to take the life of his bene-
factor. Unlike our erring brothers, he did not
seize on his father's strong box, a hi New
Orleans and Charleston, nor clandestinely pur-
loin his weapons of defense, d la Floyd. But
the world has grown wiser since then. " And
when he had spent all there arose a mighty
famine in that land, and he began to be in
want." How completely this plank in the
platform fits, proving conclusively its architect
to be a master workman. "And he went and
joined himself to a citizen of that country"—
that is, sought a foreign alliance—"and he
sent him into his fields to feed swine." Our
brothers were not quite so successful. Had
they succeeded, undoubtedly the sequel would
have been the same. "And he would fain
have filled his belly with the husks that the
swine did eat; and no man gave unto him."
The blockade was effective, you observe. He
finally—probably after about four years' ab-
sence—came to himself and returned to his
father, who still had "bread enough and to
spare." As he met the old gentleman he
exclaimed, in the anguish of his soul, evincing
a spirit of real and sincere penitence, "Father,
I have sinned against heaven, and in thy sight,
and am no more worthy to be called thy son ;
make me as one of thy hired servants."
Who has ever seen a rebel return in this
frame of mind, craving forgiveness for his
crimes, considering it a privilege to be permit-
ted to occupy the most humble position in
society, and ready to perform service even the
most menial in its character? On the contrary,
they generally bear themselves in the most
arrogant and even insulting manner. Instead
of asking forgiveness for the wrongs they have
done, they t-jll you they '1 accept the situation.''
Instead of asking that they may be permitted
to enter their father's house, they abruptly tell
you to vacate it, for it is theirs. Their only
regrets are that their efforts were not crowned
with success.
But as I am to-day in a compromising mood
and ready to yield nine points in ten rather
than not succeed, I will consider them as truly
penitent, returning as the prodigal returned,
broken in spirit and contrite of heart. Hence
we will receive them as he was received. The
prodigal was clothed, for he was naked, but
not more so than were they. Hence wo must
clothe them, and as their services may here-
after be required in a more honorable war than
they have hitherto been engaged in, I sug-
gest that blue is the most appropriate color.
Besides, we perhaps have a small surplus of
that color left over. "A ring was put upon
his finger." Certainly it is necessary that
some badge should be worn that the faithless
may be distinguished from the faithful. A
ring shall be put on their fingers that they may
be hereafter known. It is less degrading and
humiliating when worn upon the finger than
either the wrist or ankle; therefore we will put
it on the finger, for the chivalry has always
been sensitive on that point, and wo should
be very careful and not wound his feelings or
impeach his honor.
But the fatted calf must be killed, the min-
strels called in, and we must make merry. Yes,
and we have done all that. What loyal heart
did not rejoice when the "Johnny Rebs" were
marched home by the boys in blue, keeping
involuntary step to themusieof the Union they
had put forth such efforts to destroy ; not with
the '' pomp and circumstance of glorious war,"
as when they departed, but sick, hungry, and
naked. We all rejoiced, and still rejoice, and
generations yet unborn will continue to rejoice
on every succeeding anniversary of that glorious
event, not only with music and dancing, but with
"bonfires and illuminations."
Here ends the first act in the drama of the
prodigal son. There is another act to be per-
formed. The curtain rises presenting entirely
different scenery, and a new character steps
forward.
A little reconstruction becomes necessary.
The other son enters. He, the eldest, and who
had ever remained loyal, never having trans-
gressed his father's commandments, and hear-
ing music and mirth-making inquires the cause.
The situation is explained to him, and he feels
as President Johnson says he felt when he saw
" Union men standing out in the cold, often
unable to get a receipt or a voucher for their
losses," while "traitors could get lucrative con-
tracts, pushing loyal men -aside." He felt
" deeply pained." His father comes out and
entreats him to come in. He says, "No, I
have served thee faithfully lo these many years.
I have at no time set at defiance thy commands.
Whilethis, thy recreant son, was devouring thy
living, rioting with harlots, I was keeping vigils
over thy household and defending thy posses-
sions. This principle of reconstruction does not
exactly meet my ' unqualified approbation.' "
The kind-hearted old gentleman saw the force
of such reasoning at a glance. He felt the
rebuke, and readily admitted that his " policy
of reconstruction was not a success." He says,
'' True, my son. you have indeed 'borne the bur-
then in the heat of the day,' and all you have
said is true. I will do you no wrong. This
thy ' erring brother' has returned. I will be
merciful to him. I will not exact the life lie
has forfeited, nor the liberty he is no longer in
justice entitled to enjoy. I will restore them
to him, and overlook his erimes and trans-
gressions. But while 1 do this I will do thee
no wrong, for from henceforth all that I have
isthiue. That White House yonder is reserved
for thee. Those council halls shall alone be
occupied by persons of thy choice. The ermine
prepared for those who are authorized to
expound my will shall be placed upon those
whom thou art pleased to appoint. All, all is
thiie."
Here, gantlemen, is a plan of reconstruction
ordained of God, and transmitted to us from
heaven. Give to your eldest, your first-born,
your loyal and faithful sons the control of your
possessions for all time to come by laws as
unchangeable as the everlasting liills ; as unal-
terable as those of the Medes and Persians.
Let Tennessee or any other State assume that
attitude, and she is wcleome to these Halls.
Let this be known as.the policy of the Gov-
ernment. to bo observed in all time to come,
and you may rely upon it "treason will be
odious," and our land will never again be
drenched with fraternal blood.
Mr. PEKHAM obtained the floor.
QUARTER3IASTER GEXERAL'S EMPLOYES, ETC.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of War, in
regard to officers employed in the Quarter-
