3762
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand from a mem-
ber of our committee that t.lie bill could not
have been reported to the Senate without that
section in it.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not know how that
may be, but the statement of the honorable
Senator was that this bill could not have passed
the House of Representatives withoui that
clause being in. I refer him to the fact that
it did pass without it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I withdraw that part of
my statement. I simply meant to say that I
was informed by a member of the Senate com-
mittee that this bill would not have been re-
ported to the Senate by the committee except
with that clause in it. Now, if we strike it
out, it is really a bill that has passed without
the sanction of the committee which reported
it. No harm can result from postponing the
bill until next December. No proceedings can
be had under it in the mean time. Although
my State, probably, as I said before, is more
interested than any other in the construction
of a canal to-avoid this great natural obstruc-
tion and secure free navigation to the sea
through the St. Lawrence, 1 am yet disposed
to vote for the postponement of the bill at the
present session.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I cannot
but notice that those gentlemen who are in
favor of postponing the bill until next Decem-
ber proclaim in the same breath their opposi-
tion to it. I shall not, therefore, expect their
votes in favor of the bill even next December.
So far as they are concerned, {he bill has no
favor to expect.
I hope, sir, the bill will not be postponed.
I think it a measure of so much importance as
to challenge the continual attention of Congress
until it is passed, and I venture to say that the
apprehensions which seem to be entertained by
the honorable Senator from Now York, that
the establishment of such a ivork as this will
render tne Erie canal and the New York Cen-
tral railroad valueless, are entirely imaginary.
Mr. MORGAN. I did not say that.
Mr. HOWARD. I understood the honorable
Senator to say that one effect of this work
would be to render the Erie canal valueless.
Mr. MORGAN. I stated that if this canal
were built, and should prove a success, it
would so divert trade from the Erie canal as to
cause large taxation, and cause the people of
the State of New York to demand an amend-
ment of the constitution and a sale of that
canal. I said that in that event there could
be but one buyer; there could be no purchaser
except the New York Central railroad corpo-
ration, for a very large amount of money would
be required, and thatcorpoiation, while it might
buy the canal for fifteen or twenty million
dollars, would, after it once had perfect con-
trol, get an income on a capital of perhaps a
hundred million dollars, aud make it extremely
valuable instead of valueless; but they would,
at the same time, inflict very severe injury upon
the agricultural products of the West. That
was the point which'I raised.
Mr. HOWARD. I did not entirely misap-
prehend the honorable Senator. The point of
his objection is that if this work shall be estab-
lished by Congress, and shall become a success,
in his phrase, it will in some way increase tax-
ation in the State of New York to sucji a degree
that the people will clamor for a sale of the
Erie-canal Is that a logical consequence? Is
it possible to conceive how it is that the suc-
cess of the Niagara ship-canal will increase
taxation in the State of New York so as to
make it necessary that that State should sell it?
Mr. MORGAN. I can answer the Senator.
Mr. HOWARD. Very possibly the Senator
can answer: but as at present informed, I am
unable to perceive the sequence which seems
to connect these two events in his mind. I
cannot understand how the establishment of a
canal round the falls #f Niagara and the suc-
cess of that work can have the effect to increase
the taxation of the Stateof New York; I mean
the State taxation. I suppose that is what the
honorable Senator means.
Mr. MORGAN. Will the Senator yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. HOWARD.. Certainly, I will yield for
an explanation.
Mr. MORGAN. By the constitution of the
State of New York a certain amount in every
year is placed to the credit of the sinking fund to
provide for the interest and the redemption of
a portion of the principal debt. During the
present year the State has been compelled to
tax the people $1,500,000 to support the canals
and to make good the constitutional require-
ment of the sinking fund. If this canal should
be built a«d divert the trade still further, it
might make that tax, instead of $1,500,000,
$3,000,000 ; and it would if it were a success.
It would depend altogether upon that.
Mr. HOWARD. After all, Mr. President,
the Senator will pardon me for saying his re-
marks show that he entertains the apprehen-
sion that the success of the Niagara ship-canal
will have the effect to reduce the revenues of
the New York canal to such a degree as to
make it necessary to impose additional taxa-
tion upon the people in order to fill the treas-
ury of the State. That is to say, it will have
a tendency to reduce in some degree, and ac-
cording to him, in a very great degree, the
revenues which the State of New York now
derives from the tolls upon her canal. That
is all there is about it, as I understand.
Now, Mr. President, I shall not undertake
to detain the Senate with a detailed statement
of the insufficiency of the means of transpor-
tation through the State of New York for west-
ern products at the present time. The whole
commercial world understands this perfectly
well now. The West are paying very large
tribute to the State of New York on the trans-
portation of their goods and passengers pass-
ing upon the canal as well as upon the Central
railroad, which,.! suppose, also pays a specific
tax into State treasury. Does it not?
Mr. MORGAN. It does not.
Mr. HOWARD. 'I was under a misappre-
hension, then, as to that. In proof of this 1 beg
to call the attention of Senators to the fact that
during the last summer there was a commer-
cial convention held at the city were I resides,
Detroit, who among other subjects, took into
consideration the necessity of constructing' a
s'nip-canal around the falls of Niagara. I know
that a vast majority of that convention voted
in favor of this great enterprise. I will not un-
dertake to say that the convention were iinan-
imous upon the question, but the majority was
so great as to approach v^ry nearly to unanim-
ity. And I undertake to say further, what the
honorable Senator from New York will not
deny, that that convention was composed of
the most intelligent, the most enterprising men
throughout the United States, as well as vari-
ous gentlemen who did them the honor to come
from the British Provinces and participate in
their deliberations.
In the minds of that convention there was
no doubt or hesitation abost the necessity of
this great work as an additional avenue for the
outlet of western and northwestern produc-
tions to the eastern markets. That fact is, of
itself, in my mind, quite sufficient to justify the
interest which I feel, and which other western
men feel, in the construction of this work.
And I apprehend, sir, it will turn out in the
end that, however great and striking may be
the success of the Niagara ship-canal, that suc-
cess will not rest with the weight of a pepper-
corn upon the revenues of the State of New
York arising from the Erie canal. The canal
and the railroads of that State, and all other
facilities she can afford for the outlet of west-
ern products, will be filled to their utmost
capacity in relieving the West of its surplus
productions.
Sir, I would say not one word by way of dis-
paraging the great and generous State of Now
York. It is to the policy of that glorious State,
inaugurated under the immortal Clinton, that
the Northwest is to-day indebted for a vast
share of the prosperity, wealth, and power she
enjoys. The Erie canal had the magic effect
to create a commercial empire in the West,
and it has grown with most marvelous rapid-
ity from the day that canal reached to Buffalo
until the present. Its growth has never been
checked, but has been constantly in progress,
and it is destined to go on from year to year
and from century to century with this contin-
ued, almost miraculous growth, until we, or
rather our posterity, will see the ripe fruits of
De Witt Clinton's great conception of a canal
connecting the waters of the Atlantic with
those of the Lakes.
I will not occupy the time of the Senate
longer except to say, in reply to some obser-
vations that fell from the Senator from Ohio,
that I most earnestly object to the establish-
ment of this work as a Government work. I
do not believe the Government is well fitted
either to construct or to carry on such a work,
and it is my firm conviction that we shall pay
out -double, treble, perhaps even quadruple,
the amount of money in the construction if*ve
undertake to do it simply as a Government
work, than will be required if the same work
shall be done by a ^private corporation. By
erecting a private corporation for the purpose
we appeal to private interest; we invoke the
vigilance of private interest to keep guard over
this work, and to prevent unnecessary waste
and unnecessary expenditure.
As to another observation which fell from
the honorable Senator from New York, that it
is not competent for Congress to erect a privdte
corporation in the State of New York for this
purpose, I can only say that I entertain an en-
tirely different opinion. Nor do I understand
that there has been any decision or any an-
nouncement of principles by the great and wise
men to whom he referred which goes to estab-
lish the doctrine that the United States can
create no corporation for commercial purposes
within the limits of a State. It will be found
that our legislation itself contains many con-
tradictions of that asserted principle of consti
tutional law. 1 have no doubt of the power of
Congress to erect a corporation for just such a
purpose; nor do I doubt that if the question
shall ever be brought fairly before the Supreme
Court of the" United States, that tribunal will
hold that we are invested with full power under
the Constitution to establish it. Indeed, sir, if
the twenty-eighth section shall be retained in
the bill, so deep is my conviction of the uncon-
stitutionality of it that I shall, I fear, be con-
strained to vote against it, for being satisfied
that Congress is vested with adequate power to
create this corporation in the State of New
York, I feci reluctant to consent that our legis-
lation shall depend upon the will of the State
of New York, or upon the consent of anyother
■body on the face of the earth.
Mr. President, I hope the bill, without that
section, will be passed, and not be postponed.
I ask Senators, especially from the West, to
pay a proper regard to what they must see are
the interests of their own constituents, and to
the opinions which have been so often ex-
pressed by our wisest and best commercial
men. I ask them to have a proper regard to
the interests of western agriculture, commerce,
and trade, and, if possible, to relieve us, so far
as practicable, from the heavy burdens our
productions are subjected to in their transit
to eastern markets.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is one observation
that I neglected to make when I was up, that
I had intended to make; and that is that at
this session we have appropriated between one
and two million dollars for the improvement of
the lake defenses and the rivers which form this
line of communication. We have already done
at this session more than has been done for a
number of years. What has been most desired
by our constituents is what will give them imme-
diate relief. We have appropriated sufficienl
to put all the harbors of the upper lakes that
are now in use in a good state of repair. It
seems to me at this time, when we have under-
taken so much of an extraordinary character,
So much more than is usually done, that we
ought not now, in addition, to embark in this*
