1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
has in view, I say that the precedents and his-
tory of this matter are in favor of this course
of proceeding. "
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I do not see that the
gentleman has answered my objection. My
objection is to the intervention of the marshal
when it is unnecessary. The assignee can take
possession of the property as well as the mar-
shal.
Mr. JENCKES. There must be some time
before the filing of the petition cither of the
creditor or the debtor, and before an assignee
can be appointed. Now, who is to take pos-
session in the mean time?
Mr. HOTCHKISS. In the outset the district
judge appoints an assignee for the bankrupt
property in his district. He is there always on
hand and performs the same duty that is re-
quired of the marshal. It is unnecessary that two
officers shall be appointed to do the same thing.
Mr. JENCKES. He is a local officer.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I am aware of it.
Mr. JENCKES. The marshal can go every-
where.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. The assignee can go
everywhere. He is the owner of the property.
It vests in him. He can take possession of
property in any State of the Union.
Mr. JENCKES. The proposition of the gen-
tleman is for one of two things, either to have a
permanent official assignee, which, in my mind,
is one of the greatest objections, or one in the
intermediate time. It is better to have an
Mr. HOTCHKISS. _ My object is to have a
permanent official assignee to take possession
of this property, who will act impartially be-
tween creditors and debtors. I object to spe-
cial ones appointed by favoritism or superior
vigilance on the part of the creditors.
Mr. JENCKES. The object of this law is
to extricate the debtor from the hands of the
creditors. I would rather have an officer of the
court take charge of this matter than a favorite
assignee selected by a portion of the creditors.
The SPEAKER. The ten minutes allowed
for discussion for and against the amendment
have now expired.
Mr. THAYER. I move to strike out the
last word of the amendment.
Th<j most efficient feature, in my judgment,
in this bill is that which is assailed by the gen-
tleman from New York. If there is any one
feature in the-bill which secures the judicious
administration of bankrupt estates, it is that
feature which gives to creditors the selection of
the assignees. Every one knows, who is at all
conversant with such matters, that the ability
of an assignee to manage a bankrupt's estate
depends necessarily often on the extent of his
knowledge of the business in which the bank-
rupt has been engaged. If you have an official
assignee who is to take charge of the estate,
you must deprive yourself of the advantage of
having an assignee who is acquainted in particu-
lar with the business which is to come into his
hands, because it is impossible you could ap-
point a man who is so completely a master of
all kinds of business as to make a proper as-
signee in all cases of bankruptcy.
If you have an official assignee he will in
many localities be so overborne with the re-
sponsibilities and duties imposed upon him by
this trust, that it will be impossible for him to
discharge the duties of that position with that
degree of efficiency which the interests of the
creditor and the bankrupt alike demand. I
hope, sir, the amendment of the gentleman
from New York will not prevail.
Mr. SLOAN. In answer to the gentleman
fro'm Pennsylvania [Mr. Thayer] I desire to
say that I believe it will save a large amount
of expense if the proposition of the gentleman
from New York is accepted. It will entirely
obviate the expense of the marshal, acting as
special messenger to take possession of the
property of the bankrupt between the filing of
the petitions and the final decree of bankruptcy.
And if selections are properly made of as-
signees in each county, of men of character and
integrity—and there is no presumption that such
men will not be selected—they will act not only
in obedience to law, But also in obedience to the
rule which this commission, containing one jus-
tice of the Supreme Court, shall prescribe for
the governmentof all these cases of bankruptcy.
It will simplify these proceedings by reducing
the expenses, and making them in all cases uni-
form. Instead of having assignees selected,
as the gentleman from Pennsylvania suggests,
by the creditors and in the interest of the cred-
itor, you will have an officer appointed as as-
signee who shall stand indifferent between the
creditors and the bankrupt, who shall be re-
sponsible to the court, who shall govern his
conduct entirely by the law and by the rule
which this commission prescribes. It will sim-
plify the proceedings, produce -uniformity in
their administration, and reduce the expenses,
which I regard as a very important considera-
tion in placing this law withm the reach of all
that unfortunate class who desire to obtain the
advantage of it.
Mr. JENCKES. Will the gentleman yield
a moment ?
Mr. SLOAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. JENCKES. The gentleman has ad-
dressed the House upon a point that is not
cxactly before it. The question now is upon
the appointment of a custodian of the property
between the time of filing the petition, either by
the debtor or creditor, and the appointment of
an assignee by the court. This bill provides
that the assignee maybe nominated by the cred-
itors, but the court may refuse to appoint that
assignee and may appoint another man. This
person has to do simply executive duties. It is
just what the marshal now does if he is sent to
attach property—nothing more. He has to give
the notice, and he gets no more fees. Ft does
not increase the cost of the proceedings. But
if the official were to intervene he would have
to pay three, four, or five times as much as the
law now allows to deputy marshals.
Mr. SLOAN. The gentleman from Rhode
Island misapprehends the object of this amend-
ment. It is to have, before any proceedings
are taken underthis law, an assignee appointed
for each county in the judicial district—an
assignee for all cases of bankruptcy.
Mr. JENCKES. That is just the thing I
desire to prevent. And I wish to make one
remark on that subject, quoting an eminent
authority—a decision of the court that has led
to the abolishment of all these evils under the
English and Scotch system. Lord Bldon said
in a case that required his particular investiga-
tion, that he discovered that where there were
official assignees, official solicitors, and local
commissioners, the bankrupt's estate was sim-
ply something for them to live on just as they
pleased; that the bankrupt never got his dis-
charge and the creditors never got a dividend.
Mr. SLOAN. With all deference to that
great authority, and in deference to the opinion
of the gentleman from Rhode Island, I still be-
lieve that in an American system of bankruptcy
an assignee who is responsible to the court and
to the law for the discharge of his duty would
be preferable.
Mr. JENCKES. These marshals are thus
responsible; they give bonds.
Mr. SLOAN. If this officer is thus appointed
before proceeding is commenced, it dispenses
with the interposition of a marshal.
Mr. THAYER. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Wisconsin what security he would
require such an assignee as he describes to give.
For instance, an assignee located in the city ot
New York, where millions of property must
pass through his hands—what security would
the gentleman require ?
Mr. SLOAN. The gentleman evidently did
not hear the amendment read.
Mr. THAYER. I did, ami T understands.
Mr. SLOAN. It provides that he shall give
such security as the judge making the appoint-
ment shall require.
Mr. THAYER. The gentleman evidently
does not understand my question. I ask what
amount, in his opinion, would be adequate se-
curity, in the city of New York for instance.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. The same that you re-
quire from the collector of New York city.
Mr. SLOAN. The amount required by the
judge. The gentleman must be well aware that
in administering judicial and financial affairs in
this country, of necessity a much-larger amount
of money passes through the hands of our offi-
cers than can be reasonably provided for by
bonds of security. Something is due to the
character for integrity of the officers who are
appointed, and it is, in my judgment, to he pre-
sumed that men will be appointed in those dis-
tricts where large amounts may come into their
hands whose character will be a far higher se-
curity than any money bond that can be taken.
And yet this provision requires that such an
amount of security on a money bond shall be
given, as the district judge, regarding all the
circumstances, may require.
Mr. THAYER. I withdraw the amendment
to the amendment.
The question recurred on. Mr. Hotchkiss's
amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. . I move to amend the
amendment of my colleague by striking out the
last word. I do so for the purpose of making
one or two remarks applicable to this amend-
ment and to this portion of the bill.
Irx the first place, I would like to know from
the gentleman from Rhode Island about how
many deputies he thinks it would be necessary,
in either of the large districts, for the marshal
to appoint in order to act as messengers in these
eases.
Mr. JENCKES. Well, I can tell him that
the practice, under the English law, and under
the law of Massachusetts, and under the law of
Scotland, is to appoint a special deputy. When
the petitioning creditor or the petitioning debtor
goes to the clerk's office with a petition there is
a marshal present, or within immediate reach,
for the purpose of protecting the property in
the mean time. The party, creditor or debtor,
as the case may be, makes application for the
appointment of a special deputy to act in the
intermediate time and to do the duties required
by this act, which somebody must do, and it
does not increase the number of standing dep-
uty marshals in any district, and it does not
increase the compensation of the marshal of the
district tp any extent except for his certificate
upon the back of the warrant that he has ap-
pointed A or B his deputy or messenger for a
particular purpose.
Mr. CONKLING. I am very happy to have
afforded the gentleman an opportunely to make
a speech, although upon a point different to that
which [ put to him. He does not seem inclined
to state the number of deputies, whether special
or general, that the marshal would appoint in
any large district. I wish to state that it would
be a multitude which no man could number in
these large districts.
Mr. JENCKES. Will the gentleman allow
me to answer his question by asking another?
What device can he propose by which the prop-
erty of a bankrupt can be taken care of in the
intermediate time between the filing of the peti-
tion and the entering of the decree?
I am not particularly in favor of this provision,
but it is the best I have found devised in any
law, and hence I adopted it.
Mr. CONKLING. Precisely the device con-
templated by the amendment of my colleague,
[Mr. Hotchkiss ;] precisely the device which
has been proposed in other bills—in the bill of
1862, in sections two and three for example.
Now, I want Jo make two or three practi-
cal suggestions. That there is no difficulty in
providing for the preliminary custody of the
property, I suppose the gentleman from Rhode
Island does not propose to (Question.
Mr. JENCKES. I certainly do propose to
question seriously the whole of this device.
Mr. CONKLING. _ Well, if I have any of
my five minutes remaining, I will try to answer
the gentleman. I say that there is not the
slightest difficulty in providing for it. There
is no magic in having a special marshal who
could give no security practically for this pur-
pose.
