1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1843
master General's office in Washington, c.nd
information respecting Corcoran's Art Build-
ing; which was laid upon the table, and or-
aerercd to be printed.
And then, on motion of Mr. OR1NNELL,
(at four o'clock and thirty-five minutes p. in.,)
the House adjourned. 4
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under
the rule and referred to the appiopriatccommittees:
By Mr. 130UTWELL: The petition of William
Clayton, and others, citizcns of South Adams, Massa-
chusetts, in reference to the tariff.
By Mr. DELANO: The petition of Sylvester Best,
and G2 others, citizens and wool-growers of Knox
county, Ohio, and J ohn ilayne, and 50 others, citizcns
and wool-growers of Licking county, Ohio, praying
an increased tariff on foreign wools.
By Mr. GAItiTELB: The petition of Singleton
Kiner, and 48 others, citizcns of Youngstown, Ohio,
praying for the passage of a law by Congress to regu-
late insurance companies.
By Mr. SCIIENCIC: The petition of citizcns of
Ohio, for an inci cased tariff on wool.
IN SENATE.
Moxdat, April 9, 18GG.
Prayer by tho Chaplain, Rev. E. TI. Okay.
The Journal of Friday last was read and
approved.
committee seiiyiot3.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Messrs. Giiimbs, Morgan, and Hexdricks the
committee of conference, on the part of the
Senate, on the bill (H. II. No. 12*2) making
appropriations for the naval service lor the year
ending oOth Juno, 1RG7.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
the following members to constitute the select
committee to consider the bill (S. No. 2-19) to
incorporate the National Telegraph Company,
agreeably to the order of the Senate of the 5th
instant: Mr. Sherman, (chairman,) Mr. Claiik,
Mr. Kauris, Mr. Brown, and Mr. Nermitu.
executive communications
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a communication from the Secre-
tary of War transmitting, in answer to a reso-
lution of the Senate of March 12, 1800, a report
of the chief Engineer furnishing information
in relation to the amount of money required for
the improvement of the harbor at the mouth
of Fox river, Wisconsin ; which, on motion of
Mr. Howe, was referred to the Committee on
Commerce, awl ordered to be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid
before the Senate the following message from
the President of the United States:
To the Senate of the United States :
I transmit a communication from the Sec-
retary of the Intei ior, with the accompanying
pa^prs, in reference to grants of lands made
by acts of Ccr.gre.33 passed in the years 1850,
1853, and lb'G, to the States of Misssisippi,
Alabama, Arkansas. Florida, and Louisiana
to aid in the construction of certain railroads.
As these grants will expire by limitation on
the 11th day of August, 18GG, leaving the roads
for whose benefit they were conferred in an
unfinished condition, it is recommended that
tho time within which they may be completed
be extended for a period of five years.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, D. C.. April 7, 18GG.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. HOWE presented the petition of N. Dan-
iels. late captain third Wisconsin infantry, pray-
ing for eompensalion for horses lost by him
while in the service of the United States; which
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. WILLIAMS presented a petition of the
ciii/ens of the State of Oregon and Washing-
ton iVrritory, praying lor the payment oi claims
that accrued Jo tho^e citizens in the Indian war
of 1855 and 1850, in accordance with the order
of a commission authorized by act of Congress
to audit such claims; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
fie also presented a petition of citizens of
Oregon, praying for the establishment of a
weekly mail route from Oregon City to Leba-
non, in that State; which was referred to the
Committee on Post Oraccs and Post Iloads.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of citi-
zens of Albemarle county, Virginia, praying for
the passage of an act exempting Dr. Charles
Brown from, tho limitation of tho patent laws
and that he may receive a patent for his inven-
tion; which was referred to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Massachusetts, praying for increased
duties.on exports wherever the same arc needed
for the full protection of home labor; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SHERMAN presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Ohio, in favor of an increase of
the duty on imported wool, so as to secure to
the American wool-grower t3ic same protection
against foreign competition that is now insured
to the manufacturer of either pure or mixed
woolen goods; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. TRUMliULL. I piescut the petition
of the judges of the supreme court of the Dis-
trict of Columbia and other citizcns of the Dis-
trict, stating that t^crc is no provision for the
payment of counsel assigned to defend persons
charged with offenses in this District who are
unable to procure counsel, and asking that a
provision be made authorizing the assignment
of counsel to defend such persons and for the
payment of counsel so assigned. 1 move the
reference of the petition to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORGAN presented the petition of
John II. Boynton, praying for the passage of
an act authorizing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to issue an American register to the Brit-
ish baric Azclia ; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
He also presented a petition of N. C. Wins-
low, of Buffalo, New York, praying for the pas-
sage of an act to change the name of the
schooner Lucinda Van Valkenberg, to that of
Camden; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Cummerce.
Mr, ANTHONY. 1 offer the memorial of
Samuel S. Greene, president of the National
Teachers' Association; Thomas Hill, president
of Harvard University; Jamo«l\ Wickersham,
principal of the Pennsylvania State Normal
School : Andrew J. Riekoff, president of the
Board of Education of Cincinnati; and E.
O. Haven, president of the Michigan Uni-
versity, asking for the establishment of a na-
tional Bureau of Education. Tho memorial-
ists, who arc among the first educators in this
country and in the world, set forth that they
have adopted this memorial afrer long and care-
ful consideration and discussion in the National
Teachers' Association, and give at some length
and with much force the reasons why their
memorial should be granted. I move its ref-
erence to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS presented a petition of brew-
ers of Albany, New Yoik, praying thai Con-
gi ess may so adjust the duty on barley imported
from Canada that it may not cxcced five cents
per bushel: which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
Mr. MORRILL presented tho memorial of
Richard Wallach, mayor of the ei!}' of Wash-
ington, praying for t he passage of an act impo-
sing a special tax on the property of the city
for the improvement of the Washington city
canal: which was referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia.
He also presented the petition of Fiskc &
Dale, Josiah Towlo,_and Morse & Co., mer-
chants of Bangor, Maine, praying to be relieved
from the payment of the additional duty of iiity
per cent, imposed by joint resolution of April
29, 1804; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
Mr. CONNESS presented tho memorial of
Phineas Banning, praying for the establishment
of a port of entry at Wilmington, California;
which .was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. JOHNSON. I present the petition of
the Numismatic and Antiquarian Society of
Philadelphia, a corporation created by the State
of Pennsylvania, in which they represent that
the coinage of the United States might be
made of interest and of permanent value by
becoming the repository of events of note,
whether civil or military, in the history of the
country; that a long and unmeaning series of
coins whose chief variety is a mere difference
in date is almost an anomaly and a retrograde
step in civilization,-and praying that the mode
of coinage may be cliangcd in that particular
in the way stated in the memorial. I move its
reference to the Committee on Finance.
It was so referred.
itepilesentation of southern states.
Mr. MORGAN. I present concurrent reso-
lutions of the Legislature of New York relative
to the terms and conditions on which States in
rebellion should be admitted to representation
in Congress. I move that they be printed and
referred to the joint committee on reconstruc-
tion.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORGAN. I ask for the reading of the
resolutions.
The Secretary read them, as follows :
Concurrent resolutions relative to the terms and con-
ditions upon winch the States in rebellion should bo
admitted to repicscntation in Oontfies-s.
Pr,solved, That it h our mature and deliberate con-
viction that no State within which there has been
insubordination oi rebellion should be admitted to
share in the national leirMaUon until it presents
its"lf, not only in an attitude of actual loyalty and
harmony, but. in the persons oi representatives whoso
lovait> cannot he questioned, and i hat each lJouso of
(.'oii';rescs is (he t-ole jud.'re oi tho quahfieationy and
election o! its membcis, and ha< lull power to deter-
mine for itself when the (on-ail ueiiey or the repre-
sent a? i\ e> m eel tho conditions ab \ o .set lor til.
Iu wh-r/I, 'Chat H ij aKo our eonvu t ion, that as tlio
eountr> was pledged m the beginning and llnoughout
the war against tho rebellion, to a vigorous prosecu-
tion theieof, to the groat and paramount end of tho
vindication ot the nalionai integrity, and the rce's-
tablishment of (he national Government; that as it
accepted, dming if-> piome?-, ah a measure of war,
just and mn-titutional at the time oi its utterance,
'the President's proclamation oi emancipation; that
as it adopted at iNclosc, as a nvasnreoi high national
poJuy and justice, the constitutional amendment,
which not only bv t he oiiramc law theoretically made
fieedom universal, but, quite a^ important,conierrod
upon Con',rn>s iill the <.on>tituLio:i.il power.? ueediul
to establish and entorce univei:.il Irecdom in prac-
tice and m tact; so the nation is pledged to the world,
to humanity,and moitol all, to the Ireedmcn,that in
all lawiul \va>e tho liberty and civil rights of every
human being, subject to the Government of the Uni-
ted States,shall be protected and cniorced,rcgardles3
of lace, colon, or condition, against every wrongful,
opposing law, ordinance, regulation, custom, or pre-
judice, and that the spirit which formed and organ-
ized, and dev< Jopod to the present sheiuHii that policy,
has not fulfilled )t« allotted woik until every subject
of that Government stands free not only, but equal,
before tho law.
iic-soln (/, That we arc in fa's or of thocxtcnsion of
equal <;nf!rage m the BiHiict ot Columbia to all malo
citizens ot suitable «ige.
JtfHu/vrrl, Thai whatever difference as to details
m.iy exist ainon',' the representatives of the people,
whether executive or legi.dut ive, in the measures nc-
ee^sarv to attain the in eat ends winch peace altca so
neat a wai should yield, we alro, in iouv mode, its
representati\e,-. arc not of th«- opailm that fhero
should sub-istcucli diversify ot mtesitioa a-- to gen-
eral rcul:^, or a-: to thoinethod ot ait-uoing tliosirac,
.as should produce iuMihtv ot a'titnd" or the sever-
ance ot political relations, but that mutual rcconsid-
eraiioiioi positions and aduutmcnt ct diUenng views,
will leave in lirni and pi oduel ivc alliance the identi-
cal croat j)urnoi-i'S all, to wit, tho real pcaeo arid
eon djtut'on.il unity of all the States and the assured
liberty ot all the people.
l'apiulo withdrawn.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I desire to have referred
to the Committee on Claims the petition and
papers of J antes P. Johnson, now 011 the files
Cif the Senate. The papers were referred to that
committee at the hrot session et the ihirty-
Eisrhth Congress, and, I have been informed,
were reported upon favorably, but no bill for
his relief was ever passed b\ Congress. 1 now
wish to have the papers again reterred tu the
same committee.
The motion whs agreed to.
On motion of Mr. CLAIIK. it was.
Ordered, That tho memorial of Etlmuuu 1". Brown,
a notary imbho of tho United-States and oomaiis-
