780
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
Mr. JENCKES. Yes, lie does.
Mr. CONKLING. There is no magic in
having a person to take charge called a mar-
shal rather than somebody else. AH 3'ou have
to do is to provide for an assignee early enough
in the proceedings.
My belief is that this section calls into exis-
tence an army of office-holders for no purpose
under heaven. That is my first proposition.
In the second place, I believe that the practical
operation of this section and of the next sec-
tion will be, in four cases out of five, to put into
the hands of one or two fraudulent creditors
the opportunity to manage the entire proceed-
ings.
Mr. JENCKES. "Will the gentleman state
what he means by the phrase '' fraudulent cred-
itors?"
Mr. CONKLING. I will state it_ if I ever
get the opportunity to do so. I was just going
to state, when the gentleman interrupted me,
that if some debtor, residing in the interior of
the State of New York, owed S100,000—I will
state a strong ease for the benefit of the gen-
tleman—and all his creditors resided in the city
of New York, and he was about to become
bankrupt, the marshal publishes a notice in the
papers. This bill does not provide that he shall
nave the politeness that the Chinese have, who,
when they invite you to dinner, furnish yon
with a list of all the persons who are invited to
meet you there. This does not provide that
he shall furnish a list of the creditors. Sup-
pose that 1 am a creditor residing in the city of
New York, and a notice is sent to me. There
are other creditors residing near me, but 1 do
not know who they are. The notice is that a
meeting of the creditors is to take place one
hundred and fifty miles from New York city.
I attend the meeting, and if any one man has
been omitted accidentally, or by design, that is
a cause for postponing the meeting. Now, it is
not likely that I shall attend those meetings for
the mere purpose of postponement, and the
assignee then comes into existence as the
creature of the two or three creditors who may
get the contiol of the matter in this way.
I believe that this whole machinery is unne-
cessary ; I believe it is vicious; I believe it is
bringing into existence an army of office-holders
for no necessary purpose whatever. Now, if
assignees are appointed, as suggested by my
colleague, [Mr. Hotojikiss,] it would be a pro-
tection in the first place against this unneces-
sary creation of officers, and in the second place
against a creditor ha ving hold of the entire pro-
ceeding of the bankrupt, or—and now I answer
the question of the gentleman from Rhode Isl-
and [Mr. Jesckes]—fraudulent colluding of
the creditor with the bankrupt, to have him dis-
charged and his debt sponged out by some agree-
ment that takes place between them. That is
what 1 call a fraudulent creditor.
Sir. JICJS* C K teS. This is enti rely a practical
question. The committee in preparing this
measure have not acted upon their own per-
sonal views upon the subject. They have taken
the experience of ail the systems of bankruptcy
in the world.
Now, the objections made here are two, if I
understand them aright. One is, that it will
inciease llie expense of the pioceediug in bank-
ruptcy. The other objection is that some fraud
maybe helped, or some collusion maybe estab-
lished, between guilty parties in the conduct of
these proceedings. Both gentlemen, from New
York, [Mr. Co:;ki,i.\g and Mr. Hotciikiks,]
have failed to point out how the expense of the
proceedings can be increased one dollar, and
I make the assertion, and 1 challenge those
gentlemen to show it is not correct, that no such
increase takes place.
Mr. CONKLING. "Who is to pay these mes-
sengers ?
Mr. JENCKES. The work has to be done,
aud it must be paid for exactly as other work i
und'T other laws must be compensated for—to ,
no great"!' extent and in no other way. j
Now, in regard to the objection as to fraud
and collusion, 1 have failed to understand the
explanation of the gentleman as to what ho
means by a fraudulent creditor. If this law has
any merit whatever, it is that it prevents any
possible collusion between fraudulent debtors
and fictitious creditors. It provides that a debtor
who places upon his schedule the name of a per-
son to whom he is not indebted shall not receive
his discharge. It also provides that a person who
swears to a claim to which he is not entitled shall
receive no dividend. It makes provision also
for punishment incidentally, in eertain ways,
if such collusion or fraud is attempted to be prac-
ticed upon the court. Therefore, Mr. Speaker,
I dismiss from consideration entirely this sub-
ject of fraudulent creditors, or fraudulent prefer-
ences, or collusion between the bankrupt and
his debtor.
The gentleman made another point, not an
objection to the bill as it stands, but by way of
suggesting an improvement. He thinks that
official assignees, such as he proposes, would be
more efficient than these temporary officers who
give bonds in every instance, who are responsi-
ble to the court and responsible to the parties,
liable to the debtor in an action if they exceed
their authority, liable to the creditor if they col-
lude with the debtor. The gentleman thinks
that these officers would not be so efficient as
official assignees in the different counti es. Why,
sir, I ask the gentleman how many counties
there are, for instance, in the State of New York,
and whether his plan would not increase the
number of standing officers under this bill by
just the number of counties. And I should
like to know from him, as a lawyer, by what
process the title and custody of property (be-
cause both must go together in this intermedi-
ate stage of the proceedings) passes from the
debtor to the official assignee, supposing that
the debtor files his petition in the city of New
York and the property is located in Chatauque.
What is the official assignee in New York to do
in such a case?
The practical proceeding is this: if it is the
debtor who makes the petition, he wants his
property taken care of as it ought to be, and he
asks the marshal to appoint somebody for the
purpose. If it is thf. creditors who file the peti-
tion, they want to prevent the squandering or
wasting of the property by this very collusion
between fraudulent debtors and fictitious cred-
itors which the gentleman hinted at. -Their
object is that the property, during that inter-
mediate period, shall be taken -care of in the
proper manner and at the least expense. It is
their interest that the property should be in
charge of a person upon whom they can rely,
who is responsible to them under the bond of
the marshal of the district, who is directly^
amenable to suit at law or in equity, and if
need be, to the process of the court for con-
tempt.
Mr. CONKLING. Let mo state what I wish
the gentleman to answer. His bill jirovides that
in every case an assignee shall be appointed to
begin with. Now, 1 want to know what the
gentleman means by saying that it will not in-
crease the number of officers to bring into ex-
istence also in every case a special deputy, when
yon have an assignee at any rate.
Mr. JENCKES. The messenger is simply
an intermediate agent, just as a receiver is in
case of au attachment of property. The as-
signee is the person authorized by the court,
upon the nomination of the creditors, to ad-
minister upon the insolvent's estate.
Mr. CONKLING. A a the gentleman is very
technical with me in reference to terms, I must
remind him that the messenger is not in the
attitude of a receiver; far from it. The assignee
is in the attitude of a receiver. The messenger
is a mere preliminary go-between, serving no
purpose under heaven, as I contend, except to
perform the ministerial business of giving no-
tice, first, that a warrant has been issued ; sec-
ond, that "the payment of any debts and the
delivery of any property belonging to such
debtor, to him or fur his use. and the transfer of
any property by him, are forbidden by law;"
and third, that a meeting of the creditors is
going to take place. I say that the appoint-
ment of a marshal for this purpose, if you must
have an assignee at any rate, is mere sur
plusage.
Mr. JENCKES. One of the duties of the
messenger is to take possession of the estate,
real and personal, of the debtor.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CONKLING. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. THAYER. I move pro forma to amend
by striking out the first three words of the sec-
tion. I desire to make a suggestion in reply
to the gentleman fromNew York, [Mr. Conk-
ling,] in addition to those presented by the
gentleman from Rhode Island.
If the gentleman from New York had exam-
ined this bill somewhatmore carefully, he would
have perceived that it contains a provision which
destroys entirely the force of his objection
founded upon the apprehension that, by some
possible legerdemain in practice, one creditor
may, contrary to the right and equities of the
other creditors, assume the entire control of the
debtor's estate, or that some unfair advantage
may possibly be taken by one creditor of an-
other. He would have seen in a subsequent
part of the bill this provision for elections or
appointments.
Mr. SLOAN. What section?
Mr. THAYER. Section thirteen. It pro-
vides as follows:
All elections or appointments of assignees shall be
subject to the approval of the judge; anrl when in his
judgment it is for any cause needful or expedient, he
may appoint additional assignees, or order a new
election. The judge at any time may, and, upon tho
request in writing of any creditor wlio has proved his
claim, shall require the assignceto givegoodpndsuf-
ficient bond to the United States, with a condition for
the faithful performance and discharge of his duties;
the bond shall be approved by the judge or register
by his indoisemcnt thereon, shall be fifed with the
record of the ease, and inure to tho benefit of all cred-
itors proving their claims, and may be prosecuted m
the manner provided bylaw for the prosecution of
marshal's and other bonds given t.0 the Umtcd_ States.
3f the assignee fails to give the bond within such
time as the judge orders, not exceeding ten days after
notice to him of such older, the judge shall remove
him and appoint another in his place.
So if there is any practice on the part of sharp
creditorsto get possession of bankrupts' estates
to the exclusion of the just rights of the bank-
rupt and his own creditors, the matter is in tho
charge of the judge. Ho can set aside au elec-
tion made and order anew election, or appoint
the assignee himself. That disposes of that
objection.
In the second place, T wish to point out the
objection raised by the gentleman from Wis-
. consin, founded on the multiplication of officers,
is precisely the reverse of what is the effect of
this bill.
The assignee appointed by the creditors un-
der this bill is a private trustee and not a public
officer. The gentleman proposes to abolish the
private trustees appointed in every case to man-
age the particular estate, and to substitute for
private trustees an army of public officers, to
be called official assignees, in e\ ery county and
in every State of the United States. The elt'cet
of the amendment proposed is to reverse the
objection of the gentleman from New York.
Where an assignee is appointed under the bill
as it now stands, be is in point of law and fact
a private trustee for the management of a par-
ticular estate. He has nothing to do with any
other estate. He is like a trustee appointed
under a settlement or a trustee appointed un-
der any system of writing to do a particular
thing. His attention is confined to that thing
and the faithful performance of that duty. The
amendment of the gentleman from New lork
is to alter all that, aud to.make what is now a
trust into an office, and make what is now a
trustee into a public officer.
Mr. SLOAN. Will the gentleman yield to me?
Mr. THAYER. Yes, sir.
Mr. SLOAN. I ask the gentleman whether
lie calls these trustees or assignees, if it be not
true that the amendment proposes only one such
officer, while the bill proposes as many such
officers as there may be estates of bankrupts to
be adjudicated on? That is the first question
which I wish to ask the gentleman.
Mr. THAYER. Let me answer that before
