3704
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
J lily 12,
legislation is to be controlled by them, so that
■wo are no longer really to have any power left
in relation to such subjects.
Now, sir, look at this proposition. It is put
on two grounds by some gentlemen. I believe
n;y friend,from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner]
puts it on the commercial power. Well, sir, I
am hi some degree a strict, perhaps it maybe
said a narrow, constructionist; but, as has been
observed before, it is only very recently that it
has been found out that under the power to
"x'egulate commerce" the Government had the
power to make a communication through States;
that is to say, to make a fhauuel of commerce
where none before existed, either in the way
of railroads or canals, or anything of that de-
scription. It is a very modern doctrine. It
used to be held, especially by the Democracy,
very strongly and very thoroughly, (and I fell
into their views upon that subject,) that in re-
lation to commerce, where we found that it
existed by nature, where there were channels of
commerce made for us, we had the power to
improve them under the power to regulate;
but the idea that we conld make new channels
in the shape of railroads or canals, or anything
of that sort, for the sake of increasing the com-
mercial convenience of the country was a doc-
trine that, if carried out, led to a mostuulimited
expenditure of money, and was assuming, under
a power to regulate, the power to create, which
did not, in my judgment, exist. Perhaps I may
be wrong upon this subject; but I mention it
simply to show to my friend from Massachu-
setts that the question is not so clear to me as
in his remarks the other day he supposed it
ought to be to everybody, so that there could
not be any dispute about it. It has failed to
approve itself to my mind. I stand as yet by
the old landmarks. I do'not know but that I
may be convinced by and by; but at present I
am not convinced that they ought to be re-
moved.
Then comes the question of the war power,
whether we can do it under the provision giv-
ing power to Congress to provide for the gen-
er<i! defense. I think we can, and I think we
are the proper tribunal to decide on that sub-
ject. But I have yet to be convinced that,
under the power to provide for the general
defense, we may construct a public work and
then pass that work over into the hands of a
corporation and cease to own and control it.
If a public work is necessary for the general
defense of the country, that work must neces-
sarily, when made, belong to the country, and
be under the control of the country. This idea
of constructing important public works, which
ought not to be constructed at all unless they
are important to the defense of the country in
the first place, and which may be of the last
importance in case of war, and then parting
with the power over those works, cither in peace
or war or at any time, has always struck mo as
very curious.
Entertaining those ideas, I come to the same
conclusion in reference to this work that I did
with reference to the Pacific railroad, that if
constructed at all it should only be after a care-
ful examination by the Government of the Uni-
ted States; that it should be a Government
work; that it should remain under the control
of the Government; else it has not the char-
acter and cannot be subject to the necessity
upon which it is supposed to be founded. Those
are the ideas, in short—I have neither strength
nor inclination to make a speech on the mat-
tei^-upon which I have proceeded hitherto
and to which I have adhered; and believing
that the doctrincs are sound I cannot vote for
this bill which proposes to put into the hands
of a corporation the power to make a public
work tD suit itself, on its own surveys, without
reference to any judgment by the Government
of the United States upon the character of the
work itss^f in reality, and to be left in their
hands with power to go into a single State,
making no communication from one State to
another, and make a new channel of commerce
for commercial purposes or to undertake to
construct a work for the general defense which
when constructed will not be a work of the
Government itself, belong to it, appertain to it,
be under its control, or subject to its authority.
For these reasons I shall vote to postpone
this bill, in the hope that at another session
the friends of the measure may bring in a bill
which I can vote for, which is not subject to
the objections I have stated; but if this bill is
not postponed, but is pressed at the present
session, I shall, for the reasons I have given,
feel under the necessity of voting against it.
Mr. WILSON. I do not suppose this vote
is to be taken to-night, and I should like to
have unanimous consent to take up a little
bill that I suppose everybody is for, or ought
to be for—a bill to revive the grade of general
in the Army. I am very anxious to get that
bill up.
_ Mr. FESSENDEN. That is in the Army
bill you passed.
Mr. HOWE. I do not understand the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts to submit a motion.
Mr. WILSON. I do not submit a motion.
I onlyjask to take it up by unanimous consent.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is not that provided for
in the Army bill?
Mr. WILSON. No.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The creation of a gen-
eral is.
Mr. HOWE. I am in hopes that we can
obtain a vote on this bill to-night, and sus-
tained by that hope I will not make a long
speech. I desire to submit two or three re-
marks, perhaps half a dozen of them, in reply
to what has been urgec! in support of this mo-
tion to postpone the consideration of the bill
until the next session.
The first remark I have to make is that every
reason which has been urged for the postpone-
ment of the bill is a reason more or less cogent
against the passage of the bill, but, as I under-
stand, is no reason why we should not vote
upon the passage of the bill at this session just
as well as at the next. I do not hear any
reason offered by any one why we shall be better
prepared to vote upon this bill at the next
than we are at the present session. The Sen-
ator from Maine says that if we can get a good
bill we shall be prepared to vote on it. Mr.
President, if you postpone this bill until De-
cember you will have this bill then before you,
no better and no worse than it is now, and you
will be guided by the same considerations in
voting yea or nay upon the passage of this bill
in December as you are in July.
This general remark brings me to consider
for a moment whether this is a proper bill to
be passed or not. It is urged by several Sen-
ators that this proposition has been preceded
by no survey of the work on the part of the
Government. That is true;-and the answer
to that and the reason for that is that the
Government does not propose to build the
canal.
Mr, FESSENDEN. They would if you
passed a bill directing them to have a survey
made.
Mr. HOWE. If we had a bill here direct-
ing a survey to be made by the engineers of
the Government and providing for appropria-
tions out of the national Treasury to complete
the work when the surveys had been made,
then, it is true, we should have such a prop-
osition, and upon that we could vote; but
unless the Government proposes to build the
canal there is no reason why the Government
should survey the line of it or estimate its ex-
pense. The simple question for us to consider
is, is it a work of national importance, of suf-
ficient importance to the nation to warrant us,
not in giving money to its construction, but in
loaning money to those who shall undertake
its construction?
Upon this question, whether it is a work of
national importance or not, I shall not spend
a moment's time, for the plain reason that no-
body denies it. Everybody here admits that
it is a work of the very first importance to the
whole country. If it is a work of that impor-
tance, then it is to be executed, If it is to be
executed somebody should do it. If anybody
is to do it, it must be done by the Government
or by private individuals either associated into
a company or not. Senators may say it should
be done by the Government. The first answer
I have to make to that suggestion is, that the
Government has stood here nearly one hun-
dred years and has not attempted it; and I
think I am authorized to say that unless by
some such measure as this it be attempted the
Government will stand here two hundred years
longer and will not attempt it. If, then, you
will rely on the Government to execute this en-
terprise b;p appropriations out of the national
Treasury, it is to be postponed, not till next
December, but until a million of Decembers
have passed-us by.
But why should the Government execute this
work by appropriations out of its own Treas-
ury? The Senator from Maine says that it
may have control of the work when it is done.
The Senator from Iowa says that it may have
control over the tolls upon the work. Why,
sir, when the Government has executed this
work by appropriations out of its own Treas-
ury its tolls will be subject only to the control
of Congress, and the use of the canal will be
subject only to the control of Congress. Sir,
whoever reads the bill as it lies on his desk-
will see that that same control is given in both
respects over this canal when it is built by a
private company. Regarded as a measure of
national defense the Senator from Maine urges
that we ought not to pass the control over to
a company. Why? What does the nation want
of it as a measure of defense but to pass its
gunboats, its troops, its property to and fro
upon it? Under the provisions of this bill that
can be done by the sanctions of law and with-
out paying a dollar's tribute. You have just
as complete, just as absolute control over this
work for the purposes of national defense when
built by a company under this bill a-s you could
have if you built it yourselves and out of your
own" Treasury.
The Senator from Iowa says it will be built
more cheaply by a company than by the Gov-
ernment. I hold him to the admission. I say,
then, by so much as it will be built cheaper by
a company than by the Government, by so
much is the country benefited in the mere mat-
ter of economy.
Mr. GRIMES. My admission is that it is
possible, probable, indeed, that it will cost •
more to the Government; but I want free
communication. The Senator from Wiscon-
sin wants every one to pay tolls that passes
through.
Mr. HOWE. I am not ambitious that any-
thing should pay tolls unnecessarily. The
Senator from Iowa wants that it should be
free communication. Does he stand by that?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes.
Mr. HOWE. Then I will stand with him.
I hold him to his admission that it can be built
more cheaply and will be built more cheaply
by the company. This bill authorizes you,
whenever you see fit, to take it of the com-
pany and pay it the reduced cost which he
admits it will be subjected to, with the simple
addition of ten per cent, thereon. The com-
pany will build it cheaper than the Govern-
ment, and when the company has built it at
that reduced cost, if the Senator is still hun-
gering and thirsting after making it a free
communication, he has simply to vote with
me and the other friends of this measure to
purchase it of these cheap constructors, and
we have it, and we have free communication.
Mr. President, the Senator from New York
reminds us as a reason, he says, not why we
should not build the canal, but why we should
postpone the passage of this bill until Decem-
ber, that we are overborne by taxation; we
are burdened with a great debt. Does the
Senator imagine that our debt is pantieularly
larger now in July than it will be in Decem-
ber? Will that argument be any less weighty
against the consideration of the bill in Decem-
ber than it is now in July ? But what has that
suggestion to do with the question at all, either
now or in December next ? Sir, if this meas-
