1844
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
floner of Washington city, praying for the payment
of money \vhich he alleges to he due him for services
rendered in taking certain depositions, be taken from
the Site::- of the Senate, and referred to the Committee
on Claims.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, it was
OnJeml, That the message from the President of
the United States, transmitting a report from the Sec-
retary of State, with accompanying papers, in rela-
tion to the claim on this Government of the owners
of the British vessel Magicienne, and recommending
an appropriation for the satisfaction of the claim pur-
suant, to the award of the arbitrators, received on the
5th instant, be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
change op reference.
Mr. SHERMAN. A House joint resolution
(EL R. No. 67) providing for the reappraise-
ment of the lands prescribed in an act 1'or the
relief of William Sawyer, and others, of Ohio,
came here the other day, and by inadvertence
was referred to the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs. It ought to have gone to the Committee
on Private Laud Claims ; and I move that the
Committee on Indian Affairs be discharged from
the further consideration of that resolution, and
that it be referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
reports of committees.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was referred the bill (II. R. No. 860) to
reimburse the State of Pennsylvania for mon-
eys advanced Government for war purposes,
to report it back without amendment : ami 1
desire to give notice that I shall endeavor to
call it up to-morrow morning.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE, from the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia, to whom were
referred resolutions of the Legislature of Kan-
sas, in favor of an appropriation to that State
to reimburse the citizens thereof for money
expended by them under the call for volun-
teers of December 19, 1864, and the draft re-
sulting therefrom, and in favor of the allowance
of the same bounty to persons held to service
under that draft as was paid to volunteers un-
der the call, in pursuance of which the draft
was made, asked to be discharged from their
further consideration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
the subject was referred, reported a bill (S.
No. 25'.)) to authorize the Secretary of War to
settle the claims of the State of Kansas for
services of the militia called out by the Gov-
ernor of that State, upon the requisition of
Major General Curtis, the commander of the
United States forces in that State; which was
read aud passed to a second reading, and the
papers accompanying it were ordered to be
printed.
EMMA J. HALL.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. The Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the
hill (S. No. 181) for the relief of Emma J.
Hall, have instructed me to move the concur-
rence of the Senate in the amendment, which
is simply to make the bill comply in its form
with the existing law. I ask for action upon
it now.
The Secretary read the amendment of the
House of Representatives, which was to strike
out all after the enacting clause of the bill and
insert in lieu of the words stricken out the fol-
lowing:
That, the,Seci clary of the Interior he, arid herebv
is. authorized and directed to place the name of
Emma Jane Hall, widow of Perry Hall, deceased
late a chaplain in the seventy-ninth regiment Indi-
ana volunteers, upon the pension rolls at the rate
now prescribed bv law for officers of his rank, and to
bo continued during her widowhood.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. By inadvertence in
the Senate bill, the Commissioner of Pensions
was directed to place her name on the roll.
The law requires that the business of pensions
shall be in charge of the Secretary of the Inte- ;
rior. The amendment simply changes the Sen- I
ate bill in that particular. !
The amendment was concurred in. j
bounties to woejided soldiers. j
Mr. WILSON. The Committee on Military I
Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred
the joint resolution (H. R. No. 105) giving
construction to the law in relation to bounties
payable to soldiers discharged for wounds, have
directed me to report it back to the Senate
without amendment; and if there be no objec-
tion I ask that it may be put on its passage now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the joint res-
olution on the day it is reported. Is there any
objection?
Mr. SHERMAN. What is it? Let it be
read for information.
The Secretary read the jointresolution; which
declares that the true intent and meaning of
the words "or in the line of duty" used in the
fourth section of the act approved March 3,
1865, entitled "An act to amend the several
acts heretofore passed to provide for the en-
rolling and calling out the national forces, and
for other purposes," requires that the benefit
of the provision of that section shall be ex-
tended to any enlisted man or other person
entitled by law to bounty who has been or may
be discharged by reason of a wound received
while actually in service under military orders,
not at the time on furlough or leave of absence,
nor eugaged in any unlawful or unauthorized
act or pursuit.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I should like to have
some explanation of the resolution.
Mr. WILSON. It is simply to give a con-
struction to the act of last year in regard to
bounties. By the practice of the Department
if a person is wounded while not strictly in
what is called the ''line of duty" he cannot
receive any part of the bounty. I understand
that in one case where a man was practicing
in loading pieces and was thereby injured, no
bounty could be obtained. If a soldier is
wounded in practicing with a cannon at a fort,
or if in building a bridge in front of the enemy
he falls oil' the bridge and is harmed in that
way, or if he is run over by a team while on
duty, the 'construction is that ho cannot, be
allowed the bounty. This joint resolution al-
lows the bounty to those persons who have
been wounded while engaged in anyway in the
service, provided they were not on leave of
absence or engaged in any unlawful act when
injured. I think it is but fair and just.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, aud passed.
HILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 25-5) to remit and refund certain duties;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 250)
to equalize the distribution of the national cur-
rency ; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Fipanec, and
ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 257)
to regulate the occupation of mineral lands,
and to extend the right of preemption thereto ;
which was read twice by its title.
Mr. SHERMAN. This bill was framed with
a view to carry into effect the recommendation
of the Secretary of the Treasury, and I sup-
pose the better reference would be to the Com-
mittee on Mines and Mining. I move that it
be^ referred to that committee and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORGAN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
258) to provide for the erection of warehouses
in the port of New York for the reception of
goods and merchandise arriving in vessels sub-
ject^ to the quarantine by the laws of the State
of New York; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
representation of southern states.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I &sk the consent
of the Senate to take from the table Senate
joint resolution No. 50, for the purpose of refer-
ence.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Will the
Senator indicate the committee to which he
desires it to be referred?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I suppose under
the rule it will go to the committee on recon-
struction.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the joint resolution (S. R. No. 59) pro-
viding for admitting Senators and Represent-
atives from the States lately in insurrection
into the Congress of the United States, be
taken from the table and referred to the com-
mittee on reconstruction.
The motion was agreed to.
e. w. eddy.
Mr. NESMITIL If the morning business is
through, I move to take up House bill N o. 394.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (H. K. No. 391) for
the relief of the estate of E. W. Eddy. By its
provisions, the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury are to allow to the estate of E.
W. Eddy, late paymaster in the United States
Army, a credit of £>200,000, the amount of
public funds in his hands as paymaster on
board the steamer Brother Jonathan, lost by
the wreck of that steaniet, on the 80th day of
July, I860, off the coast of California. The
final order for the allowance of the credit is
not to be made until the whole subject con-
nected with the alleged loss shall be fully inves-
tigated by the Paymaster General and he shall
certify to the proper department of the Gov-
ernment that the loss of the vessel has been
fully proved.
The bill "'as reported to the Senate without
ameiidm -.it, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
revision of the statutes.
Mr. POLAND. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 59, providing for a revision of the
statutes of the United States.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I hope my friend will
not push that this morning. I am very desir-
ous to take up the loan bill, which has been
before us for some time. I think it will not
take long, and the bill of the Senator from Ver-
mont may occasion debate.
Mr. POLAND. I think it will take but a
few moments.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill fS. •
No. 59) to provide for the revision and con-
solidation of the statutes of the United States
was considered as in Committee of the Wh<?)e.
It proposes to authorize the President of the
United States, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, to appoint three persons,
learned in the law, as commissioners to revise,
simplify, arrange, and consolidate all statutes
of the United States, general and permanent in
their natuie, which shall be in force at the time
the commissioners may make the final report
of their doings. Id peil'onning this duty, the
commissioneis are to bring together all statutes
and parts of statutes which , from similarity of
subject, ought to be brought together, omitting
redundant or obsoleteenaetmouis, and making
such alterations as may be neces-ary to recon-
cile the contradictious, supply the omissions,
aud amend the imperfections of the original
text; and to arrange the same tinder titles,
chapters, and sections, or other suitable divis-
ions and subdivisions, with head-notes briefly
expressive of the matter contained in such
divisions; also with side-notes so drawn as to
j point to the contents of the text, and with ref-
j erences to the original text from which each
| section is compiled, and to the decisions of the
j Federal courts, explaining or expounding the
; same, and also to such decisions of the State
| courts as they may deem expedient; and they
1 shall provide by a temporary index, or other
