2804
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
Mr. JOHNSON. I make that motion.
Mr. GRIMES. The question will stand,
then, on that motion?
Mr. JOHNSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the vote will be
taken on the motion to postpone the further
consideration of the joint resolution until to-
morrow at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have prepared a con-
stitutional amendment, or rather an amend-
ment to the proposition of the committee of
fifteen, which more nearly meets my own idea
than any proposition that has been made, and
at"the suggestion of others I submit it and ask
that it be printed. I do not say that I shall
offer it, because I desire to vote for that prop-
osition which will combin e the greatest strength,
but as this expresses more nearly my own in-
dividual idea than any other, I will ask that it
be printed.
Mr. GRIMES. Let it be read.
The Secretary read the proposed amend-
ment, as follows:
Strike out sections two and three, and insert as
follows:
Representation shall be apportioned among the
several States which may he included within this
Union according to the number in each State of
male citizens of the United States over twenty-one
years of age qualified by the laws of such State to
choose members of the most numerous branch of its
Legislature, and including such citizens as arc dis-
qualified for participating in rebellion.
Direct taxes shall be apportioned among the sev-
eral States according to the value of the real and
personal taxable property situated in each State not
belonging to the State or to the United States.
The proposed amendment was ordered to be
printed.
BOUNTY TO INDIAN KEGIMENTS.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take np the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 87) to provide for the
payment of bounty to certain Indian regiments.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint res-
olution was read the second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It re-
quires the Secretary of War to cause to be
paid to the enlisted men of the first, second,
and third Indian regiments the bounty of $100,
nnder the same regulations and restrictions as
now determine the payment of bounty to other
volunteers in the service of the United States.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
OMICTAL HISTORY OF THE REBELLION.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to take up the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 86) to provide for the
publication of the official history of the rebel-
lion.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution. In order to in-
sure the publication in proper form, and at the
'least possible expense, of the reports and or-
ders of commanding officers, and of all corre-
spondence by telegraph or otherwise, and of
all other documents of every description relat-
ing to the late rebellion, accumulated in the
archives of the War Department, since the 1st
of December, 1860, as authorized by the joint
resolution entitled "A resolution to provide
for the printing of official reports of the opera-
tions of the armies of the Lnited States," ap-
proved May 19, 1864, this joint resolution
authorizes the Secretary of War to appoint a
competent person to supervise the publication
at the Public Printing Office, who is to receive
a compensation for his services not to exceed
$2,500 per annum, t# be paid monthly by the
Secretary of the Treasury, but this compensa-
tion is not to be paid for a longer period than
two years from and after the passage of the
resolution.
It is to be the duty of the person so appointed,
with the advice of the Superintendent of Pub-
lic Printing, to prepare in a proper manner for
publication the manuscript of the documentary
history of the rebellion, sent and to be sent
from th^ War Department to the Public Print-
ing Office, in strict accordance with the terms
of the joint resolution of May 19, 1864, and in
order to save unnecessary expense, to consoli-
date and eliminate therefrom, under the super-
vision of the Superintendent of Public Print-
ing, such superfluous matter as will not affect
the completeness and historical value of the
whole ; and he is to make regular reports of
the progress of the work to accompany the
report of the Public Printer to Congress ; and
the printing thereof is not to be commenced
until a complete revision and arrangement of
the manuscripts shall have been made.
Mr. WILSON. There is a report accom-
panying the resolution from the Committee on
Military Affairs, which states the facts of the
case perhaps with more brevity than I can state
them now, and I should like to have that report
read.
The Secretary read the following report, sub-
mitted by Mr. Wilson on the 18th instant:
The Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia,
to whom was referred Senate resolution No. 86, to
provide for the publication of the official history of
the rebellion, having had the same under consid-
eration, respectfully report:
That they recommend the passage of the joint reso-
lution without amendment. During the first session
of the Thirty-Eighth Congress a joint resolution was
passed, and approved by thelate President, providing
for the publication at the public expense of the "re-
ports of commanding officers, all correspondence by
telegraph or otherwise, and documents of every de-
scription, in relation to the existing rebellion, to be
found in the archives of the War Department since
the 1st day of December, 1860." The object of the
resolution was to perpetuate the proud rccord made
by the armies of the Republic in their efforts for the
maintenance of the Union, and to furnish a means
for historical reference and professional instruction,
by the compilation and publication in a compact,
convenient, and permanent form of what may be
termed the official military history of the rebellion.
The war for the suppression of the rebellion being
still in progress at the time of the passage of the res-
olution, the War Department, owing to the pressure
of public business and the unavoidable incomplete-
ness of the official records during the continuance of
active operations in the field, was not able to carry
out its provisions immediately. Since the return of
peace, however, the work of compilation has been
commenced and pushed forward as expeditiously as
circumstances would allow.
Under the broad terms of the resolution all that the
War Department is required and authorized to do is
to furnish weriaZi*//? and literatim, copies, arranged in
chronological order, of every report, dispatch, letter,
and other documentary paper relating to the rebel-
lion on filo in its various bureaus, for publication to
the Public Printer. Although no exact estimate of
the quantity of matterwhichthelatteris called upon
to print at the publicexpense underthelawasitnow
stands can bo made, it is evident from what is already
in his hands that it is so vast, and in part of such
doubtful value, as to call, on economical and other
grounds, for amendatory legislation.
It is believed safe to assume that, with the com-
prehensive scope of the resolution, it will require a
large number of volumes to comprise all the matter
compiled and to be compiled by the War Depart-
ment, which will make the total expense of the
whole series, inclusive of the engraving of the maps
accompanying the reports, amount to several hun-
dred thousand dollars. Upon due investigation the
committee have come to the conclusion that a large
saving of this sum can be effected without defeating
the object of the resolution. There is much matter,
especially among the reports, that can be properly
left out without doing injustice to anyone or impair-
ing the completeness of the publication. Ofthomaay
hundreds of maps of difteronfc size and merit, the
engraving of all of which would require a vast out-
lay, a great number could be entirely omitted or
consolidated. By proper condensation and elimina-
tion tens if not hundreds of thousands of dollars
could be saved.
Nor is this the only feature of the proposed work
susceptible of improvement, in the opinion of the
committee. The form as well asthe substance of the
matter to be printed needs a thorough revision.
Owing to the fault partly of the authors and partly
of the copyists, many of the reports aro not in a con-
dition to be incorporated in an authoritative publi-
cation that is to form an authentic record of the
deeds of the loyal armies, and find its way as such
into every library at home and abroad, and mold
the judgment of history. Bad grammar, misspell-
ing of geographical names, and of names of distin-
guished officers, and other shortcomings, should be
eradicated from the manuscript before it passes into
the hands of the printer.
It has also been found that the method of compila-
tion followed under the orders of the Adjutant Gen-
eral is_ not in accordance with the terms of the
resolution. It directs that the reports and all cor-
respondence, by telegraph or otherwise, be arranged
and published in "chronological order." The Adju-
tant General has only transmitted so far, to the Public
Printing Office, reports of commanding officers, which
he desires to be printed in a succession of volumes,
to he followed by another containing the correspond-
ence. As required by the resolution, the reports and
correspondence pertaining to the same subject should
be grouped together. It is obvious that the plan of
publication adopted by the Adjutant General, if car-
ried out, would seriously detract from the value of
the volumes as a convenient means of reference, in-
asmuch as the orders, dispatches, letters, &c., of the
War Department and commanding officers often form
the key to an intelligent understanding of the oper-
ations to which they relate._
Again, theresolution requiresthat an index be pre-
pared to each volume. The Adjutant General pro-
poses to prepare a general one after the publication
of the wholeseries. The effect of this deviation from
the prescribed plan would be to render reference to
the several volumes during the progress of publica-
tion a source of annoyance and perplexity. In the
opinion of the committee a special index should
accompany each vol um e, and a general one the series.
In order to insure the publication of the official
military history of the rebellion in proper form, and
at the least expense, the committee have deemed it
best to recommend that the Secretary of War be au-
thorized to procure the services of some competent
person of ability and liteiary experience familiar
with such work, whose duty it shall be to prepare the
matter furnished by the War Department in the
stated manner lor the printer, and to supervise the
printing of it. And for this purpose they recommend
the passage of the accompanying resolution. They
are confident that the small outlay of public money
it authorizes will be a very economical investment
and result in a large saving to the Treasury.
Mr. WILSON. I will briefly say that a res-
olution was passed two years ago providing for
the publication of these official papers. It is
a great undertaking, and it will cost several
hundred thousand dollars. For the credit of
the country, the work should be very carefully
prepared. Besides1 that, if it is properly pre-
pared, it will not cost more than two thirds as
much as it will if it is printed on the plan pro-
vided by the present law. If the work is to be
of real historical value, if it is to be any credit
to the country, it should be well edited. It will
make somewhere from thirty to fifty large vol-
umes. The present plan is very defective in-
deed. In the first place, the documents and
papers themselves are defective, with names
misspelled, and are not well arranged. All
this should be corrected. If we are to publish
this work at all, it should be carefully prepared
before it is put to press.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Do you mean to pub-
lish all the reports?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir; all the reports.
Then there are several hundred maps that
accompanied these reports. It will not be
necessary to publish all those maps in order to
illustrate the work, because many of them are
almost duplicates of others. You want a revis-
ing mind over the whole. Whoever is to do this
work should have some help, and I suppose
the Department may detail clerks under him
to do that kind of work. The work has to be
done now in the Department.
Then there is another thing about it, and I
am rather surprised at it. It would seem rea-
sonable that whatever concerned one portion of
the country or one army—General Sherman's
army, for instance, in its movements and
marches, all the public papers and telegraphic
dispatches and reports in regard to it—should
all go together because they illustrate each
other ; and so with the army of the Potomac;
and so with all the other great military move-
ments. Under the old resolution, the tele-
graphic dispatches and the reports are to be
published separately, so that in order to under-
stand them one has to read all these works.
Then there is to be no index to the volumes
until they are completed, and then a general
index for the whole. Every volume should
foe indexed, and the subjects should be divided
into their proper departments, so that any per-
son wishing to learn about any of the move-
ments of any of the armies under any of the
generals would have it at his finger ends, all
perfect, with the telegraphic dispatches, re-
ports, and maps, and an index for the whole.
Now, sir, this is a simple proposition that
some person shall be employed by the Secretary
of War, at an annual salary of $2,500, for two
years, to supervise and arrange this work. I
believe it will save one third of the expense
that would otherwise be incurred under the
present plan. If it is carried on under the
plan already ordered, the work will cost froui
$500,000 to $750,000. I believe that the ex-
penditure of '".his $5,000 will not only make
