1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1845
expedient means, for an easy reference to every
portion of their report.
When the commissioners have completed the
revision and consolidation of the statutes they
are to cause a copy of the same, in print, to
be submitted to Congress, that the statutes so
revised and consolidated may be reenacted if
Congress shall so determine; and at the same
time they shall also suggest to Congress such
contradictions, omissions, and imperfections
as may appear in the original text, with the
mode in which they have reconciled, supplied,
and amended the same; and they may also
designate such statutes or parts of statutes as
in their judgment ought to be repealed, with
their reasons for such repeal.
The commissioners are to cause their work to
bo printed in parts so fast as it may be ready for
the press, and to distribute copies to members
of Congress, and to such other persons, in lim-
ited numbers, as they may see fit, for the pur-
pose of obtaining their suggestions; and they
shall, from time to time, report to Congress
their progress and doings. The statutes so
revised and consolidated shall bo reported to
Congress as soon as practicable, and the whole
work closed without unnecessary delay. The
commissioners are each to receive as a com-
pensation for his services at the rate of ยง4,000
a year for two years, with the reasonable ex-
penses of clerical service and other incidental
matters, not to exceed $2,000 in the whole for
such expenses.
The first amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary was in section six, line
three, to strike out the word "four" and insert
"five;" and after the word ''for'' strike out
"two" and insert "three so that the clause
will read:
That tlio commissioners shall each receive as com-
pensation for his service at tlio rate of $5,000 a year
for three years.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section six, lino
six, after the word "dollars" to strike out "in
the whole" and insert "annually;" so that the
clause will read:
With the reasonable expenses of clerical service
and other incidental matters, not to exeoed $2,0U0 an-
nually for such expenses.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended; the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
WAYS AXD MEANS.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of the bill
(II. R. No. -07) to amend an act entitled "An
act to provide ways and means to support the
Government," approved March o, 1805.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
is proposed by this measure to enact that the
act entitled "An act to provide _ ways and
means to support the Government," approved
March 3, 1805, shall be extended and construed
to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury, at
his discretion, to receive any Treasury notes or
other obligations issued under any act of Con-
gress, whether bearing interest or not, in ex-
change for any description of bonds authorized
by the act to which this is an amendment; and
also to dispose of any description of' bonds
authorized by that act, either in the United
States or elsewhere, to such an amount, in
such manner, and at such rates as ho may
think advisable, for lawful money of the Uni-
ted States, or for any Treasury notes, certifi-
cates of indebtedness, or certificates of deposit,
or other representatives of value, which have
been, or which may be, issued under any act
of Congress, the proceeds thereof to be used
only for retiiing Treasury notes or other obli-
gations issued under any act of Congress; but
it is not to be construed to authorize any in-
crease of the public debt. Of United States
notes not more than $10,000,000 may be
retired and canceled within six months, and
thereafter not more than $'1,000,000 in any one
month. The act to which this is an amendment
is to continue in force in all its provisions, ex-
cept as thus modified. The Secretary of the
Treasury is to report to Congress at the com-
mencement of the next session the amount of
exchanges made or money borrowed under this
act, and of whom and on what terms; and also
the amount and character of indebtedness re-
tired, with a detailed statement of the expense
of making such loans and exchanges.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have simply to say
that this bill is reported by the Committee on
Finance without amendment as it came from
the House of Representatives. The Commit-
tee on Finance, on careful examination of it,
came to the conclusion that the bill was well
enough as it stood, and did not deem it advisa-
ble to make any amendment. It has been be-
fore the Senate a considerable time, and 1 pre-
sume every Senator understands it. I ask,
therefore, for the question.
Mr. SHERMAN. I regret very much that
I differ from the Committee on Finance in
regard to this bill. This is the only bill on
the subject of the public debt on which I have
not been able to concur with that committee.
I do not perceive the necessity for conferring
on the Secretary^ the Treasury, in the pres-
ent condition of our finances, the vast powers
which arc conferred by this bill. It is true
that the bill, as it now comes before us, is
very different from the one first reported in
the House of Representatives. That bill con-
tained a clause which authorized the Secretary
of the Treasury, not only to sell the bonds of
the United States abroad, but to make them
payable in the currency of foreign countries.
Under it the Secretary could make our bonds
payable in pounds, shillings, and pence, guild-
ers, francs, or any of the various forms of
currency known in any European country.
That provision was stricken out by the House
of Representatives. After the bill was defeated
in the House a clause was added, on recon-
sideration, intended to limit the power of the
Secretary of the Treasury over the legal tend-
ers; but this clause, although wise in itself,
will not accomplish the purpose designed by
the House. It is on this ground, chiefly, that
I object to the bill as it now stands.
If Senators will read this bill they will find
that it confers on the Secretary of the Treas-
ury greater powers thau have ever been con-
ferred since the foundation of this Government
upon any Secretary of the Treasury. Ourloan
laws heretofore have generally been confined
to the negotiation of a single loan, limited in
amount. As the war progressed the difficul-
ties of the country became greater, and we
were more in the habit of removing the limita-
tions on the power of the Secretary of the
Treasury; but generally the power conferred
was confined to a particular loan then ill the
market. This bill, however, is more general
in its terms. This bill authorizes the Secretary
of the Treasury to sell any character of bonds
without limit, except as to the rate of interest.
The authority conferred does not limit him to
any form of security. Jt may rim for any period
of time within forty years. He may sell the
securities at less than par, without limitation
as to rate. He may sell them in any form he
chooses. He may put them in the form of
Treasury notes or bonds, the in Iciest payable
in gold or in paper money. He may undertake,
under tin; piovisions of this bill, to Suiid the
whole debt of the United States. The only
limit as to amount is the public debt, now
$2,700,000,000. The power conferred on the
Secretary of the Treasury is absolute. It is not
only for this year, or during the current fiscal
year, or for the next year, but it is for all time,
until the act shall be repealed. It gives him
absolute power to negotiate bonds of the Uni-
ted States to the amount of $2,700,000,000,
without limiting the rate at which they shall be
sold, and only limiting the rate of interest infer-
cntially. The description of the bonds in the
act of March 3, 1805, referred to liere,_would
probably limit the rate of interest to six per
cent, in coin and seven and three tenths per
cent, in currency; but with this exception .there
is no limitation.
It seems to me that in the present condition
of our finances there is no necessity for con-
ferring those large powers on the Secretary of
the Treasury. The people are not generally
aware of the favorable condition of our finances.
The statement of the public debt laid on our
tables the other day does not show fully tho
condition of the finances. It is accurate in
amounts, but docs not give dates of the matu-
rity of our debts. But a small portion of the
debt of the United States will be due prior to
August, 18G7, that will give tho Secretary any
trouble. But little of the debt which he will
bo required to fund under the provisions of
this bill matures before August^ 18G7. The
temporary or call loan, now over one hundred
millions, may readily be kept at this sum even
at a reduced rate of interest. Tho certificates
of indebtedness, amounting to sixty-two mil-
lions, may easilybe paid from accruing receipts,
or, if necessary, may be renewed or funded at
the pleasure of the Secretary. None of the
compound-interest notes or the seven-thirty
notes mature until August, 1807.
It is idle, therefore, to say that there is now
at this moment or will be within a year a press-
ing necessity to confcr on the Secretary of the
Treasury this enormous power. It is only in
view of a change of policy, either by a reduction
of tho currcney or some other measure in the
mind of the Secretary, that he can claim that
this power is necessary. N or is there necessity
to contract debt to pay current expenditure,
bceausotlic present income exceeds our expend-
itures. In his annual report he estimated that
there would he a deficit of Si 12,000,000 at tho
close of the present fiscal year. Jt is now
admitted that there will be no deficit and that
the amount, on hand together with the current
receipts will be amply sufficient to pay all the
expenses of tho Government up to the 1st of
duly next. During the next year the estimated
expenditures of the Government arc slated by
him at $280,000,000. Those estimates have
been reduced somewhat by the bills sent to us
by the House of Representatives, and it is
scarcely possible that the expenditures duiing
the next year can reach $275,000,000 on tho
present baMS. Wu have a current revenue now
of neatly $500,000,000 during this year. The
amount of the gold root ipts during flic first three
quarters of the year wen; $110,000,000, and
for this quarter will not fall below $20,000,000.
It is supposed that the internal revenue will
yield during the current year not less than
3:120,000,000, so that including the profits
realized 011 the sale of surplus sold we have an
income of not less than $-r;00.000,000 this year,
and some authorities place it hiuhor. Thus it
is evident that we have $200,000,000 more in-
come this year than we will have expenditures
next year.
No man can tell the, future, and it is pos-
sible, perhaps probable, that during the next
year there will he a considerable falling off in
revenue. 1 do not think the internal revenue
will fall off materially, because there are many
sources of revenue that will come iu next year
which we have not, yet felt. No one doubts
that the tax on spirits Will yield two or three
times as much next year as it has during the
current year, no doubt, however, other taxes
will bo diminished. I hope that the duties re-
ceived from imported goods will be diminished
by a diminution of importations, lint neither
the Secretary of the Treasury nor the head of
the Internal Revenue Bureau contemplates any
very material reduction, and on the basis ol the
present law as it now stands we shall next year
probably have a revenue of $-100,000,000, or at
least $100,000,000 more than the expenditure
of tho next year.
There is therefore no immediate necessity
for these vast powers. The question then nat-
urally occurs, why grant them? I have care-
fully considered this question, and I do not
think there is now any immediate necessity for
granting these powers. No debt is maturing
thai is likely to give the Government any
