ism.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
$705
ure is not one. as I said the other day, to
strengthen the people of the United States, to
make them more ■wealthy, more independent,
more able to stand up under this burden, then
we have no business to pas^ this bill in July,
nor shall we have any bushings to pass it in
December. You all conced,?, when you con-
cede its importance, that it will make the peo-
ple stronger. Tf it will not, it is not important."
Well, sir, if it will make them stronger, for
God's sake do they not need it more now
when they are weaker than they ever were irt
the world ? If you ever mean to nurse and
- nourish by Government appropriations the
people, do they not need it now when they
stand confronted by this great debt and are
groaning under it ? It is as a measure of re-
lief that I ask you to embrace this, of popular
relief, and I ask you to embrace it now, not
postpone it to another day.
The Senatorfrom New York urges that this
is a measure antagonistic to that State. If it
is ■antagonistic to the State of New York, how
will this antagonism be got over between this
and December? Will it be less antagonistic
then than now? That may be a reason why
we should not pass the bill at all. I submit to
the honorable Senator that it, is not, and that it
cannot be a reason why we should postpone its
consideration to another session of this body.
But is it a reason why we should not pass the
bill? How is -it to come in antagonism with
the State of'New York? I do not concede the
fact that it is so. It may be antagonistic to the
interests of the Erie canal, but I understand
that the wealth of New York lies in the fact
that, it has the great commercial metropolis
of the nation within its boundaries, and that
through its gateway the bulk of whatever comes
into or goes out of the country must pass, and
that it is to-day and it must be but a thorough-
fare through whichthe commerce of the nation
shall pass to and fro between the sea-board and
the interior. Whatever enriches the nation,
therefore, does and must of necessity enrich
the State of New York. Why, sir, the growth
of the West,, consequent upon the construction
of the Erie canal, is to-day what makes New
York what she is. The Senator from Michi-
gan remarked that the Northwest was indebted
to the Erie canal for being what she is. I
should not have expressed myself exactly in
the same way; I should have said that, the
nation was indebted to the Erie canal for the
existence of the Northwest. But for the Erie
canal you would have had no Northwest, or
none to speak of.
Mr. MORGAN. That is true.
Mr. HOWE. That is true, says my friend
from New York. We are agreed upon one
point, then. Now, I have to say to my friend,
if he likes the style of the goods, why not in-
crease the production? Enlarge the facilities
for communicating between the Northwest and
the sea-board, and you will^get more of the
same style of goods. The Northwest has but
begun to develop, but you cannot stand a much
larger development; you have not the facili-
ties. Commerce groans on its way between the
interior and the sea-board now. You must
enlarge the facilities or we shall cease to grow,
and so will you, for when we cease to grow
you must. You depend upon us as much as
we do upon you. The dependence is- mutual.
There can be no sectional interest here.
But it may be said that this measure is an-
tagonistic to the Erie canal, and that we ought
to be grateful to the Erie canal for what it has
done. So we are grateful to the Erie canal
for what it has done. Our gratitude is mani-
fested, if you call it gratitude. The account
is not against us. ^ We paid you for the Erie
canal, and we paid you a large sum beside.
We have paid more than nine million dol-
lars. The tolls levied upon this commerce
which we are trying to provide for have paid
for the Erie canal, and more than nine mil-
lions beside. It has therefore cost you noth-
ing, but you are the gainers by nine millions
of money through the construction of that
simple work.
Now,^ Mn President, ought not New York
to be willing to square accounts with us? We
do not ask her to pay back that $9,000,000,
but ought she riot to be willing to settle, to
jump the accounts, that being the way the
thing' stands? I conceive so. Ought she to
insist that this already great country, in the
basin of the lakes and in the valley of the
Mississippi, already grown great, and which
wants to grow greater, shall make its commerce
trickle through that little one-horse canal? No,
sir ; we want a two-horse canal at once to do
the business; a larger one as soon as we can
get it. Steam must be employed not merely
around the falls of Niagara; not merely be-
tween Lake Erie and Lake Ontario; steam';
must bo employed to do that work the whole
distance to the sea-board; and sooner or later
it will be. This is one of the steps.
But the Senator from Now York rather un-
dertakes to frighten us from the proseciliion
of this design by holding up to us the prospect
that the Erie canal, finding itself depreciated
in usefulness by the construction of this, work,
will get impatient and discouraged and insist
upon being sold, and that the people of New
York will demand to have it sold. Well, Mr.
President, when the Erie canal becomes use-
less by the construction of a larger, a more
capable, a more generous rival, I shall not
have any particular objection to its being sold,
and I shall have no particular objection to the
New York Central Railroad Company buying
it. But I am extremely inclined to think that
when that day comes it will be about the last
piece of property that the New York Central
Railroad Company would care to invest in.
The New York Central Railroad Company
will never want the Erie canal unless it can
do business, and the Erie canal never can
do business when there are larger and more
capable rivals by its side; so that I am not
specially terrified by that consideration.
But, says the Senator from Ohio, why will
you agree to the construction of the work pro-
vided for in this bill, and abandon-all control
over the tolls, and allow an incorporated com-
pany to put such tolls upon the canal as they
see fit to levy? Why, sir, we do not propose
any such tiling. There is every variety of con-
trol given to us that could be thought of. First
we provide that once in five years a board of
commissioners, one to be appointed by the
President, one by the Governor of each of
several States which are named, and one by
the company, shall meet together for the pur-
pose of revising the tolls; and secondly, we
provide that at any time the Congress of the
United States may regulate the tolls just as they
please, put them high or put them low; and
thirdly, we provide that if we are dissatisfied
with both these measure of control we may
purchase the property, pay for it, and make
the canal free. Bo you want any more abso-
lute control than that? Can you have it?
Build it yourselves and you will not have any
more control. Then Congress can put the tolls
just as they please, and now they can put them
just as they please.
But, says the Senator from Ohio, we have
been already making liberal appropriations;
this year we have appropriated from one to two
million dollars for the improvement of harbors
and the creation of defenses. That is a good
thing to do. That makes the country just so
much more wealthy; but is that any reason?
Because you have a coat, Mr. President, is it
any reason that you should not seek for a pair
of pantaloons ? Because you have harbors by
which you can get into the ports on Lake
Michigan and Lake Superior, is it any reason
why you should not have a channel by which
you can get to those harbors? Your harbors
are in a measure useless without these added
channels of communication. Why do you want
to provide for commerce to go into your har-
bors unless you will provide the ways for com-
merce to get to them?
But it is said it is a monopoly. W hat is a
monopoly? This company; a company under
the absolute control of the national Legislature,
besides all these other controls! I repeat that
the moment it begins to be a monopoly or act
like a monopoly you have only to do what the
Senator from Maine and the Senatorfrom Iowa
say they want to do, to tflt, just launch the
money out of the Treasury and buy jt.
Mr. President, I am not going to detain the
Senate. I could deluge the body with figures
enforcing the necessity of this work; but I
shall not do it. If figures were as cooling and
refreshing as water, such a day would be the
day to do it, perhaps. They are not, and I
shall not occupy the time. I only ask gentle-
men to be logical; I only ask .gentlemen to
act consistently with their own admission, with
their own confession. They admit the neces-
sity of the work; then let us build it. That
is all there is of it. The committee thought
it, more prudent and more economical to em-
ploy a company.
1 do not mean to go into the constitutional
question. The Senator from Maine has raised
it. I think the Supreme Court has decided,
and I believe the country has acquiesced in it,
that whatever the Government may do directly
by itself, either in the prosecution of commerce
or of national defense or in any other way, it
may do by the creation of a company. I be-
lieve that that is the established law of the
land. to-day ; but that there is any constitu-
tional objection to this, I am not prepared to
admit, nor am I prepared to take the time to
•argue against the assertion of it.
If it is supposed that the State of New York
ought to be consulted, that her assent ought to
be required; upon that we have not definitely
determined ; that is not involved in this ques-
tion of postponement. That we can consider
as well this year as next; that is a question to
be considered when that amendment shall be
under consideration in the Senate. Although
I voted for that amendment in committee, I
have no more belief that we are under obliga-
tions to ask the permission of one State when
the commerce of the United States shall pass
through it, or how it shall pass through, than
I feel obliged to ask my consent when it can
pass by my house.
Sir, it seems to me if we are dealing honestly
with this great interest we shall consider to-day
or at this session whether it is one which the
people demand or not. If we say it is one
which the people do not demand, we shall vote
against it. If we conclude (which every Sen-
ator here concedes) it is one which the people
do demand, we should commence to build it
to-day. This company is required to exhibit
its faith by its works before the United States
is called upon to contribute a dollar; itis never
called upon to contribute a dollar; but before
you are asked to loan a dollar, this company
must contribute to the stock, pay in, and expend
in the construction of the canal $2,000,000.
When you inaugurated the Pacific Railroad
Company, you required, I believe, but. about
two hundred thousand dollars to be paid in be-
fore you commenced to loan. This company
is required to pay in and expend in the prose-
cution of this work $2,000,000, and when it has
done that it has got to contribute $300,000 as
often as you contribute §200,000; and that con-
tribution—I speak of itsobecause others speak
0f jt_;s a loan. A loan to whom? To this
company. It, the company, is worthless; it
will not be repaid. Do you say that? Then
your admissions fell to the ground, for you
admit that the work is a necessary one, and
you are only afraid the tolls will be too high
and that it will do too much. If that assump-
tion is correct, then the loan must be perfectly
safe and the work will be built without costing
the United Stales a dollar. Sir, I will not
detain the Senate longer.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. GRIMES. Let us have an executive
session. . .
Mr. PESSENDEN. _ I vary my motion and
mov.e an executive session.
Mr. HOWARD. T hope before that vote is
taken I may be allowed to take up a certain bill.
