1866,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
you ask another. I will answer the gentleman's
questions as ho goes along, one at a time. 1
answer the question wftich he has just asked by
saying that the position of a trustee of a bank-
rupt's estate who is selected by the creditors is
in no respect analogous to the position of a
public officer.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ALLEY. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment.
Mr. Speaker, I hope this amendment will not
prevail. It seems to me this is a very plain
matter. The gentleman proposes the appoint-
ment of official assignees, and complains that
this bill provides for an army of office-holders.
That seems to be jiis chief objection on that
point. I agree fully with the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Thayer,] that the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York itself
increases rather than diminishes the number of
office-holders. Every official assignee which
the amendment proposes is an office-holder, but
no assignees which this bill proposes to appoint
are office-holders in any true sense. They are
merely custodians of the property of these
creditors and these debtors.
Now, Mr. Speaker, this provision has worked
admirably in practice in the State of Massa-
chusetts. We have had a bankrupt law there
for many years, which I believe it is acknowl-
edged by all who have studied the subject is a
better bankrupt law than has ever before been
devised in this country or in Europe.
■ Most of the features of this bill have been
taken from the Massachusetts law, and there is
no feature in the bill that commends it more
to my judgment and approbation than this very
feature that is now opposed by the gentleman
from New York. What is the appointment of
these messengers ? Is it the creation of office-
holders? Not exactly in a proper sense. It
is simply the appointment of individuals to take
charge of this property during the intervening
time between the petition being presented to
the courts and the appointment of the assignee.
And that difficulty cannot be obviated in any
possible manner, except by the appointment of
official assignees who shall first take possession
of the property. I suppose the gentleman from
New York will concede that.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the gentleman state
•whether he has read the section he is speaking
upon?
Mr. ALLEY. I have.
Mr. CONKLING-. I could not suppose you
had when you said these marshals were not
public officers—marshals of the United States.
Mr. ALLEY. I was speaking of assignees
if I said marshals. These marshals are merely
to take possession of the property. In our State
they are messengers simply. But these mar-
shals that this bill provides, who are to take
Sossession of the estate, simply act as custo-
ians of the property merely for a few days,
and are what we call messengers. They have
not the slightest jurisdiction over the property
of the creditors, so far as making any disposi-
tion of it is concerned.
Mr. H0TCIIK1SS. I would inquire of the
gentleman whether in the law of Alassachusetts
there is such a provision as this:
There shall be excepted from the operation of this
section nerossary household and kitchen furniture,
and such other articles necessary to such bankrupt as
the said assignee shall designate and set apart.
Mr. JENCKES. That is another subject—
another section.
Mr. Til A Y Eli. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to strike out the
second line.
I wish to say, in reply to the gentleman from
New York, that I do not think he intends to
mislead the House when he says that in certain
Cases two of the creditors may appoint an as-
signee. When two make the assignee they
would represent a majority in value of the cred-
itors. Is it not so?
Mr. CONKLING. Very likely; I do not
know how it is; I said nothing to the contrary.
Mr. SPxVLDING. Under any circumstan-
ces it would be a majority of the property that
would create the assignee. That is the inten-
tion. Now, 1^ only wish to remark in addition,
that I do consider this as one of the most val-
uable features of this whole scheme, which is
so ably compiled by the gentleman from Rhode
Island. 1 was conversant with the workings
of the old act of 1842, and I know that nothing
about it was more objectionable to the people
than these county assignees. They felt no in-
terest for those who really owned the property.
Now, here the trustees are to hold and manage
it for the interest of the creditors and subject
to their ratification. And I appeal to the good
sense of this House if this is not a fairer way
of treating them than by putting it into the hands
of county assignees, men appointed by this
court. This bill proposes that the individual
estate in insolvency shall pass into the hands
of men who have an interest in protecting it.
Mr. CONKLING. I rise to oppose the
amendment.
Mr. McINDOE. If the gentleman will give
way, I will move to adjourn.
Mr. CONKLING. I will yield for that
purpose.
MORNING HOUR OF TUESDAY.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
there will be no legislative session till next Tues-
day. On Monday morning, however, the House
will meet and the Journal will be read, but
there will bo but a very few moments for pro-
ceeding in the morning. The Chair will suggest,
therefore, whether Tuesday shall not be con-
sidered the same as Monday, and whether the
House shall not then go on with the morning
hour as if it were Monday.
Mr. HALE. I move that the morning hour
of Tuesday be considered the same as that of
Monday.
No objection being made, it was so ordered.
Mr. McINJDOE. I now move that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and thereupon (at
four o'clock and thirty minutes p. m.) the House
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 10, 1866.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxton".
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
The SPEAKER. No business is in order
in the House to-day except debate as in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
on the President's message, on which the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Eokley] is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. ECIvLEY. I would inquire if an order
has been made for an adjournment until Tues-
day.
The SPEAKER. It has not, because the
House must be in session on Monday morning
in accordance with the programme of the joint
committee.
Mr. PAINE. I would inquire of the Chair
if the order of the House permits the filing of
petitions to-day?
The SPEAKER. It does; they may be filed
with the Clerk.
Mr. EC K LEY. I will yield the floor to the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Ward.]
reconstruction.
Mr. WAPbD. Mr. Speaker, I should not
thrust myself upon the attention of the House
at this time, could I with justice to myself
remain silent.
So varied and novel are the schemes of
reconstruction and the resolutions upon that
subject that are crowded tlnough the House
without opportunity for debate, under the op-
eration of the "previous question," that it
seems necessary for members who desire their
true position understood upon this vexed ques-
tion to take the opportunity offered for the dis-
cussion of the President's message to do so.
After so many great minds, at both ends ofJ
this Capitol, have exhausted so thoroughly all
views and phases of this question, it will not
be expected that I trill advance anything tww.
I shall only express the earnest, deeply fixer!
convictions of one of the humblest upon fcMs
floor, and you will receive them simply as such.
Who can but tremble at the vast responsibility
to our country, our countrymen, and to God",
under which w3 rest as members Of this Con-
gress?
Never before in the history of nations has a
legislative body met charged with such duties
and obligations as have been imposed upon us.
We are legislatingforthe present and the future.'
The effect of our action will not be circumscribed
by our time and country alone ; it will reach th£
whole earth and the remotest generation.
Ten million people, emerging from the etiaos
of war, stand before us powerless, disarmed,
without government, without law, save from
the strong arm of the military power, awaiting
our action, demanding from us the full exercise
of the rights they enjoyed in the better days
gone by, when, true to the Union, they stood
side by side with us in upholding the honor of
our common flag. What have they done? Why
are they knocking thus at the doors of our
national councils? Why these vacant seats?
Ah! they have committed the most fearful and
gigantic crime known in the records of time.
They conspired to overthrow and blot from the
book of nations the Government of their fathers,
under whose protecting power they had grown
rich, powerful, and enjoyed every blessing, with-
out cause, save the desire to perpetuate human
bondage. They conspired against popular rights
and liberty. They sought to dishonor and de-
grade labor.
Governors, Legislatures, judges, municipal
officers ; the whole machinery of government,
State and local; all collective and individual
action of the people, were directed with awful
power for long and terrible years for the de-
struction of this Republic.
In the cabinet, on the field, on the ocean, in
foreign climes and capitals, with armed men,
with the torch, with poison, with fire, by rob-
bery, arson, murder, starvation, pillage, and all
the crimes that a fiendish ingenuity could devise
and put into execution, they pursued their work
of death.
They declared the Union was dissolved, its
mission ended, and that never while they lived
on earth, while the last man could grasp the
last musket, would they yield this pretension.
And well they did their infernal work. They
stand before God and man staggering under
the murder of three hundred thousand of the
noblest men that ever went forth to battle and
to death. They have desolated and darkened
every home in the land; $'>5,000,000,000 of
national debt, $500,000,000 more obligations
incurred by States and counties; two million
men have shouldered arms for the Republic;
one hundred and three thousand pensions upon
our bounty caused by the war. These are some
ofthe results of their action. Theyfailed. Such
men as were gathered into hosts and marched
to the music of the Union and swept the armies
of treason from the land weA never before
given to any country. How we should prize and
cherish those who live, bind up their wounds,
give them of our substance in their time of
need. And those who died, whose precious
dust reposes in the soil of every State, let us
remember and sancl ify their resting-places, and
guard well their widows and orphans as the
nation's treasure.
What is the condition of those States and peo-
ple? What their relations to the General Gov-
ernment? What shall we do with them?
And now, without i esentmcut or fear or look-
ing backward or trimming our sails to catch
some popular breeze, acting under our oaths,
and with the desire only to do right as it is
given us to " see the right.'' lot us enter upon
the consideration of these momentous questions.
All sovereignty rests with people in this coun-
try ; by virtue of this sovereignty they have organ-
ized States and State governments, and been
received as such States into the Union; and sub-
ject to the Constitution of the United States and
the laws of Congress ir.ade in pursuance thereof,
