2800
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
the use of members of the present Senate, and six
thousand for the use of members of the present House
^^siPl^indYe'iifurtTier'resolved, That it shall
also be'the duty of the Secretary of War to causo a
complete index of the matter contained in each vol-
ume to bo prepared and inserted therein.
"Sec. 4- Ami be it further resolved. That all reso-
lutions- adopted by either House of Congress, at its
present session, directing the printing of any of the
correspondence, reports, or documents, as above
contemplated, be, and the same are hereby, re-
scinded."
This resolution rescinded all the orders made
for publishing documents, and made this gen-
eral provision.
Mr. FESSEl^DEN. I wish to make one
other suggestion. I understand that we are
in possession of a large mass of the confederate
reports.
Mr. WILSON. They were not here when
we passed the resolution of 1864.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If these papers are to
be published they ought to be arranged by sub-
jects; and all that we have of the confederate
documents on the same subjects ought to be
printed in juxtaposition, so that the whole
subject-matter might be seen.
Mr. WILSON. That is what we want to do.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think that the docu-
ments in the archives of the War Department
are not yet in a condition to be published. I
think it is much better that the work should
be prepared, or at least that very considerable
progress should be made in it before the pub-
lication is commenced, because otherwise we
may repeat the same experiment that has just
been made. This resolution provides for some
competent person at a salary of $2,500 a year
to undertake it. It would be the life-time
of a man to do that work; it would take twenty
men to perform that work as it ought to be
performed, and I think it ought to be per-
formed. I think that there should be a history
of the war prepared from the documents in the
possession of the War Department and from
the rebel archives; and I would suggest that
this resolution.be recommitted to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, and that they report a
plan for the prosecution of the work; and when
the persons intrusted with this work shall report
that they have made sufficient progress it will
be time enough to commence the publication.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In the mean time we
ought to suspend the resolution already passed.
_ Mr. ANTHONY. Yes, sir. If this resolu-
tion be recommitted'to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs they can report a plan for the
preparation of the work, which should precede
for some time the commencement of the pub-
lication ; and in that resolution we can provide
for the suspension of the work now going on.
I fancy there is' nothing doing on it now ; but I
do not know. This matter does not belong to
the Committee on Printing, and I do not wish
to interfere with it.
_ Mr. WILSON. I certainly have no objec-
tion to that suggestion; but the object of the
committee was to do precisely what the Senator
from Maine and the Senator from Rhode Island,
and I suppose the Senator from Iowa, desire;
that is, if this matter is to be published at all,
that it shall be well arranged and made a per-
fect work. We cannot tell, I assure the Senate
we have not the means to tell, and I do not
believe any committee of the Senate can pos-
sibly tell precisely how this should be done,
but we wanted to put it in the hands of a com-
petent man to make out a plan and see that the
work is done according to a good plan. I have
no objection certainly to arresting the publica-
tion of the present work, to repealing the pres-
ent- law, and letting i,he Secretary of War
appoint a proper manl>r a number of men if
necessary and let them report a plan at the
next session of Congress and how much it will
probably cost and give us all the facts of the
case. If that is thought best, I have no objec-
tion to the recommitment; but the object we
had in view was to prevent the publication of
this vast mass of documents without any ar-
rangement, imperfect as they are sent to the
printing office. ^ I have no objection to a re-
commitment, with the understanding that we
are to report a proposition arresting the publi-
cation and authorizing the Secretary of War to
appoint a proper man to prepare the work, and
let a report be made at the next session ot what
they desire and about what it will cost.
Sir. SUMNER. We have already in our
history had some experience by which we may
be taught on this question. Senators have seen
in their libraries, certainly in the Congressional
Library, the large volumes known as the Amer-
ican Archives, of which there are portious of
several series. When that series was com-
menced it was intended that it should embody
all the papers, military and diplomatic, and also
leading articles in newspapers, relating to the
origin of our Revolution and the war of inde-
pendence. The collection proceeded to the
year 1776, under the editorship of Peter Force,
of this city, a gentleman as competent, i sup-
pose. as any person who could have been se-
lected in the whole country, but it was subject
to the final revision of the Secretary of State.
Finally, when Mr. Force had prepared a vol-
ume for 1777, and all his papers were collected
and laid before the Secretary of State, at that
time Mr. Marcy, the latter gentleman refused
to give his assent to the further publication of
the volume, and you have that collection, origi-
nally ordered by a joint resolution of Congress,
suspended at the year 1770, and primarily be-
cause Mr. Marcy did not feel willing as Secre-
tary of State to give his final assent, as required
by the resolution, to its publication. That is
our experience with regard to one very impor-
tant portion of our history, the war of inde-
pendence; the documents are not yet published
in one' connected series; I do not know that
they ever will be. And now, sir, it is proposed
to publish another series, which will be perhaps
more expensive even than that of the war of
independence. The series of the war of inde-
pendence, as you will observe, embraced news-
( paper articles in America and England illus-
j trating the contest, and that of course gave to
k a much larger size and development than the
series now proposed.
But, as I have said, it is now proposed to begin
another series. I would simply suggest that
we may well consider whether it mig-ht not be
advisable for us to complete the original series,
and to illustrate the war of independence be-
fore we enter upon the work of illustrating this
recent more terrible conflict. But, sir, suppose
we do undertake the latter work, then I think
all the suggestions that have been made, par-
ticularly by the Senator from Maine, suggesting
caution, requiring care and editorship, of infi-
nite importance. I agree with thai Senator
absolutely when he says the whole collection
will be of very little value, it will be trivial, if
it is not well edited, well arranged, and then
well indexed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And the larger it is
the worse it will be.
Mr. SUMNER. Of course, the larger it is
the worse it will be. Then Senators say that
we must find a competent man. Who is the
competent man? I do not know him now. I
dare say he would come to light, perhaps, if we
went about with a candle after him ; but the
competent man to gather together all this mass
of documents and to put them in order, and
then to make a proper and analytical index,
would be a very rare man. He must be a man
without any of the turbulent ambition that
belongs to politicians ; he must be disposed to
quiet, willing to live at home with his books
and his papers, and give himself day and night
to serious toil. That is the character of man
that you would require. I do not know where
he could be found.
Mr. JOHNSON. You might find him in
Boston.
Mr. SUMNER. In Boston if anywhere, per-
haps. [Laughter.] But then I do not know
him there, I am free to say.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Resign, and take charge
of it yourself. [Laughter.]
Mr. SUMNER. My friend says I should
resign and accept it. I do not know but that
that is the best thing I could do, [laughter,]
but then I should despair of getting through
with the work.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would agree to serve
as your clerk.
Mr. SUMNER. Then the work would surely
be done. [Laughter.] All this brings us to
the conclusion that what we do should be well
considered and laid out in advance. I think,
therefore, it is important that the resolution
should bo recommitted, that we should have
| the benefit of all the information we can get
I from the Department on the subject, and, if
j possible, provide in advance the method and
; the arrangement and the way in which the col-
j lection should be indexed. As much should
be done in advance as possible. Now, sir, we
may get some instruction on this subject from
what they are doing in other nations. At this
moment the Emperor of France is engaged in
the publication of all the writings of his uncle,
the Emperor Napoleon. That work has already-
proceeded to fourteen or fifteen quarto vol-
umes, very elaborately edited, tliepurpose being
to bring into the collection every scrap, mili-
tary, diplomatic, or personal, which can be
found proceeding from the late Emperor of
France, the first Napoleon. That is done under
special editorship. Some of the very first men
in France are engaged as a committee in super-
intending it. Now, if wc shall undertake our
work, I think we ought certainly to do as well
by it as the Emperor of France does by the
work of his uncle.
Mr. HENDERSON. Having looked at the
i legislation on this subject, I desire to ask a
| question. I find that after the passage of the
I joint resolution referred to by the Senator from
| Massachusetts an act was passed in June, 1864,
J the second section of which provided "that
I the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby,
authorized to appoint some competent person
to edit the printing of the official reports of
the operations of the armies of the United
States." Now, I understand that this is fur-
ther legislation on the same subject. I rose to
ask whether the Secretary of War had gone to
any expense in securing the services of any
person to superintend this publication. I find,
also, in the Army appropriation bill for 1864-
65, passed June 15, 1864, an appropriation
"for copying official reports of armies of the
United States for publication, $5,000." I pre-
sume that was in furtherance, also, of this
same resolution, passed in May, 1864.
Mr. JOHNSON. Has the Senator that
resolution before him?
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes, sir. *
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the Senator be kind
enough to read the second section?
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator from
Maryland asks me to read the second section
of the resolution of May, 1864. It is in these
words:
" Sec. 2. And be itfnrther reeolved, That the Super-
intendent of Public Printing shall cause to be printed
and bound, in addition to the usual number, ten
thousand copies of such correspondence, reports, aiul
documents, in volumes of not exceeding (as near as
may be) eight hundred octavo pages each, which shall
be distributed by the Secretary of the Senate as fol-
lows, to wit, five hundred copies to the War Depart-
ment, one complete copy to each State library of
every State in the Union, and five complete copiesto
public libraries in each congressional district of the
United States, to be designated by the Representa-
tive of the present Congress from such district; and
of the remaining copies three thousand shall be for
the use of members of the present Senate, and six
thousand for the use of members of the present House
of Representatives."
Mr. JOHNSON. I should like to know if
the yeas and nays were called upon that.
Mr. HENDERSON. I think the best dis-
position, perhaps, that can be made of the
resolution now pending is not to amend it, as
suggested by the Senator from Iowa, but to
make it a simple provision repealing what has
hitherto been provided for.
Mr. GRIMES. It is proposed to recommit
it with that view.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have no objection
to that coursc. I was about to remark that the
Here orders of the department commanders
at the city of St. Louis have been recently
published by Mr. O' Fallon, who was an assist-
