1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1847
probably be fully considered. My only purpose
now is to pointoutthe fact that is perfectly clear
to the mind of every sensible man -who has ex-
amined this bill, that the bill as it stands does
not carry out the manifest intention of the
House of Representatives when they passed
it, and that the proviso limiting the power of
the Secretary over the legal-tender currency
does not accomplish the purpose which they
designed, and without which 1 know the bill
never could have passed the House of Repre-
sentatives.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the House of Rep-
resentatives did not understand what they were
doing when they passed 1 his bill, i.t arises
from the fact that they did not give the rein to
their imagination, as the honorable Senator
from Ohio seems to have done to his, and take
it for granted that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury had a purpose to accomplish, and that lie
would not hesitate to take any means in his
power to accomplish it, improperly, against the
manifest will of Congress, against the interests
of the country, and against his own interests
as Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. SHERMAN. I appeal to the Senator
whether that is a fair statement of my argu-
ment?
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is the way pre-
cisely that I understand it.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is precisely as no
gentleman could have understood me. I never
said thai the Secretary improperly would do
so and so by any means. It is one of the hon-
orable Senator's modes of stating propositions.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 certainly did not mean
to say that the honorable Senator supposed he
designed to do so, but such seems to be the result
of his argument—that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury having the power, as ho says, there is danger
that he might abuse it in that precise way; else
his argument amounts to nothing at all as
against the bill. 1 certainly acquit my friend
of any sort of desire or intention to throw any
imputation on the Secretary of the Treasury.
That he did not mean to do.
1 have been requested by a Senator to state
precisely what this bill does. By the bill that,
was passed at the last session permission was
given to the Secretary toissue a certain descrip-
tion of bonds, and to dispose of those bonds
in the market, for the purpose of raiding a rev-
enue for the support of the Government. The
bonds were to run for a certain length of time,
not to exct ed forty years in duration, and they
might be made redeemable after live years, etc.
It is unnecessary for me to read the description
of the bonds. The clause at the end of the
bill provides:
"And any Treasury notes or otlicr obligations bear-
ing interest, is.-ued under any act of Congress, may,
at tho dueretion of the (Secretary of the TrciiMirj,
ami with the eon-ent oft he holder, be converted into
any description of bunds authorized by this act," Arc.
" Or other obligations bearing interest." That
bill was confined,-the Senate will_veinark, to
obligations bearing intercsl. He might take up
any of them, no matter what they were, pro-
vided they bore interest, and convert them into
any description of bonds authorized by that act,
anil there was no limitation upon the mode or
the terms upon which he might dispose of the
bonds in the market. After peace came, the
idea of the Secretary of the Treasury was, and
is, and 1 take il that it is the idea of everybody,
pretty much, who has thought much on the sub-
ject—it certainly was mine, with my limited
information on the subject: it certainly was that
•jf (he foimer Secretary of the Treasury, Mr.
Chase, and has been that of all other men who
thought they knew something about financial
matters—that the sooner we could return to the
original condition of things in the country, that
is, to a specie basis, safely, the better it would
bo. The present Secretary of the Treasury, upon
taking possession of the Department, stated that
view. He took occasion afterward to restate
it in a more formal manner. He alluded to it
in his annual report; and he asked Congress
to give him power to exchange these bonds, not
only for obligations bearing interest, but for
what are called the greenbacks or obligations
of the country that do not bear interest. It was
received with very great favor, almost universal
favor, in the first instance; but after awhile it
occasioned an emotion. Certain people took
very great pains to get up the idea that because
the Secretary of the Treasury had developed
such views, therefore, necessarily, his intention
was to push that matter directly in the face of
all that might be considered beneficial, and to
devote himself exclusively to that idea, what-
ever might be the condition of business in the
country ; and men calling themselves business
men, who desired to have a very expanded
currency, busied themselves, according to my
observation, to create as much excitement as
possible with a view to keep the currency ex-
panded and to prevent the Secretary even from
having the power to operate in relation to that
subject. That occasioned the very great con-
test that was carried on for so long a time in
the House of Representatives; and after a very
considerable discussion and a recommittal of
the bill once or twice it eventuated in the bill
which is now before us. my objection to which
is, not its strength, but its weakness. It is as
little of a b'dl, it strikes me, with reference to
conveying the pro per powers to the Secretary as
could well bo devised.
Mr. CLARK, llomooopathic.
Mr. FESSENDEN. "Homoeopathic," my
friend says. It is rather a small dose. Now,
what does it do? It says simply that he may
convert any of the existing obligations of the
Government., not only those bearing interest,
but those not bearing interest, into any descrip-
tion of bonds authorized hyfheael of last year—
not Treasury notes, not seven-thirties, but bonds,
and the bonds are specifically described. They
are not to run beyond a certain time ; they may
be anywhere witliinthat limit; and they are to
bear not more than six per cent, interest. 'This
proposition, as 1 said before, includes notonly
the conversion into bonds of the obligations
bearing interest, but those notbearinginterest.
But for fear that that power would be abused ;
that the Secretary under it would proceed at
once, like a man who had no sense and 110 dis-
cretion, to take up those which did not bear in-
terest before ho took up those which did, for
the sake of creating a, panic, and with the pur-
pose of paralyzing his own action, tying his
own hand, disorganizing the business of the
country and preventing people from bemgable
to pay taxes—that was about the argument—
for feVr that ho might do all this, and in order
to limit him a proviso was inserted in the bill
that for six months to come after the passage
of this act, carrying it to about the time (hat
we shall meet again, lie shall not retire more
than Sld,000,000 of United States notes, and
after that not more than ^4,000,000 a month.
With that limitation, which is not of the slightest
consequence by way of limit at ion, because lie
cannot retire, a dollar of it, in my judgment,
before that time arrives, the bill was satisfac-
tory. and the House at last agreed to pass it.
Now, the bill is of consequence in this par-
ticular, and it is about, the only consequence 1
attach to it: it, recognizes the principle dis-
tinctly, as admitted and avowed, that soon, as
soon as it can be done with safety to the inter-
ests of the country and the business transac-
tions of the country as they may develop them-
selves—and every financier must look upon mat-
ters as they develop themselves from dav to day
to guide his action—as this proceeds Congress
means that wo shall get back at some time or
other, and as speedily as the good of the coun-
try will admit, to the old system, to specie
payments, the sound basis of our currency.
Thai is about all there is of it, so far ,is_ its
practical effect is concerned. It recognizes
the principle as a correct one, and begins to
carry it out. What, will be the effect of reject-
ing this bill? The effect of rejecting it is to
say to even-body "that our idea is to keep
an expanded currency, to keep paper in the
market, to abandon the old system, to stretch
out, and leave everybody who deals in money
the advantage of trading upon such an uncer-
tain and unfixed state of things;" an idea
which, according to my judgment, would be
a calamitous one, and which we ought at once
to discard.
That is all there is in the bill in reality except
the idea which is advanced by the honorable
Senator from Ohio as to what the Secretary
can do. The Senator says that we have got
nothing to pay just now. True, we have not.
We have got our certificates of indebtedness
out, but the Senator says, we can renew them
if necessary. Would you renew them? Would
you have this floating paper in the market bear-
ing six per cent, interest payable in a year,
coming duo every month? Would yon have
the Government which is now in a state of
peace embarrassed in its operations and embar-
rassing all other money operations by renewing
that which wo can well put into a definite shape,
taking floating paper out of tho market?
Mr. HOWE. What is the amount of tliem
now ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know; it is
not, very large: about sixty millions, 1 believe.
Mr. SHERMAN. Sixty-two millions. He
has power under the present law to convert
them into bonds bearing interest.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Undoubtedly; but I
am talking ntiw about that part of the Senator's
argumentthat the Secretary has nothing to pay
or nothing that need embarrass him, because
with regard to these certificates of indebtedness
which are coming due every month he can
renew them if he has not tho money. So he
can ; but is it advisable that he should renew
them? Isit, not very much better, if he oarmot
pay them in cash, to convert them'into stand-
ing obligations which do not go into tho market
in the way in which those certificates of indebt-
edness do. and which are not used as a spccies
of currency?
It, is true we have none of those seven-thirty
notes eomingdue immediately; hut a large por-
tion of them come due before many months,
and a very considerable portion of them in the
course of the next two years. Nobody sup-
poses they will all be paid in money as they
mature. No very large poition of this debt is
to be extinguished for a considerable period
of years. Nobody thinks of it. 'The question
is. will the interest be promptly paid upon it,
and can we have it reduced regularly, in rea-
sonable amounts ? Nobody thinks of laying so
heavy a load on the country at once, burdened
as it is now. Therefore it will become neces-
sary to substitute for it some other kind of
security on longer time, and to be prepared to
meet the interest which we may well be. I
know with regard to other loans the Secreta-
ries have been obliged to begin beforehand to
make their calculations, put out their adver-
tisements, and begin to redeem ; and that must
be done with reference to these interest-bear-
ing obligations; the compound-interest notes,
seven and three-tenths notes, and others ; and
we must begin a regular system ofJ'unding our
debt. Tho question is, what are we to lose
by it? 'The Senator believes we may borrow
money at li\e pei cent, interest. It would be
a veiy dangerous experiment to relyupon that
belief. You tic the Secretary down to long
bonds at five per cent, interest, and the experi-
ment, wo have tried heretofore does not demon-
strate that it is very likely that it would be
successful.
It is very much better in my judgment to
leave someiliing to the discretion of the Seere-
' tary (if you can trust him) as to tho mode of
' doing it." That he ought to have this power to
exchange these different obligations in this way,
1 think no man on looking at the thing can
doubt for a single instant, because it will not do
to put off the time until the very day approaches.
It is a thing necessarily to be anticipated,
necessarily to be provided for beforehand, to
a very considerable extent.
Then, after you have disposed of that, comes
tho objection which my honorable friend stales
to the'bill in the question, how can the Secre-
tary act uudei this bill? In the first place he
can put tho bonds in tho market and sell them
for what he can gel. So ho could before. It
