1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2807
ant adjutant general at St. Louis during the
whole time. He has done it as a private mat-
ter of his own, and his work is a very valuable
one. Those orders of the department com-
manders at St. Louis alone, leaving out the
reports, make some four or five large volumes.
Mr. ANTHONY. It would take five hun-
dred volumes for the publication, according to
the original resolution.
Mr. HENDERSON. This book, as I say,
makes four or five volumes, although it con-
tains none of the reports of the commanders
to the War Department, but simply the orders
issued by the commanders. The whole work,
under the resolution as it now stands, would
certainly be not. less than four or five hun-
dred volumes. We ought not to proceed with
such a work. As it now stands, it would
include every telegraphic dispatch that came
over the wires, and all correspondence, not
only the reports of the commanders, but the
report of every subordinate commander to his
superior. _ Most of the members of Congress
to whom it is provided that the book shall be
delivered after it has been published will cer-
tainly be dead before the publication is com-
pleted.
Mr. WILSON. The work is to be a much
larger work, of course, than was supposed at
the time it was ordered. It was ordered two
years ago, and it is much larger than was sup-
posed at the time. The law to which the Sen-
ator has referred authorizes the Secretary of
War to appoint a proper person, but no person
has been appointed. It has been prepared in
the office.
Mr. JOHNSON. Was not Dr. Lieber ap-
pointed ?
Mr. WILSON. No; he was appointed to
take care of the rebel archives and examine
those.
Mr. GRIMES. Under what law?
Mr. JOHNSON. I thought under this law.
Mr. WILSON. I understand Dr. Lieber
has care of the papers that were captured at
Richmond and in the confederate States, and
that there are a large amount of them. I do not
know under what law it is, but he is appointed
and is arranging those papers. The second
section of this resolution is intended to modify
the original act so that a great deal of the mat-
ter may be eliminated and left out. I think,
however, the best disposition we can now make
of the subject is to recommit it, according to
the sense of the Senate, and have the matter
acted on more fully.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. _ Does the
Senator make a motion to recommit?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir.
The motion was agreed to.
house bills referred.
The following bills from the House of Rep-
resentatives were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred as indicated below:
A bill (H. R. No. 466) erecting the Territory
of Montana into a surveying district, and for
other purposes—to the Committee on Public
Lands.
A bill (II. R. No. 616) for the relief of
Lucinda Gates—to the Committee on Pensions.
enrolled bills signed.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House of Representa-
tives had signed the following enrolled joint
resolutions; which were thereupon signed by
the President pro tempore:
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 116) respect-
ing quarantine and health laws; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 74) providing
for the acceptance of a collection of plants
tendered to the United States by Frederick
Pech.
executive session,
Mr. POMEROY. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 233.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration ofexecutive business.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I hope not. The Sen-
ator from Kansas wants to call up a bill that
I think ought to be disposed of.
Mr. RAMSEY. I insist upon my motion.
The motion was agreed to ; and after some
time spent in executive session the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, May 24, 1866.
The House met at twelve o'clock m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
prevention of cholera.
Mr. ELIOT. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to report from the Committee on
Comlnerce a joint resolution (H. R. No. 116)
to prevent the introduction of the cholera into
the ports of the United States, with the amend-
ments of the Senate thereto ; and I ask the
concurrence of the House in the amendments.
No objection was made, and the report was
received, and the amendments of the Senate
were concurred in.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendments were concurred in ;
and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
lying-in hospital.
Mr. WELIvER, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back, from the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, bill of the Senate No. 167,
to incorporate the Women's Hospital Associ-
ation of the District of Columbia, with several
amendments.
The amendments were agreed to. The bill
was then ordered to a third reading ; and it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. WELKER moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The title of the bill was then amended so as
to read, "An act to incorporate the Columbia
Hospital for Women and Lying-in Asylum."
lucinda gates.
Mr. TAYLOR, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions a bill for the relief of Lucinda Gates;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill was read at length. It directs the
Secretary of the Interior to place the name of
Lucinda Gates, widow of the late Horace
Gates, of Franklin, Vermont, on the pension-
roll, at the same rate of pension during her
widowhood, from the death of her husband, as
was allowed her by special act approved July
4, 1861.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. TAYLOR moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that, the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
montana a surveying district.
Mr. STROUSE, by unanimous consent,
reported back from the Committee on Terri-
tories House bill No. 466, erecting^ the Terri-
tory of Montana into a surveying district, and
for other purposes.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. STROUSE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
indiana agricultural college.
On motion of Mr. BIDAVELL, the Commit-
tee on Agriculture was discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of the
trustees of Indiana Agricultural College, ask-
ing a modification of the laws of Congress
donating lands for said college, and the same
was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
agricultural bureau.
Mr. BID WELL, by unanimous consent,
made an adverse report upon a resolution in
regard to the expediency of removing the De-
partment of Agriculture to one of the west-
ern States; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
plants donated by frederick pech.
Mr. BID WELL, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee on Agricul-
ture Senate joint resolution No. 74, providing
for the acceptance of the collection of plants
tendered by Frederick Pech,with a recommen-
dation that the same do pass.
The joint resolution provides for the accept-
ance of the plants, and appropriates $300 to
enable the Commissioner of Agriculture to pro-
cure suitable cases for their protection.
The joint resolution was read the third time
and passed.
Mr. BID WELL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
john moore, deceased.
Mr. MYERS asked and obtained leave to
withdraw from the files of the House the peti-
tion and papers in the case of the representa-
tives of John Moore, deceased.
ireedmen's bureau.
Mr. GARFIELD demanded the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER stated the morning hour
had commenced, and the House resumed the
consideration of House bill No. 613, to continue
in force and amend an act entitled ''An act to
establish a Bureau for the Relief of Freedmen
and Refugees," and for other purposes.
The pending question was upon the motion
of Mr. Eltot to recommit the bill.
Mr. ELIOT. Mr. Speaker, I had substan-
tially concluded yesterday the remarks which
I proposed to make to the House in presenting
this bill for their consideration. And unless
some gentleman upon this or the other side of
the House desires to say something in regard
to it, I will call the previous question.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot] to withdraw his
call for the previous question that I may offer
an amendment.
Mr. ELIOT. I will hear the amendment
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the sixth section of this hill, which
provides that upon the expulsion of these freed-
men from the Sea Islands the Government shall
purchase lands for them at a rate not to exceed
twenty-five dollars an acre. Now, that is more
than I think the Government can well afford to
do down there, when tve own the lands there,
forfeited under the act of 1862. This land has
already been taken possession of, and I deny
that there is power in any officer of the Gov-
ernment to restore it to its former rebel own-
ers. I therefore desire to amend this section
by striking out all after the words '"the Com-
missioner shall," and inserting the words "re-
fuse to surrender the same to them, they being
forfeited to the United States by the former
belligerent owners, and duly allotted to the
freedmen.''
Mr. ELIOT. I cannot yield fur that amend-
ment, and I will state why. If it be correct in
point of law, as my friend from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevens] supposes, that the lands which
have been assigned to these freedmen under
General Sherman's order have been so forfeited
that they now belong to the United States, then
there will be power, without purchasing any
lands under this section, to allot to the freed-
men such of these lands as may be needed. If,
on the other hand, there shall appear that the
law is not as my friend supposes, unless this
