1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ml
Laws of the United States.
39th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
of in like manner to such persons as had
acquired lands agreeably to the said order of
General Sherman, but who have been dis-
possessed by the restoration of the same to
former owners: Provided, That the lands sold
in compliance with the provisions of this and
the preceding section shall not be alienated
by tlieir purchasers within six years from and
after the passage of this act.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the
" school farms " in the parish of Saint Helena,
South Carolina, shall be sold, subject to any
leases of the same, by the said tax commis-
sioners, at public auction, on or before the first
day of January, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven, at not less than ten dollars per acre;
and the lots in the city of Port Royal, as laid
down by the said tax commissioners, and the
lots and houses in the town of Beaufort, which
arc still held in like manner, shall be sold at
public auction ; and the proceeds of said sales,
after paying expenses of the surveys and sales,
shall be invested in United States bonds, the
interest of which shall be appropriated, under
the direction of the Commissioner, to the sup-
port of schools, without distinction of color or
race, on the islands in the parishes of Saint
Helena and Saint Luke.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the
assistant commissioners for South Carolina and
Georgia are hereby authorized to examine all
claims to lands in their respective States which
are claimed under the provisions of General
Sherman's special field order, and to give each
person having a valid claim a warrant upon the
direct tax commissioners for South Carolina
for twenty acres of land; and the said direct
tax commissioners shall issue to every person,
or to his or her heirs, hut in no case to any
assigns, presenting such warrant, a lease of
twenty acres of land, as provided for in section
seven, for the term of six years; but at any
time thereafter, upon the payment of a sum
not exceeding one dollar and fifty cents pet-
acre, the person holding such lease shall be
entitled to a certificate of sale of said tract of
twenty acres from the direct tax commissioner
or such officer as may be authorized to issue
the same; but no warrant shall be held valid
longer than two years after the issue of the
same.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That the
direct tax commissioners for South Carolina
are hereby authorized and required at the ear-
liest day practicable to surve}' the lands desig-
nated in section seven into lots of twenty acres
each, with proper metes and bounds distinctly
marked, so that the several tracts shall be con-
venient in form, and as near as practicable have
an average of fertility and woodland; and the
expense of such surveys shall be paid from the
proceeds of sales of said lands, or, if sooner
required, out of any moneys received for other
lands on these islands, sold by the United States
for taxes, and now in the hands of the direct
tax commissioners.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That res-
toration of lands occupied by freedmen under
General Sherman's field order dated at Savan-
nah, Georgia, January sixteenth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-five, shall not be made until after
the crops of the present year shall have been
gathered by the occupants of said lands, nor
until a fair compensation shall have been made
to them by the former owners of such lands,
or their legal representatives, for all improve-
ments or betterments erected or constructed
thereon, and after due notice of the same being
done shall have been given by the assistant
commissioner.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That the
Commissioner shall have power to seize, hold,
use, lease, or sell all buildings and tenements,
and any lands appertaining to the same, or
otherwise, formerly held under color of title
by the late so-called confederate States, and
not heretofore disposed of by the United States,
and any buildings or lands held in trust for the
same by any person or persons, and to use the
same or appropriate the proceeds derived there-
from to the education of the freed people; and
whenever the bureau shall cease to exist, such
of said so-called confederate States as shall have
made provision for the education of their citi-
zens without distinction of color shall receive
the sum remaining unexpended of such sales
or rentals, which shall be distributed among
said States for educational purposes in propor-
tion to their population.
Sec. 13. Andbeit further enacted, That the
Commissioner of this bureau shall at all times
cooperate with private benevolent associa-
tions of citizens in aid of freedmen, and with
agents and teachers, duly accredited and ap-
pointed by them, and shall hire or provide by
lease buildings for purposes of education when-
ever such associations shall, without cost to
the Government, provide suitable teachers and
means of instruction; and lie shall furnish such
protection as may be required for the safe con-
duct of such schools.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That in
every State or district where the ordinary course
of judicial proceedings has been interrupted by
the rebellion, and until the same shall be fully
restored, and in every State or district whose
constitutional relations to the Government have
been practically discontinued by the rebellion,
and until such State shall have been restored
in such relations, and shall be duly represented
in the Congress of the United States, the right
to make and enforce contracts, to sue, be par-
ties, and give evidence, to inherit, purchase,
lease, sell, hold, and convey real and personal
property, and to have full and equal benefit of
all laws and proceedings concerning personal
liberty, personal security, and the acquisition,
enjoyment, and disposition of estate, real and
personal, including the constitutional right to
bear arms, shall be secured to and enjoyed by
all the citizens of such State or district without
respect to race or color, or previous condition
of slavery. And whenever in either of said
States or districts the ordinary course of judi-
cial proceedings has been interrupted^ by the
rebellion, and until the same shall be fully re-
stored, and until such State shall have been
restored in its constitutional relations to the
Government, and shall be duly represented in
the Congress of the United States, the Presi-
dent shall, through the Commissioner and the
officers of the bureau, and under such rules and
regulations as the President, through the Sec-
retary of War, shall prescribe, extend military
protection and have military jurisdiction over
all cases and questions concerning the free en-
joyment of such immunities and rights, and no
penalty or punishment for any violation of law
shall be imposed or permitted because of race
or color, or previous condition of slavery, other
or greater than the penalty or punishment to
which white persons may be liable by law for
the like offense. But the jurisdiction conferred
by this section upon the officers of the bureau
shall not exist in any State where the ordinary
course of judicial proceedings has not been in-
terrupted by the rebellion, and shall cease in
every State when the courts of the State and
the United States are not disturbed in the
peaceable course of justice, and after such
State shall be fully restored in its constitu-
tional relations to the Government, and shall
be duly represented in the Congress of the
United States.
Sec. 15. Andbeit further enacted, That all
officers, agents, and employes of this bureau,
before entering upon the duties of their office
shall take the oath prescribed in the first sec-
tion of the act to which this is an amendment;
and all acts or parts of acts inconsistent with
the provisions of this act arc hereby repealed.
SCHUYLER COLFAX,
Speaker oj' the House of Representatives.
LA FAYETTE S. FOSTER,
President of the Senate pro tempore.
In the House oi1 Representatives,
United States, July 1G, 1866.
The President of the United States having
returned to the House of Representatives, in
which it originated, the bill entitled "An act
to continue in force and to amend 'An act to
establish a Bureau for the Relief of Freedmen
and Refugees,' and for otherpurposes," with
his objections thereto, the House of Repre-
sentatives proceeded, in pursuance of the Con-
stitution," to reconsider the same; and
Resolved, That the said bill pass, two thirds
of the House of Representatives agreeing to
pass the same.
Attest: EWD. McPHERSON,
Cleric II. Reps., U. S.
In the Senate of the United States,
July 1G, 1866.
The Senate having proceeded, in pursuance
of the Constitution, to reconsider the bill en-
titled "An act to continue in force and to amend
'An act to establish a Bureau for the Relief of
Freedmen and Refugees,' and for other pur-
poses," returned to the House of Representa-
tives by the President of the United States,
with his objections, and sent by the House of
Representatives to the Senate with the message
of the President returning the bill;
Resolved, That the bill do pass, two thirds
of the Senate agreeing to pass the same.
Attest: J. W. FORNEY,
Secretary of the Senate, U. S.
Chap. CCI.—An Act further to prevent Smug-
gling and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That, for the purposes of
this act, the term "vessel," whenever herein-
after used, shall be held to include every de-
scription of water-craft, raft, vehicle, and con-
trivance used or capable of being used as a
means or auxiliary of transportation on or by
water; and the term "vehicle," whenever
hereinafter used, shall be held to include every
description of carriage, wagon, engine, car,
sleigh, sle'd, sledge, hurdle, cart, and other
artificial contrivance, used or capable of being
used as a means or auxiliary of transportation
on land.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That it
shall be lawful for any officer of the customs,
including inspectors and occasional inspect-
or's, or of a revenue-cutter, or authorized agent
of the Treasury Department, or other person
specially appointed for the purpose in writing
by a collector, naval officer, or surveyor of the
customs, to go on board of any vessel, as well
without as within his district, and to inspect,
search, and examine the same, and any per-
son, trunk, or envelope on board, and to this
end, to hail and stop such vessel if under way,
and to use all necessary force to compel com-
pliance ; and if it shall appear that any breach
or violation of the laws of the United States
has been committed, whereby or in conse-
quence of which, such vessel, or the goods,
wares, and merchandise, or any part thereof,
on board of or imported by such vessel, is or
are liable to forfeiture, to make seizure of the
same, or eit.her or any part thereof, and to
arrest, or in case of escape, or any attempt to
escape, to pursue and arrest any person en-
gaged in such breach or violation: Provided,
That the original appointment in writing'of
any person specially appointed as aforesaid
shall be filed in the custom-house where such
appointment is made.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, 1 hat any
of the officers or persons authorized by the
second section of this act to board or search
vessels may stop, search, and examine, as well
without as within their respective districts, any
vehicle, beast, or person on which or whom he
or they shall suspect there arc goods, wares,
or merchandise whicb. are subject to duty or
