1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
fgf
sacred reverence its glorious memories, and treasure
in our heart of hearts those * few in Sardis "who did
not defile their garments,' those noble breed of men
and women who showed most true metal the greater
tbe sacrifices they were called upon to make, and who
to the last gave an unreserved allegiance to their
country, drinking
"' Love in each life-drop that flowed from her breast,'
we, bitter rebels as we have been, can give the char-
ity of silence to
'"The slave
Whose treason like a deadly blight
Crept o'er the councils of the brave
To blast them in their hour of might.'
" Tes, we can give him or her the charity of silence.
If he sees fit to live in and seek a competence in the
land he has betrayed, why let him eat the bitter bread
of remorse in peace, and be assured that if a single
element of a man remains within him, that bread will
indeed be bitter."
Tennessee loyalists begging to have the mili-
tary retained for the protection of loyal men,
and saying that the rebels there are as cruel,
malignant, and insolent as ever! This is in-
dorsed by their Governor, the dauntless Brown-
low. What do you think of reconstructed
Tennessee?
Five hundred loyalists from the mountain
fastnesses of Alabama say the same of that State.
• "They talk of insurrectionary violence yet in
Alabama," says Major General Swayne.
The New Era, a loyal paper, published in
Arkansas, sums up the whole situation thus:
' 'Arkansas, as she stands before tbe country now, can
never be admitted upon afootingof equality with the
loyal States, and we fervently trust never will until
loyalty shall be supreme in the State. Arkansas is no
worse than other insurrectionary States; on the con-
trary, she contains a considerable loyal elemen t of the
conservative stripe. But that element is even now in
danger, if it has not already done so, of losing the
prestige it so far possessed. Certain it is that when
once admitted on the floor of Congress, and the mili-
tary protection of theUnited States removed, the late
disloyal clement, which is as much opposed to repub-
lican principles as ever, and vastly superior to the
loyal element, not only ill numbers but brains, organ-
ization, wealth, and everything to make a party suc-
cessful, will make short work of the present State
government, laws, and ordinances.
"'Eternal vigilance is the priee of liberty;' the
rebels are seeking to gain by the ballot what they could
not gain bv the bullet. Congress alone stands between
the reestablishment of the power of the old slave oli-
garchy and the triumph of republican and radical
Union principles.
"God grant that Congress remain firm and not aban-
don the principles lor the especial vindication of
which the Almighty seems to have raised up this
nation."
This is but a type of the whole.
General Grant is sometimes cited as an au-
thority to show that the South is pacified, trust-
worthy, and loyal. If so he has a queer way of
showing it. See what he says in answer to an
application from Governor Parsons, of Ala-
bama, for withdrawing the military from that
State:
" For the present, and until th ere is full security for
equitably maintaining the rights and safety of all
classes of citizens in the States lately in rebellion, T
would not recommend the withdrawal of the United
States troops fioni thence. The number of interior
garrisons might be reduced, but a movable force suf-
ficient to insure tranquillity should be retained. While
such a force is retained in the South I doubt the pro-
priety of putting arms in the hands of the militia."
And I might multiply these terrible proofs to
any extent. Do you need any more evidence
that the "leopard has not changed his spots?"
If so, peruse carefully the official report of
General Carl Schurz. He found no loyalty
there, only bold, defiant treason.
In not a single southern State have they done
justice by the freedmen. In not one have they
passed just and equitable laws that will protect
him in his rights. The courts are rebel, jurors
rebel) Legislatures rebel; the men who fought
our flag boast of scars won in behalf of treason as
honorable, and receive in reward office, honor,
and profit. They do not disguise their hate for
Union men ; who are excluded from all those
honors and privileges because of their loyalty.
Freedom of speech, as of old, is a mockery. In
the name of God, is such a people entitled to
representation on this floor ? Are you ready to
receive them back now, to make laws for the
widow whose husband they have slain ; for the
orphan whose sire they have murdered; for the
maimed and helpless soldier whom they have
robbed of arms or legs or eyes, and left him to
out a miserable life ? Is he to be a pen-
sioner upon their bounty? Are you ready now
to leave without protection the loyal men of the
South both white and black, and hand over the
whole power of your Government in those States
to their enemies and oppressors? Who are
these loyal white men of the South? They who
fled to the mountains and the caves; who wor-
shiped the old flag, though it trailed in the
dust, with more than eastern idolatry; who
suffered loss of home, family, property, all but
death itself, for their country.
And the four million black men who were the
slaves and under the control of the rebels, who
were away from the Union lines and its pro-
tection, who only knew God because they saw
Him in the stars and heard Him in the winds—
for the Bible to them was a forbidden book—
they who had only known the flag from the stripes
it gave them and the Union from the'chains it
bound them with; they who from the first sent
their morning and evening prayers to Heaven
that the nation might live, who furnished our
soldiers flying from captivity and death with
guide and shelter, food and fire, while the mas-
ter let slip bloodhounds on the fugitive's track;
who of the four millions betrayed a loyal man ?
Not one who but exposed the traitor master.
This faithfulness on the part of those poor,
simple, ignorant men is to my mind one of the
grandest phases that the war has developed.
How strange the contrast between the slave
is his chains and the master who had been pam-
pered by the Government. The former kissed
and upheld the rod that had smitten him, the
latter smote the hand that had fed him. And
yet we are asked at this time to consign these
loyal men, both white and black, to the mercy,
as I have said, of these rebels and enemies.
I am free to say, Mr. Speaker, that if such
is to be the policy of this Government it is
recreant to its high duty ; it is unworthy of
all the blood shed and treasure expended in its
cause; it deserves to perish in its ingratitude
and be blotted from the face of the earth.
We are told, sir, that they have ratified the
constitutional amendment abolishing slavery.
Ay, so they have ; but their courts have sold
the freedmen into slavery the next day under
some pretense of punishing liim for vagrancy
or something else equally absurd.
You say that they have repudiated the rebel
debt. Indeed they have, in form; but how long
do you suppose it will be after they get their
members back into Congress before they will-
repeal all such legislation? They will have the
power to do so ; do you doubt their will ? Have
they done another thing more important; have
they given us any assurance that they in con-
junction with their obsequious northern allies
will not repudiate the national debt, which they
say was incurred in their subjugation ?
You say that they have given the colored
man a standing in court. Ay, so had Robert
Emmett before his English murderers! So had
the early martyrs in councils convened to take
their lives! So had Jesus of Nazareth in the
court of Pilate! A standing in court, with, as
I have said, hostile judges, jurors, witnesses,
church and state all hostile. Such a standing
in court is mockery ; it is worse, it is insult.
But we are told that these are "honorable
men," and will live up to the oaths they have
taken. "Honorable men'' who butchered help-
less women and crushed out the brains of little
children at Lawrence, who murdered in cold
blood prisoners of war at FortPillow, who stood
by with infernal malice and saw the flesh shrink
month by month, week by week, day by day
from the bones of thirty thousand as brave and
noble men as ever went forth to save a nation,
until their strong frames tottered, their eyes
grew dim, and suffering all the tortures of the
damned, gnashed their teeth and wailed for
food until the mind went wandering back to
home and wife, mother and child, and they
called on saered names and laughed the ma-
niac's laugh, and then moaned and cried for
bread, and died for want of food. In this land
of plenty, in the land they had gone to save, on
the slimy couch where vermin crawled, tram-
pled into the wet earth or over the "dead
line," in tatters,in rags, in awful stench and
filth, with dead men in heaps around them, they
died, and Robert E. Lee and Jefferson Davis,
and all the rest of these "honorable men,"
stood by upholding the hellish deed. God save
the nation from such "honorable menl"
"But what would you do?" says the impa-
tient inquirer. '' Are you not weary of war and
blood? Are you not for peace and Union?"
I am for peace and Union—that peace which
will be lasting, that Union which will be just:
for the fearful lesson of the last four years will
be lost upon us if we have reconstruction with-
out justice—justice to the loyal men, justice to
the freedmen. We tolerated injustice to a race
until it was wiped out by the blood of a million
men. Let us reconstruct now upon solid foun-
dations. We have the power and the right,
and it is our highest duty to do so. We should
convict and hang for treason the leaders of the
rebellion, that all ambitious demagogues here-
after shall be' admonished that '"treason is a
crime'' to be punished. Justice, by constitu-
tional amendment fixed beyond the mutations
of southern legislation, would give to every
class and race of men in those States equality
before the law, and all the power and fran-
chises necessary to secure that equality. Jus-
tice and a due regard to our national safety
would take the government of those States from
the hands of our country's enemies and place
it in the hands of its friends ; and if special
legislation is needed to create for ti a future, as
in the past, territorial governments for them
to secure those ends, let it be done. And let
not any indecent haste to strike hands that are
red with onr brothers' blood and put on gar-
ments that are reeking with the odors of rebel
prison pens throw away the opportunity to en-
force justice. Take all the needed time to
settle these grave issues upon the eternal prin-
ciples of right, build up the new structure on
the rock of justice and equality, so that the
waves of war and sedition may dash against it
unharmed through all the ages that are to come.
We are the judges, I have said, of the condi-
tions of their return to power.
Congress, the loyal Congress, is to decide
who shall take seats here. Loyal men, I am
told, have come here as representatives from
some of those States ; as such men I take them
by the hand. But I would ask them, do you
represent a loyal constituency? It is the con-
stituency we are rejecting, not the man. I
would ask them what guarantee they can give,
that when their brief term here is ended, that
men in sympathy with their rebellious districts,
who can swear hard enough to take the oath,
(for they are a nation of oath-takers and oath-
breakers,) will not succeed them. They should
remember that they were elected while the war
was still raging, while these rebel constituents
were in the field ; now they have returned to
vote at the next election, do they expect a re-
election from their hands ? Can they assure me
that they were not put forward for the present
by design, to use their loyalty to edge their dis-
tricts into Congress, and then to be laid aside
(as Governor Holden of North Carolina was)
as a cast-off mask when the object is accom-
plished? Suppose we let them in now, what
excuse can we give, having established this pre-
cedent, for excluding others?
I will yield to none in my regard for the
Union men of the South, but I can do nothing
to jeopardize the great question of the time. 1
cannot sacrifice principle in my partiality for
men. Congressmen and Presidents are but the
objects of the day—
"That strut and fret their hour upon the stage.
And then are heard no more."
They pass away and are forgotten: but our
acts here on these great questions will live for-
ever, for the weal or woe of the Republic. We
must make no mistakes, but build the edifice
slowly and surely. And when the justice we
have demanded is secured, the guarantees we
ask for are given, and a returning Union senti-
ment is apparent, then we would lift no longer
the veil of horrors, but consign to Heaven,
that rights all wrongs, the guilty of our "mis-
