784
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
guided countrymenand united with the South
we would seek to lift it up to a purer patriot-
ism and to the level of the olden time, when
together we fought the common foe, cherished
common glories and traditions, and l-ppoaed
beneath the folds of a common flag. And then
our eouuntry will march on to its imperial des-
tiny, the greatest and the best of all the nations
of the earth.
Mr. DELANO next addressed the House.
During his remarks his hour expired.
On motion of Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, the
time of Mr. Delano was extended.
The SPEAKER. It was the understanding
of the House on yesterday that there would
be time for three speeches to-day by three
o'clock. If there be no objection, the Chair
will consider it proper to allow three speeches
to be made, even should it extend the session
till after three o'clock.
No objection was made.
Mr. DELANO then concluded his remarks,
which will be published in the Appendix.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, nearly two
years ago, and while the war was flagrant,
I felt it my duty as a member of this body to
look into the question of the relations that had
been produced by it, the privileges that had
been forfeited on the one hand, and the rights
and powers that had been acquired on the other,
with a view to the readjustmentof the whole ma-
chine by the restoration of those parts that had
been sundered from it by the disturbance. With
some, the infirm of faith, the inquiry was thought
to be premature. This, however, was not the
judgment of the last Congress. It passed a bill
which did not meet the approval of the Execu-
tive because it interfered with a plan of his own
that had not proved acceptable to it. and the j
question was adjourned without advice from
that body, and in such a way as to leave the
field open for experiments with which it was
not in a condition to interfere.
The people are here again in the persons of
their representatives who are the law-making
power of the nation, not on invitation but by
const) tutional mandate, toinquire what has been
attempted, and to decide for themselves what
shall be done with the Territories that have been
conquered by their arms. It is agreed on all
hands that they shali be eventually readmitted
as members of the common family. It is not
pretended by anybody that tliey can resume
their places here of their own mere volition and
without any consent of ours. It is not insisted,
I think, by any well-read statesman, that our
power to exclude depends only on our right to
determine upon the qualifications of our own
members, it is confessed that there is an or-
ganic. lesion that forbids their return, and can
only be supplied by a new organization which
no act of spontaneous generation can produce.
It will scarcely be contended now, 1 suppose,
as it was by an eccentric committee of the last
House, that our victory was crowned only with
a lapse of sovereignty, or that the jurisdiction
to restore a lost member is anywhere but here.
1 shall be excused, of course, for returning to
this subject under circumstances that not only
invite but compel its discussion. If it was not
proper for Congress to prescribe in advance the
law that was to govern this question in the last
resort, at all events, while other agencies, mis-
taking perhaps its backwardness for an abdi-
cation of its rightful powers, were industriously
employed in forestalling its own action, it is no
longer possible, in view of what has occurred
sincle the last adjournment, and of the forces
that have been mustered to overbear our delib-
erations here, to avoid a conflict that has been
so long foreshadowed.
To determine this great question, the great-
"est by (ar that has ever challenged the deliber- ■
atious of an A.merican Congress, it is important j
to_ inquire, in the first place, what is the posture !
of these 1 evritoriesasit lias been affected by the :
progress and results of the war, which has just
been determined by their enforced submission
to thcauthoritv of the nation?
So far, at least, as armed resistance is con-
cerned, it may be assumed that the war is at an
end. The deluded communities that have so
wantonly insulted this Government and defied
its power now lie conquered, and helpless, and
in social ruin at our feet, deprived, by their own
act—I will not say, in the language of the proc-
lamations that have been addressed to them, of
"all civil government whatever," but certainly
of all the organism that was essential t<j the
maintenance of their old relations to the Union.
To claim any more than this would be to as-
sume a condition of anarchy where there is
still a " supreme law" under the Constitution,
and where, even in the absence of such a rule,
the territory reclaimed mast necessarily pass
under the jurisdiction and law of the conqueror.
Taking it, however, to be true, as stated, then,
by necessary inference, the civil law of the
Union is dethroned, and its military power is
all thv remains to hold these States in subjec-
tion to our authority. In point of fact, we do
so hold them now, except so far as they have
been surrendered to the enemy, without other
law than our own sovereign will. The supreme
executive functionary of this nation, who, by
virtue of his office, is the Commander-in-Chief
of its armies, feeling that they were not in a
condition to be trusted to themselves, instead
of sheathing the sword, convolving the repre-
sentatives of the people, advising them that
these provinces were tranquillized, and submit-
ting to them, as the law-making power, the
grave question, what is to be done with them'?
has preferred to await the usual period of our
assemblage, and appointed his lieutenants and
proconsuls to govern them in the meanwhile
with the aid of armies, and the terrors of that
arbitrary code which is known by the name of
martial law. We are hero now, however, and
it becomes our first duty to relieve that officer
from this unusual and inajjpropriate task, and
to furnish some security to the conquered peo-
ple by the substitution of another and a gentler
rule.
I would not be understood, however, as ques-
tioning the exercise of a sovereignty like this,
so long as it was necessitated by the absence of
a legislative power, since that is but a logical
consequence of the position previously main-
tained by me on this floor, that these States had
ceased to be members of the Union, and passed
into the condition of Territories. If they con-
tinued to be States, within the meaning of the
Constitution, the moment the resistance ceased
it would have been the duty of the Executive
to withdraw the armies, and they would have at
once resumed their liatvs quo ante,with all their
constitutional rights and privileges unimpaired.
If they were still States, all that has been done
since, even though the power of Congress had
been invoked to authorize it, would have been
the clearest of usurpations. Taking tliem, how-
ever, to have been deprived," in the language
of the proclamations, i;of all civil government
whatever," it was but a legitimate inference of
the Executive that they had not only forfeited
their elective franchise, and lost their property
in slaves, but placed themselves in a condition
where they were no longer entitled even to the
benefit of the constitutional guarantee without a
new birth. The idea of any State, except that
of nature, without any " civil governmentwhat-
ever," is as incomprehensible to me as that of
a State being in the Union, or indeed any-
where, that is admitted to have 110 existence
whatever.
No more would I be inclined to quarrel with
those who, starting from these premises, are
still disposed to insist that these States were
never out. The difference is perhaps only the
result of a want of precision in the use of terms,
or a diversity of opinion in regard to their mean-
ing. Mr. Burke lias furnishedus with a distinc-
tion hero that, meets the case precisely. " The
word State," he remarks in his letter to Sir Her-
cules Langfishe. on the subject of the extension
of the elective franchise to the Irish Catlwlics.
" is one of much ambiguity. Sometimes it is
used to signify the whole commonwealth, com-
prehending all its orders, with the several priv-
ileges belonging to each. Sometimes it signi-
fies only the higher, and ruling part of the com-
monwealth, which is commonly called the gov-
ernment." In the former of these senses, it is
not to be doubted that these communities still
exist, and are in the Union, or of the Union,
because their territories belong to it, and their
people owe it allegiance. In the latter, how-
ever—and that is the one that connects them
with our political system, as the proclamations
concede—they are admitted by the same proc-
lamations to have been destroyed, and can, of
course, be nowhere. And this will be found to
reconcile the apparent contradiction between
the language of the proclajnations and the ac-
cordant practice of the Government on the one
hand, and the theory of those who are sup-
posed to speak its opinions, and infer from
some unhappy phraseology of the former, as
well as'from the more recent utterances of the
message, the repugnant idea that there was a
constitution of government left existing amid
the general wreck, in a case where it had been
previously declared in terms that there was
'' no civil government whatever.''
There can be no real dispute, therefore, be-
tween the Executive and his northern friends
as to the posture of these dilapidated members.
Their entire treatment by him shows that they
have only been regarded practically as con-
quered provinces. I deprecate, however, the
encouragement that has been given to the ene-
mies of the Government by the promulgation of
the fallacious doctrine which has found so ready
a currency among the disaffected of the North,
and has proved so welcome to the unrepentant
rebels of the South, that these disorganized
States have never ceased to be members of the
Federal Union. That is the present theory of
every traitor, North or South, who has been in-
sisting for four long years of war on the right, as
well as the fact of secession. With strong as-
surances of pardon, they can well afford to risk
the consecpiences of treason by repudiating the
belligerency upon which they have heretofore
claimed immunity for their crime, if it will re-
store them to their original rights, and serve
them as an argument against the legality of the
proclamation that has stripped them of their
property in slaves. Grant them the postulate
that all their acts of secession were not a fact,
but a nullity—that the crime which they com-
mitted was impossible, because it was forbid-
den—and if they cannot invalidate the war and
the debt that was made by it, they will at least
stagger your courts with the question, by what
authority under the Constitution you have pre-
sumed to deprive the people of a State within
the Union, by proclamation and without judg-
ment of law, of any of their franchises or prop-
erty. They will admit it now as an incident of
the war—if there was a war, or could be where
there was no secession, and therefore no belli-
gerent—so far as the thing was consummated by
an actual seizure, just as they are now ready to
confess that the right, of secession has been dis-
proved by the logic of the sword, which means
i only by their present inability to maintain it by
j that argument, while their northern brethren
I still assert the very heresy upon which it icsls.
But once in, they will take you at your woid,
and insist that all your intermediate acts were
nullities as well as theirs.
Agreeing, however, as we all do, that these
States, without any local law or governments of
their own, have passed under the law of t he con-
queror—and the attempt, to reorganize them by
Federal authority is an admission of it—the next
question, into the discussion of which we are
now prematurely hurried, is not how they are
to be governed until they shall be in a condi-
tion to return—because that seems to have been
assumed to be no business of ours—but whether
that, condition has been reached, and what, are
to be the agencies and terms through and upon
which this consummation is to be effected.
If there be any one question that more than
another falls within the exclusive cognizance
of the people of the loyal States, and deserves
and demands the thoughtful consideration of
their Representatives, it is just this. Eleven ot
the columnar supports of our political edifice
are now lying around us, like the giant columns
