1848
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
would not be very much for his interest, as the
financial officer of the Treasury, or for the
interest of the country, to run down his own
securities by Hooding the country with them
unwisely and at low prices. It is not to be
presumed that; he would do that. In the next
place thc^argument of the Senator supposes
(because it is the only way he can accomplish
it) that he will force into the market immense
amounts of these bonds, thus diminishing the
value of the securities that are already out,
running our securities down for the sake of
accumulating a large amount of greenbacks,
and holding those greenbacks against the will
of Congress and against the interests of the
country in the Treasury, and directly in the face
of this act as to what he is to retire.
Is that supposable? It is the only way he
can do it; here the act of Congress says you
may exchange for anything yon please, but so
far as these greenbacks are concerned you shall
not rctireover ten millions of ihem in the next
six months and only four millions a month after-
ward for a given length of time; but the Sen-
ator points to what he can do, and argues that
he will use the power he possesses in that way.
It would be contrary to all common sense and
the ordinary dealing of men; atfcl it is not to
be supposed that he would so act. The argu-
ment supposes the Secretary is so bent on get-
ting non-interest-bearing obligations out of the
market before he gets interest-bearing obliga-
tions out of the market, that he will dispose of
large amounts of our bonds below par, lessen
the market value of them as they stand, reduce
their credit and the credit of the Government,
for the sake of piling up in the Treasury mil-
lions and hundreds of millions of greenbacks
against the will of Congress, over and above
the amount which he is authorized to retire,
for he cannot cancel them, as the Senator says
lie has no authority to cancel them.
Now, sir, it is to be supposed that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury is a tolerably honest
man, and it is to be supposed that he is a tol-
erably sensible man. My own opinion is that
he is a very honest man and a very sensible
man. and understands what he is about. What
would be accomplished by overthrowing 1he
business of the country and destroying it, if
such would be the effect? In the first place by
destroying business he would cut off all the
resources of internal revenue, because people
cannot afford to do business that breaks them
up. In the next place he takes out of the hands
of (lie (ax payers a currency by which alone
they are able tomect the obligation upon them
to pay taxes. And thus. in order to carry out
the lavorite idea, according to the Senator, lie
may, and if the argument means anything lie
probably will,_ forget all that, and do precisely
the thing which it is not intended he should
do, and whieli it is against the interest of the
country, and his own interest as the manager
of the Treasury, to do.
I suppose no such thing, and I do deem, it
wise to trust him with this power, in the first
place because ho would not exercise it in the
manner supposed if he could, and in the next
place because between this time and the meet-
ing of Congress at the next session he can do
at best but very little. I do not believe he will
retire a dollar. He must have a certain amount
of money on hand. There is very much yet to
be settled up. He does not know, you do not
know, nobody can tell what the business of this
country is to require. A short time a"-o an
attempt was made to frighten us very much by
the immense importations that were going on,
which were to destroy the country unless we
did something immediately. Now, the impor-
tations are down, so much so that the revenue
is failing off largely. We cannot tell what the
changes of business may produce, and even at
this time, notwithstanding it is a time of peace,
and notwithstanding the fair appearance of
everything with regard to our revenue, a revul-
sion in trade, which is to be avoided if possi-
ble, may occasion to us most severe embarass-
mentswitk the large pressure which is upon us.
Tne Secretary of the Treasury, in this transi-
tion state, when it is necessary to make pro-
vision for the future, and especially with regard
to these matters of currency, must necessarily
have a pretty wide and broad discretion over
it. He should be limited if you think he has
incorrect ideas, but 1 should be very sorry to
base an argument upon the supposition that he
will unnecessarily do that which the act in-
tended he should not do, and which it is con-
trary to his manifest duty in the management
of the Treasury and in the management of the
affairs of the country, so far as depends on him.
I would give this power, more than all else,
for the simple reason that while it can do no
harm, I should regard it as a severe calamity to
recognize the idea that the present state of
things with regard to the currency is to become
permanent, and that must be the result unless
ids policy—I begin to hate the word "policy"
in any shape or form ; it is a very odious word
—but unless his policy is to be recognized as a
general principle as the true policy of the Gov-
ernment in this respect. There is really so lit-
tle in the bill itself, that it is really impossible
to talk about it to any length. It shows itself
to every man's mind. I consider that the evils
that my friend alludes to are purely imaginary,
rather the result of an excited feeling occa-
sioned by the flame that has been kindled in
the country by this talk about the danger of
destroying business, and creating pecuniary
embarrassment, than anything else. I hope
the bill will pass.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, during
the continuance of the rebellion, when we had
a million men in the field, and were spending
seven or eight hundred million dollars a year, it
was necessaiy to confer extraordinary powers
upon the Secretary of the Treasury. 2rIoney
we must have; without money we must give
up our Government; and we did confer ex-
traordinary powers upon the Secretary of the
Treasury. We did right becauae the life of
the nation was at stake. But, sir, now that
the rebellion is ended, I am unwilling to renew
those extraordinary powers that wo were com-
pelled to grant to him during its continuance.
Under the act of March 3, 1865, which is
continued by this bill, the Secretary has power
to issue any class of bonds he sees fit, the inter-
est not to exceed six per cent, in coin, and the
time not to exceed forty years. From the
breaking out of the rebellion it was the policy
of Congress not to issue long interest-bearing
high-rate bonds. I believe the Senator from
Maine himself advocated the five-twenty bonds.
: Those five-twenty bonds proved a success. We
I have ascertained that we can run the Govern-
| ment on live-twenty bonds. They have never
i failed us. Now, why at this late day will you
put it in the power of any man or set of men
to issue long high-rate interest-paying bonds,
forty-year bonds? English three per cents are
to-day worth 88, and assuming that the credit
of this Government is as good as that of Great
Britain—and no man doubts it—that would
make our forty-year six per cent, bonds to-day
worth 17G.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There has never been
a forty-year bond bearing six per cent, issued.
Mr. CHANDLER. But you give the power.
Why give the power ? I admit that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury is able and honest; but
! you have no assurance that he will live three
years or one year. You have no assurance
who his successor will be, cither. You pre-
sume that he will be a good man. But allow-
ing that he is honest; all financiers are not
honest. You take a New \ork uring" of
brokers, and they have generally been smart
enough to accomplish their purpose, and they
would even convince a Secretary of the Treas-
ury that it was for his interest honestly to do
what would be greatly against the real interests
of the Government. I want to limit him to
the issuing of six per cent, bonds for not over
five years. In no^ event would I permit him to
issue a bond bearing six per cent, interest at
over fi ve years; in other words, I am for five-
twenties.
We have of five per cent, bonds, ten-forties,
$198,000,000. Those are out of the way, bear-
ing five per cent, interest for forty years. That
cannot be changed except at the will of the
Government. True, if we can borrow money
at the end of ten years at four per cent., you
at your own option can pay them off; but ex-
cept at your option they stand for forty years.
You have of six per cent, bonds of 1881
$283,715,000. Those are certainly out of the
way for fifteen years. Why grant the Secre-
tary the power to (ake those, np? He cannot
take them up of his own will without paying
the market price. Why authorize him to go
in and pay a premium for those bonds that
are fixed, located for fifteen years? Then
you have of six per cent, five-twenty bonds
8079,000,000. These are placed for twenty
years except at the option of the Government.
If we can borrow money at less than six per
cent., we shall of course go into the market,
negotiate a loan, and pay off the five-twenties
at the end of five years; but if we cannot, they
are fixed for twenty years. Why grant author-
ity to change that loan?
Mr. President, 1 should like a little further
time to examine this bill; but it strikes me as
being evil, and only evil; as containing powers,
dangerous powers, that no man would be willing
to accept. Certainly, if I were Secretary of the
Treasury, I should not be willing to accept the
powers contained in this bill. You absolutely
authorize him to do what he pleases with the
$2,700,000,000 of the public debt. H^can step
into the market to-morrow, under this bill, and
say, I want to borrow $] ,000,000,000 on forty-
year six per cent, bonds,'' and a "ring" in New
York may say to him, "We will give you 110
or 120 for forty year six per cent, bonds, with
the assurance that no more of that kind of
bonds will be issued." They might afford to
pay any amount if they had that assurance, for
in comparison with any other Government
securities on earth such bonds are worth more
than 150, provided the credit of the Govern-
ment of the United States is as good as the
credit of Great Britain, or any other European
Government. There is no limit to the amount
of speculation that may be inaugurated and
carried out under the powers contained in the
bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN." It is only to exchange
one species of security for another.
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly, to exchange
one piece of paper for another ; in other words,
the Secretary can take up your five-twenty bonds
and issue forty-year six per cent, bonds in their
place if he sees fit. You give him that power.
Why give it to him? You say he will not ex-
ercise it. I do not know that he will; I hope
he will not; but the Senator, who was once
Secretary of the Treasury, knows that all men
who engage in monetary affairs are not to be
trusted to the fullest extent when their inter-
ests are at stake. If he does not exercise these
powers, why give them to.him? If he does,
they are dangerous.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator is arguing
the bill on a supposition ; he evidently has not
read it. It authorizes the Secretary of the
Treasury to dispose of any species of bonds
authorized by the act of March 5, 1865, how ?
In such manner and at such rates as he may think
advisable.
F or what ?
For lawful money of the United States, or for any
Ireasiu-y notes, certificates of indebtedness, or certifi-
cates of deposit, or other representatives of value
w iic^ ,, ve keen or which may be issued under any
aet oi Congress, the proceeds thereof to bo used only
tor retiring Treasury notes or othcroblisations issued
under any act of Congress; but nothing herein con-
kc construed to authorize any increase
of the public debt.
I presume that undor that authority nobody
would dream of exchanging bonds or securities
of one kind for another unless the latter bonds
were coming due and must be met in someway
or other.
Mr. CHANDLER. Why give him the power?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Because it is neces-
sary in order to meet those veiy things when
they become due; he must have the power.
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend from Michigan
