1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1849
■will allow me to state that the second clause
of this bill unquestionably gives the Secretary
power to dispose of any class of securities de-
scribed there, and the Secietary not only ex-
pects to pay them before they are due but he
is now doing it every day. lie has the power
under- this bill to do it.
Mr. FESSF1NDEN. He has as much as ho
can do to retire those absolutely due.
Mr. SHERMAN. Under the present law
he has the power to make an exchange.
Mr. FTilSSENDEN. He has power to do
that, but he cannot dispose of the bonds. That
is what he wants.
Mr. CHANDLER. While I admit his hon-
esty, fidelity, and integrity, I must say that in
my judgment a man possessing these powers
who was not honest could make more money
than any one individual in these United States
is worth. We have no assurance that he will
live forever, or that he will live one year, and
another man may take his place who will not
be as honest and as capable as he is.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We must take it for
granted that we must have honest men now, in
that oflice especially.
Mr. CHANDLER. I should like to have
this bill lie over until to-moriow.
Mr. FESSEXDEN. I do not see why. It
has been on the (able a fortnight.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have never looked at
it until this morning, and I should like to have
it lie over until to-morrow.
Mr. FESSEXDEN.. We shall have other
matters for to-morrow.
Mr. ANTHONY. It seems to me—if I am
mistaken, those gentleman who have examined
the matter more, and are better qualified to
examine it. can correct me—that we make a
mistake, when we assume a prosperous condi-
tion of our finances from the redundant internal
revenue. A large portion of that revenue is
derived from production, from manufactures
of cotton, wool, leather, iron, rubber, &e., the
excise duty on which is six per cent. All those
articles have within a few weeks fallen in price,
an average, I suppose, of forty percent. The
falling off of the revenue wiil be much more
than forty per cent. The falling oil' in the
excise alone will be forty per cent.; but then
where large incomes were returned from man-
ufacturing districts last year, there will be no
such incomes this year, and probably none at all.
I do not believe that this tailing o!f in the price
is to be made up by increased production, be-
cause the business of almost all the industrial
pursuits is now very far from prosperous, and
many of the mills will stop unless there is a
change in prices. It seems to me we cannot
calculate upon anything like the internal rev-
enue from these sources this year that we had
last year. How far that will be made up from
the increased returns from the duty on spirits,
I cannot pretend to say: but I think the argu-
ment drawn from the present internal revenue
is not a safe one to rely upon as to the future
of our finances.
Mr. 1'ESSENDEN. We cannot calculate
on the duty on spirits, because a great many
distillers are shutting up their distilleries, say-
ing they cannot compete with cheating.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 do not think it is safe
to rely on such large receipts as we have had,
especially if the t xes are to be reduced.
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall detain the Senate
but for a few moments in reply to one or two
observations of the chairman of the Committee
on Finance, and I shall confine myself mainly
to the question of the necessity for this bill. I
think he substantially admitted in his argument
that there was no necessity for it except to
indorse the policy or theory of the Secretary of
the Treasury. In the present condition of our
finances I do not think it wise to advance theo-
ries or to indorse them. Perhaps it was not
wise in the Secretary of the Treasury to be so
open in the announcement beforehand of what
he intended to do, and perhaps it would be just
as unwise for Congress now to indorse that
policy until we see the events that will come
before us.
That this bill is not necessary for maintain-
ing the public credit I think is clearly demon-
strated. It certainly is not necessary to meet
current expenditures. On all hands it is ad-
mitted that our receipts are in advance of our
expenditures, and no possible or probable
deduction will make our receipts fall below
our expenses, so that the bill is not necessary
as a loan bill to enable the Secretary to get
money to carry on. the expenses of the Gov-
ernment. The honorable Senator from Maine
admits substantially that it is not necessary for
other purposes. The only debt that is matur-
ing during the coming year is §62,000,000 of
certificates of indebtedness. The balance now
on hand, as reported and shown by the Treas-
ury books, is SI 20,000,000; but the actual bal-
ance on hand is some twenty or thirty millions
more than the reported balance, growing out
of the mannerin which the books of the Treas-
ury are kept.
A draft is drawn here on the Treasurer at
New York, and it is immediately put to his
credit though the money may not be drawn for
sonic time, so that there is always more money
in the Treasury than the books show, and that
simple fact led to the controversy about which
a good deal has been said in the newspapers,
between the Comptroller of the Currency and
the Secretary of the Treasury. Deposits are
made in the national banks ail over the coun-
try, and it may be some time before they are
so reported at Washington as to be entered on
the books of the Treasury here, while if drafts
are drawn here on New Orleans or anywhere
else they are at once entered on the hooks of
the Treasury to the credit of the proper Treas-
urer while the money may not. be actually drawn
out for a month or two months. There is al-
ways that discrepancy; there is always more
money in Ihe Treasury than is reported by the
Treasury Department, not because they intend
to deceive anybody, but simply from the nature
of the transaction and the manner in which the
accounts are kept.
1 say there is no necessity for this bill to
enable the SeeretaFy of the Treasury to pay the
current expenses or to meetaccruing indebted-
ness. The sixty-two millions of certificates of
indebtedness can be paid out of the current
receipts, or if they are not sufficient, as the
Senator knows very well, the Secretary has now
power to exchange for those certiticates any
of the bonds of the United Stales. He may
issue five-twenties in payment of those eer-
tilicales under the exiting law. There is no
necessity for the bill therefore for that pur-
pose.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Those people will not
take them.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then he can sell (he five-
twenties under the present law. There is no
necessity to pass a bill to meet that difficulty,
lie can put them upon the market.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He can only exchange.
Mr. SHERMAN. Ilecan sell substantially, j
There is no trouble in regard to that. I think
the power given last year is ample for that pur-
pose. The tiutli is he lias had moie money
than he has used for such purposes, as 1 shall
show befoie I get through.
In regard to the seven-thirties, the honorable
Senator agrees with mo that it is not expected
that they will bo paid in money ; the holders
undoubtedly will avail themselves of their priv-
ilege to convert them into five-twenties, so that
they are not to burden the Treasury. They
will be converted into five-twenties, and that
will postpone the payment of the principal of
all of them five years more, and give the Gov-
ernment the option of paying them after any
time within twenty years. There is, therefore,
no object in this bill to provide for the credit
of the Government, because the credit of the
Government is already provided for, and the
Secretary of the Treasury has ample power for
that, purpose.
What, then, is the purpose of the bill ? I think
the Senator frankly stated it; it is to declare
the policy of the reduction of the rion-interest-
1 bearing4egal tenders. Under the pi esent law,
he has power to retire every dollar of the inter-
est-bearing legal tenders by exchange ; he may
redeem them when they become due, and no
portion of them will be due until August, 18157,
and then they mature gradually, and not in bulk.
He has power under the existing law to retire
them by exchange of any securities for them,
and with the present case in the money market
(here is no difliculty in retiring them whenever
he can get hold of them. Whenever he can get
hold of them he is now retiring them. The
trouble is that they are sought, for and held by
brokers and banks and bankers, and therefore
he cannot reach them until they become duo,
when they will fall into the body of the national
debt. There is no object in passing this bill
except to contract the currency, and the hon-
orable Senator says the Secretary will not do
that to an unreasonable extent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Cannot do it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Ho says he, will in his
annual report.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He says that is a matter
that, should be done as soon as it can be done
safel} and piopt-ily.
Mr. SHERMAN. He says he will do it.
That is the whole theory of his proposition,
and lie is doing it. He is doing it in the very
way I have mentioned. The Secretary of the
Treasury accumulates large balances on hand.
Our friend here on my right [Mr. Fnssrsmox]
had no such balance in his hands when he was
Secretary there; he was very glad to have a
much less balance; and for the ordinary pur-
pose of the Treasury Department, is there any
occasion for the enormous balance now held
there? What is that balance held there for?
The balance has been so great that he actually
has retired notes that are not due for two and
a half years.
Sir. FESSENDEN. That was merely to
save interest,. How long will that continue?
He cannot tell what demands there will be.
Mr. SHERMAN. I say there is no neces-
sity for this bill for funding the debt. The
limit that is put upon the use of his power
over ihe euneney is ample if it was only effect-
ive. I would have no objection conferring on
him the power to dispose of bonds to meet bills
as they mature. Indeed, I may say that was
one of the amendments 1 proposed, but I do
not intend to propose them to a Senate so thill
as this is, that, the power to sell bonds should
be only to meet accruing indebtedness. ■ Give
liini one year if you choose to do it in, but no
more. I do not think it is wise to confer on
the Secretary of the Treasury the power to
meet the indebtedness not accruing for a year
or two or three jcars. I do not think it is
necessary in our present financial condition to
authorize hini to go into market now and sell
bonds at current market rates with a view to
pay debts that do not mature in a year or t wo.
I have no doubt before the five-twenty loans
are due we shall retiie every dollar of them at
foul or five per cent, interest. • No one who
heeds the rapid developments of new sources
of' wealth in this country, the enormous yield
of gold now, the renewal of industry ill the
South, the enormous yield of cotton, tiie grow-
ing wealth of this country, and all the favoi able
prospects that are before us. doubts the ability
of this Government before this debt matures to
reduce it to four or five per cent, interest. I
therefore do not think it wise to place it in the
power of the Secretary of the Treasury to sell
six per cent, long bonds or any class of bonds,
even live per cent, bonds, except to meet accru-
ing indebtedness. This I am perfectly willing
to do—the Secretary of the Treasury may sell
bonds at any rate to meet deists as they accrue,
but that is not the purpose of this bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is all the purpose
there is in if.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then there is no neces-
sity for it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, there is. I differ
from yon.
Mr. SHERMAN. We have, hero the tables
before us. The honorable Senator and I know
when this debt matures.
