1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2809
of years of a certain quantity of land. We
have still that land belonging to the Govern-
ment which can be allotted to the freedmen.
There is no reason, therefore, why there should
be any additional provisions on the subject, or
any additional machinery. We have now all
the means for the protection of the freedmen
that are necessary, and if we add to the ma-
chinery which now exists we only incur addi-
tional expense to the Government, and impose
upon the people increased and unnecessary
burdens. At a time when the country is strug-
gling ujjder a weight of indebtedness, when its
industry is depressed, when its finances are
embarrassed, it seems to me we are proposing
to do more than is essential or necessary in
regard to that class of people in this country.
We are inviting them to indolence rather than
to labor. And while I believe we should pro-
tect them in every civil right, while we should
give them equality before the law, I think the
policy of the Government should be such as
to induce every man to earn his bread by the
sweat of his brow.
Sir, it is a fact well known, capable of being
proved at any time, that this Government has
issued thousands, and I might say millions, of
rations to men who might have supported them-
selves if they had been willing to labor, and I
am unwilling to see the charity of this Govern-
ment thrown away upon the indolent and the
undeserving. And while I say this I desire to
speak in the most respectful terms of the gen-
tleman who is at the head of the bureau. I
believe there is no braver soldier, no purer
Christian, no nobler philanthropist in the land
than General Howard, and if he could be per-
sonally present over the wide area of his ad-
ministration, I think we might intrust everything
to his supervision and his care, and find no
cause of complaint. But unfortunately the
agents of this bureau are not all like him, and
although there are many worthy and deserving
men employed in it, there are cases where
fraud has been committed and wrongs have
been done, and I think we should be cautious
about extending this system and making it a
permanent institution of the country.
Another objection which I have to this bill is
in reference to the sixth section, which opens
the door to fraud on the part of those who are
charged with the administration of this bureau.
I do not know but the amendment proposed by
the honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevens] may dispose ofthis objection, but
I barely allude to it for the purpose of showing
the haste with which we sometimes legislate.
The sixth section provides that forty acres
may be set apart for every occupant of lands
occupied under General Sherman's field order,
and that such lands can be procured at an
average cost not exceeding twenty-five dollars
per acre. Thus if the Commissioner should
have to purchase a quantity of land he might
go on and pay $150 per acre to any favorite
party, to any person in his interest, or any
subordinate might do it, and he might offset it
by buying land that could be purchased for
fifty cents an acre and which might be utterly
worthless.
Now, sir, in the course of a few months,
before any great injury can be visited upon the
country by the failure of our legislation, we
shall have an opportunity of determining what
may or may not be necessary by way of amend-
ment to this bill. You have already a com-
mittee of investigation and inquiry into the
administration of the affairs of the Freedmen's
Bureau, and in a few months we shall have a
report from that committee. Then we shall
know the facts of the history of the bureau,
and whether any additional powers are neces-
sary or whether there are any wrongs to be
redressed. I therefore think it far wiser for
us now to say that we will simply extend the
operations of this law for a single year longer,
bring all classes of freedmen within the pur-
view of its operation, and then postpone the
consideration of all else until the next session
of Congress. Then, if it shall be necessary,
a new bill can be introduced embracing the
remaining features of this bill, and we can
have such legislation as shall be founded upon
our experience and proved to be necessary
between this time and that. I trust, there-
fore, that the amendment which I have pro-
posed will be adopted.
Mr. ELIOT. I now call the previous ques-
tion on the amendment and on the bill.
Mr. ROGERS. I hope the gentleman will
not undertake to run this bill through so rap-
idly.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I hope the pre-
vious question will not be sustained.
Mr. ROGERS. I hope that gentlemen on
the other side, in their magnanimity, will vote
down the previous question.
Mr. ELIOT. I withdraw the call for the
previous question.
message from tiie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forxey,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate insisted on its amendments to the bill of
the House (H. R. No. 85) for the disposal of the
public lands for homestead actual settlement
in the States of Alabama, Mississippi, Louisi-
ana, Arkansas, atid Florida, disagreed to by
the House of Representatives, and agreed to
the conference asked by the House on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses theron, and
had appointed Messrs. Kirkwood, Wilsox, and
Davis conferees on the part of the Senate.
FKEEDMEn's bureau again.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I yield to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. ScofieldJ for
the purpose of offering an amendment.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to amend the
seventh section of the bill by striking out the
following words—
And shall provide proper sites and buildings for
purposes of education whenever such association
shall, without cost to the Government, provide suita-
ble teachers and means of instruction, and he shall
furnish such protection as maybe required for the safe
conduct of such schools. And said property shall be
and remain the property of the United States until
sales thereof shall be authorized by law—
And inserting in lieu thereof thewords "and
ali'ord them all proper protection. "The amend-
ment simply strikes out that portion of the sec-
tion which authorizes the purchase of buildings
for school-houses.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I will now yield the
floor to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Shel-
lab auger,] who desires to offer an amendment.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I move to amend
the sixth section, as amended, by adding at the
end thereof the following proviso:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be
construed to aifect the right of any person to recover
in the proper court any title or right of possession
which such person may have in any of the land held
under such field order.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. Mr. Speaker, I have
not been convinced by anything that has been
said in this debate or anything that I know of
in the existing situation of affairs of either the
necessity or the policy of passing this bill at this
time. We have now a commission, a board of
officers, sent down by the President of the Uni-
ted States to inspect the operation of the exist-
ing law ; and this House, and I presume I antici-
pate not rashly when I say the other House, will
concur in it. Congress have authorized a com-
mittee of the two Houses also to go into the
southern States and inspect the operation of
the existing law in reference to this subject.
Now, it seems to me that we can act much
more intelligently on this subject at the short
session of this Congress, after hearing the
reports respectively of the board of officers
seut by the President and of the committee of
the two Houses. We can then know precisely
what the operation of the present bureau sys-
tem is; what its hardships are, if any ; what
its benefits are, if any: and what modifications
and alterations or improvements legislators act-
ing here for the whole country ought to adopt.
Without reference, therefore, to the special
merits of this measure, but with reference to
policy and to the fact that we can act more
intelligently upon the reports to which I have
referred, I move to postpone the bill and the
pending amendments until the second Monday
of December next, and upon that motion I
demand the previous question.
The previous queslion was seconded, and
the main question ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded the yeas and
nays on the motion to postpone.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 51, nays 81, not voting
51; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Bergen, Brandegee, Buck-
land. Darling, Davis, Dawson, Denison, Eldridge,
Farquhar, Glossbrenner, Goodyear, Grider, Hale,
Aaron Harding, Hogaii, Edwin N. Hubbell, James
It. Hubbell, Hulburd, James Humphrey, James M.
Humphrey, Kerr, Ketcham, Kuykendall, Laflin, La-
tham, George V. Lawrence, Le Blond, Marshall,
Marvin, MeCtillough, McRuer, Morris, Myers, Nib-
lack, Nicholson, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Ritter,
Rogers, Ross, Sitgreaves, Smith, Stilwell, Strouse,
Taylor, Trimble, Burt Van Horn, Henry D. W ashburn,
Whaloy, and Winfield—51.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Delos R. Ashley, James M. Ashley. Baker. Banks,
Baxter, Beaman, Bidwell, Blaine, Blow, Boutwell,
Bromwell, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb,
Cook, Cullom, Dawes, Deming, Dixon, Dodge, Don-
nelly, Driggs, Dumont, Eckley, Eggleston, Eliot,
Farnsworth, G-arfield, Abncr C. Harding, Henderson,
Higby. Holmes, Hooper. Hotchkiss. Asahel W. Hub-
bard, Demas Hubbard, John II. Hubbard, Ingersoll,
Julian, Kelley, Kelso, William Lawrence, Loan,
Longyear, Lynch, Marston, McClnrg, McKee, Moor-
head, Morrill, O'Neill, Paine, Perham, Pike, Price,
Alexander H. Rice, John II, Kice, Rollins, Sawyer,
Sohenck, Scofield, Shcllabarger, Sloan, Spalding,
Stevens, Thayer. FrancisThomas, Trowbridge. Upson,
Van Aernam, Ward, William B. Washburn, Welker,
Williams, James F. Wilson, Windom, and Wood-
bridge—81.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Baldwin, Barker, Benja-
min, Bingham, Boyer, Broomnll, Bundy, Chanler,
Coffroth, Conklinsr, Culver, Defrees, Delano, Ferry,
Fmck, Grinnell, Griswold, Harris, Hart,Hayes, Hill,
Chester D. Hubbard, Jenckes, Johnson, Jones, Kas-
son, Mclndoe. Mercur, Miller, Moulton, Newell,
Noell, Orth, Patterson, Phelps, Plants, Pomeroy,
William II. Randall, Raymond, Rousseau, Shank-
lin. Starr, Taber, John L. Thomas, Thornton, Robert
T. Van Horn, Warner, Elihu B. Washburne, Went-
worth, Stephen F. Wilson, and Wright—51.
So the motion to postpone was not agreed to.
Mr. ANCONA. My colleague, Mr. Boyer, is
paired with Mr. Conklixg. Mr. Boyer would
have voted to postpone had he been present.
Mr. CHANLER. If I had been present
when niv name was called, I should have voted
" IV
aj.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and this bill accordingly goes over till
next Tuesday.
On motion of Mr. ELIOT, the bill, with the
pending amendment, was ordered to be printed.
keappitaisemest of lands ix oiiio.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, transmitting papers in regard to the reap-
praisement of certain lands in Ohio, pursuant
to the authority of the joint resolution approved
May 5, 18G6 ; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
henry p. blanciiard.
Mr. McRUER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the relief of Henry P. Blaneh-
ard ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
foreign mail service.
Mr. SMITH, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to amend the act providing for
carrying the mails from the United States to
foreign ports, and for other purposes; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
evening session dispensed with.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the evening
session for to-day be dispensed with.
The question was taken : and upon a division
there were—ayes G4, noes 44.
So the motion was agreed to.
tax bill.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
