1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GIjOBE.
dertook to pass that bill in the shape in which
he did this question would arise, that it would
permit any company of any foreign nation to
land telegraph wires upon your shore and you
cannot help it.
Mr. 'ALLEY. The gentleman from Illinois
was in favor of the passage of the bill. lie told
me so. His object was an ulterior one. His
object was to prevent our'getting at other bills
which he was opposed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman lias no authority to make an assertion
of that kind; and when he makes it he makes
an unwarranted assertion. I was in favor of
Instill, in good faith, if I could get such an
amendment in which he now comes here and
asks us to pass.
Mr. ALLEY. I insist on the demand for
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The House divided; and thefe were—ayes
04, noes 31.
So the bill was recommitted.
Mr. HALE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was recommitted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BRIDGE ACltOSS THE MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. ALLEY, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported back Senate
bill No. 236, to authorize the construction of
certain bridges, and to establish them as post
roads, with amendments; and he also gave
notice he would move as an amendment a bill
for the construction of a bridge at Clinton,
Iowa.
Mr. HALE. Does this bill come regularly
before the House? Has it been referred to
that committee, and has the committee author-
ized it fo be reported?
The SPEAKER. So far as the Chair is
aware it is regularly before the House.
Mr. HALE. My object is to see whether
this bill comes before the House in the same
manner as the one just recommitted.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman makes
a point of order he must state some specific
ground for objecting, on which the Chair will
rule. , ,
Mr. HALE. I want to know whether the
bill is regularly reported. _
The SPEAKER. The bill is indorsed as
having been referred to that committee.
Mr. HALE. That is satisfactory.
The bill was read, as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tive? the Unttetl States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That it shall be lawful for any person or persons,
company or corporation, having authority irom the
States of Illinois and Missouri for such purpose, to
build a bridge across the Mississippi river at «uincy,
Illinois, and' to lay on and over said bridge railway
tracks, for the more perfcct connection of anj rail-
roads that are or shall he eonstrnet.cd to the said
river at or opposite said "point, and that when con-
structed all trains ot all roads tormroatinK at said
river, at or opposite said point, shall be allowed to
cross said bridge for reasonable compensation, to be
made to the owners ot said bruise, undei the "nuta-
tions and conditions hereinafter provided. And m
case of any litigation arising from any obstruction or
alleged obstruction to ofsaid nvei,
the cause may bo tried before the district court ot the
United States of any State m which any portion
said obstruction or bridge touches.
Pre 2 And be it further enacted. That any bridge
built under the provisions of this aet may. at the op-
tion of the company building the same, be bnilt as a
draw-bridge, with a pivot or other form of draw or
with unbroken or continuous spans: Provided, liiat
if the said bridge shall be made with unbioken and
continuous spalls, it shall not be of less elevation in
inv ease than fifty feet above high-water mark as
understood at the point of location, to the bottom
i'liord of the bridge, nor shall the spansof said bridge
>e loss than two hundred and fifty feet in length, and
If piers of paid bridge shall be parallel with tho cm-
,! t of the liver, and the main span shall be over the
aain channel of theriver, andnotlessllian threehun-
hvrl foot in length: And provided also, lhat it any
bruise built*under this act shall be constructed as a
Iraw-bridge, thcsamcshall boeonstraotedas apivot-
driw-bridgc, with a draw over the mam channel of the
river at an accessible and navigable point, and with
^>■1110 ot not less than one hundred and sixtj feet m
length in theclear on each sideof tlioeentralorpivot
lie? of 1 he draw, and the next adjoining spans to tho
iw'h-fll not be less than two hundred and fifty
icetT and said spans shall not be less than thirty feet
above low-water mark, and hot less than ten above
extreme high-water mark, measuring to the bottom
chord of the bridge* and the piers of said bridgeshall
be parallel with the current of the river; Andpro-
vided also, That said draw shall be opened promptly
upon reasonable signal for the passage of boats
whose construction shall not be such as to admit
of their passage under the permanent spans of said
bridge, except when trains are passing over the
same; but in no .case shall unnecessary delay occur
in opening tho said draws after tho passage of trains.
S£c. 3. And be it further enacted, That any bridge
constructed under this aet, and according to its lim-
itations, shall be a lawful structure, and shall be rec-
ognized and known as a post route; upon which also
no higher charge shall be made for the transmission
over the same of the mails, the troops, and the muni-
tions of war of th.e United States than the rate per
mile paid for their transportation over tho railroad
or public highways leading to the said bridge.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That it shall be
lawful for the Chicago, Burlington, and Quincy Rail-
road Company, a corporation whose road has been
completed to "the Mississippi river, and connects with
a railroad on the opposite side thereof, having first
obtained authority therefor from the States of Illi-
nois and Iowa, to construct a railroad bridge across
said river, upon the same terms, in the same mann er,
under the same restrictions, and with the same priv-
ileges as is provided for in this aet in relation to the
bridge at Quincy, Illinois.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That a bridge may
be constructed at the town of Hannibal, in the State
of Missouri, across the Mississippi river, so as to con-
nect the Hannibal and St. Joseph railroad with the
Pike County and Great Western railroads of Illinois,
on the sametermsand subject to thesamer-estrietions
as contained in this act for the construction of the
bridge at Quincy, Illinois.
First amendment: ,
In section two insert "duringor;" so it will read,
"but in no case shall unnecessary delay occur in
opening the said draws-during or after the passage
oftrains.''
The amendment was agreed to.
Second amendment:
^Amlbe it further enacted. That a bridge maybe con-
structed across the Mississippi river between rrairio
Du (Jhien, in the State of Wisconsin, and North Mc-
Gregor, in the State of Iowa, with tho consent ot the
Legislatures of Wisconsin and Iowa, on the same
terms and under the same restrictions as aro con-
tained in this act for the construction of a bridge at
Quincy, Illinois.
Mr. ALLISON. Will the gentleman yield
for a question?
Mr. ALLEY. Yes, sir.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to ask the gentle-
from Massachusetts [Mr. Alley] what has
become of an amendment that was sent to the
committee by my colleague, authorizing any
railroad companies whose lines terminate on
the Mississippi river to build bridges on the
terms and specifications of this bill; or if it is
the design of the committee only to authorize
special railroads to build these bridges at par-
ticular specified points, excluding other com-
panies from the benefits of this bill. Why not
propose a general provision that will include
every railroad that wishes to cross the Missis-
sippi river?
Mr. ALLEY. The committee were of opin-
ion, I think unanimously, that it was improper
to pass a general law of that kind. So they
considered alL the cases that were presented
upon their merits separately, and it was on
that ground that the amendment offered by.
the gentleman from Iowa was rejected.
Mr. FINCK. I desire to say that I under-
stood distinctly that all the amendments came
from the committee without any recommenda-
tion whatever.
Mr. ALLEY. My colleague will allow me
to correct him. The amendments were adopted
bv the committee, I think by a unanimous vote,
with the understanding that the bill itself was
to be reported to the House without recom-
mendation; but if the House in its judgment
should think best to pass the bill, then lt was
thought proper on the part of the committee
that these amendments should be adopted.
Mr. FINCK. I desire to state to ray col-
league that I cannot be mistaken on this sub-
ject. I was opposed in the committee, as 1
am here, not only to the bill, but to the amend-
ments, and it was only with the understanding
that the whole subject should be referred to the
House thatwe consented to report them without
any recommendation. Certainly I could not
favor the amendments when they involve pre-
cisely the points of the bill itself.
Mr. FARNSWOETH. I rise to a pbint of
order: It is improper to state what takes plae©
in committee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of ord&r. Statements can only b'e: niade
in writing, in the conclusions of tieit- report.,
Mr. KASSON. Will the gentleman' froifr
Massachusetts [Mr. Alley] allow me a word? .
Mr. ALLEY: Yes, sir.
Mr. KASSON. Several inquiries ftafe been
niade touching the amendment I offered', which
was referred to the committee, proposing to'
grant a general right to all railroad fcompauies
upon reaching that river to bridge it opon the
same terms. Now, I wish to say that I waived
that amendmeflt for two reasons. One was
that my colleague of the district in which Keo-
kuk is situated had an amendment which cov-
ered the object I had in view; and the other
was, that I thought the privilege was a little
too much to take away entirely the discretion
of Congress in all cases as to where it should
allow that river to be bridged. I thought the
special attention of Congress should be called
in each case to the points to be bridged, and
that that discretion might be exercised at the
time the privilege was asked. I therefore
cheerfully waived that amendment, and in lieu
of it agreed to accept that whicll my colleague
from the first district will offer.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I wish to
state what perhaps may be a question of order,
in order to call the attention of the House to
what our legislation has already been on this
subject, and I particularly desire to direct the
attention of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts *
Mr. ALLEY. I do not give way for that
purpose.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope we
shall have & fair discussion. There has seldom
been in this country a question of so much
interest as this.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts declines to yield.
Mr. HOGAN. Will the gentleman yield to
me«only for a question ?
Mr. ALLEY. I will after we get the bill in
a proper shape.
Mr. HOGAN. It is merely a preliminary
question.
Mr. ALLEY. I will yield.
Mr. HO'GAN. I ask the gentleman Vliether
we have not during this session directed the
Secretary of War to make a survey of the Mis-
sissippi river, with a view to ascertain where
bridges can be built j and whether it would
not be proper to defer further action until
that matter is settled. '
Mr. ALLEY. I believe it is true that the
Secretary of War has been instructed to make
a survey, but I see nothing in this bill incom-
patible with that action, if this House sees fit
to pass it. The Senate has passed the bill, and
I believe by a very large vote, notwithstanding
the action of the Senate and the House upon
the subject to which the gentleman refers.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I wish it distinctly under-
stood between myself and my colleague on the
committee [Mr. Fijtck] how this matter stands.
I think he will agree with me if ho Understands
mystatement, whichisthis: thatlwasmstrueted
to report back this bill without any recommen-
dation. The committee were undecided in re-
gard to it, but with regard to the amendments
they were unanimously of the opinion that as
they involved the same principle, if the bill
itself was passed, there could be no objection
to the amendments. It was on that ground,
and that alone, that they agreed to the amend-
ments. Am I right?
Mr FINCK. I hardly think there will be
any difference between the gentleman and my-
self when we come to understand each othei*.
I understand that these amendments in^yo
the same principle as is involved in the bill
itself, and an opposition to the bill would be
an opposition to the amendments. I here is
no doubt that the gentleman was authorized to
report the amendments. I do not_ concur in
tho amendments, nor do I concur in the bill.
