1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL QLOBE.
369
Laws of the United States.
39th Cong....1st Sess.
or other officer shall transmit the same, with
the duplicate list and description of the articles
seized and claimed, to the United States dis-
trict attorney for the district, who shall pro-
ceed for a condemnation of the property in the
ordinary mode prescribed by law. But if no
such claim shall be filed nor bond given within
the twenty days aboye specified, such collector
or other officer shall give not less than fifteen
days' notice of the sale of the property so
seized, by publication in the manner before
mentioned, and, at the time and place specified
in suck notice, he shall sell at public auction
the property so seized, and shall deposit the
proceeds, after deducting the actual expenses
of such seizure, publication, and sale, to the
credit of the Treasurer of the United States,
as shall be directed by the Secretary of the
Treasury: Provided, That the collector shall
have power to adjourn such sale from time to
time for a period not exceeding thirty days
in all.
Sec. 13. Andbeit further enacted, That any
person claiming to be interested in the prop-
erty sold underthe provisions of the proceeding
[preceding] section may, within three mouths
after such sale, apply to the Secretary of the
Treasury for a remission of the forfeiture, and
a restoration of the "proceeds of such sale, and
the same may be granted by said Secretary,
upon satisfactory proof, to be furnished in such
manner as he shall direct, that the applicant,
at the time of the seizure and sale of the prop-
erty in question, did not know of the seizure,
and was in such circumstances as prevented
him from knowing of the same, and that said
forfeiture was incurred without willful negli-
gence or any intention of fraud on the part of
the owner of such property.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That if
no application for such remission or restoration
shall be made within three months after such
sale, the Secretary of the Treasury shall then
cause the proceeds of such sale to be distributed
in the same manner as if such property had
been condemned and sold in pursuance of a
decree of a competent court.
Sec. 15. Andbe it further enacted, Thatwhen-
ever seizure shall be made of any property
which, in the opinion of the appraisers, shall
be liable to perish or waste, or to be greatly
reduced in value by keeping, or cannot be kept
without greatdisproportionate expense, whether
such seizure consist of live animals, or goods,
wares, or merchandise, and when the property
thus seized shall not exceed five hundred dol-
lars in value, and when no claim shall have
been interposed therefor as is hereinbefore pro-
vided, the said appraisers, if requested by the
collector or principal officer making the seiz-
ure at the time when such appraisal is made,
shall certify on oath in their appraisal their be-
lief that the property seized is liable to speedy
deterioration, or that the expenses of its keep-
ing will largely reduce the net proceeds of the
sale ; and in case the appraisers thus certify,
such collector or other officer may proceed to
advertise and sell the same at auction, by giv-
ing notice for such time as he may think rea-
sonable, but not less than one week, of such
seizure and intended sale, by advertisement as
is hereinbefore provided ; and the proceeds of
such sale shall be deposited to the credit of
the Treasurer of the United States, subject,
nevertheless, to the payment of such claims as
shall be presented within three months from
the day of sale, and allowed by the Secretary
of the Treasury.
Sec. 16. And be it further enacted, That
the Secretary of the Treasury shall have au-
thority to ascertain the facts upon all applica-
tions for remission of fines, penalties, and for-
feitures incurred or accruing under the revenue
laws, where the amount in question does not
exceed one thousand dollars, in such manner
and under such regulations as he may deem
proper; and he may thereupon remit or miti-
gate such fines, penalties, or forfeitures, if in
39th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 24.
his opinion the same shall have been incurred
without willful negligence or any intention of
fraud.
Sec. 17. And be it further enacted, That
whenever the proper officer of the customs shall
be duly notified of the existence of a lien upon
imported goods, wares, or merchandise in his
custody, he shall, before delivering such goods,
wares, or merchandise to the importer, owner,
or consignee thereof, give seasonable notice to
the party or parties claiming the lien ; and the
possession by the officers of customs shall not
affect the discharge of such lien: Provided,
That the rights of the Government shall not be
prejudiced thereby. And the Secretary of the
Treasury may prescribe all needful regulations
to carry this provision into effect: And pro-
vided, That neither the United States nor its
officers shall be in any manner liable for losses
incurred in consequence of the omission by
accident and without their fault of officers of
the customs to give the notice aforesaid.
Sec. 18. And be it further enacted, That
nothing in this act contained shall be taken to
abridge or limit any forfeiture, penalty, fine,
liability, or remedy provided for or existing
under any law now in force, except as herein
otherwise specially provided.
Sec. 19. And be it further enacted, That
where the value of goods, wares, or merchandise
imported orbrought into the United States shall
not exceed one hundred dollars, the collector
is authorized in his discretion to admit the same
to entry without the production of the tripli-
cate invoice required by the act of March three,
eighteen hundred and sixty-three, entitled "An
act to prevent and punish frauds,'' and so forth,
and without submitting the question to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury: Provided, That the col-
lector shall be satisfied that the neglect to pro-
duce such invoice was unintentional, and that
the importation was in good faith and without
any purpose of defrauding or evading the reve-
nue laws of the United States.
Sec. 20. And be it further enacted, That
if any goods, wares, or merchandise shall, at
any port or place in the United States on the
northern, northeastern, or northwestern front-
iers thereof, be laden upon any vessel belonging
wholly or in part to a subject or subjects of a
foreign country or countries, and shall betaken
thence to a foreign port or place, to be reladen
and reshipped to any other port or place in the
United >States on said frontiers, either by the
same or any other vessel, foreign or American,
with intent to evade the provisions of the fourth
section of " the act concerning the navigation
of the United States," approved March one,
eighteen hundred and seventeen, the said goods,
wares, and merchandise shall, on their arrival
at such last-named port or place, be seized and
forfeited to the United States, and the vessel
shall pay a tonnage duty of fifty cents per ton
on her admeasurement.
Sec. 21. And be it further enacted, That all
steam tug-boats, not of the United States, found
employed in towing documented vessels of the
United States plying from one port or place in
the same to another, shall forfeit and pay the
sum of fifty cents per ton on the admeasure-
ment of every such vessel so towed by tliem
respectively, as aforesaid, which sum may be
recovered by way of libel or suit.
Sec. 22. And be it further enacted, That if
any vessel enrolled or licensed to engage in
the foreign and coasting trade on the north-
ern, northeastern, and northwestern frontiers
of the United States, shall touch at any port
or place in the adjacent British Provinces, and
the master or other person having charge of
such vessel shall purchase any goods, wares,
or merchandise, for the use of said vessel, said
master or other person having charge of said
vessel shall report the same, with cost and
quantity thereof, to the collector or other offi-
cer of the customs at the first port in the Uni-
ted States at which he shall next arrive, desig-
nating them '' sea stores ;" and in the oath to
be taken by such master or other person in
charge of such vessel, on making said report,
he shall declare that the articles so specified or
designated "sea stores" arc truly intended for
the use exclusively of said vessel, and are not
intended for sale, transfer, or private use, and
if, upon examination and inspection by the col-
lector or other officer of the customs such arti-
cles are not deemed excessive in quantity for
the use of said vessel for the voyage on which
she is engaged, such articles shall be declared
free of duty; but if it shall be found that the
quantity or quantities of such articles or any
part thereof so reported are excessive, it shall
be lawful for the collector or other officer of
the customs to estimate the amount of duty on
such excess, which shall be forthwith paid by
said master or other person having charge of
said vessel, on pain of forfeiting a sum of not
less than one hundred dollars nor more than
four times the value of such excess, or said
master or other person, having charge of such
vessel shall be liable to imprisonment for a
term of not less than three months nor more
than two years, at the discretion of the court.
And if any other or greater quantity of dutia-
ble articles shall be found on board such ves-
sel than are specified in such report or entry
of said articles, or any part thereof shall be
landed without a permit from a collector or
other officer of the customs, such articles, to-
gether with the vessel, her apparel, tackle, and
furniture, shall be seized and forfeited : Pro-
vided, always, That articles purchased for the
use of or for sale on board any steamboat, pro-
peller, or other vessel, as "saloon stores or
supplies," shall be deemed goods, wares, and
merchandise, and shall be liable (when pur-
chased at a foreign port) to entry and the pay-
ment of the duties found to be due thereon
at the first port of arrival of such vessel in the
United States, and for a failure on the part of
the saloon keeper or person purchasing or own-
ing such articles to report, make entries, and
pay duties, as hereinbefore required, such arti-
cles, together with the fixtures and other goods,
wares, or merchandise, found in such saloon
or on or about such vessel belonging to and
owned by such saloon keeper or other person
interested in such saloon, shall be seized and
forfeited, and such saloon keeper or other per-
son purchasing and owning as aforesaid shall
forfeit and pay the sum of not less than one
hundred dollars nor more than five hundred
dollars, and in addition thereto shall be im-
prisoned for a term not less than three months
nor more than two yeai's.
Sec. 23. And be it further enacted, That the
equipments, or any part thereof, (including
boats,) purchased for, or the expenses of re-
pairs made in a foreign country upon a vessel
enrolled and licensed under the laws of the
United States to engage in the foreign and
coasting trade on the northern, northeastern,
and northwestern frontiers of the United States,
or a vessel intended to be employed in such
trade, shall, on the first arrival of such vessel
in any port of the United States, be liable to
entry and the payment of an ad valorem duty
of fifty per centum on the cost thereof in such
foreign country; and if the owner or owners
or master of such vessel shall willfully and
knowingly neglect or fail to report, make en-
try, and pay duties as herein required, such
vessel, with her tackle, apparel, and furniture,
shall be seized and forfeited: Provided, That
if the owner or owners or master of such ves-
sel shall furnish good and sufficient evidence
that such vessel, while in the regular course
of her voyage, was compelled, by stress of
weather or other casualty, to put into said for-
eign port and purchase such equipments, or
make such repairs, to secure the safety of the
vessel to enable her to reach her port of desti-
nation, then it shall be competent for the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to remit or refund such
duties, and such vessel shall not be liable tot
forfeiture, and no license or enrollment and'
