1850
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
Mr. FESSENDEN. rllic Secretary has not
power to sell bonds as the law now stands.
Mr. SHERMAN. The power is clearly given
in this section to dispose of any description of
bonds for any certificates of indebtedness or
for any Treasury notes due.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well; can he go
and sell them and appropriate them to taking
up legal tenders?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly. I will state here
that I have in my hands a table showing that
the Secretary of the Treasury used a portion
of the surplus revenue for the purpose of retir-
ing the seven-thirties not due for two years and
a hall to come. He has retired of the third
issue of seven-thirties, $7,700,000; and of the
second^ issue, not due until June and July,
1868, $4,402,000; making an aggregate of
$12,000,000 which he has retired m the very
mode provided in this bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But a question was
raised as to the power to do that, and, on con-
sideration, he had strong doubts about it. That
is the very power which he wants now conferred
on hiin.
_ Mr. SHERMAN". That is the power now
given, and he will use the power. He may
think it to his interest to retire the whole of the
seven-thirties or the ten-forties; but is it wise
for us to give him that power now, at the heel
of the-war and before things have settled down?
I do not think it is.
I repeat, I do not wish to call in question
the integrity of the Secretary of the Treasury.
The Senator interjects by saying we must look
ahead. There is just the difference between
him and me. I say the future for this country
is hopeful, buoyant, joyous. We shall not have
to beg of foreign nations, or even of our own
people, money within two or three years. Our
national debt will be eagerly sought for, I have
no doubt. I take a hopeful view of the future.
I do not wish now to cripple the industry of
the country by adopting the policy of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, as he calls it, by redu-
cing the currency, by crippling the operations
of the Government, when I think that under
any probability of affairs in the future, all this
debt will take care of itself. I believe that if
the Secretary of the Treasury would do noth-
ing in the world except simply sit in his chair,
meet the accruing indebtedness, and issue his
Treasury warrants, this debt will take care of
itself, and will fund itself at four or five per
cent, before very Jong. AH that I object to in
this bill is the power it gives the Secretary of
the Treasury over the currency, to -affect the
currency of the country now, and to anticipate
debts that are not yet due.
In my judgment, the amount of legal tenders
now outstanding is not too much for the pres-
ent condition of the country. I expect to come
back to specie payments, and I expect to see
gold approach the level and standard of our
paper money, without any material reduction
of our currency. Our currency now is less
than the currency of England or Prance, ac-
cording to the statistical tables we have. Our
whole currency now is ยง704,000,000, exclud-
ing the interest-bearing legal tenders, which
do not enter at n.ll into the currency, and which
cannot be fonnd. Including bank circulation
oi eveiy kind, and excluding interest-bearing
legal tenders, our currency is $704,000,000.
I* our hundred and fifty millions of it consist of
United States notes and fractional currency.
Then, there are over $250,000,000 of bank cur-
rency, including the notes of outstanding State
banks ^vhich are being rapidly retired. The
limit of the national bank currency is $300,000,-
000 ; so that the whole currency cannot exceed
$750,000,000.
Mr. I'ESSENDEN. lou do not consider
the compound-interest notes as anything.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not, because they
are not in circulation, and the Senator could
not get them if he should try.'
Mr. ANTHONY. What was the circulation
betore the war ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Two hundred and seven
million dollars in paper, and perhaps $100,-
000,000 in gold. It is difficult to tell how much
gold there was in the country. In the present
condition of affairs I do not think it is necessary
to retire any portion of the currency in order
to get back to specie payments. I do not think
our currency is superabundant. The reasons
are obvious. We are now developingthe min-
ing regions. The gold is increasing with great
rapidity. The amount of gold in the country
I believe in five years will approach the amount
of our legal-tender currency, so that the one
will be convertible into the other. The pro-
portion of gold to our legal-tender currency at
tins day is greater than it was at the beginning
of the war. Exchange with all countries is in
our favor. Bills on England can now be had
for 10(5. We have vast uses for the currency.
It is being absorbed in the southern States and
held there. They arc glad to sell anything
they have got for it. Cotton, which was hardly
' counted, indeed, when the war ended, has
yielded enormously.
Mr. McDO UGALL. Allow me to ask the
Senator a question. Is the rate of exchange
on England of which he speaks, 10G, the rate
in gold or in currency ?
Mr. SHERMAN. In gold. That is two or
three per cent, in our favoi.
Mr. McDOUGALL. In gold?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly. In regard to
going back to specie payments, when did ever
a nation travel toward specie payment as rap-
idly as this country has done without a reduc-
tion of the currency ? Here is a significant fact,
that when gold was 280 our currency was
8550,000,000, and now, when our currency is
over $700,000,000, gold is 130, and going down
and down, and no power in this world can pre-
vent it going down. This fact shows that the
mere amount of legal tender outstanding does
not fix the rate of gold. That is the result of
the restored confidence of the people of this
country and of all nations in the credit of the
United States. I believe that if the Secretary
of the Treasury will keep out of the stock mar-
ket, will just remain in his seat in the Treasury
Department, and pay the debts as they become
due, the people of the United States will take
care of the currency of the country and of the
credit of the Government, and it will not be
necessary to buy bonds before they mature or
do anything else except simply to meet the cur-
rent indebtedness in order to bring us back to
specie payments within twelve or eighteen
months, and I do not believe any power can
prevent it.
I do not wish the Senate to suppose that in
these remarks I intend to criticise the conduct
of the Secretary of the Treasury. He takes a
different view from what I do. I am more hope-
ful than he is. He piobably, like a good banker,
as he is, wants a very large balance on hand. I
have more confidence in the future, and am will-
ing to trust the future. I do not now see anv
imperative necessity forthisbill, but at the same
time I would make no opposition to the bill,
no opposition to the vast power to sell bonds,
because I think the power would not be abused,
if the Secretary would not in this way under-
take to carry out what he calls his policy, a
contraction of the currency without any specific
law. That is what I am afraid of, his inter-
ference to contract the currency. The honor-
able Senator from Maine, however, would seem
to think that I impute to him a wrong motive,
and therefore I corrected him when he made
the remark that 1 seemed to suppose the Sec-
retary was doing this improperly. I think not.
The Secretary of the Treasury informed us that
he desired to reducc the currency, and he has
been doing it as far as he could. He has been
accumulating large balances. He was opposed
to the proviso which lias been inserted in this
and yielded to it only with reluctance,
lhat is admitted on all hands, and ho is not
precluded either in honor or propriety from
carrying out his policy if you gave him the
power to do it.
This is all I desire to say upon the bill. The
only reason why I spoke is because I cannot
vote for it under the circumstances," I felt
bound to state thus briefly the reasons that
actuated me in coming to this conclusion.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to strike out in
the eleventh line of section one, after the word
"act'' the word "either," and in the twelfth
line, after " United States" to strike out " or
elsewhere." I am opposed to contracting a
foreign loan under any circumstances. We
have gone through the war without borrowing
one dollar from abroad. If our bonds have
gone abroad it is because the money was sent
here to buy them and take them ; but I am
opposed, now that the war is over, to applying
to the English stock exchange or any foieigu
stock exchange, hat in hand, begging that they
will, now that we do not need it, loan us a little
money. We have sho wn our capacity , our abil-
ity, to carry this debt, and I am opposed to con-
tracting a loan anywhere out of the United
States or in any currency but the dollars of
the United States.
During the wars of Napoleon, while the Eng-
lish debt was rolling up to its enormous pro-
portion, the people of Great Britain accumu-
lated vast fortunes ; and it was that English
debt, that enormous debt, more than perhaps
any other agency, that made London the finan-
cial center of the world. That center will
change within your life, sir, and mine, if we
live to old age; the moneyed center of the
world is to be the city of New York at no dis-
tant day. London will be, as she is now. great
and powerful, but hot the center. "We are
already extending our railroads to the Pacific ;
the trade of China and the Indies is to pass
through New York, and New York is to be the
center at no distant day.
Now, sir, why should a great nation like this,
that has shown its capacity to carry this enor-
mous debt, and has carried it successfully and
cheerfully, now negotiate a bond in francs, or
pounds, shillings, and pence?
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is no power in
this bill to do that.
Mr. CHANDLER. What does "elsewhere"
mean?
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is the question
where you shall dispose of the bonds.
Mr. CHANDLER. To make a foreign loan,
it means.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No; it is a bond of the
description authorized by this act, no other de-
scription. It may be disposed of "elsewhere"
than in the United States.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am opposed to that,
and therefore I propose to take away the power
to negotiate " elsewhere" than in the United
States. I move to strike out "'either" and
"elsewhere;" so as to read, "in the United
States."
Mr. FESSENDEN. /Phis is the first time
I have heard any objection to that phrase; it
has been in all the bills. "We have not had
occasion to resort to it, and I trust we shall not.
It was first proposed to authorize a different
description of bonds, one payable in a foreign
currency, but that has been stricken out. This
phrase is simply that if he finds it necessary or
advisable to go abroad (which I do not think
he will) he may go there and dispose of them.
The object is simply that there shall not be a
combination in this country, in Wall street or
anywhere, to tie his hands, and if there is he
may be able to control it by going into another
market. It has been in all the bills.
ilr. GUTHRIE. Mr. President, I have
examined this matter as carefully and as con-
siderately as opportunity has allowed me to do.
We owe a pretty large debt, $2,700,000,000,
with additons yet to be provided for. A large
portion of it will mature in the course of a few
years. More than eight hundred millions of
seven-thirty notes are to be provided for within
three years. There is a large amount of bonds
due in a short time. We have the interest on
all to provide for as it becomes due; we have
to provide for the principal as it matures. I
suppose there is no gentleman on this tloorthat
has greater confidence than myself in the abil-
ity of this Government to meet, this debt, and,
indeed, if necessity required it, to meet a larger
