1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2811
and we cannot afford to give it up, especially
with the limitation here only to amounts exceed*
ing twenty dollars.
The .amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. PRICE. I move to add the following
at the end of line twenty-nine hundred and
twenty:
Provided further, That all stamps upon checks,
notes, receipts, bills of exchange, certificates arid
contracts of ten cents and less be dispensed with
and abolished after the 1st day of October, 1866.
Ml*. Chairman, the object of that is to get
rid of £he small stamps. Every gentleman
here knows they are a source of great annoy-
ance and perplexity, while they are not the
source of much revenue. I do not propose
to abolish stamps upon receipts or any kind
of paper, but these small stamps. I want to
get rid of these small stamps. It is not the
amount the people pay, but the trouble of hav-
ing to keep them constantly on hand. I have
heard of but one opinion all over the country,
and that is, we should get rid of the annoyance
of these small stamps. I think the committee
will be prepared to vote for the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. I shall be much surprised
if they are. The small stamps are the ones
least complained of.
Mr. HALE. What proportion do the returns
from small stamps bear to those from large
ones?
Mr. MORRILL. They are the largest, ten
times more than from large stamps. The
inconvenience which existed when the law
was first enacted no longer exists. Men are
as much accustomed to have these stamps in
their pockets as to have postage stamps. I
have no idea we will surrender the system of
stamps for many years. Ic is a tax we can
much better afford than any other.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. MYERS. I move to insert on page 88.
line nineteen hundred and seventy-eight, the
following:
Photographs,ambrotypes,and daguerreotypes, and
other pictures taken by action of light, not herein-
after exempted from tax, a tax of five per cent, ad
valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
That schedule C be amended by striking out all
after the words "playing cards" and inserting in
lieu thereof the following:
For and upon every pack, not exceeding fifty-two
cards in number, irrespective of price or value, five
cents; for and upon every can, bottle, or other single
package, containing % meats, fish, shcll-fish, fruits,
vegetables, sauces, sirups, prepared mustard, jams
or jellies preserved therein and packed or sealed,
made, prepared, and sold, or removed for consump-
tion in the United States, where such can, bottle, or
other single package with its contents shall not ex-
ceed at the retail price or value the sum of twenty-
five ccnts, one cent. Where such can, bottle, or other
single package, with its contents, shall exceed the
retail price or value of twenty-five cents, and shall
not exceed the retail price or value of fifty cents, two
cents. Where such can, bottle, or other single pack-
age, with its contents, shall exceed the retail price
or value of fifty cents, for each and every twenty-five
cents, or fractional part thereof, over and above the
fifty cents as above mentioned, an additional one
cent. Ground coffee, or any compound or mixture
ground or prepared for sale and intended for con-
sumption as coffee, or as a substitute for or adulter-
ation of coffec, whether of domestic manufacture or
imported, in packages not exceeding in weight one
half pound, one half cent. And for each half pound
in excess of one half pound, one half cent: Provided,
That any fraction of a half pound shall be consid-
ered as one half pound and be stamped accordingly.
Ground mustard, pepper, and Cayenne pepper, and
cloves, clove stems, mace, ginger, cinnamon, cassia,
pimento, or any compound or mixture, ground or
prepared, intended to represent either of the articles
as aforesaid, and for sale or consumption as such, or
as a substitute for or adulteration of any of the said
articles, in packages not oxeeeding in weight one
fourth of a pound, one half cent. And for each one
fourth of a pound in excess of one fourth of a pound,
one half cent: Provided, That any fraction of one
fourth of a pound shall be considered as one fourth
of a pound and be stamped accordingly: Provided
Jurther, That any dealer may sell to any other dealer
or manufacturer, for the purpose of being repacked,
coffee, spices, or mustard, or adulterations of or sub-
stitutes therefor, in bulk of not lessthan one hundred
pounds without payment of tax, on condition that
the said packages are marked with the names of the
dealer selling, and ofthe dealer or manufacturerpur-
chasing such commodity, and the quantity thereof;
but when sold for use or consumption must bear the
name or trade-mark of the manufacturer, the quan-
tity, and the proper stamp. I!
Mr. MOBRILL. I move to amend by strik-
ing out all of the paragraph after the word
" s'dd," iti line twenty-nine hundred and thirty,
and inserting in lieu thereof the following:
Or offered for sale or removed for consumption in
the United States on and after the 1st day of October,
1866, where such can, bottle, or other single package,
with its contents, shall not exceed two pounds in
weight, one cent; where such can, bottle, or other sin-
gle package, with itscontents, shall exceed two pounds
in weight, for every additional pound or fractional
part thereof, one cent.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to insert after the word "amended" in line
twenty-nine hundred and twenty-one the fol-
lowing:
Strike out the paragraph relating to cigar lights
and wax tapers, and insert in lieu thereof the follow-
ing:
On cigar lights, whether made in whole or in part
of wood, glass, paper, or other material, in parcels or
packages containing twenty-five lights in each par-
cel or package, one cent; when in parcels or packages
containingmore than twenty-five and not more than
fifty lights, two cents; for eveiy additional twenty-
five lights or fractional part of thatnumber, one cent
additional, and.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I ask
leave to go back to add the following in rela-
tion to railroad passes, at the end of the para-
graph, on page 120, after line twenty-nine
hundred and twenty:
On all free-trip passes over any and every railroad
conveying passengers by steam there shall be af-
fixed on each a ten-cent stamp.
On all six-month free passes over such railroads
there shall be affixed on each stamps amounting to
50.
On all yearly free passes over such railroads there
shall be affixed on each stamps amounting to five
dollars.
All stamps so affixed to be effaced with initials of
the holder of such fiee passes.
Mr. STEVENS. I object.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stetess] will allow his col-
league to offer this amendment. He gave
notice and it was only by accident that it was
not offered at the right time.
Mr. STEVENS. I like lucky accidents.
The Clerk read as follows :
That section one hundred and seventy-nine be
amended bystriking out all after the enacting clause
and inserting in lieu thereof the following: that
where it is not otherwise provided for in this act, it
shall^be the duty of the collectors, in their respect-
ive districts, and they arc hereby authorized to pros-
ecute for the recovery of any sum or sums that \
may be forfeited by virtue of this act: and all fines, i
penalties, and forfeitures which may be imposed j
or incurred by virtue of this aet, shall and may he l
sued for and recovered, where not otherwise herein i
provided, in the name of the "United States in any
proper form of action, or by any appropriate form
of proceeding, before any circuit or d:*tnct court of
the United States for the district within which said
fine, penalty, or forfeiture may have been incurred,
or hefore any court of competent jurisdiction : and |
where not otherwise herein provided for,such share,
not exceeding one moiety, as the Secretary of the
Treasury shall by general regulations provide, shall ;
be to the use of the person who shall first inform of
the cause, matter, or thing, whereby any such fine,
penalty, or forfeiture shall have been incurred, and
the remainder shall be to the use of the United
States; and when any sum is paid without suit, or
before judgment, in lieu of fine, penalty, or forfeit-
ure, and a share of the same is claimed by any per-
son as informer, the court or a commissioner of the
circuit or district court of the United States, on ap-
plication of the United States district attorney, shall
determine whether any claimant is entitled to such
share, and to whom the same shall be paid. And
the several circuit and district courts of the United
States shall have jurisdiction of all offenses against
any of the provisions of this act committed within
their several districts: Provided, That no informer or
informers shall in any one case be entitled to or
receive more than §5,000: And provided further. That
no collector, deputy collector, assessor, assistant
assessor, revenue agent, revenue inspector, or other
officer or person connected with the Treasury Depart-
ment, or any of the branches thereof, shall be enti-
tled to or receive, or shall be interested in any share
allowed to an informer under tho internal revenue
law; and if any person coming within either of these
exceptions shall receive, from any informer, or from
any applicant for an informer's share, either directly
or indirectly, any sum of money or other valuable
consideration for or in consequence of his services in
obtaining such informer's share, or in consideration
of his interest in such informer's share, such person
shall, on conviction thereof, be punished by fine not
exceeding $10,000. or by imprisonment not exceeding
one year, or both, at the discretion of the court, with
costs of prosecution. It is hereby declared to be the
true intent and meaning of the present and of all
previous provisions of internal revenue acts grant-
ing shares to informers, that no right accrues or is
vested in an informer in any case until the fine, pen-
alty, or forfeiture in such ca.se is fixed by judgment
or compromise, at which time the informer shall
become entitled to his legal share of the amount so
adjudged or agreed upon. And the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue, under regulations to be pre-
scribed 4 by the Secretary of the Treasury, shall be
and be is hereby empowered to compromise any case
where the amount involved shall not exceed the sum
of $500.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to amend bystrik-
ing out the words "not exceeding one moiety"
in line twenty-nine hundred and ninety-six, and
to insert after the word ''provide" in the next
line the words "not exceeding one moiety nor
more than $5,000 in any one case;" also to
insert after the word "person" in line twenty-
nine hundred and ninety eight, the words "to
be ascertained by the court;" so that it will
read:
And where not otherwise herein provided for such
share as the Secretary of the Treasury shall by gen-
eral regulations provide, not exceeding one moiety
nor more than $5,000 in any one case, shall be to the
use of the person, to be ascertained by the court, who
shall first inform of the cause, matter, or thing, &e.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to strike out after
the word "informer" in line three thousand
and four, down to and including the words
1 (district attorney'5 in line three thousand and
six, and insert in lieu thereof the following:
The Commissioner of Internal Revenue, subject to
the approval of the Secretary of the Treasury, and
under such general regulations as the said Secretary
shall prescribe, upon, application.
It will then read:
And when any sum is paid without suit or before
judgment in lieu of fine, penalty, or forfeiture, and a
share of the same is claimed by any person as in-
former, the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, sub-
ject to the approval of the Secretary of the Treasury,
and under such general regulations as the said Sec-
retary shall prescribe, upon application shall deter-
mine, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. I move further to strike
out the lirst proviso embraced in lines three
thousand and eleven,three thousand and twelve,
and three thousand and thirteen, and the words,
"and" and '-further" in the second proviso.
That is embraced in the amendment just made.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. I move now to strike out
all after the word "provided" in line three
thousand and fourteen down to the word "ex-
ceptions" in line three thousand and twenty,
as follows:
t That no collector, deputy collector, assessor, as-
sistant assessor, revenue agent, revenue inspector, or
other officer or person connected with the Treasury
Department, or any of the branches theieof, shall bo
entitled to or receive or shall be interested in any
share allowed to an informer under the internal rev-
enue law; and if any person coming within either of
these exceptions.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
That no revenue officer or other person connected
with or in the" employ of the Treasury Department,
or any branch thereof, shall be entitled to receive or
shall be interested in any share allowed to an in-
former under the internal revenue law in any case
with which such revenue officer or other person as
aforesaid shall be hereafter in any manner officially
connected unless such share shall be recovered by
the judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction,
and if any such officer or person as aforesaid.
And also to insert after the word "share"
in line three thousand and twenty-five the
words "as hereinbefore provided."
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to strike out the
words, "and the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, under regulations to he prescribed
by the Secretary of the Treasury, shall be, and
he is hereby, empowered to compromise any
case where the amount involved shall not ex-
ceed the sum of $500," and to insert in lieu
thereof the following:
Provided, farther, That the Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue, subject to the approval of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, and under such regulations as
the said Secretary shall prescribe, shall be, and# is
hereby, authorized and empowered to compromise
any case not pending in a court, or, if pending, with
the approval of the court having jurisdiction of the
ease.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. O'NEILL. I move to insert after the
