1886.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mn
the case before them and reported it back. It
was then referred to the Committee of Claims,
and on being reported back from that commit-
tee it was referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations. If it is going around again, why not
have it done to-day V
Mr. SPALDING. If the Committee of Elec-
tions will report this man has a good case, then
the Committee on Appropriations will report
to pay him. *
Mr. DAWES. The Committee of Elections
and the Committee of Claims have reported
several times.
Mr. SPALDING. The Committeeof Claims
reported against it.
Mr. SCHENCK. It has been referred four
or five times, and there seems to be no possi-
> bility of this man having his claim considered
by the House.
Mr. PAINE. I move to refer it to the Com-
mittee on Revisal and Unfinished Business.
The SPEAKER. That committee is com-
posed of four chairmen of principal commit-
tees.
There was no objection, and it was so
ordered.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
insisted on its amendments disagreed to by
the House to the bill (H. R. No. 261) making
appropriations for the consular and diplomatic
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing 30th June, 1867, and for other purposes;
had disagreed to the amendments of the House
to the ninth amendment of the Senate; had
agreed to the conference asked by the House,
and had appointed Messrs. Sumner, Trum-
bull, and Grimes ^conferees on the part of
the Senate. *
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed the bill (H. R. No. 727)
entitled "An act declaratory of an act en-
titled 'An act authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to issue registers to vessels in cer-
tain cases,' approved February 10, 1866,'' with
amendments, in which the concurrence of the
House was requested.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had passed a bill (S. No. 414) entitled
"An act to regulate the times and manner of
holding elections for Senators in Congress;"
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested.
election of senators.
On motion of Mr. COOK, Senate bill No.
414, to regulate the time and manner of hold-
ing elections for Senators was ordered to be
printed.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and-
found truly enrolled a bill of the Senate of the
following title; when the Speaker signed the
same:
A bill (S. No. 357) to aid in the construction
of telegraph lines, and. to secure to the Gov-
ernment the use of the same for postal, mili-
tary, and other purposes.
election contest again.
The SPEAKER stated the regular order of
business was the consideration^ the report of
the Committee of Elections in the case of Ful-
ler vs. Dawson, from the twenty-first congres-
sional district of Pennsylvania, on which the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Lawrence]
was entitled to the floor.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Speaker, there is no man in this House more
averse to public speaking than I am, and noth-
ing but an imperative sense of duty to the con-
testant, who is a personal acquaintance and
esteemed friend, and to the Union men of the
twenty-first district of Pennsylvania, induces
me now to trespass on the attention of the
House. I know almost all of these and know
how anxious they have been and are to be
properly represented, and there is not amore
worthy or intelligent set of men in any district
in_the_ State. They feel and have felt thatgreat
injustice is and has been done them, because
by the soldier vote the sitting member was de-
feated in 1862, and Mr. Stewart, of Indiana, a
competent and intelligent gentleman, elected
over him.
Mr. DAWSON. I never heard that urged
before.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. I re-
peat that the sitting member was defeated;
the exact majority I cannot give, but have
heard it was at least 50 votes, and perhaps
more.
Mr. DAWSON. This is the first time I
ever heard this urged, either here or in my
district.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. If the
gentleman denies it, then there is a question
of veracity between us, for I assert it on the
authority of the gentleman then electcd and
others. This district is composed of Fayette,
Westmoreland, and Indiana counties, and is a
close district—perhaps the Democrats have a
small majority, but Dr. Fuller, the contestant,
being a popular man, received more than the
party vote, and I believe was duly and honestly
elected, as was Mr. Stewart, in 1862. The
latter was urged to contest the seat, but as
the Democratic court of our State had de-
clared the act authorizing the soldiers to vote
unconstitutional, he did not contest. Yet the
decision in the case of Baldwin against Trow-
bridge, decided this session, would have cov-
ered his case fully, and set aside that decision
and making Congress the judge in the .case of
its own members. Had this case then, been
contested there can be little doubt the seat
would have been awarded to Stewart.
I dp not pretend that this is an argument
against the sitting member, and only refer to
it to show how unfortunate the district has
been; and, I repeat, they feel, and justly so,
that they have been misrepresented during
the last Congress.
I will now come to the report of the com-
mittee, upon which members seem to rely,
even without examining it. I have had mem-
bers of the House tell me again and again that
they never examined the report, but took it
for granted that if the Committee of Elections
reported in favor of the sitting member they
were bound to take that report. I confess
that I have done that myself in one or two in-
stances which I am free to say I should have
examined for myself. Now, sir, I undertake
to say that if every member of the House had
listened to the argument of my colleague on
the committee [Mr. Scofield] yesterday, there
would not be five fair-minded men in the House.
who would have dared to vote in favor of the
sitting member. I do not charge the commit-
tee with dishonesty by any means. I believe
there is not a committee in this House com-
posed of more honorable, high-minded, and
intelligent men than that committee. But I
say the majority of them are mistaken in
indorsing this report.
Let me refer to the gentleman who wrote the
report, [Mr. Paine.] In his remarks yester-
day he referred to something which the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania said to him. As I
made the statement, of course he means me.
I admit that I said I could find only two mem-
bers of the committee that agreed to the report,
and that is true. I did not talk with all^ the
members of the committee, but I ascertained
that the chairman of the committee [Mr.
Dawes] and the gentleman from Wisconsin
[Mr. Paine] agreed to the report, and no other
member of the committee. I afterward found
that the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Mc-
Clurg] had agreed to it. Now, how does it
stand? It appears from the record that five
members signed or agreed to the_report. Now,
I have as much respect for my friend from Illi-
nois [Mr. Marshall] and his Democratic col-
leagues as any gentleman in this House; but
we all know that they always sign the report
in favor of their party, and that the party sujj;
ports them. You cannot find an instance this
session in which they have not done it.
Mr. ROGERS. I will state the reason. It
is because every Democrat who has been turned
out has been wrongfully turned out.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. Well,
I will not undertake to say whether that is so
or not. I voted with the committee myself,
believing that they did not err in the matter;
but I say now that I can figure for myscl f
and am able to understand the facts that are
presented in this case, and I know that Mr.
Fuller had a majority of the votes cast in this
district. . And there is not an honest man in
the district, who can read and reflect, who
does not believe it, and that there has been
a great outrage perpetrated by this report.
But how is it in. regard to the committee ?
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Shellabar-
ger,] the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Scofield,] thegentleman from Vermont, [Mr.
Baxter,] and the gentleman from Michigan,
[Mr. Upson,] who has been called home by
sickness, refused or neglected to sign this re-
port. It is fair to infer, therefore, that they
are against it. So, then, you have four mem-
bers refusing to sign it and three in favor of
it. In other words, you have three Union
members of the committee agreeing with the
Democrats that sixteen or twenty soldiers
shall be disfranchised in order to keep the
sitting member in, and you have four Union
members declaring that the contestant is enti-
tled to the seat. Now, I do not consider that
that makes a very strong case. Admitting that
it is a majority, it is a majority of only one, and
that made up of Democrats who vote on all
occasions and under all circumstances that the
gentleman of their party shall have the seat.
Mr. Speaker, we have been anxious that our
soldiers should vote. I myself helped to pass
a law giving them the right to vote. But the
supreme court, being on the Democratic side,
set it aside.' I afterward helped to amend the
constitution. We passed it through at two
sessions of the Legislature and submitted it
to the people. And how did the Democrats
vote upon that? The returns show that 105,000
in Pennsylvania voted against it. And if I am
not mistaken, the very countyin which thegen-
tleman [Mr. Dawson] lives gave a majority
against that amendment. I do not believe
there is a Democrat in Fayette county—and
they are about as strongly impregnated with
southern feeling as any other—that voted in
favor of giving suffrage to the soldiers, unless
it was some who had been in the Army. We
labored 'hard to give the soldiers the right to
vote, and we passed the constitutional amend-
ment against the will of the Democrats.
Then we said to the men in the field that no
technicality in the manner or count should de-
prive them of their votes. We did not expect
the men in the field, fighting the enemy in
front with their bullets, and the enemy in the
rear with their ballots, could sit down and or-
ganize a board of clerks and all the parapher-
nalia of an election as they could do at home.
Hence we provided that no informality in^the
law should deprive them of their votes. Now,
my colleague [Mr. Scofield] proved yesterday
how this thing was done most conclusively. I
do not say it was done unfairly. My friend
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] knows that no
man holds him in higher regard than I do. But
he is not infallible. I hold that the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Shellabarger] and my col-
league [Mr. Scofield] each have as clear a
head as he has, and they are both prepared to
show to this House that if they agree to this
report they disfranchise the soldiers. The
committee make a long report, and they cover
two pages of paper to prove that the votes of a
single lot of soldiers, seven in number, in com-
pany A, one hundred and fifty-fifth regiment,
ought not to be allowed.
Mr. PAINE. I merely wish to say in regard
to that what I said yesterday, that of those two
pages taken up in explanation of that return
three fourths consists of the copy of the law
of Pennsylvania, which the committee did not
frame. I therefore could not well have writ-
ten less.
