372
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 18,
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
From Virginia City to American City.
Prom Aurora, via Columbus, to Silver Peak.
From Austin, via Kingston, Ophir Canon,
and San Antonia, to Silver Peak.
From lone, via Ophir Canon, Boiling Springs,
and San Antonia, to Crystal Springs.
oregon.
From Oregon City, via Cutting Mill, Glad
Tidings, Silverton, Sublimity, and Scio, to
Lebanon.
From Portland, via Union School House,
Philip Foster's on Clackemas, and Cuttings-
ville, to Silverton.
From Dallas, via Antelope Yalley, Camp
Watson, John Day City, Canyon City, Marys-
ville, Union, Strawberry Yalley, Camp Logan,
and Willow Creek, to Boise City, Idaho Ter-
ritory.
From Canyon City, via Susanville, Elk Dis-
trict, Trues Station, Olin Creek, Independence,
and Auburn, to Baker City.
california.
From Los Angelosto Havilah City, in Tulare
County.
From Drytown to El Dorado.
From Quincy, via Jamison City, Eureka
Mills, Seventy-Six, Red Clover Valley, Mo-
hawk, Little Humbug, and Beckworth's, to
Sierra Valley.
From Auburn, via Greenwood, to George-
town.
From San Rafael, via Olema and Bolimas, to
Petaluma.
From Woodland, via Cache Creek, to Buck-
eye.
west virginia.
From Sistersville, in Tyler County, via
Twiggs, to Hebron, in Pleasants County.
From Sago, in Upshur County, to Huttons-
ville, in Randolph County.
illinois.
From Winchester to Manchester.
From Elkhart, in Logan County, direct to
Sweet Water, in Menard County.
indiana.
From Nashville, in the county of Brown, to
Morgantown, in the county of Morgan.
Approved, July 18, 1866.
Chap. CCVIII.—An Act making Appropria-
tions for the Legislative, Executive, and Ju-
dicial Expenses of the Government for the
year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen
hundred and sixty-seven, and for other pur-
poses.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and the same are hereby, appropriated, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, for the objects hereinafter ex-
pressed, for tbe fiscal year ending the thirtieth
ot June, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven,
namely:
legislative.
For compensation and mileage of Senators,
two hundred and fifty-two thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For compensation of the officers, clerks, mes-
sengers, and others receiving an annual salary
in the service of the Senate, viz: Secretary of
the Senate, three thousand six hundred dol-
lars ; officer charged with disbursements of
the Senate, four hundred and eighty dollars;
chief clerk, two thousand five hundred dollars;
principal clerk and principal executive clerk
m the office of the Secretary of the Senate, at
two thousand one hundred and sixty dollars
each; eight clerks in office of the Secretary of
the Senate, at one thousand eight hundred and
fifty dollars each; keeper of the stationery, one
thousand seven hundred and fifty-two dollars;
two messengers, at one thousand and eighty
dollars each; one page, at five hundred dol-
lars; Sergeant-at-Arms and Doorkeeper, two
thousand dollars; assistant doorkeeper, one
thousand seven hundred dollars; Postmaster to
the Senate, one thousand seven hundred and
fifty dollars; assistant postmaster and mail car-
rier, one thousand four hundred and forty dol-
lars ; two mail boys, at one thousand dollars
each ; superintendent of the document-room,
one thousand five hundred dollars; two assist-
ants in document-room, at one thousand two
hundred dollars each; superintendent of the
folding-room, one thousand five hundred dol-
lars ; three messengers, acting as assistant door-
keepers, at one thousand five hundred dollars
each; sixteen messengers, at one thousand two
hundred dollars each ; clerk or secretary to the
President of the Senate, one thousand seven
hundred and fifty-two dollars; clerk to the
Committee on Finance, one thousand eight hun-
dred and fifty dollars; clerk to the Committee
on Claims, one thousand eight hundred and
fifty dollars; clerk of printing records, one
thousand eight hundred and fifty dollars; super-
intendent in charge of the furnaces, one thou-
sand two hundred dollars; assistant in charge
of furnaces, seven hundred and twenty dollars;
laborer in charge of private passages, seven
hundred and twenty dollars; two laborers, at
seven hundred and twenty dollars each ; Chap-
lain to the Senate, seven hundred and fifty dol-
lars ; one special policeman, seven hundred and
twenty dollars; making eighty thousand nine
hundred and fifty-four dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Senate, viz:
For stationery, seventeen thousand dollars.
For newspapers, five thousand dollars.
For Congressional Gflobe, twenty thousand
dollars.
For reporting proceedings in the Daily Globe
for the second session of the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress, twelve thousand dollars.
For the usual additional compensation to the
reporters of the Senate for the Congressional
Globe for reporting the proceedings of the Sen-
ate for the second regular session of the Thirty-
Ninth Congress, eight hundred dollars each,
four thousand dollars.
For one complete set of the Congressional
Globe and Appendix for each Senator in the
Thirty-Ninth Congress who has not already
received them: Provided, however, That any
Senator who has already, as a member of the
House of Representatives, received a portion
of a set of the Congressional Globe, shall only
be entitled to receive as such Senator the addi-
tional volumes required to complete one full
set, six thousand eight hundred dollars.
For paying the publishers of the Congres-
sional Globe and Appendix, according to the
number of copies taken, one cent forevery five
pages exceeding three thousand, including the
indexes and laws of the United States, twelve
thousand nine hundred dollars. -
For clerks to committees, pages, horses, and
carryalls, twenty thousand dollars.
For Capitol police, twenty-one thousand four
hundred and eighty dollars: Provided, That
three hundred and thirty dollars of the appro-
priation for the Capitol police may be used
during the present fiscal year.
For expenses of heating and ventilating ap-
paratus, twenty thousand five hundred dollars.
For miscellaneous items, thirty thousand
dollars.
For compensation and mileage of Members
of the House of Representatives and Delegates
from Territories, one million dollars.
For compensation of the officers, clerks, mes-
sengers, and others receiving an annual salary
in the service of the House of Representatives,
viz: Clerk of the House of Representatives,
three thousand six hundred dollars; chief
clerk and one assistant clerk, at two thousand
one hundred and sixty dollars each; eleven
clerks, at one thousand eight hundred dollars
each; principal messenger in the office, at four
dollars and eighty cents per day, one thousand
seven hundred and fifty-two dollars; three
messengers, at one thousand two hundred dol-
lars each; messenger to the Speaker, at four
dollars and eighty cents per day, one thousand
seven hundred and fifty-two dollars; clerk to
the Committee of Ways and Means, two thou-
sand one hundred and sixty dollars ; clerk to
the Committee on Appropriations, two thou-
sand one hundred atld sixty dollars; elerk to
the Committee of Claims, one thousand eight
hundred dollars; elerk to the Committee on
Public Lands, one thousand eight hundred dol-
lars ; Sergeant-at-Arms, two thousand one hun-
dred and sixty dollars; clerk to the Sergeant-
at-Arms, one thousand eight hundred dollars;
messenger to the Sergeant-at-Arms, one thou-
sand, two hundred dollars; Postmaster, two
thousand one hundred and sixty dollars; as-
sistant postmaster, one thousand seven hun-
dred and forty dollars; four messengers, at one
thousand four hundred and forty dollars each;
two mail boys, at nine hundred dollars each;
Capitol police, twenty-one thousand four hun
dred and eighty dollars: Provided, That three
hundred and thirty dollars of the appropriation
for the Capitol police may be used during the
present fiscal year; Doorkeeper, two thousand
one hundred and sixty dollars; superintendent
of the folding-room, one thousand eight hun-
dred dollars; superintendent of the document-
room and assistant, at one thousand seven hun-
dred and fifty-two dollars; one messenger, at
one thousand seven hundred and forty dollars;
five messenger's, at one thousand five hundred
dollars each; six messengers, at one thousand
two hundred dollars each; twelve messengers,
to be employed during the session of Congress,
at the rate of one thousand two hundred dol-
lars each per annum; Chaplain to the House of
Representatives, seven hundred and fifty dol-
lars ; for stenographer, thirty-six hundred and
fifty dollars; making one hundred and thirteen
thousand one hundred and forty dollars.
For contingent expenses of the House of
Representatives, viz:
1 or cartage, two thousand dollars.
For clerks to committees and temporary
clerks of the House of Representatives, eight-
een thousand five hundred and seventy-six
dollars.
For twenty-four copies of the Congressional
Globe and Appendix for each Member and
Delegate of the second regular session of the
Thirty-Ninth Congress, and one hundred copies
of the same for the House library, seventeen
thousand seven hundred and ninety-six dollars.
For paying the publishers of the Congres-
sional Globe and Appendix, according to the
number of copies taken, one cent for every
five pages exceeding three thousand, including
the indexes and the laws of the United States,
eight thousand five hundred and fifty dollars.
For folding documents, including materials,
thirty thousand dollars.
For fuel and lights, pay of engineers, fire-
men, and laborers, repairs, and materials, fif-
teen thousand dollars.
For furniture, repairs, and packing-boxes
for members, ten thousand dollars.
For horses, carriages, and saddle horses,
nine thousand dollars.
For laborers, eight thousand four hundred
dollars.
For miscellaneous items, thirty thousand
dollars.
For newspapers, twelve thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For pages and temporary mail boys, ten
thousand dollars.
For reporting and publishing proceedings in
the Daily Globe, ten thousand five hundred
dollars.
For stationery, eighteen thousand dollars.
For the usual additional compensation to the
reporters of the House for the Congressional
Globe for reporting the proceedings of the
House for the second regular session of the
Thirty-Ninth Congress, eight hundred dollars
each, four thousand eight hundred dollars.
