1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2818
Mr. MORRILL. I move to insert in line
two, after the word " nine," the word "ten."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Sr.c. 11. And be it further enacted, That from and
after tho passage of this act the articles and products
hereinafter enumerated shall be exempt from inter-
nal tax or duty: animal charcoal, or carbon, bees-
wax, crude or unrefined, barrels and casks, other
than those used for the reception of fluids, and pack-
ing boxes made of wood.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to insert "match-
boxes made of wood or paper."
Mr. THAYER. Are these considered as
separate paragraphs, and open to amendment
as such?
The CHAIRMAN. They are.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to insert after the word "wood" the words
"boxes of wood or paper for friction matches,
cigar lights, and wax tapers."
Mr. MORRILL. I accept that as a modifi-
cation of my amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Bristles.
Mr. DARLING. I move to insert "and
bone buttons." If there is any propriety in
exempting bristles we should also exempt
bone buttons.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not like to say that
I do not eare a button about this amendment,
but if we exempt bone buttons the next mem-
ber will get up and move to exempt ivory but-
tons and pearl buttons. I do not see why we
should begin to exempt one without exempting
all the others.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Candle wieting, coffins, and burial eases.
Mr. STEVEN'S. I move to insent "corks
made of corkwood or bark." I will mention
until lately these were made by hand. Re-
cently the ingenious people Qf Connecticut
have invented machines for the purpose. The
corkwood and bark which are already heavily
taxed come from Spain. The tax is injurious
to the business.
Mr. MORRILL. These articles are not of
such recent introduction. Machinery has been
long used in making them. They have been
made in this country since the tariff of 1861,
when the duty on cork was raised.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Crucibles of all kiftds; crates, and grain or farm
baskets made of splints; crutches and artificial limbs,
eyes, and teeth; deer-skins, dressed or smoked;
feather beds, mattresses, palliasses, bolsters, and
pillows; fertilizers of all kinds; flasks and patterns
used by founders.
Mr. BERGEN. I move to insert "retorts'
made wholly or in part of clay." Mr. Chair-
man, clay retorts are used in the manufacture
of gas. Formerly they were imported, but
lately they have commenced the manufacture
of them in this country. They are the same
articles as crucibles, and if they are not ex-
empted they will not be able to compete with
the foreign manufacture.
Mr. DEMING. I move to amend by adding
"retort courteous." [Laughter.]
The amendment to tho amendment was dis-
agreed to.
The amendment was then rejected.
• Mr. PRICE. I move to strike out line nine-
teen, which is "flavoring extracts, solely for
Cooking purposes." I cannot see why flavor-
ing extracts for cooking purposes should be
exempt from taxation. I hope these words
will be stricken out.
Mr. HALE. I would inquire if,this para-
graph affects the interest alluded to by the
gentleman from Connecticut, [Mr. Hubbard,]
yesterday. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORRILL. The gentleman from Con-
necticut [Mr. Hobiurd] is present, and is of
age, and he can answer for himself. I should
suppose he did not.
Mr. Chairman, these articles are used in
almost every kitchen in the country, and they
were put on the free list merely because they
are necessary articles in the rural districts.
They may not be necessary in the cities where
pine-apples, lemons, and oranges can be ob-
tained; but in the country districts flavoring
extracts are almost indispensable. They are
used very extensively in the great Northwest.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. PRICE. I move to strike outline twenty,
which is "gold leaf and gold foil." If we can-
not tax gold leaf and gold foil, then I do not
know what we can tax. I am at a loss to know
why these articles should be exempt from tax-
ation. That is all I have to say. I do not
think any extended remarks are needed on this
subject.
Mr. MORRILL. If there is any article upon
the free list that ought to he exempted it is gold
leaf. The work of manufacturing it is as hard
as that of the common blacksmith ; and yet, by
the tax law as it now exists, if a man by the
sweat of his brow hammers out what makes
up a book of it, he has not only to pay a tax
on the value of the labor, but also a tax on the
value of the gold used in addition. Now, these
men who manufacture it are employed at so
much per book; the gold is weighed out to
them, and with hammer and anvil and gold-
beater's skin they do the work, for very small
wages, and then are required to return the
exact amount of the gold received without
diminution.
Mr. PRICE. I would inquire of the gentle-
man whether the laborer pays the tax or whether
it is not paid by the proprietor, by the dealer.
Mr. MORRILL. I will state that the amount
collected last year from this source throughout
the United States was, I believe, less than 3100.
Mr. PRICE. The gentleman does not an-
swer my question. It is not the laborer that
pays the tax.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. PRICE. I move now to strike out
line twenty-one, which is "keys, actions, and
strings for musical instruments." All the ma-
chinery of pianos and other musical instruments
is not presumed to be used by the poor or the
middling classes, but by the rich.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. The
gentleman is interfering with the harmony of
the tax bill. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORRILL. I do not know that it is
necessary for me to make any explanation of
this paragraph. It is designed merely to pre-
vent the duplication of taxes. These parts of
an instrument are made by one party and sold
to the persons who manufacture organs used
in churches and the musical instruments used
in drawing-rooms, and especially the instru-
ments used by those who have our special re-
gard—those taken care of by the Freedmen's
Bureau. I trust that we^shall let the tax stand
as it is.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike outlines
twenty-two and twenty-three, which are '' lamps
and lanterns, the glass and metals of which
have paid the tax assessed thereon." I offer
that amendment for the reason that it would
be almost impracticable to collect this tax.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. O'NETLL. I move to insert in line
twenty-four, after the word "kinds," thewords
"and mead;" so that it will read " medicinal
and mineral waters of all kinds, and mead,
sold in bottles or from fountains."
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. DONNELLY. Tn line twenty-six I move
to insert, after the word "coal," thewords "and
peat;" so that the clause will read; "mineral
coal and peat of all kinds."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Oakum; paintings and statues, and groups of stat-
uary produced by artists as works of art.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to strike out the provision in regard to paint-
ings, &c., and to insert in lieu thereof the fol-
lowing;
Original paintings, statues, and groups of statu-
ary; and casts made thereof by the artist from tie
original design.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows;
Photographs, or any other sun picture, being copies
of engravingsor works of art, when the same are sold
by the producer at wholesale at a price not exceed-
ing ten cents each, or are used for the illustration of
books, and on photographs so small in size that stamps
cannot be affixed.
Mr. MORRILL. In line thirty-two I move to
strikeout the word "ten" and insert "fifteen."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to strike out the words "and on photographs
'so small in size that stamps cannot be affixed."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Paper of all descriptions, books, maps, charts, and
all printed matter, and book-binding.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend that par-
agraph by inserting after the word "descrip-
tions" the words " except such as is manufac-
tured an d used exclusively for wearing apparel.''
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Productions of stercotypers, electrotypers, lithog-
raphers, and engravers; repairs of articlesof all kinds;
starch; soap, valued at not above three cents per
pound; umbrellas and parasols, and umbrella sticks.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend the last
paragraph by striking out the word '' umbrella''
where it occurs before the word " sticks" and
inserting the words "frames for the same."
Mr. THAYER. I wish to make a sugges-
tion to the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, and that is, that he add the words
"and umbrella and parasol furniture." There
is included in that designation the small parts
of the umbrella called "notches," and also
"handles" and "ferrules." They are parts
of the umbrella and parasol, and they are not
parts of any other article which is taxed. If
the gentleman wishes to extend this degree of
favor to the manufacturers of umbrellas and
parasols, it is perfectly proper that he should
include all the parts of those articles.
Mr. DARLING. Why not say all parts of
the umbrella?
Mr. THAYER. The articles I speak of are
known to manufacturers as umbrella and par-
asol furniture. They constitute the small parts
or fixings of the umbrella. Now, the gentle-
man from Vermont has put into this paragraph
the "sticks" and the steel frames, which it
was perfectly proper that he should do, because
there is a disreimination against these articles
under the present adjustment of the tariff of at
least forty per cent. I hope the gentleman will
agree to the amendment-
Mr. O'NEILL. I ask my colleague to ac-
cept this amendment:
And the ivory, bone, and wood-work used in mak-
ing umbrellas, parasols, and canes.
Mr. THAYER. Do not put in canes ; they
are luxuries.
Mr. O'NEILL. Well, strike out canes.
Mr. MORRILL. The makers of umbrellas
and parasols were quite content with the pro-
visions in relation to umbrellas and parasols as
it was originally arranged. Since that time
they have informed us that it would be a great
favor if we would also exempt frames and
handles. That exemption embraces the chief
parts of the article; and, as we are not to get
any revenue from the article when finished,
this seemed to the Committee of Ways and
Means to be a fair provision, and one that
gentlemen representing the interest should ac-
cept. I hope that we shall not introduce any
such word as " furniture" into this clause,
which may be liable to all sorts of misinter-
pretation.
Mr. THAYER. I am sorry to hear from
the gentleman from Vermont that this amend-
ment cannot be made with the present adjust-
ment of the internal revenue law and the tariff.
That is a poor answer to make to a great in-
dustrial interest, or even to a humble indus-
trial interest. Now, I wish the House to
understand exactly how it is in regard to this
matter. By the existing tariff silks pay a duty
