1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBS.
Laws of the United States.
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
' PUBLIC PRINTING.
For compensation of the Superintendent of
Public Printing, and the clerks and messengers
in his office, eleven thousand five hundred and
fourteen dollars.
For contingent expenses of his office, viz:
for stationery, postage, advertising, furniture,
traveling expenses, horses and wagons, and
miscellaneous items, two thousand dollars.
For the public printing, three hundred and
sixty-nine thousand four hundred dollars.
For paper for the public printing, four hun-
dred and fifty-six thousand eight hundred and
ninety-two dollars.
For the public binding, three hundred and
fifty-two thousand two hundred and four dol-
lars.
For mapping in cases pending in the Su-
preme Court of the United States, three thou-
sand dollars.
For lithographing and engraving for the Sen-
ate and House of Representatives, seventy-five
thousand dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to
purchase of Messrs. Little, Brown, and Com-
pany two thousand copies of the thirteenth
volume of the United States Statutes-at-Large,
for distribution agreeably to the acts of Con-
gress directing the distribution of the other
volumes, seven thousand dollars.
LIBRARY OP CONGRESS.
For compensation of Librarian, five assist-
ant librarians, messenger, and laborers, twelve
thousand six hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of said Library, two
thousand dollars.
For purchase of books for said Library, eight
thousand dollars.
For purchase of law hooks for said Library,
two thousand dollars.
For Botanic Garden, grading, draining, pro-
curing manure, tools, fuel, and repairs, and
purchasing trees and shrubs, under the direc-
tion of the Library Committee of Congress,
three thousand three hundred dollars.
For pay of superintendent and assistants,
and assistants in Botanic Garden and green-
houses, under direction of the Library Commit-
tee of Congress, six thousand one hundred
and forty-five dollars and eighty cents.
For purchasing files of the leading American
newspapers for said Library, one thousand five
hundred dollars.
COURT OF CLAIMS.
For salaries of five judges of the_ Court of
Claims, the solicitor, assistant solicitor, dep-
uty solicitor, clerk and assistant clerk, and
bailiff thereof, thirty-five thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For stationery, books, fuel, labor, and other
contingent and miscellaneous expenses, three
thousand dollars.
For compensation of attorneys to attend to
taking testimony, witnesses, and commission-
ers, one thousand dollars.
For payment of judgments rendered by the
court in favor of claimants, in addition to the
unexpended balance of the appropriation for
the fiscal year ending June thirty, eighteen
hundred and sixty-five, five hundred thousand
dollars: Provided, That judgments already ren-
dered may be paid out of this appropriation
at any time after the passage of this act.
EXECUTIVE.
For compensation of the President of the
United States, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For compensation of secretary to sign pat-
ents for public lands, one thousand five hun-
dred. dollars. .
For compensation to the Private Secretary,
steward, and messenger of the President of
the United States, four thousand six hundred
dollars. „ ,
For contingent expenses of the executive
office, including stationery therefor, four thou-
sand dollars.
DEPARTMENT OF STATE.
For compensation of the Secretary of State
and Assistant Secretary of State, chief clerk,
superintendent of statistics, clerks, messenger,
assistant messenger, and laborers in his office,
fifty-eight thousand three hundred dollars
For increase to one messenger, one hundred
dollars.
For increase to assistant, one hundred and
forty dollars.
For the Incidental and Contingent Expenses of
the Department of State.
For publishing the laws in pamphlet form
and in newspapers of the States and Territo-
ries, and in the city of Washington, twenty-
five thousand dollars.
For publishing the laws ofthe Thirty-Seventh
and Thirty-Eighth Congresses in two newspa-
pers in each of the lately insurgent States,
fifteen thousand dollars.
For proof-reading, and packing the laws and
documents for the various legations and con-
sulates, including boxes and transportation of
the same, four thousand dollars.
For stationery, blank books, furniture, fix-
tures, and repairs, five thousand dollars.
For miscellaneous items, two thousand five
hundred dollars.
For copper-plate printing, books, and maps,
five thousand dollars.
For extra clerk hire and copying, ten thou-
sand dollars.
For the general purposes of the Northeast
Executive Building.
For compensation of four watchmen and
two laborers of the Northeast Executive Build-
ing, three thousand six hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of said building,
viz: for fuel, lights, repairs, and jniscellane-
ous expenses, five thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
TREASURY DEPARTMENT.
For compensation of the Secretary of the
Treasury, two Assistant Secretaries of the
Treasury, chief clerk, supervising architect
and assistant architect, clerks, messengers, as-
sistant messenger, and laborers, one hundred
and eighteen thousand two hundred dollars.
For compensation of the First Comptroller,
chief clerk, and the clerks, messengers, and
laborers in his office, forty-seven thousand nine
hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation o'f the Second Comptroller,
chief .clerk, and the clerks, messenger, assist-
ant messenger, and laborer iu his office, one
hundred and thirty-four thousand three hundred
and eighty dollars.
For compensation of the First Auditor, chiet
clerk, and the clerks, _ messenger, assistant
messenger, and laborer in his office, fifty-nine
thousand two hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the Second Auditor,
chief clerk, and the clerks, messenger, assist-
ant messengersj and laborers in his office, five
hundred and twenty-one thousand one hundred
and sixty dollars. , ■ c
Forcompensation of the Third Auditor, chiet
clerk, and the clerks, messengers, _ assistant
messengers, and laborers in his office, three
hundred and eighty-two thousand and eighty
dollars. „ , „ , , ...
For compensation of the Fourth Auditor,
chief clerk, and the clerks, messenger, and
assistant messenger, and laborer m his office,
one hundred and ten thousand five hundred
and forty dollars.
For compensation of the Fifth Auditor, chiet
clerk, and the clerks, messenger, and laborer
in his office, forty-seven thousand eight hun-
dred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the Auditor of the
Treasury for the Post Office Department, chiet
clerk, and the clerks, messenger, assistant mes-
senger, and the laborers in his office, one hun-
dred and ninety-one thousand five hundred and
forty dollars.
For compensation of the Treasurer of the
United States, assistant treasurer, cashier, as-
sistant cashier, chiefs of division, book-keep-
ers, tellers, assistant tellers, chief clerk, and
the clerks, messengers, assistant messengers,
and laborers in his office, one hundred and
sixty-nine thousand three hundred and eighty
dollars.
For compensation of the Register of the
Treasury, assistant registe^ chief clerk, and
the clerks, messengers, assistant messenger,
and laborers in his office, ninety thousand
eight hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the Solicitor of the
Treasury, chief clerk, and the clerks and mes-
senger in his office, eighteen thousand three
hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the Commissioner of
Customs, chief clerk, and the clerks, messen-
ger, and laborer in his office, forty thousand
six hundred and forty dollars. _
For compensation of the chief clerk, clerks,
messenger, and laborer of the Light-House
Board, nine thousand two hundred and forty
dollars.
For compensation of the Comptroller of the
Currency, deputy comptroller, clerks, messen-
gers, and laborers, one hundred and twenty-
thousand two hundred dollars.
For paper, special dies, and printing of cir-
culating notes, and expenses necessarily in-
curred (including express charges) in procur-
ing the same, in the office of the Comptroller
of the Currency, one hundred and fiftj' thou-
sand dollars.
For salaries of Commissioner, deputy com-
missioner, and clerks of Internal Revenue
Office, together with rent, dies, paper, and so
forth, for stamps and incidental expenses, in-
cluding the cost of subscription to such num-
ber of copies of the "Internal Revenue Rec-
ord and Customs Journal" as the Secretary
of the Treasury may deem necessary to supply
the revenue officers, one million dollars.
For office furniture, maps, labor, miscella-
neous items, and other contingent expenses
for the office of the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, fifty thousand dollars.
Contingent Expenses of the Treasury Depart-
ment.
In the office of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury :
For copying, labor, binding, sealing ships'
registers, translating foreign languages, adver-
tising, and extra clerk hire for ^preparing and
collecting information to be laid before Con-
gress, and for miscellaneous items, fifty thou-
sand dollars. .
For compensation of temporary clerks mthe
Treasury Department, and for additional com-
pensation to officers and clerks^ in the same
Department, one hundred and sixty thousand
dollars: Provided, That the temporary clerks
herein provided for may be classified accord-
ing to the character of their services: Provided
further, That so much of the appropriation of
two hundred and fifty thousand dollars, granted
by act approved March second, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-iivc, for compensation of 'em"
porary clerks in the Treasury Department, and
for additional compensation to clerks m the
same Department, as remains unexpended shall
be divided as follows, viz: one hundred dol-
lars each shall be paid to the clerks m said -De-
partment of the first and second classes, who
have not recived any additional compensation
out of said appropriation, and who shall have
served in said capacity for one year previous
to Julv first, eighteen hundred and sixty-six.
And one hundred dollars shall be paid to each
person employed in said Departmentappointed
bv the Secretary, at an annual salary amount-
insj to less than twelve hundred dollars, and
who shall have served under such appointment
for one year previous to July first, eighteen
hundred and sixty-six. And if the balance of
said appropriation remaining unexpended shall
