374
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 23,
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
be insufficient to pay said clerks and appointees,
the sum of one hundred dollars each, as herein
provided, the deficiency shall be supplied and
paid out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
In the office of the First Comptroller:
For furniture, public documents, State and
territorial statutes, postage, and miscellaneous
items, one thousand dollars.
In the office of the Second Comptroller:
For blank books, binding, furniture, and
miscellaneous items, including subscription to
one city newspaper, to be bound and preserved
for the use of the office, four thousand dollars.
In the office of the First Auditor:
For stationery, office furniture, and miscel-
laneous items, one thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
In the office of the Second Auditor:
For office furniture and miscellaneous items,
including two of the city newspapers, to be
filed and preserved for the use of the office,
twenty-five thousand dollars.
In the office of the Third Auditor:
For office furniture, carpeting, two news-
papers, preserving files and papers, bounty-
land service, and miscellaneous items, fifteen
thousand dollars.
In the office of the Fourth Auditor:
For contingent expenses of the office, in-
cluding two daily newspapers, three thousand
dollars.
In the office of the Fifth Auditor:
For postage, furniture, and miscellaneous
expenses, in which are included two daily news-
papers, two thousand dollars.
In the office of the Auditor for the Post Office
Department:
For contingent expenses of the office, six
thousand dollars.
In the office of the Treasurer :
For contingent expenses of the office, seven
thousand five hundred dollars.
In the office of the Register:
For arranging and binding canceled marine
papers, and for official papers and records, and
miscellaneous items, including office furniture,
eight thousand dollars.
Office of the Solicitor of the Treasury:
For books, binding, stationery, labor, and
miscellaneous items, and for statutes arid re-
ports, and for care of library, two thousand
two hundred dollars.
Office of the Commissioner of Customs:
For stationery, miscellaneous items, and
office furniture, three thousand dollars.
Light-House Board, viz:
For miscellaneous expenses and postage, six
hundred dollars.
Office of the Comptroller of the Currency:
For furniture and miscellaneous items, five
thousand dollars.
For stationery for the Treasury Department
and its several bureaus, one hundred and
twenty-five thousand dollars.
For the general purposes of the Southeast Ex-
ecutive Building, including the Extension.
For compensation of twelve "watchmen and
eleven laborers of the Southeast Executive
Building, thirteen thousand eight hundred
dollars.
For contingent expenses of said building,
viz: for fuel, light, labor, and miscellaneous
items, seventy-five thousand dollars.
For rent of buildings for the accommodation
of clerks who cannot be accommodated in the
Treasury building, two thousand dollars.
DEPARTMENT OP THE IXTERIOR.
For compensation of the Secretary of the
Interior, Assistant Secretary, chief clerk, and
the clerks, messenger, assistant messengers,
watchmen, and laborers in his office, forty-six
thousand three hundred and eighty dollars.
For compensation of the Commissioner of
the General Land Office, chief clerk, recorder,
draughtsman, assistant draughtsman, clerks,
messengers, assistant messengers, packers,
watchmen, and laborers in his office, one hun-
dred and seventy-five thousand four hundred
and forty dollars, *
Enor compensation of additional clerks in the
General Land- Office, under the act of third
March, one thousand eight hundred and fifty-
five, granting bounty land, and for laborers
employed therein, fifty-eight thousand six hun-
dred and forty dollars: Provided, That the Sec-
retary of the Interior, at his discretion, shall
be, and he is hereby, authorized to use any
portion of said appropriation for piece-work,
or by the day, week, month, or year, at such
rate or rates as he may deem just and fair, not
exceeding a salary of twelve hundred dollars
per annum.
For compensation of the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs, chief clerk, and the clerks,
messenger, assistant messenger, watchmen,
and laborer in his office, thirty-one thousand
nine hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the Commissioner of
Pensions, chief clerk, and the clerks, messen-
gers, assistant messengers, watchman, and la-
borers in his office, two hundred and fifteen
thousand three hundred and forty dollars.
For additional clerks in the Pension Office,
twenty-one thousand dollars: Provided, That
the Secretary of the Interior, at his discretion,
shall be, and is hereby, authorized to use any
portion of said appropriation for piece-work,
or by the day, week, month, or year, at sueh
rate or rates as he may deem just and fair, not
exceeding a salary of twelve hundred dollars
per annum.
Contingent ^Expenses — Department of the
Interior.
Office of the Secretary of the Interior:
For stationery, furniture, and other contin-
gencies, and for books and maps for the library,
seven thousand dollars.
For casual repairs of the Patent Office build-
ing, twelve thousand five hundred dollars.
For expenses of packing and distributing
congressional journals and documents, in pur-
suance of the provisions contained in the joint
resolution of Congress approved twenty-eighth
January, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, and
act fifth February, eighteen hundred and fifty-
nine, six thousand dollars.
For fuel and lights for the Patent Office
building, including the salaries of engineer and
assistant engineer of the furnaces, eighteen
thousand dollars.
Office of the Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs :
For blank books, binding, stationery, and
miscellaneous items, including two of the daily
city newspapers, to be filed, bound, and pre-
served for the use of the office, four thousand
dollars.
Office of the Commissioner of Pensions:
For stationery, engraving, and retouching
plates for bounty-land warrants, and binding
the same, office furniture, and repairing the
same, and miscellaneous items, including two
city daily newspapers, to be filed, bound, and
preserved for the use of the office, fifteen thou-
sand dollars.
Office, of the Commissioner of Public
Buildings:
For compensation of the Commissioner of
Public Buildings, and the clerk and messen-
ger in his office, four thousand two hundred
dollars.
For stationery, blank books, plans, draw-
ings, and other contingent expenses of his
office, five hundred dollars.
Surveyors General aitd their Clerics.
For compensation of the surveyor general
of Wisconsin and Iowa, and clerks for com- I,
plcting and winding up the business in his of-
fice, four thousand eight hundred dollars: Pro-
vided, That when this appropriation shall have
been exhausted, the said office shall be abol-
ished.
For compensation of the surveyor general
of Minnesota, and the clerks in his office, eight
thousand three hundred dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general
of the Territories of Dakota and Montana, and
the clerks in his office, six thousand three hun-
dred dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general
of Kansas and Nebraska, and the clerks in his
office, eight thousand three hundred dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
the Territories of Colorado, Utah, and Idaho,
and the clerks in his office, seven thousand
dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general
of New Mexico and Arizona, three thousand
dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general
of California and Nevada, and the clerks in
his office, fourteen thousand dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general
of Oregon, and the clerks in his office, six
thousand five hundred dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general
of Washington Territory, and the clerks in his
office, six thousand five hundred dollars.
For compensation of recorder of land titles
in Missouri, five hundred dollars.
For rent of surveyor general's office in Ore-
gon, fuel, books, stationery, and other inci-
dental expenses, including pay of messenger,
fifteen hundred dollars.
For rent of surveyor general's office of Cali-
fornia and Nevada, fuel, books, stationery, and
other incidental expenses, including pay of
messenger, five thousand dollars.
For office rent for the surveyor general of
Washington Territory, fuel, books, stationery,
and other incidental expenses, two thousand
dollars.
For office rent of the surveyor general of
Kansas and Nebraska, fuel, and incidental ex-
penses, two thousand dollars.
For rent of surveyor general's office in the
Territories of Dakota and Montana, fuel, books,
stationery, and other incidental expenses, two
thousand dollars.
For rent of office for the surveyor general of
Colorado, Utah, and Idaho Territories, fuel,
books, stationery, and other incidental ex-
penses, one thousand five hundred dollars.
Expenses of Courts of the United States.
For defraying the expenses of the Supreme
Court and district courts of the United States,
including the District of Columbia, and also
for jurors and witnesses, in aid of funds aris-
ing from fines, penalties, and forfeitures, in the
fiscal year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-seven, and previous years, and
likewise for defraying the expenses of suits in
which the United States are concerned, in-
cluding legal assistance to the Attorney Gen-
eral, and other special and extraordinary ex-
penditures, in cases in the Supreme Court of
the United States, in which the United States
are concerned, and of prosecutions for offenses
committed against the United States, and for
the safe-keeping of prisoners, in addition to
the unexpended balances of appropriations to
the credit of the judiciary fund on Juno thir-
tieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-six, required
to meet the expenses of the courts being re-
established in the southern States, so much of
the act of March two, eighteen hundred and
sixty-five, carrying said unexpended balances
of appropriations into the Treasury being, and
the same is hereby, repealed, and to replace
to the credit of the judiciary fund the amount
of four thousand dollars, withdrawn therefrom
and expended upon the custom-house at New
Orleans, three hundred and four thousand
dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to
