1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
791
to support the proclamations and laws relat-
ing to slavery. No friend of the country will
of coarse object to any wholesome limitations
upon the privilege; but if it was not competent
to the President, not to confer, but only to per-
mit it to the black man, what authority was
there to limit it in this way to.the white man?
Neither the Constitution of the United States
nor that of any of the States has ever required
an oath of this sort from the voter. If he could
impose this, what was there to prevent him li urn
swearing them to the observance of all acts ot
Congress and all proclamations, or requiring
them to swear that they had nevei given a:iv aid
"oi countenance to the rebellion? 11 he could
disfranchise the unconvicted traitor, what was
there to prevent him from enfranchising the
loyal man who has become free? But what is
the security which it furnishes? How long is
the obligation lo endure? Did it binu the mem-
bers of the conventions? And if these bodies
hax e defined the qualification in a different way,
are the voters now free ?
The programme is in effect to recommit these
governments to the hands ol the very men who
hurried them into the rebellion, upon the sole
condition of a new obligation of fealty, after
having .just broken a previous one, and to aban-
don the field to the conquered as soon as it is
won ! Was ever such a denouement to such a
drama? lint is there anybody in the loyal
States wlio is willing to release all the securi-
ties, all the rights and advantages acquired by
the war, and prescribe no terms to those whose
lips have just been dyed with peijurv, and whoso
hands are still dripping with the blood of our
butchered sons, except a renewal of their al-
ready broken vows, which they will make vol-
untarily, and then claim to lia\e no binding
force because they have been made under a
sort of duress, on the ctlnes taught by a distin-
guished casuist. of .Maryland? What kind of
a test is this for a statesman? ould any
lational Government on earth be content with
such a caution ? ho docs not know its utter
worthlessncs? "What is it but the flaxen tie
that bound the wrists of the Hebrew champion?
What ii its value, in view of the events of the
rebellion that have now passed into history?
How is our past experience ? Have these peo-
ple ever kept faith with us Did it hold any of
the rebel leaders who iilled employments either
civil or military under the Federal Govern-
ment, or under "those of the revolting States?
Was not, perjury exalted into honor ot the high-
est chivalric tvpe ; children taught by their own
southern mothers that they were under no obli-
gation to keep faith with Yankees, and that
tliev might swear ami forswear themseh es again
ami agaLi, to save their persons or their prop-
erty : and the very highest species ot the crurai
fdioi canonized even by the tenucr and atl.nir-
'ing regards of northern generals and northern
statesmen? it may be safety assumed, as a
general proposition.' that those who were mo^t
forward to abjure their sworn allegiancc here,
will be the lirst to violate their new-made vows,
by swearing ihcmsel\es back again into legis-
lative honors and governmental favors. hut
will you consent to turn over the lew liiioii
white men, andyour thousands ol iaitlitul alues
among the blacks, to the tender mercies of these
unconverted and unrepentant rebels, atia hiin^
them back again into these Halls on pledges ot
fidelity that amount at last to no more than an
engagement tint to repeat an experiment against
which vou will now want no other security than
the recollection of jour power? If you are
wise vou will not be content with any assurances
that are eit her purchased by interest or extorted
by necessitv. You will render it impossible
for them to deceive you again, by refusing to
trust them until they shall have reestablished
their title to j our confidence. Security is more
important to you than punishment, ay. even
than the demands of justice. Others may do
as thev please, but as for me,"I must beg to
be excused from giving my faith to these new-
fledo-ed neophytes, these unbaptized renegades,
until they have stripped to the skin and battled
themselves thoroughly in the waters of regen-
eration.
Hut, supposing this guarantee be a merely
executive amotion, how does the manner of
performance square with the object sought to
be attained ? The obligation is to assure a gov-
ernment that shall be republican. The mean- j
ing of this is that it shall be a government of
the people. The process adopted, in direct
contravention of the principles of the message,
is to lodge the power in the hands of a privi-
leged class, the same that held it before, dis-
tinguishable only by the accident of color, along
with a disloyalty to the Union that was almost
universal, and composing, in some instances, a
minority of the whole population. Does this
look like a fulfillment of the obligation, or even
squint in that direction? The form, it ii true,
may lie republican, because it looks to repre-
sentation by election. But that is not the test.
Jf it were, every constitutional monarchy ill
Europe micht be brought wiiliin the category.
It is the distinction of classes, the permanent
limitation of the right of suffrage to a favored
few, that makes the difference between the aris-
tocratic and republican forms, and there isnor.e
other, in this case the right is confined to the
loyal white man who will take the oath. 'This,
however, if not an oligarchy or government of
the few, is at least an aristocracy or government
of classes, and furnishes a perfect exemplifi-
cation of just that species of legislation which is
so earnestly reprobated in those passages of the
message where the President informs us that,
"tliis Government springs fiom and was made
for the people;" I bat "it should, from thevcry
coiisideruuou ofits origin, be stiongin its power
of i distance against the establishment ot ine-
qualities:" that ''monopolies, perpetuities, and
class legislation are contrary to the genius of a
free (1 ovcniincut. and oiurht not to be allowed;'
that "lieie there is no room for favored e'asses
or monopolies,"' and that ''we shall full.ll our
duties as legishitor  by accord ing equal and exact
justice to all men, special piivilegcs to none."
If 1 have found occasion lo coniinend his prac-
tice at the expeii <e of his theory upon the ques-
tion of Stale sinlessness and Stateimmortahty.
subseribingas 1 do lnostheartity to these axioms
of political science, I shall feel myselt compelled
to adjust the account by following his aduee in
opposition to his practice here. •* Class legis-
lation" and •' special privileges" of a sovereign
ebaiaeicr. aie the distinguishing features of his
plan, and it is, therefoie. by the erection of an
aristocracy that the guarantee of a republic is
to lie made good !
Whether these States be in the Union or not,
it is conceded by the UxecUve. m the cflui't
I to prcnide them' v, itli i epitblK an governments.
| that thev are now without them ; and this, f
suppose, lot the ica-on mat they nave no gov-
ernments at all. The same result, howe^ct.
would have followed from the change in ihe
condition of the slave.
only denies to a majorhy, or oven a Jarge por-
tion ofits free citizens, the privilege ofany share
in its administration, but rejects their testimony
as witnesses, interdicts 10 them the acquisition
of knowledge, or refuses the advantages of the
marital relation, is not republican, and the
men who have made these laws, and insist on
maintaining them now, will never make it so.
Mr. burke remarks that, taking the State Jo
mean "the whole commonwealth, with all its
orders, and ail the rights appertaining to each,"
"to be I'll tier the Slate, but not the State itself,
or any part of it—that is. to be nothing at ail
in the commonwealth, is a condition of civil
servitude by the very foice of the definition
the exclusive rule, is only held to imply a lower
and degraded state of citizenship. But even
there itis only the office, and not the franchise,
that is denied to the subject."
"'Our constitution," he continues, "wasnot
made for great, general, or prescriptive exclu-
sions. Sooner or later it will destroy them,
or they will destroy the constitution. In our
constitution there lias always been a difference
between a franchise and an office, and between
the capacity for the one and for the Other.
Franchises are supposed to belong to tho sub-
ject as a subject, and not as a member of the
governing part of the State. The policy of
the Government has considered them as things
very different; for when Parliament excluded
by the test acts Piotcstant dissenters from
all civil and military employment, tliey never
touched their right of voting for members of
Parliament, or sitting in either House"'—both
these being treated by liini as franchises of
which the subject could not be deprived. In a
republic, however, there is no proper distinc-
tion between the governing part and the sub-
ject, and the office, of course, would stand on
the same ground as the franchise.
An American statesman of the present day
would say, perhaps, that the elective franchise,
the most'important of them all, is not the prop-
erty of the citizen, because it is not a natural
right, but a political one. I have heard such lan-
guage here, even on this side of the House,
i again and again. 1 am too dull to comprehend
! the distinction. I take it that all governmental
I agencies, all political contrivances and privi-
1 leges, are but the machinery for the protection
1 of the great natural rights of humanity, which
protection is admitted by the Declaration itself
to be the only legitimate object of all govern-
ment. Why are our institutions free? Because
they allow'to you and me the privilege of gov-
erning ourselves. Why am 1 a freeman? For
no other reason than because I am armed with
the ballot for my own protection as a citizen.
Strip mc of that and I am at your mercy. You
raav deal gently with me, it is true, and so might
the Sultan of Turkey, but that makes no differ-
ence. 1 am still the slave of your caprice, and
tuy rights and happiness may defend, like your
temper, on the state of your digestion. You may
designate this franchise by what name yon please,
but you cannot refine it aivaj by verbal distinc-
tions or scholastic subtleties, by calling it po-
litical or giving to it any other nomenclature.
You might as well deny me all the rights of a
citi.;en, because they are all political, as deny
me (hat one—the most important of them all—
whieh is essential to the protection of the resi-
l due. Nor can you pilfer it from me by the jug-
! aierv of assigning to it the distinction of a pre-
rogative or pr'n ilege. I know no prerogatives
here, and no privileges that are not, or at least
| ought not to be common to us all. ihe mes-
^a°e itself reprobates a subtertuge like this when
,i  i t.l™ ''prmnt
A Government that not it asserts the great republican idea of '/equal
; rights for all. special privileges to none." iNc>:
; you must cither settle the principle that this is
| it white man's Government alone, or you must
' share all your political rights with men of all
! complexions who inhabit among you. TlicDem-
1 oerats, par excellence, vbo love slavery for its
I own sake, and do not of course favor the doe-
' trinesof either liberty orcquaiity as to_ the black
man, accept the alternative that this is a white
' man's Goi eminent—as does the President him-
! stif in his one-sided argument with the dusky
; committee that, waited on him a day or two ago,
when he declines to answer as to South Carolina,
i assumes that they are not a portion of the peo-
i' vile ;iud advices them to emicrate from the coun-
a very true maxim. The servitude that in:: k C;;
men "subject to a State without being citizens
may be more or less tolerable from many cir-
cumstances, but these circumstances do not
alter the nature 'of the thing. ' And this he re-
gards as a modified form of slavery ■- wnile "tee
exclusion ot whole classes of men from tue
■ higher or ruling part of the eomiuionwealtii. as
: in the case where a hereditary nobility possesses
oun—are therefore consistent and logical
in denving the suffrage to the negro, as they tire
in favoring the policy that ignores the war and
seeks to rehabilitate the a ri -.t oeracv of t b e South.
1 wish J could say as much for the L mon party
a whole on this floor. Gentlemen of that
faith arc without apology when they agree with
them in eulior.
The proclamation has made the negro rtoxn-
