I860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1855
traitors against the Government of the United States;
and whereas the said Jefferson Davis, in the same
inoni Ji hi M;)y, wis arrested by the military forces
of tho United fetates, and has ?incu been held in the
custody thereof under the authority of the President
ot the United States: Therefore,
Be it resolved, Th:it_ tho Committee on the Judi-
ciary be instructed to inquire whether there is prob-
able calico to believe that any of the persons named
in said proclamation arc guilty, as is in said procla-
mation alleged, and if so, whether any legislation is
necessary in order to brine such person to a speedy
and impartial trial; and that said committee have
power to send tor persons and papers.
And be it further resoloech That said committee be
in like manner empowered to inquire whether there
is probable cause to believe that said persons, or any
of them, are guilty of treason against the United
states, and whether any legislation is necessary in
oi der to brim; such person* to a speedy and impartial
trial in the district where such crime may have been
committed.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
lion thereof the preamble and resolutions were
adopted.
Mr. JJOUTW ELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the preamble and resolutions
were adopted; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
"WOOL.
Mr. RICE. of Maine, presented resolves of
the Sheep-Keeper's Association of Penobscot
county and valley, for increase of --duty on
foreign wool; which were referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
TIUAL OF JEFFERSON DAVIS.
Mr. RAYMOND submitted the following
preamble and resolution:
"Whereas the President of the United States lias, by
pioclamation, declared the inMirioetion in the State
of Virginia to be at an end; and whereas the reasons
which have hitherto prevented the holding of'aeourt
ot the United States in said State for thetrjal ofper-
son^ charged with treason against the United States
have been thereby obviated and removed: Therefore.
Rnolvd, That the President, of the United States
be lequostcd to take steps for the tpcedy tuul of Jef-
ferson Davie, who has been duly indictod in said State
for said crime of treason, unless lie shall be, with rea-
sonable dispatch, indicted for said crime, and put on
trial in some other distiict 111 which he may bo legally
liable for fiial.
Mr. STEVENS. I suggestthaithe resolution
lie referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The same subject lias just been referred lo it
Mr. U'VYMOXD. That relates to the assas-
sination of President Lincoln.
Mr. WILSON, <">f Iowa. The resolution
also covers this matter of trial.
Mr. RAYMOND. 1 have no objection to
the reference. My wihh for offering it now, is
because there is a rumor of process being com-
menced to release Jeff. Davis from confinement
without trial.
Mr. ROGERS, I object to debate.
Mr. KTE VENS moved that f he preamble and
resolution be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and on that motion demanded the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered: and under the opera-
tion thereof the preamble and resolution were
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider tho vote
by which the preamble and resolution were
referred; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FUOM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the
President having returned to that body Senate
bill No. 61. to protect all persons in the United
States in their civil rights and furnish the means
of their vindication, with his objections to the
same, and that body having proceeded to recon-
sider the bill and resolved that it pass, two
thirds agreeing thereto, he was directed to com-
municate the said bill, and the message of the
President returning the same with his objec-
tions, and the proceedings of the Senate thereon,
to the House of Representatives.
NAVY-YARD ON TlIE HUDSON RIVER.
Mr. KETCHAM submitted the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
ficsohvd, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be
instructed to inquire into the propriety of locating a
navy-yard on the Hudson river, near Carthage Land-
ing, and that they report by bill or otherwise.
x ' OFFICE RENT OF ASSESSORS.
Mr. DAKLING submitted the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
beinstruetcd to inquire into i he expediency of report-
ing an amendment to section twenty-two of the act
approved March 3,1S(>5, in such manner and form as
shall permit commissioners of internal revenue to
allow to assessors such sum for otlice rent as shall be
actually and necessarily expended by them.
Mr. BARRING moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to ; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NATURALIZATION OF PERSONS IN TII1S NAVY
Mr. ,T. M. HUMPHREY submitted the fol-
lowing resolution ; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
AVso/tW, That tho Judiciary Committee bo in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of amending
section twenty-one, chaptcr two hundred, of an act
approved July 17, RS62, so as to extend Uie rights of
naturalization to persons enlisted in the Navy the
same ns those enlisted in the Army, and report by bill
or otherwise.
CANADIAN RARLEY.
Mr. STEOUSE submitted the following
resolution ; which was read, considered and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be instructed to inquiieinto tho expediency of ad mu-
tiny barley used formnltintfireo of duty iiom Canada
and the other British Provinces.
INCOME TAX.
Mr. ANCONA offered the following resolu-
tions, and demanded the previous question
thereon:
Rcftoh^od, That a direct tax upon income should only
be resorted to in a {.neat emeiKency. and its continu-
ance justified only so Ion,'; as ttiat necessity exuts.
Rt">o/v< d. That thornshould be a distinction be-
tween income arising from capital of every descrip-
tion, and income arising from labor merely.
Rcmhcd, That it i* expedient to di.-tmguish be-
tween incomes lor :i vear or for loss, and incomes pos-
sessed by persons who have an interest in the capital
from whence the income ari.-e-'.
Rrsohol, That inereased economy should be exor-
cised, mul all tax on income removed as soon as it
shall appear that the ordinaiy branches of re\euue
are sufficient.
Mr. ROUTWELL. Is that offered for refer-
ence?
The SPEAKER. It is not; it is an expres-
sion of opinion of the House.
Mr. DELANO. Is it in order to move to
refer it ?
The SPEAKER. It is not unless the pre-
vious question is not seconded.
Mr. (1RINNELL. Is it in order to ask for
a division ?
The SPEAKER. If is.
Mr. GRINNELL. 1 ask for a division.
Several Mempeks. Oh, no.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to lay them all on
the table for the present.
Mr. ANCONA. I demand the yeas and
nays on the motion to lay on the table.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. ELDRJDOE. I demand tellers on
ordering the yeas and nays.
Tellers were refused.
The resolutions were laid on the table.
TEMPORARY INCREASE OF DUTIES.
Mr. MOORHEAD introduced a joint reso-
lution to increase temporarily the duties on
imports, and moved that the same be referred
to the Committee on Manufactures.
The joint resolution was read twice.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I call for
the reporting of flie joint resolution.
The joint resolution was read, as follows :
Iir,r:rl by the. ,Senate and Jlovxe of Hepreicntatives,
<fx., That until the end of sixty davsh-om tho passage
of this resolution fifty per cent, ot the rates of duties
and imposts now imposed by law on all goods, wares,
merchandise, and articles imported shall ho added to
the present duties and imposts now charged 011 tho
impoitation of .such articles. Provided, That print-
ins paper, unsized, used for books and newspapers
exclusively, shall be exempt from the operation of
this resolution.
Mr. C0NKL1NG-. I rise to a question of
order. The Committee of Ways and Means
having once reported against this resolution, I
wish to inquire whether, if the previous ques-
tion is not seconded, it will be in order to move
to refer it to that committee.
Tlu; SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. CONKLING. I will move to refer it if
the previous question is not seconded.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Would
it be in order to move to lay tho joint resolu-
tion on the table?
The SPEAKER. It would.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Then I
move (o lay the joint resolution 011 tho table.
Tho SPEAKER. That motion takes pri-
ority of the demand for the previous question.
Mr. MOORHEAD. [f other gentlemen can
debate the joint resolution under the call for
(he previous question, i suppose the same court-
esy will be extended to me.
The SPEAKER. It would be in order if
there were no objection.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I have not withdrawn
tho demand for the previous question.
Mr. MORRILL, f appeal to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Mookii;;aii,] as be
happens to be 011 both committees, to withdraw
his motion to refer this joint resolution to the
Committee on Manufactures. It would seem
as if he had some distrust of tho Committee of
Ways and Means, which I hope is not tho fact.
1 hope he will let the joint resolution-go to the
Commillee of Ways and Means.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Lot me reply to my
friend, the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. ANCONA. I rise to a question of order.
I desire to inquire whether, under this call, it
is in order to olfer a joint resolution?
The SPEAKER. 'It is. When the States
are called for resolutions, bills and joint reso-
lutions may be introduced if they do not give
rise to debute.
Mr. ANCONA. I make another point of
order. 1 submit that a motion to lay upon tho
table being pending, debate is not in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains that
point of order. Two undcbatahle questions
being pending, the motion to lay on the table
and the demand for tho previous question,
debate is not in order.
Mr. MOORHEAD. 1 should have been glad
if the Speaker had applied that rule, to other
gentlemen. The question has been debated,
and as I introduced the joint resolution, I want
an opportunity to say a word.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. _ If the gentleman from
Pennsylvania had objected to debate the Chair
would have sustained the point of order.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I ask the imammous
consent of the House to say a few words.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object, and demand
the yeas and nays on tho motion to lay the joint
resolution ou the table.
The yeas and nays weie ordered.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. IIoough] will withdraw his
motion,
Mr. .MOORHEAD. IthinkI cansavotime
to the House, if the House will hear me for a
moment.
Mr. EE BLOND. T objeef.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I want to say a word to
the chairman of the Committeo of Ways and
Means.
Mr. LE IjLOND. I insist 011 the enforcc^
mcnt of the rule.
Tho SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
Mr. GRINNKLL. I wish to make an inquiry,
Mr. MOORHEAD. That is just what I liuvo
been trying to do.
Mr. GRINNELL. I would inquire whether
this is not simply a resolution of reference.
The SPEAKER. That question is not iu
