792
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
February 10,
■in ally free. He counts in the representation. "I
He' pays taxes, and must bear arms if neees- j
sary, and he lias done it. Wo sensible man j
now pretends todoubtthathe is a citizen, or can !
doubt it, in view of these considerations. The |
interference of the Executive is put expressly
On the ground of the obligation of the national
authority to secure a republican form of govern-
ment to each of the States. To effect this, it is
essential that a majority shouldbe allowed to en-
joy the political right of governing, and that all
should share alike in its direction. To put any
class under the State would be to deprive them
of the rights of citizens, and to reduce them, in
the words of the authority just cited, to a state
of civil servitude. It is essential, moreover,
that it should rest, in the language of the Dec-
laration, on "the consent of the governed.''
An establishment that does not conform to
these principles is not republican, whether the
Sower be lodged with the oligoi or the aristoi.
ro matter as to its forms. We are not to be
cheated by appearances or names. It was
something more than the mere form that the
Constitution intended to secure. And yet the
process here ignores all these things and rests
eitherupon the dimmest perceptions of free gov-
ernment, or upon the southern theory that the
negro is not a man, or that this Government
was only intended for white men. If the piop-
osition were to exclude all men of Celtic blood,
what a sensation would it not produce among
the Democracy ? If the difference, however, is
only against the African, consistency would
require that he should also be excluded from
the enumeration hereafter. Withtheend of the
"divine institution," the three-fifths clause,
which stipulated for a representation, not of or
for him, who was not then a man, but for his
master, has ceased to operate. If the freed
slave is now a citizen," lie has a right to all the
privileges, as he is confessedly subject to all the
duties which that relation involves. If instead
of rising from the fractional value to that of an
integer, lie is no longer a member of the State,
he must cease to owe any other than a domi-
ciliary allegiance, and the idea of a represen-
tation founded on his existence here, must be
exploded forever. And.from this dilemma there
is no escape. If he is a citizen, the elective
franchise is his right. If he is not, represen-
tation on that basis is logically inadmissible.
The effect of the oligarchic process is to
reinstate the governing class as it was before,
without any check upon it. This we cannot
afford to do. There is, fortunately for us, a
loyal element among them that has helped us
to bring them back, and may tie used to keep
the peace, not by either arming or disarming
it, but by the restoration of a mere right, which
is essential to its protection as well as our own.
It is a happy circumstance that the measure
of security required by flu; people of the loyal
Stales is precisely that which the Constitution
has imposed on us as a duty. The obligation
is to guaranty to every State in this Union a
republican form of government. ]f " the whole
commonwealth, comprehending all its orders,
with the privileges belonging to each,'' is not
republican, we are bound to make it so, and are
endowed by the Constitution with all the powers
necessary for that purpose. But how are these
powers to be exercised? Not by the President,
because he cannot prescribe the terms. Not by
•' nere refusal on the part of Congress to admit,
because that would be a refusal to perform, but
by an act of legislation which it will be only
the -duty of the President to enforce. It is a
narrow view of this duty which gives to it a
merely negative character, such as to put
down a usurpation, or drive out a tyrannical :
majority. There is apooitive obligation to war- •
Tant or make sure to all the people, a republican :
form of government: and here is the power that !
has been sought for so diligently under the law 1
of war, to deal with the conquered territories
in such a„wayasto secure to all their lovalpeo
pie the rights to which they would be entitled
under <i republican form of §ovemixient} and
to protect the Union itself from all future dis-
turbance. These States are without govern-
ments of any sort—those which existed and
were disloyal having been overthrown. It is
our constitutionol duty to supply them with now
ones of a republican character, and to provide
that none other shall be erected. If their blaek
population—if a majority of their loyal inhabit-
ants—nay, if a mere minority demand the ful-
fillment of this guarantee, by insisting that we
shall provide them with a government that shall
admit them to the rights of citizenship, and be
at least partly within their own control, we
cannot evade the performance by the plea of a
want of constitutional power. The declara-
tion of the duty gives it to us, with all the inci-
dental means. That duty is not denied ; but
we have wielded the sword so long to enforce
the law, that many people have come to the con-
clusion that there is no other weapon for such
a case, when in point of fact it is clearly inade-
quate to this part of the work, and the power
of the Legislature is the only one that can suc-
cessfully accomplish it. It is undoubtedly in
accordance with our practice, as it is with the
spirit of our institutions, that it should be left
to the people themselves, in the fiist place, to
be performed by them in that condition of free-
dom which our arms have given them. But
if they will not do this of their own accord—
if the class that has been accustomed to rule,
will insist on holding the rein and denying
to their fellows, even to a respectable minority
of them, the rightful privilege of citizens under
a republic, I know no possible way of meeting
the case but by interposing ourselves and pre-
scribing a fundamental law for the occasion.
It will not be enough, as I have already re-
marked, to refuse the Congressmen who may
apply on terms that are inadmissible to us.
'1 hat would be only a denial of justice to the dis-
franchised which might prove indefinite, instead
of the fulfillment of an admitted obligation. If
there be any limitation of the right of suffrage
it must come from the supr.eme authority,which
is here. There is no power elsewhere, and cer-
tainly none in a society that is yet in a state of
chaos, formless and void, and with nothing but
darkness brooding over it. That authority, it is
true, might welldisfranehiseindividuals, such as
the traitors themselves, for an enormous crime
which showed that they could not be safely
trusted with so important a function. It could
not, however, proscribe a whole class, com-
prising a majority of the loyal people, all native
to the soil and impeached of no erimc, merely
because they had black skins or wooly hair,
without violating the essential principles of re-
publicanism, and laying the foundations of an
aristocratic government. No argument could
defend it, except on the judicial hypothesis that
the race so excluded had no rights at all that a
white man was bound to respect, which would
bo fatal of course, as already shown, to the
whole principle of representation as applied to
it. But this hypothesis has no foundation in
our early history or practice. The founders of
this Government never dreamed of such a dis-
tinction. The great charter of our fathers hud
before affirmed the equality of all men. It was
not race or color, but condition, that created
the constitutional disability. The slave, of
course, could not, in the nature of things, be
admitted to the privileges of a citizen, because
that would have been inconsistent with his con-
dition. Everybody else was counted, except
the Indian who paid 110 taxes—an incarnation,
by the way, of the revolutionary formula, stereo-
typed on the hearts of the colonists, that con-
densed the causes of their struggle into two
memorable and mighty words. The notion that
a taint of African blood, or any diversity of com-
plexion, was a disqualifying feature, is a purely
modern invention, which is but the growth
of that barbarous and unnatural system that
has debauched the moral sentiment, and left
in many minds only the feeblest conceptions
of rational freedom.- The free negro voted ori-
i ginally almost everywhere. It was a conse-
\ quence only of his unquestioned citizenship,
i To admit him, it did not require a special grant
by the insertion of the word "black " in any
republican constitution. To exclude him it did
require the insertion of the word "white." The
only color that the framers of the Constitution _
seem to have ostracized is the red. But even
here it excepted the tax-payer, and was not by
a designation of race. They had sense enough
to know that a principle of exclusion resting
on so uncertain a basis as color, would be
unfitted for any constitution.
Apart, however, from the considerations al-
ready stated, there are special reasons in the
present ease for insisting that the guarantee
shall be fulfilled in good faith ; and these are,
to recompense the black man for his unwaver-
ing loyalty in the hour of trial, to afford him
the means of self-protection in the enjoyment
of the rights he has so richly earned, and if
these are not enough, to .protect ourselves
against any future disturbance from the same
arrogant and presumptuous class which has just
been chastised into a decent respect for our-
selves and a reluctant submission to our laws.
We began the war by repelling the black man
and returning him to his master ; by doing
everything, in short, to alienate him from our-
selves, and prove to him that he had nothing to
expect from us; and this was called statesman-
ship ! If ever a people deserved to be chastiscd
it was ourselves, for the ineffable baseness and
fatuity which refused the aid of the negro, and
sent a hundred thousand white men to die,
rather than wound the pride, or harm* the prop-
erty of an enemy! We failed to drive him
from our support even by the unkindest usage.
When we plunged within the storm-cloud that
overhung the South, and concealed everything
from outside view, we were not long in discover-
ing that the white skin was everywhere synony-
mous with the traitor heart, and that wherever
we could meet a black man we were sure to find
a friend. He took our soldier by the hand, led
him through the outposts, pointed out the se-
cret path, traveled with him by night, shared
his last crust with him, and baffled the blood-
hounds that were on his track. As the war
progressed, we began to find that with such an
auxiliary against us, success was impossible.
We made him free. But still we could not lift
him into the position of a soldier, which was
a privilege of caste in ancient times. People
who foresaw that the step was an easy one from
the soldier to the citizen—themselves of craven
hearts and more slaves than he—insisted that
he was like his detractors, loved his chains, and
was a coward by instinct, and that the white
soldier was a fool, who would throw down his
arms if you sent him an auxiliary whose skin
was not quite as fair as his own. You listened
and believed. But by and by, impelled by ne-
cessity, you allowed your brave and right-think-
ing Secretary of War to arm him quietly. You
rather winked at than encouraged it: and before
long the truth blazed upon you from the trenches
of Port Hudson that the black man was in your
ranks. He has now added to the title that God
Almighty gave him, a claim upon your grati-
tude. How do you propose to pay it?
Nothing is clearer than that you have made
the privilegcof the ballot necessary for his pro-
tection, by making him nominally free, and using
him to put down the rebellion of his master.
That master will not soon forget the infidelity
of the slave on whom he relied, or the humil-
iation that the proud chivalry has suffered at
the hands of its own born thralls. Even the
bond of interest that compelled him to treat
that slave with kindness, because he was his
money, is now broken. Unable to wreak his
baffled vengeance upon you, he longs to pay
back the debt he owes you, by visiting his im-
potent malice upon the humble instrument of
your triumph, and proving to the world the
truth of what he has so often told it, that you
have only made his condition worse by ele-
vating him to freedom. He begs yon to with-
draw vonr blaek troops. He wishes to be
relieved from your authority, by being allowed
to resume his place in the Union which he
hates. For this ho is willing to recognize the
