2816
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
Mr. PAINE. I am in favor of including
these articles in the free list, not only for the
reason.given, but for additional reasons. I am
not opposed to an increase of revenue in this
bill. When we made the tax on incomes above
$5,000 ten per cent, we manifested a desire to
aid in that way the gentleman from Vermont
in securing a revenue. And I think when I
urged a tax upon umbrellas and parasols, and
when I urged an increase of the tax upon
cigars, I manifested a disposition not to dimin-
ish, but rather to increase the revenue; and
that I avow to be my purpose now.
I believe that these sorghum machines de-
serve our especial consideration and favor.
This sorghum is an interest which, if we can,
we ought to foster and encourage in this coun-
try, for it is unlike all other agricultural inter-
ests, and if we can possibly so arrange our
internal revenue laws as to foster and encour-
ago the production of sugar from a plant that
can be grown in almost every State of the
Union, if we can do this without any serious
diminution of the revenue, I think we should
do it. And I believe the result of this amend-
ment will be not to diminish the revenue of
the Government, but by fostering this branch
of industry and encouraging this production,
tend to increase the revenue. And aside from
that consideration I believe it to be our duty
to look to this interest for the purpose of fos-
tering and promoting the production of sugar
from plants which can be grown all over the
United States, so that the price of that very
necessary article may be in the end diminished.
I withdraw my amendment to the amendment.
The question was upon the- amendment of
Mr. Plants.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Plants and
Mr. Morrill were appointed.
The committee divided: and the tellers
reported—ayes fifty-one, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I move to
amend by inserting after the words " threshing-
machines" the words "horse-powers." I wish
to say a word upon that amendment. If I
can obtain the attention of gentlemen, so that
this amendment shall be understood, I think
there will be no objection to it. I propose to
put horse-powers upon the free list. The object
of the amendment is simply to render the bill
as it stands more clear aud certain. I have no
doubt but the bill as already amended, by put-
ting threshing-machines on the free list, will
also include the horse-powers connected with
them. They ought to be included, at all events,
for they are necessary parts of threshing-ma-
chines. Therefore, for the purpose of making
the bill more clear and explicit, and also for
the purpose of relieving from taxation these
articles so indispensable for many of the pur-
poses of agriculture, I hope the committee will
adopt the amendment I have offered.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to amend the
amendment by adding to it the words, "and
corn-shellers."
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I accept that.
Mr. STEVENS. ''Corn-crackers" should
bo included. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] by striking out the
words "horse-powers," and inserting the words
'' all engines and machines driven by steam or
horse power." That, I think, will cover all.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Oh, no!
Mr. GARFIELD. I am opposed to the
amendment and to the amendment to the
amendment. If we go much further in the
work of exempting these machines from tax-
ation we may as well adopt the proposition
of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Hooper] at once as to stop short of it. In
my judgment, there is not a sufficient reason
why a machine should be exempted from tax-
ation that is applied to a particular use, and
that the article produced by it is free from
taxation. I can see no end to this mode of
exemption; and I fear we are forgetting the
purpose of this bill. We are trying to raise
revenue to supply the wants of the Govern-
ment. But one by one the chief sources of
revenue are being stricken out, because each
member is trying to exempt the particular
interest of his district, and thus we are in
danger of losing the bulk of our revenue.
The amendment just adopted, exempting
from taxation threshing-machines, reapers,
and mowers, especially the latter, would inter-
est my constituents as much as the constitu-
ents of any member upon this floor. But I
have voted against their exemption, and many
others of a similar nature, because I did not
believe the interests of the whole country
would warrant us making them wholly free
from tax. I am not anxious to go on the rec-
ord as having moved an amendment merely
because it would benefit my constituents. I
hold it to be my duty to look to the interests
of the Treasury of the country and the finan-
cial interests of the Government, as well as
the interests of particular localities. It would
be gratifying to me if we could relieve all
industry of the heavy burden of taxation ; but
I hope gentlemen will not forget that we have
only a given margin for reduction, and that is
fully reached in the bill as reported by the
Committee of Ways and Means. If we take
off the tax here it must be added in some other
place.
The question was upon the amendment of
Mr. Hooper, of Massachusetts.
The question was taken; and upon a division
there were—ayes nineteen, noes not counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon the amendment
of Mr. Lawrence;, of Ohio.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I move to amend
pro forma by striking out the last word. I
do this for the purpose of making a statement
in reply to some suggestions which have been
made by my colleague [Mr. Garfield] in re-
gard to the drift and tendency of these amend-
ments exempting implements of agriculture.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I think that in these
amendments, by which some leading agricult-
ural implements have been put into the free
list, there is no departure from the current
principle of taxation, nor from the principles
of this bill. The able chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, if I recollect aright,
set out in this discussion by an allusion to what
is a universally recognized principle of taxa-
tion—that we should avoid the taxing of those
things which are peculiarly the" sources of pro-
duction and of the national wealth. It is just
because this is a correct principle of taxation
that we ought, it seems to me, to exempt from
taxation that class of farming implements which
are essential to agricultural production through-
out our entire country, wherever there is an
agricultural interest, and that is everywhere.
These productions constitute the primary
sources of the wealth of the country. It does
seem to me, therefore, that the remarks made
by the gentleman, that we violate correct
principles and equality of assessments, are not
well founded, so far as they relate to these
exemptions, and that we should adhere per-
sistently ft> the exemption from taxation of
those articles which tend to increase these
universal and primary sources of wealth—
the agricultural productions of the country.
The fact that they are primary, that they
are essential, and that they are universal, has
resulted in reducing all agricultural imple-
ments and all agricultural staples to minimum
prices; in other words, they never attain ex-
travagant rates of compensation. For this
reason no speculations, no excitements enter
into or affect their values. Hence it seems
to me we should refrain fromtaxingthese arti-
cles, because there are no margins which will en-
able them to pay the tax and still produce these
implements to an extent equal to the demands
of agriculture. The increased cost of their pro-
duction caused by taxation cannot be added
to any great extent to their prices. They will
not admit of it. So far as they are burdened
with taxation they are thrown out of use ; and
to that extentyou strike down the very elements
and sources of national wealth. It does seem
to me that in pursuing the policy of promoting
this cardinal, leading, universal interest of the
country, we are adhering to and not departing
from the correct principle of taxation. I do
hope that the committee will adhere constantly
to the line of policy which has already been
adopted, and that we will set free all that
directly and essentially promotes the develop-
ment of our great national agriculture.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Chairman, I fully
agree with the general sentiment of my col-
league [Mr. Shellabarger] in regard to mak-
ing the burden of taxation fall as lightly as
possible upon all die sources of wealth. But
we are not following that principle in this tax
bill; nor do the gentlemen who advocate that
principle apply it consistently. For instance,
no one has proposed that we shall exempt from
taxation all agricultural implements, including
axes, spades, hoes, shovels, and every such
implement of daily use by the farmer.
Mr. PAINE. If the gentleman will allow
me to interrupt him, I desire to remind him
that the bill contains a proposition to exempt
everything that pertains to a ship. Conse-
quently everything used bythe shipping interest
of this country is to be exempted from taxation.
Mr. GARFIELD. I dissent from the pro-
priety of tho^e exemptions as much as the gen-
tleman can. Therefore his suggestion does not
impair the force of the argument I am present-
ing. I say that no man here has proposed, so
far as I know, to exempt from taxation all the
implements of husbandry. As the bill has
now been amended, we allow the burden to
rest on the hoe and the shovel and the spade,
and all the other simpler implements that the
laboring man uses, while we exempt from tax-
ation all the more complicated and costly
machines, which the wealthier farmer uses, the
machines which are protected by patents and
from which both the manufacturer and the pur-
chaser can make money to a far greater extent
than it can be made by the man who uses the
common implements of husbandry. Nobody
here proposes that we shall lift the burden
from all agricultural implements, while there
is to be an exemption from taxation as regards
implements made by corporations and used by
the wealthier farmers all over the land.
If we shall adopt the principle announced by
my colleague, we should exempt from taxation
all these humbler implements, particularly
those used in hand labor. If the gentleman
would be consistent, let him push his argument
to its legitimate results. But let us not under
the pretense of relieving industry lift the tax
entirely from those of the agricultural class
who can bear it best. I believe that we have
not pursued the true policy in reference to these
machines. I have in my desk a letter from
one of the leading firms of Ohio engaged in
the manufacture of mowers and reapers, and
they only ask that we shall reduce the tax to
two or three per cent. Instead of that the tax
has been removed entirely by the Committee
of the Whole. We have given what they did
not ask, and if this course is persisted in we
must compensate for it by taxing some other
interest to make up the deficiency.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SHELLABARGER, by unanimous con-
sent, withdrew his amendment.
The question recurred on the amendment
of Mr. Lawrence, of Ohio, and it was dis-
BMr. FARNSWORTH. I move to insert
"corn-shellers." I desire to take the vote on
that separately. If threshing-machines are to
be put in the free list corn-shellers ought cer-
tainly to be put there. It is a less expensive
article. It costs less to manufacture the ma-
chine, and is more universally used in a corn
country than the threshing-machine. Every
farmer who raises any considerable quantity
of corn has a corn-sheller, and it strikes me if
any article should go into the free list it is that
article.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out "corn-
shellers" and insert "hand-rakes;" and as
