1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
m
Laws of the United States.
39th Gong.... 1st Sess.
For compensation and mileage of the mem-
bers of the Legislative Assembly, officers,
clerks, and contingent expenses, twenty thou-
sand dollars.
judiciary.
Office of the Attorney General.
For salaries of the Attorney General, Assist-
ant Attorney General, and the clerks and mes-
senger in his office, twenty-three thousand seven
hundred dollars.
For two additional temporary clerks of class
one, twenty-four hundred dollars.
Contingent expenses of the office of the
Attorney General, namely:
For fuel, labor, furniture, stationery, and
miscellaneous items, four thousand dollars.
For purchase of law and necessary books for
the office of the Attorney General, five hun-
dred dollars.
For legal assistance and other necessary spe-
cial and extraordinary expenditures in the dis-
posal of private land claims in California, five
thousand dollars.
Justices of the Supreme Court of the United
States.
For salaries of the Chief Justice and nine
associate justices, sixty thousand five hundred
dollars.
For traveling expenses of the judge assigned
to the tenth circuit for attending session of the
Supreme Court of the United States, one thou-
sand dollars.
For salaries of the district judges of the Uni-
ted States, one hundred and twenty-six thou-
sand dollars.
For salaries of the chief justice of the su-
preme court of the District of Columbia, the
associate judges, and judge of the orphans'
court, nineteen thousand dollars.
For salary of the reporter of the decisions
of the Supreme Court of the United States,
which is hereby fixed at that amount, two thou-
sand five hundred dollars: Provided, That said
reporter shall within the time now prescribed
deliver to the Secretary of the Interior for dis-
tribution, according to existing laws, three hun-
dred copies of such of the annual reports of
that court as shall be hereafter published.
For additional compensation to three clerks
in the department of the Attorney General, for
extraordinary services under the amnesty proc-
lamation of May twenty-ninth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-five, to be apportioned, one
thousand to the principal clerk, and five hun-
dred each to the other two clerks, two thou-
sand dollars.
For compensation of the district attorneys,
nineteen thousaud two hundred and fifty dollars.
For compensation of the district marshals,
twelve thousand dollars.
For necessary expenses in carrying into effect
the several acts of Congress authorizing loans
and the issue of Treasury notes, two million
dollars.
For salariesandexpensesof collectors, assess-
ors, assistantassessors, revenue agents, inspect-
ors, and superintendents of exports and draw-
back, together with the expense of carrying into
effect the forty-fourth section of the internal rev-
enue actof June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four, and all other expenses of carrying
into effect the various provisions of the several
acts providing internal revenue, except salaries
of Commissioner, deputy commissioner, and
clerks of Internal Revenue Office, together with
i ent, dies, paper, and so forth, for stamps, and
'ncidental expenses, ten million eight hundred
housand dollars.
For compensation to the laborer m charge
of the water-closets in the Capitol, five hun-
dred and thirty-eight dollars. _ _
For compensation for four laborers m Capi-
tol, two thousand four hundred dollars.
For compensation to the public gardener, one
thousand four hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of a foreman and twenty-
one laborers employed in the public grounds,
thirteen thousand four hundred dollars.
For compensation of the keeper of the west-
ern gate, Capitol square, eight hundred and
seventy-six dollars.
For compensation of two day watchmen em-
ployed in the Capitol square, one thousand two
hundred dollars.
For compensation of two night watchmen at,
the President's House, one thousand two hun-
dred dollars.
To enable the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings to pay two policemen at the President's
House, twenty-six hundred and forty dollars.
To enable the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings to pay two policemen at the President's
House, (one from August twenty-fourth, the
other from November twenty-fifth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-five, to June thirtieth, eight-
een hundred and sixty-six,) two thousand and
twenty-three dollars and thirty-four cents.
For compensation of the doorkeeper at the
President's House, one thousand dollars.
For compensation of one night watchman at
the public stables and carpenter's shops south
of the Capitol, one thousand dollars.
For compensation of two watchmen in res-
ervation number two, twelve hundred dollars.
For compensation of eight draw-keepers at
the Potomac bridge, and for fuel, oil, and
lamps, seven thousand five hundred and fifty-
three dollars and sixty cents.
For compensation of two draw-keepers of
the two bridges across the eastern branch at
the Potomac, and for fuel, oil, and lamps, one
thousand three hundred and ninety-six dollars.
For compensation of furnace-keeper under
the old Hall of the House of Representatives,
six hundred dollars.
For compensation of furnace-keeper at the
President's House, six hundred dollars.
metropolitan police.
For salaries and other necessary expenses
of the Metropolitan police of the District of
Columbia, one hundred and twenty thousand
dollars. And the compensation of said Met-
ropolitan police force, officers, and clerks, be
and the same is hereby, increased fifty per
centum upon the amount hereby appropriated,
commencing on the first day of July, eighteen
hundred and 6ixty-five, said increase to be
borne by the cities of Washington and George-
town, and the county of Washington, in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, in the proportion equal to the
number of patrolmen allotted severally to the
city of Washington, to the city of Georgetown,
and the county of Washington and Georgetown,
and the levy court of said county be, and they
are hereby, authorized and empowered to levy
a special tax not exceeding one quarter of one
per centum for the purpose aforesaid.
For the construction of a police telegraph in
the city of Washington, fifteen thousand dol-
lars.
Sec. 2. Andbe it further enacted, That from
and after the thirtieth day of June, eighteen
hundred and sixty-six, the annual??/ salary of
the Treasurer of the United States shall be six
thousand five hundred dollars, the additional
salary herein provided for, for the year ending
June thirty, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven,
to be paid out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated.
Sec. 3. And beit further enacted, That from
and after the thirtieth day of June, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-six, the salary of the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings shall be twenty-five
hundred dollars per annum, and the increase
of salary herein authorized may be paid out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, 'That the
President is hereby authorized to appoint a
private secretary, at an annual salary of three
thousand five hundred dollars; an assistant
secretary, at an annual salary of twenty-five
hundred dollars; a short-hand writer, at an
annual salary of twenty-five hundred dollars; a
clerk of pardons, at an annual salary of two
thousand dollars; and three clerks of the fourth
class; and a steward of the President's house-
hold, who shall receive an annual salary of two
thousand dollars, and said steward shall hay©
the custody of the plate, furniture, and other
public property in the President's House, and
shall give a bond to the United States in such
sum as the Secretary of the Interior shall deem
sufficient,, and to be approved by him, for the
faithful discharge of his trust; and the amount
necessary to pay the salaries of the officers and
clerks herein provided for, for the fiscal year
ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-seven, and also such sum as may be ne-
cessary to pay the salaries of said officers and
clerks from the date of their appointment to
the end of the fiscal year eighteen hundred
and sixty-six, are hereby appropriated out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That from
and after the thirtieth day of June, eighteen
hundred and sixty-six, there shall be an officer
in the Treasury Department, to be known' as
the assistant solicitor of the Treasury, who
shall be appointed by the Secretary of the
Treasury, and who shall receive an annual sal-
ary of three thousand dollars. And the Attor-
ney General of the United States is hereby
authorized to employ in his office, in addition
to the present force, a clerk to be known as
the law clerk, at an annual salary of twenty-
five hundred dollars. And the amount required
to pay the salaries of the officer and clerk
herein provided for, for the fiscal year ending
June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven, is hereby appropriated.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the
female clerks and counters employed in the
several Departments and bureaus, whose ap-
pointments are made by the several heads of
Departments under the provisions of law, and
whose legal compensation has heretofore
amounted to seven hundred and twenty dol-
lars each per annum, and the female clerks
employed at the Post Office Department, shall,
from and after the thirtieth day of June, eight-
een hundred and sixty-six, receive in lieu of
all other compensation an annual salary of nine
hundred dollars cach per annum; and the
amount necessary to pay the increased salaries
herein provided for, for the fiscal year ending
June thirty, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven,
is hereby appropriated out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the
addition of twenty per centum to the compen-
sation of the females not otherwise provided
for, messengers, watchmen, and laborers em-
ployed in the several Departments, and under
the Commissioner of Public Buildings and the
Commissioner of Agriculture, and at the Cap-
itol, by section three of "An act making appro-
priations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government, for the
year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-iive, and for other purposes," is
hereby continued in force, and the amount
necessary to pay the same for the fiscal year
ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-sSven, is hereby appropriated.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of the Navy is authorized to appoint
in the several bureaus of his Department, in
addition to their chief clerks, and m lieu of the
clerical force now authorized, clerks as fol-
lows, viz: in the Bureau of Yards and Docks,
one clerk of class four, who shall bo the
draughtsman, two clerks of class three, two
clerks of class two, and one clerk of class one;
in the Bureau of Navigation, one clerk of class
four, and one clerk of class two; in the Bureau
of Kqnipment and Recruiting, one clerk of
class four, two clerks of class three, two clerks
of class two, and three clerks of class one; in
the Bureau of Ordnance, one clerk of class
