1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2817
our southern brethren are not present to take
care of their own interest, I will move also to
insert "cotton-gins." I hope that the com-
mittee will be willing to stop there.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to amend by in-
serting "grain-cradles."
Mr. STEVENS. I think the gentleman ought
to strike out the word "grain." [Laughter.]
Mr. MORRILL. I accept the amendment
of the gentleman from Iowa as a modification
of my own.,
Mr. Morrill'sam-jndment, as modified, was
agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out these
■words:
Hubs, spokes, and felloes; wooden handles for ag-
ricultural, household, and mechanical tools and im-
plements.
And in lieu thereof to insert the following:
Hubs, spokes, felloes, poles, shafts, and arms for
carriages or wagons; wooden handles for plows, and
for other agricultural, household, and mechanical
tools and implements.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to insert, "pail
and tub ears and handles."
Mr. MORRILL. I accept the amendment
of the gentleman from Iowa.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to strike out
"ears."
Mr. MORRILL. I am sorry the gentleman
from Pennsylvania has joined with the Philis-
tines to make havoc with the bill. This is a
large item. They are manufactured by ma-
chinery. If we begin here we must exempt
dog-churns, mop-handles, wash-boards, and
all sorts of wooden-ware. There will be no
stopping-place if we once begin on a field so
extensive.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Under
the present tax law pail and tub ears and han-
dles have been loaded down with taxation.
The manufacturer of pail-ears pays a tax of five
per cent. The manufacturer of pail-handles
pays a tax of five per cent. The manufacturer
of tub-ears and handles pays a tax of five per
ccnt. The manufacturer also pays a tax upon
the hoop-iron placed around them. He pays
a tax upon the wire. He pays a tax of twenty
cents a gallon upon the benzine which is used.
He pays a tax upon the paint which is used.
He pays a tax of from five to ten per cent,
upon some ten or a dozen different articles
which go to make up these pails and tubs. The
consequence is that these articles which go into
every family in the country cost to-day more
than double what they did three years ago.
I wish to call to the attention of my friends
from the West, who have exempted the manu-
facture of threshing and mowing machines,
which is also carried on in my district, that it
pays a larger per cent, than the manufacture
of these articles. More than one half ofthe
manufacturers of wooden-ware have failed
during the past few years because they could
not endure the tax. You have to pay now
three dollars when you could before buy as
many as you wanted for one dollar and a half.
Now, what I am going to say is this, that in
voting upon this bill as we have passed over it,
our friends have said we will place a tax of
five per cent, on the manufacture of leather,
and then when the leather is manufactured
into boots and shoes, we will levy an addi-
tional tax of two per ccnt. Now, here is an
article which is needed by every man and
woman in the land, no matter how poor they
may be. It is one of the necessaries of life,
and yet my western friends join in placing a
tax of seven per cent, on this necessary arti-
cle which every individual has to use. But
when you come to reapers and mowers and
threshing-machines, which the rich only can
use, you vote against imposing a tax.
[13ere the hammer fell.]
The question was taken on Mr. Stevens's
amendment to the amendment, and it was
agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Morrill's
amendment as amended.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out the
last word of what is proposed to be inserted.
39tu Oong. 1st Sess.—"No. 177.
I rise mainly for the purpose of leading thfe
House to a correct impression in relation to
this tax on pails and tubs. They were inserted
in the bill as reported by the Committee of
Ways and Means with the tax reduced from
six per cent, to three per cent. We reduced
the tax upon the benzine, which is used in
their manufacture instead of turpentine, from
twenty to ten cents per gallon. The tax upon
all paints and oils it is also proposed to en-
tirely remove. Now, if gentlemen propose to
go on to the end of the chapter exempting
articles and reducing the tax, I do not know
when we shall get through the bill, or what
will be left to be taxed.
I will now withdraw my whole amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. It is beyond the gentle-
man's power to withdraw it.
The amendment as amended was read, as
follows:
Hubs, spokes, felloes, poles, shafts, arms for car-
riages or wagons, pail and tub handles, wooden
handles for plows and other agricultural, household,
and mechanical tools and implements.
Mr. MORRILL. I would like it to be under-
stood that there was a motion made to insert
"tub and pail ears and handles." That was
a distinct and separate motion, and then the
gentleman from Pennsylvania moved to strike
out " ears."
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that
the gentleman from Vermont originally pro-
posed an amendment without the words "pail
and tub ears and handles," and then accepted
an amendment suggested by thegentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Allison] to insert "pail and tub
ears and handles." Thegentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] then moved to amend
his amendment, as thus modified, by striking
outtheword "ears," and that amendment has
been adopted.
Mr. MORRILL. Then I hope we shall vote
down the whole amendment.
The question was taken on Mr. Morrill's
amendment, as amended, and it was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I now oifer the following
amendment:
Spokes, hubs, felloes, poles, shafts, the armsfor ear-
riagesor wagons, wooden handles for plows, and other
agricultural, household, and mechanical tools and
implements, and pail and tub ears and handles.
Mr. STEVENS. Is that in order ? We have
have just voted down the same amendment. I
think it is hardly in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Vermont proposes the amendment in a differ-
ent form.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I move to strike out
the words "pail and tub ears" and to insert
in lieu thereof 1' pails and tubs.'' I have noth-
ing to say except that I hope the gentleman
from Vermont will be a little more persever-
ing. [Laughter.] I do not like to see a
man give up so easily. It does not look well.
[Laughter.] The chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means ought not to submit to
what the House does. I call for tellers on my
amendment.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Stevens
and Morrill were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 38, noes 55.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. Morrill's amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PRICE. I move that the committee do
now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union had had under consideration the
Union generally, and particularly the special
order, being bill of the House No. 513, to
amend an act entitled "An act to provide
internal revenue to support the Government,
to pay interest on the public debt, and for
other purposes," approved June 30, 1864, and
acts amendatory thereof, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to state,
as it may have some bearing on the business
of the House, that no gentleman desires to
speak on Saturday next.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to say that I shall
insist tipon going on with the tax bill until it
is finished.
And then, on motion of Mr. GARFIELD, (at
twenty minutes before five o'clock p. in.,) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &e., were presented under
the rule and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. BLOW: Petitions and protests of citizens
of Canton, Louisiana, La Grange, and Keokuk and
St. Louis, against the Senate bill providing tor the
ercction of draw-bridges on the Mississippi river.
By Mr. harding, of Illinois: The petition of
Amos Sanford, of Prairie City, Illinois, for pay for a
horse.
By Mr. JULIAX: The petition of Thomas Augen,
praying Congress to grant him relief for damages
done his property by the Union Army during the
late war.
By Mr. MORRILL: The petition of C. F. Sturte-
vant and 48 others, citizens of Hartland, Vermont,
praying for an increase of the tariff so as to protect
American labor.
IN SENATE.
Friday, May 25, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. MORGAN presented the petition of the
American Atlantic Cable Telegraph Company,
praying for such legislation as will enable
them to lay a cable from some convenient
location on the Atlantic coast of the United
1 States to the island of Bermuda, and from
thence to the Azores, and Lisbon, in Portugal;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. MORRILL presented petitions of muni-
cipal officers and citizens of Lyman, Kenne-
bunk, and Biddeford, in the State of Maine, iu
aid of the petition of Samuel Batchelder, and
others, for the repair of the United States piers
and other property on the Saco river; which
were referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HENDERSON presented a memorial
of five hundred citizens of Marion county,
Missouri, praying that no bridges with pivots
and draws be authorized to be constructed
over the Mississippi river : which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. GUTHRIE presented the petition of C.
S. Pennebaker, agentof the State of Kentucly,
praying that a pension may be granted^to Lieu-
tenant W. 13. Kelley, late of the first Kentucky
cavalry; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
reports of committees.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, from the select commit-
tee, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 282)
to reorganize the clerical force of the Depart-
ment of the Interior, and for other purposes,
reported it with amendments ; and he presented
accompanying letters and papers from the Sec-
retary of the' Interior, which were ordered to
be printed.
bills introduced.
Mr. CONNESS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 98) to amend an act
entitled "An act to authorize the establish-
ment of ocean mail steamship service between
the United States and China," approved Feb-
ruary 17, 1BG5; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HENDRICKS asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 340) amendatory and explanatory
of an act entitled "An act to regulate prize pro-
ceedings and the distribution of prize money,
and for other purposes," approved June i>0,
1864: which was read twice by its title.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have been requested
to present this bill; I do not know that I am
