1886.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
793
results of the war In the nominal emancipation
of (lie slave, if you will leave him subject to
his authority, wiihout rights of citizenship, and
without any security for (he practical enjoy-
ment of the liberty you have given him. I£c
can afford to make this offer, and others which
the Executive hails as unexpected evidence of
progress— because lie cannot helpit. Theonly
surprise tr> me is that on such an invitation the
whole South did not rush incontinently into the
executive embrace. But will yon accept it?
Jfyou do, what is your gift of freedom to the
black man? It is hut "the Dead sea fruit,
that tempts the eye but turns to ashes on the
lips.'' What will you have done for "the
ward of the Republic,'' as he was characterized
py our generous and noble-minded martyr Pres-
ident, if he is to pass into the condition of a
Pariah, and to accept just .such terms as his
humbled and exasperated master may impose
on him ? Yon will only have mocked him with
the mirage oflibcrtyto make his condition ten-
fold worse than it was before. Is this the ful-
fillment of your plighted faith? Was it your
ship for fines and jail fees ? What says the of-
ficial report 01. General Schurz, the result, of a
long and extended tour, which is so mysteri-
ously ignored, while in (lie face of its authentic
and overwhelming testimony the President is
relinquishing our blood-bought conqneststo the
enemy without even taking the advice of Con-
gress, though now sitting at the capital, and
proving the tranquillity of the South by the re-
sult of a five days' sojourn in three of its prin-
cipal towns, which developed the fact that black
troops could not be employed to advantage be-
cause it would be necessary to accumulate them
in large bodies for their own protection ? How
is it in Mississippi, where the local militia are
already stripping the negro of the arms pur-
; chased from you as cherished heir-looms, dear
memorials, consecrated by the war of liberty,
and stained, perhaps, with "their own blood, spilt
in your own defense, or with the blood of the ]
discomfited barbarians who are now so valor-
ousiy disarming them? How is it in Tennes-
see? How in Virginia? It is not the over-
throw of the rebellion, but of the abolitionists
purpose only "to keep the word of promise to I of the North, that constitutes the insp.rin"- and !
the car. and break it to the hope?" Itwas.the j exultant theme of the Speaker of its House of !
   ' , — • 1 ' ! Delegates, lie thanks God that Virginia can ;
- • - , - i still trample on the rights of the black man, <
better, have left (he miserable victim of your j; beciuse, as he thinks—and as the, Executive
guile to the slavery in whieli you found him, con- ij thinks of' all these States—she has never been i
i out of the Union. How, then, is the condition !
j of the negro improved by emancipation, under" j
[ a policy that cuts him off from the enjoyment !
of all protection mpeison or property, and is j
intended obviously to keep him in (he bonds of !
servitude, and to prove to the world that the
real victory is thei:s, and that your boon of
freedom was only a cheat and a delusion .' What
is there to prevent the reenactment of the whole
black code in any of these Stages as soon as
they shall have been relieved 1'rum our control
by readmission into the Union upon the terms
of the Executive? If you object—av, even to
the imprisonment, of a northern seaman—you
| will be told as formerly that these aro matters
j of State regulation only. Will you appeal to
1 the courts or send embassadors to Charleston
S to negotiate an amicable submission ? They
j will set your courts at defiance, and drive you
| out with scorn and contumely, as they did be-
I fore, and the Democracy of the North will clap
! their hands and exult over your discomfiture.
I Is the peace of the country lo be secured in
| this way? You have carried the cup of free-
j flora to the lips of the black man and he has
| drunk of it. If you would make of him a
; peaceful citizen, and an obedient member of
the State, you must protect hira in (he enjoy-
ment of the liberty you have given him. To
do this it is only uecessaty to invest him
with the defensive armor of the ballot. That,
will secure to him the consideration of the
white man. That will make it the interest of
the superior classes to cultivate him. That
will educate him into an intelligent acquaint-
ance with his duties. That will secure peace
and harmony to the land. The black man has
shown himself to be as docile, gentle, and hu-
mane as he has approved himself loyal and
bi'av". He will make a valuable citizen if fairly
dealt with. But remember! he is a man, who has
tasted liberty, and felt the glow of an unaccus-
tomed manhood, as his pulse danced with a
new inspiration when he looked up at the folds
tent, perhaps, with his condition, and dreaming
of no change, than thus to lilt him from the
earth, only to dash him down again under the
feet of his oppressor. Better for yourselves,
too, for your present credit and your future
fame, if you had declined his services alto-
gether. The world, in that case, would only
have regarded us as fools. It will now justly
point its finger of scorn at the Government
which was capable of the meanness of turning
its back on the benefactor to whom it appealed,
and appealed successfully, in the hour of its
sore distress. What is this but trusting the
lamb to the vulture ? Will the governing class,
to whose tender mercies you are expected to
turn him over, because they understand his
nature and his interests better than you do,
ever suffer liim to rise from his degraded con-
dition ? What is your experience already on
this point? What earnest, what foretaste, what
assurances do these men give you of future ref-
ormation, even now that the motives for good
behavior are so exigent and overwhelming?
The condition of the black man as a slave dis-
qualified him as a witness against the master
race, who were thuspraetically in the exercise of
a power that placed his person and his life at
the mercy of his paler brother. He is now- free.
Without this privilege, he has no rights that a
white man can be compelled to respect. It is
essential to hi-s security. - No court within the
wide area of civilization would exclude him or
any other man from the witness stand on the
ground of race or color. II admitted, and un-
truthful, as they insist he is, his credibility is ij
still a question for a jury of white men. And j;
yet with this advantage,"this badge of servitude j!
is, still insisted on,,and instead of closing the |i
courts of justice—if they deserve that name, j;
where evidence is excluded on system, and the
tribunal of a Turkish cadi would be shamed—the J:
Federal Government submits to the hnmiliat- |i
ing necessity of withdrawing all controversies, j|
•wherever the ridits of a negro are involved
ignoring those wherein his testimony might bo ! of your starry banner on the perilous edge of
required between white men—within a special ' '' 1 IJ 1  "" "
jurisdiction of its own, while it allows these
people to make constitutions, just to enable
them to escape its power, and do their own will
in such particulars as these, as though they were
reallv free ofourrulo and could be sately trusted
with the performance of such a work! _ But how
is it in regard to the marital relation, with all its
incidents? How as to education and prepara-
tion for the ballot'' Have the schools been
thrown open (o him? Is he free to work on
his own terms, to acquire property, to go about
•wherever his interests or inclination may lead
him. and to seek employment at such wages as
he can fairiv earn—cu1 is he still subject to con-
demnation as a vagrant, and sale or appreutice-
thc battle. Beware, how you allow these men,
who have never yet learned, and never will
learn anything, to trample on him now. The
policy foreshadowed m the proclamations will i
make only a discontented people. It is the
slogan of battle—the herald's denouncement
of that war of races, which is so strangely appre-
hended by those who urge the very opposite
policy to heal up a war of sections. It is the
preparation for these deluded people of a fu-
ture, before which ei-en the savage horrors of
their own revolt may pale. The kindred policy
that ruled our council- in the same inierest for
t.wohmgyeais—as it seems (orule thrm now—
proved fatal to the system it was intended to
serve by making its preservation impossible.
It may be that God Almighty intends to finish
His great work by giving a further rein to the
infernal spirit that precipitated these madmen
into the revolt that melted the chains of their
slaves. Let us see to it that we be not called
upon to repress the outbreak of nature, by
drawing our own swords hereafter upon our
faithful allies in the war of freedom. We can
prevent this now—and will if wo are wise—by
a mere act of justice that is simple and rea-
sonable. and will trench on no man's rights,
while it, will extend the area of freedom by
popularizing these governments and bringing
them at once to the republican standard of the
Constitution. That act is demanded by con-
sideration? of the highest wisdom, as well as
of the strictest justice. It were a foul shams
to refuse it,_ and a fouler still to add to that
refusal the future possible infamy of.turning
our own arms, at the call of these "delinquents,
upon the trusty .auxiliaries who have assisted
in subduing them, when the tyranny of their
oppressors and the instinctive yearnings of
humanity, may drive them to resistance. I
should blush for my country, and weep for it,
too, if it was capable of an atrocity so unut-
terably base.
But though we were even insensible to the
claims ot justice and the emotions of gratitude,
and entirely indifferent to the elevation of the
negro race for its own sake, we want (heir vote
for onr own protection. Our best security is to
erect a breakwater against the encroachments
of the disaffected white man by enlisting the
counteracting influence, the cheap support in
peace, of the loyal black man, to whom we have
so successfully appealed in war. We need his
suffrage now to assist us in keeping that peace
which he had so large a share in making. Take
away his musket, if you please, but do not dis-
arm him entirely. The question with me is not
whether you can trust him, but whether you can
trust the man who asks you to give him "the rule
again over his rescued bondsman. There are
two classes of white men in the seceding States.
The higher and more intelligent is essentially
anti-republican in habit and sentiment, while
the inferior and ignorant is even more abject
and servile than the slave himself. - He may be
educated, however, into a just self-respect and
a sense of his own interests. The governing
class never can. To make them republican
you must change their whole social system and
their natures along with it. Until you do, and
they are thoroughly regenerated, they will be
unsafe depositaries of power in a Government
like this. If you will not disfranchise the man
who lias already shown that, ho is unworthy of
trust, you must at least vender him powerless
for mischief bv placing a sentinel over him, with
the bloodless but potent weapon of the ballot
to keep him in order. I do not insist that you
shall disfranchise the rebel who professes to
have repented, because without him you will
have no white element in the case. 1 have no
objection that you should pardon his crime and
even restore to him his lands, if you think that
the interests of justice require no indemnity,
and no examples. My object is not vengeance.
I do not, thirst for his blood, even with all his
barbarities. Give him back everything else.
But for the power which he has shown him.«elf
unworthy to hold, and which he has so justly
forfeited, restore not that, I adjure and beseech
you, by the recollection of the bloody trial
through which you have passed ; by the respect
you owe to the bereaved, the widowed, the or-
phaned, the maimed who yet live ; and above
all. by the memory of your martyred, butch-
ered, starved, and mutilated dead. Insult them
not by the declaration that the earth lias drunk
their blood in vain. Expose not yourselves lo
the bitter reproach, that before their bones have
been gathered by pious hands from the fields
wdieie they have been leftto bleach vmburied,
their very murderers have been hurried back
into your embrace like returning conquerors.
If this reunion is to be, solemnized on terms
like tbe:,c, wait at least until you have put off
your mourning, and stripped your public places
of the habiliments of woe. Bitry jour mur-
