1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1857
Mr. WASIIBUBNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill and sub-
stitute ivcre recommitted: and also moved that
themotionio reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONSOLIDATION' OF LAND OFFICES.
Mr. BINGHAM, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the followingresolution; which wasread,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Cm/imitteeon Public Lands in-
quire ancl report to thisllouse whethorin their judg-
ment iae public interest requires the consolidation
ot the several land offices in the late insurrectionary
States and the location thereofin the respectivocap-
ltals of said States.
NATIONAL RAILROADS.
_ Mr. G-AKPlELD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to authorize the construction
ot national railroads, and to establish the same
as military, postal, anucommercialroads; which
was read a first and second time, ordered to be
printed, and its further consideration postponed
till the second Tuesday of December next after
the morning hour.
MONTANA TERRITORY.
Mr. McLEAN", by unanimous conscnt, intro-
duced a bill erecting the Territory of Montana
into a separate surveying district, and for other
purposes; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Terri-
tories.
IMMIGRATION.
Mr. DARLING, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to amend an act to establish a
Bureau of Immigration, and other offices sub-
ordinate thereto; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
PROVISIONAL COURT FOR LOUISIANA.
Mr. BOUTWELL, by unanimous conscnt,
introduced a bill to provide for the suits, judg-
ments, and business of the United States pro-
visional court for the State of Louisiana; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
CIVIL RIGHTS BILL VETO MESSAGE.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired.
Mr. ANCONA. I demand the regular order.
Mr. WILSON", of Iowa. I move to proceed
to business on the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gen-
tleman from Iowa has priority of all other
business.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER accordingly laid before the
House the following message from the Senate:
In the Senate of the United States,
April 0,1S0G.
Ordered, That the Secretary communicatethc bill
"to protect all persons in the United Slates in their
civil rights and famish the means of their vindica-
tion/' with the message of (he President returning
the same to the Senate with his objection?, nnd the
Proceedings of the Senate thereon, to the House of
Representatives.
Attest; J. "W. FORNEY, Secretary.
In the Senate op the Unitpd St vtes,
April (5, IS00.
The President of the United Stateshavingreturned
to the Senate, in which it originated. the hill entitled
"An act to protect all persons in the United States in
their civil mixta and furnish the means of their vin-
dication/' with his objections thereto, the Senai->
proceeded, in pursuance of the Constitution, to recon-
sider the same; and, , „ . ,
Resolved, That the said bill do pass, two thirds of
the Senate agreeing to pass the same.
Attest: J- W • F0]l\L\,
Secretary oj the bncule.
The Clerk read the bill, as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United St<i*<s of Ah/rricn Cot^jrcsv axsem-
bled, That all persons born in the United States and
not subject to any foreign Power, excluding Indians-
not taxed, arc hereby declared to be tiluens ot the
United States; and such citizens of every race and
color, without regard to any previous condition of
slavcrv or involuntary servitude, except as a punish-
ment lor crime whereof the party shall have been
duly convicted, shall have the same right m every
State and Territory in the United States to make and
enforce contracts, to sue, be parties, and j-ne evi-
dence, to inherit, purchase, lease, sell, hold, and con-
vey real and personal property, and to full and equal
benolit of all laws and proceedings for the security of
39tii Com l.-"i Sj&y. -No. in.
person and property as is enjoyed by white citizens,
and shall bo subject to like punishment, pains, and
penalties, and to none other, any law, statute, ordi-
nance, regulation, or custom to the contrary notwith-
standing.
Sec. 2. And be it further enactcd, That any person
who, under color of any law, statute, ordinance, reg-
ulation, or custom, shall subject, or cause to be sub-
jected, any inhabitant of any State or Territory to
the deprivation of any right secured or protected by
this act, or to different punishment, pains, or penal-
tics on account of such person having at any time
been held m a condition of slavery or involuntary
servitude, oxccpt as a punishment for crime whereof
the party shall have been duly convicted, or by reason
of his color or race, than is prescribed for the punish-
ment of white persons, shall be deemed guilty of a
misdemeanor, and, on conviction, shall be punished
by a fine not exceeding $1,(X)0, or imprisonment not
exceeding one year, or both, in the discretion of the
court.
Skc. 3. And be it farther enactcd, That the district
courts of the United States, within their respective
districts, shall have, exclusively of the courts of tho
several States, cognizance of all crimes and offenses
committed against the provisions of this act, and also,
concurrently with the circuit courts of the United
States, of all cause*, civil and criminal, a fleeting per-
sons who arc denied or cannot enforce in the courts
or judicial tribunals of the State or locality where
they may be, any of the rights sccured to them by the
first section of this act; and if any suit or prosecut ion,
civil or criminal, has been or shall be commenced in
any State coin, t against any such person, for any cause
whatsoever, or against any officer, civil or military,
or other person, lor any arrestorimprisomncnt,tres-
passes, or wrongs done or committed by virtue or
under color of authority derived from this act or the
actestablishmg a Bureau for tho Relief of Freedmen
and Refugees, and all acts amendatory thereof, or for
relusingtodoany act upon thegiound that it would be
inconsistent with this act, such defendant shall have
the right to remove such cause for tnalto the proper
district or circuit court iff the manner prcscribcdby
the "Aetrclating to habeas corpus and regulating ju-
dicial proceedings m certain eases,"approvedMarch
3, ISO:*, and all acts amendatory thereof. The juris-
diction in civil and ci imiual mattorshereby conferred
on the district and circiutcourts of the UnitodStates
shall be exeiciscd nnd enforced in conformity with the
laws of the United States, so far as such laws arosuit-
able to carry the same into ctlcct; but in all cases
where such laws arc not adapted to the object, or are
deficient in the provisions neccssaiy to furnish suit-
able remedies and punish oflenses against law, the
common law, as modified andelutnged by (be consti-
tution and statutes of the State wheiem the court
having jurisdiction ot the cause, civil or criminal, is
held, so far as-the same is not inconsistent wit li the
Constitution and laws of the United States, shall be
extended to and govern said courts in tho trial and
disposition of such cause, and, if of a criminal nature,
in t he infliction of punishment on the party lound
guilty.
Sec. 4. And he it further cnactvd, That the district
attorneys, marshals, and deputy marshals of the Uni-
ted States, the commissioners appointed by the cir-
cuit aud territorial courts of tho United States, with
powcis of arresting, imprisoning, orbnihng ollcnders
against the laws of the United States, the oflieersand
agents of the Fj ecdmen's Bureau, a.nd every other
officer who may be specially empowered by the Pres-
ident of the United States shall be, ami they are
hereby, specially authorized and required, at the ex-
pense of the United States, to institute proceedings
against all and cveiy person who shall violate tho
provisions of this act, and cause him or them to be
ariested and imprisoned, or bailed, as the case may
be, tor trial befoic such court of tho United States
or territorial court as by this act has cognizance of
the offense. And with a view to affording reasonable
protection to all persons in their constitutional rights
of equality beforethe law, without distinction of iaeo
or color, or pievious condition ofslavoiy or involun-
tary servitude, except as a punishment for crime
whereof the party shall have been duly eoriviUed,
and to the prompt discharge of the duties oi tMs net,
it shall be. the duty of the cucuit courts of t lie United
States and thesupenorcoiutsot thoTerntononoi the
United States, from time to time to increase the nam
her of commissioners, so as to afiord a speedy and con-
venient means for tho arrest and examination of per-
sons charged with a violation of this net. And such
commissioners are hereby authorized and required to
exercise and dischaige all the powers and duties con-
ferred on them by this aet, and the same duties with
regard to offenses creatcd by tlna act, a,- they are au-
thorized by law to exercise with, regaid 1o other
offenses against the Jaws of Ihe United States.
Si:c. ft. And belt further ctKieh-d, That it.--hall bet lie
duty of all marshals and deputy marshals to obey nnd
execute all warrants and piccepts issued under the
provisions ot this am, when to tlieni directed; aud
should any marshal or deputy inaishal refuse to re-
ceive such warrant or other process when tendered,
or to use all proper means diligently to execute the
same, he shall, on conviction thereof, be lined in the
sum ofM.OUU, to tho u-c of f he person upon whom the
accused is alleged to have committed the offense.
And the better to enable the said commissioners to
execute their duties faithfully and efficiently. m con-
formity with the Constnution ot the United Stales
and the requirements of this act, they are hereby
| authorized and empowered, within their counties re-
; spectively, toappoint, in writing, under their hands
! any one or more suitable persons, from time to time.
; to cxccutc all su'diwari aim* and other process asm«y
i be issued by them in the lawful peri'orm;mecof their
I respective duties: and the persons so appointed to
: execute any warrant or proefss as aforesaid_ shall
I have authority to summon and call to their aid the
bystanders or the po*$e comilatus of the proper county,
or such portion of tho land and naval forces of the
UnitedStates, or the militia, as may be necessary to
tho performance of tho duty with which they aro
charged, aud to insure a faithful observance of the
clause of the Constitution which prohibits slavery, in
conformity with the provisions of this act: and said
warrants shall run and bo executed by said officers
anywhere in the State or Territory within which they
are issued.
. Sec. 6. be it farther enacted. That any person
whoshall knowingly and willfully obstruct, hinder, or
prevent any officer, or other person charged with the
execution of any warrant or process issued under the
provisions of this act, or any person or persons law-
fully assisting him or them, from arresting any per-
son for whose apprehension such warrant or proccss
may have been issued, or shall rescue or attempt to
rescue such person from the custody of tho officer,
other person or persons, or those lawfully assisting
as aforesaid, when so arrested pursuant to tho au-
thority herein given and declared, or shall aid, abet,
or assist anypcison so arrested as aforesaid, directly
or indirect ly, to escape from tho custody of tlio offi-
cer or other person legally authorized as aforesaid,
orshall harbororeonceal anypersonforwhoso arrest
a warrant oi pioecss shall have been issued as afoio-
said,wo as to prevent his discovery and arrest aftor
notice or knowledge of tho fact that a warrant has
been issued lor the apprehension ot such person, shall
for either of said offenses, bo subject to a lino not
exceeding $1,000, and imprisonment not exceeding
sixmonths, by indictment and conviction beforo the
district, eouit of the United States for the district in
which said offense may have been committed, or be-
fore the proper court of criminal jurisdiction, if com-
mitted within any one of the organized Territories of
the United/States.
Sec. 7. And he it farther enacted. That the district
attorneys, the marshals, the deputies, and the clerks
ot the said district and territorial courts shall be paid
for their services tho like fees as liiav be allowed to
them for similar services in other cases; and in all
cases where tho proceedings aro beforo a commis-
sioner he shall be entitled to a feo of ten dollars in
full for his sei v ices in each case, inclusive of all ser-
vices incident to such arrest and examination. Tho
person or persons authouzed to cxeeute the process
to bo issued hv such commissioners for tho arrest of
offenders against tho provisions of this act shall bo
entitled to a. lee of five dollars for each person he or
they mav aimst and take before any such commis-
sioner as aforesaid, with such other fees as may bo
deemed reasonable by such commissioner lor such
ot her additional servict s ns may bo necessarily pcr-
foimed bv him or them, such as attending at tho
examination, keeping the prisoner in custody, and
providing hun with lood ami lodging during his de-
tention, and until tho final determination of such
commissioner, and in general for performing such
other duties as may be lequired m the premises;
such fees to be made up in conformity with tho ieea
usually charged by the officers of the courts of justice
within f he proper dish ict or county, as near as may
be pi act jcable, and paid out of the Tieasui y of tho
United States on the certificate of the judge of tho
disti ict within which tho arrest is made, and to bo
recoverable from the defendant as part ot the judg-
ment in oa^'o of conviction.
Sec. 8. And he it further enacted, That whenever
the President of ihe United States shall have reason
to believe that ofh nses have been or are likely to bo
committed against the provisions of this act within
any judicial distnef, it shall bo lawful for him, in his
discretion, to direct the judge, marshal, and district
attorney of such district to attend at such pin eewithin
the district, and for such time as lie may designate,
for the purpose of tho more speedy arrest and trial
of pei sous charged with a violation of this act; and
itsha.ll bo tho duty of every Judge or other officer,
when anv such requisition shall be received by him,
to attend at the place and for the time therein desig-
nated.
Sec. 9. And he it further enneted, That it shall bo
lawful for the President ot the United States, or such
pcison lie may erupowei for that purpose, to em-
plov such pait of the lundor naval forces of the Uni-
ted Stales, or ot the militia, as shall be necessary to
prevent the violation and enforce the due execution,
of tin- net.
Si c. 10. And be it further enacted, That upon all
questions of law arising in anv cause under \ he pro-
visions of this act a final appeal may be taken to tho
Supreme Court of the United States.
The Clerk read the message of the President,
as follows:
To the Senate of the CaUed Slates:
I regret that the bill which has passed both
Houses of Congress, entitled "An act to pro-
tect all persons in tho United States in (heir
civil rights, and furnish the moans _for their
vindication," contains provisions -which T can-
not approve, consistently with my sense of duty
to the whole people and my obligations to the
Constitution of the United States. I am there-
fore constrained to return it to the Senate, the
House in which it originated, with my objec-
tions to .its becoming a law.
I>ythe lirst scetion of the biP, all persons
born in the United States, and not subject to
any f'or"ign Pov, or, excluding Indians no' Ui:;e<3.
are deelared to be citizonsof the United otates.
This provision comprehends tho Chinese ol the
