2818
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
in favor of it; but I move its reference to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
colonization op africans.
Mr. MORRILL submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President be requested to com-
municate to the Senate the transactions of the exec-
utive government under the several acts of Con-
gress of April 10,1862, May 12,1862, and July 17, 1862,
for the transportation, colonization, and settlement
of such persons of the African race as are mentioned
in those acts respectively, and especially what colo-
nization measures have been adopted, if any, the
number of persons colonized, with expenses incurred.
women's hospital.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the amendments of the House of
Representatives to the bill (S. No. 167) to
incorporate the Women's Hospital Associa-
tion of the District of Columbia.
The first amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives was in section one, line three, after
the first word "that" to insert the following
among the names of the corporators: *1 Abram
D: Gillette, Byron Sunderland, William B.
Matchett, Henry D. Cooke, William W. Cor-
coran, Charles Knap, J. H.'Tliompson, Moses
Kelly, Ansel St. John."
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the Senate
concur in that amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
The Secretary read the second amendment
of the House of Representatives, which was in
the first section, line three, after the name
"Adelaide J. Brown" to strike out all the
names to and including that of "MaryK.
Lewis" in line seven, except that of "Mary
W. Kelly," and to insert " Elmira W. Knap,
Mary C. Havermer, Mary Ellen X or merit, Jane
Thompson, Maria L. Harkness, Isabella Mar-
garet Washington, and Mary P. Smith."
Mr. MORRILL. I should like to have the
names proposed to be stricken out read.
The Secretary. The names proposed to
be stricken out are "Mrs. Jane L. Smith,
Mrs. Harriet B. Blanchard, Mrs. Maria M.
Carter, Mrs. Jane Farnham, Mrs. Ann J. Gil-
lette, Mrs. Kathleen Carlisle, Mrs. Sarah C.
Jones, Mrs. Marv K. Lewis."
Mr. MORRILL. I do not know anything
about the circumstances, and I move that the
bill and amendments lie on the table for the
present.
The motion was agreed to.
ports or delivery.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the Senate
take up for consideration the bill (S. No. 196)
to extend the port of entry of the collection
district of the State of Oregon.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill,which had been reported from
the Committee on Commerce with an amend-
ment to strike out all of the bill after the en-
acting clause in Ihe following words—■
That the port of entry of the collection district of
the State of Oregon be extended so as to embrace the
city of Portland, and that vessels and ships be allowed
to load and unload at said city, and that the Secre-
tary of the Ticasurybe authorized to build or rent
the accessary bonded warehouses at said city—
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
That Council Bluffs* in the State of Iowa, shall be,
and is hereby, constituted a port of delivery, and
shall be subject to the same regulations and restric-
tions as other poits of delivery in the United Stare::;
and there shall be appointed a surveyor of customs
to reside at said port, who shall, in addition to his
own duties, perform the duties and receive the sal-
ary and emoluments of surveyor prescribed bv the
act of Congress approved on the 2d of March,"1831.
providing for the payment of duties on imported
goods at certain ports therein mentioned, entitled
An act allowing the duties on fr>rp,ij?n merchandise
imported into Pittsburg. Wheeling, Cincinnati, Lou-
isville, St. Louis, IS ashville, and Natchez, to be se-
cured and paid at tho=e places and the said town
of Council Bluffs and the said port of delivery be, and
is hereby, annexed to and made a part of the collec-
tion district of New Orleans, and all the facilities
and privileges afforded by the said act of Congress
of the 2d of March, 1831, be, and are hereby, extended
to the said port of Council Bluffs.
Sec. 2. And be it further cnactcd, That Portland, in
the State of Oregon, shall be, and is hereby, consti-
tuted a port of delivery, and shall he subject to the
same regulations and restrictions as other ports of
delivery in the United States, and there shall bo
appointed a surveyor of customs to reside at said
port, who shall, in addition to his own duties, per-
form the duties and receive the salary and emolu-
ments of surveyor prescribed by the act of Congress
approved on the 2d of March, 1831, providing for the
payment of duties on imported goods at eertainports
therein mentioned, entitled "An act allowing the
duties on foreign merchandise imported into Pitts-
burg, "Wheeling, Cincinnati, Louisville, St. Louis,
Nashville, and Natchez, to be secured and paid at
those places;" and the said city of Portland and the
said port of delivery be, and is hereby, annexed to
and made a part of the collection district of the State
of Oregon, and all the facilities and privileges af-
forded by the said act of Congress of the2d of March,
1831, be, and are hereby, extended to the said port of
Portland.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If I heard the bin cor-
rectly, it is a bill to establish a port of delivery
for foreign goods away up near the source of
the Missouri river. 1 do not know that there
is a probability of there being any importations
from Europe at that point. I should like to
hear some explanation of the bill from the
Senator from Maine, [Mr. Morrill,] who I
believe reported it, to know why it is neces-
sary to establish a port of delivery at that point.
It may be all right, but I did not suppose that
foreign goods were landed there.
Mr. HENDERSON. That does not follow
because it is a port of delivery.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think I can assure the
Senator that it is necessary so far as the city
of Portland is concerned. This bill is reported
fromthe Committeeon Commerce as an amend
ment to a bill that I introduced. I have no
interest in making the city of Couneil'Bluffs a
port of delivery, but I am interested, and it is
not difficult to show, that the city of Portland,
in Oregon, ought to be a port of delivery, as
large quantities of foreign goods are brought
there and delivered in that city.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That may be true in
regard to the city of Portland, but I should
like to know of the Senator from Oregon if he
thinks that is true in regard to Council Bluffs.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I know nothing about
Council Bluffs. I introduced a bill to make
Portland, in Oregon, a port of delivery. That
bill was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and they reported back the bill, with
an amendment striking out what I introduced,
and inserting this proposition, which includes
Council Bluffs as a port of delivery.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope we shall have
some explanation of the necessity of a port of
delivery at Council Bluffs.
Mr. MORRILL. In reply to the Senator
from Illinois, as he appealed to me, I will say
that I had no special charge of this bill, and
did not report it. I have only a general rec-
ollection that this amendment was drawn at
the Treasury Department and said to be neces-
sary to prevent smuggling in that region of the
country. That is all I can say of it now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know how any
smuggling is to be carried on at that point.
Perhaps my friend from Iowa [Mr. Kirk-
wood] can tell us.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. The honorable Sena-
tor from Illinois is somewhat misinformed
in locating Council Bluffs so far up on the
Missouri river.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is pretty far up.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. It is much nearer the
mouth of that river than the sources of it. It
is almost duo west from the residence of my
colleague, on the Mississippi, Burlington, at
which place there is a port of entry or deliv-
ery: T do not know which. It is not nearly as
far north as Dubuque, in the State of Iowa,
at which place there is, I think, a port of entry
and a custom-house. Dubuque is on the Mis-
sissippi river. Council Bluff's is immediately
opposite the eastern terminus of one branch
of'the Pacific railroad, at Omaha, in Nebraska
Territory. I am not familiar enough with the
country to say whether a port of delivery be
needed there or not; but I can say this, that
if one be needed at Galena, in the State of
Illinois, at Burlington, in the State of Iowa,
and if a port of entry and a custom-house be
needed at Dubuque, I can very well conceive
how and why a port of delivery may be needed
at Council Bluffs. That is all I can say on the
subject.. We have a custom-house at Dubuque
and a port of entry there, and I am satisfied
that there is as much necessity for one and the
other at Council Bluffs as there is at Dubuque.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We have had various
ports of entry or delivery in the West, and I
believe that some of them have merely given
places for officers. I know I looked into this
matter some years ago and ascertained that
there Were throughout the United States—I
had at that time the tables before me—various
points where we had ports of delivery where
the salary amounted to more than all the duties
which the officer collected. I do not know that
that would be the case at Council Bluffs. I was
inquiring rather for information. I think there
are one or two in my own State that have been
discontinued recently. We had them all along
the Mississippi, and at one time there was a
disposition to build custom-houses all over the
country. The fact that a port of delivery has
been established improperly at some place
where it was not needed, is not a sufficient rea-
son for establishing another. However, as I
am not informed about this matter and the Sen-
ator from Maine thinks there was some reason
for it at the Treasury Department, I suggest that
the bill had better go over until we are better
informed.
Mr. MORRILL. I was going to make that
suggestion. I do not wish it to pass on my
account.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If there is a reason for
it, I have no objection ; but 1 do not see why
it should be.
Mr. GRIMES. I simply desire to say that
I concur in what my colleague has said, that
the same necessity exists, I think, for the estab-
lishment of a custom-house at Council Bluffs
that existed for the establishment of one at
Keokuk, or at Burlington, where I reside, or at
Dubuque. I am not aware that there is any
reason additional to those that exist as to the
office in this place. The truth is, Mr. Presi-
dent, that the offices in that State of this de-
scription, as well as offices everywhere else of
this character, ought to be abolished, and lam
ready to vote to abolish them, and am not pre-
pared to vote to establish any others. I was
not aware that there was any such proposition
as this here until I heard it read in the bill at
the Secretary's desk. Burlington, where I
reside, has been a port of delivery a great many
years, long before I was a member of this body,
and I think that there was one delivery of for-
eign goods there; I think there was once some
railroad iron brought there which was delivered
in bond. That is the only business of that
description, so far as I know or have been
informed, ever done there. During the war
this office of surveyor of the port became of
some value to the Government.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. Will my colleague allow
me one moment? May it not be that this is
asked for on account of the delivery of the iron
at Council Bluffs or Omaha for the Pacific rail-
road?
Mr. GRIMES. I was going to state that.
During the war these officers became of a good
deal of value. To them was intrusted th? busi-
ness of looking after contraband articles that
were being run over the railroads and taken
down into Missouri and there furnished to guer-
rillas ; and Ihaveno doubt that all (he expense
the Government was put to in establishing and
maintaining them was amply compensated.
The Senator from Maine states that this prop-
osition, as I understand, came from the Treas-
ury Department.
Mr. MORRILL. I so understood, though I
was not sure.
Mr. GRIMES. It may be possible, and
quite probable, indeed, if that be so. that there
is some substantial reason why the recommen-
dation was made; and therefore t hope that
the bill will be permitted to lie over until to-
morrow, when we can ascertain something fur-
ther about it. It may be, as has been suggested
by my colleague, that in consequence of th«
