3778
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
mittee, to have had an interview and understanding
with certain attorneysof the town of Grecnsburg, one
of whom was a return judge himself, and became the
president of the board on their assembling. Theevi-
dence shows that, under the direction of this presi-
dent, some twenty-two returns of votes from the sol-
diers in the field were thrown out, and that for mere
informalities, specially provided for in said act of
1864. The evidence further shows a combination and
party arrangement to reject said returns, and further
shows that through some management the minority
ofthejudges were induced to sign the necessary cer-
tificates, before the result had been' ascertained, or
before any action or decision was. had on any ques-
tion relating to said returns. This action, the minor-
ity of said judges had no doubt afterward of being a
designed trick and advantage taken of them, and
your committee may add that they have no doubt of
the same.
" Upon a careful review of all the facts developed
by the examination of the committee, we have con-
eluded that further legislation is necessary, to pro-
tect the soldier in the exercise of the elective fran-
chise. Yourcommitteeroportherewith abill which,
in theiriudgment, is calculated toseeure the end con-
templated by their appointment. The people of the
State have, as we believe, a high regard and sacred
respect for the doctrine that the will of the majority
shall be the law of the land. It must not be permit-
tod that tiie confidence and respect always manifested
by the people tow.ird the decision of the majority
at the ballot-box, shall ever bo shaken, much less
destroyed. There could be no more speedy method
devised for the overthrow of our institutions than
t'ao adoption of a system which should convince the
people that their voice, fairly expressed at the ballot-
box, should be set aside by the tricks, frauds, or con-
spiracies of a few prothonotaries and return judges."
In summing up the votes, we have clearly 24
votes cast substantially in the form prescribed
by the statute. Taking the 15 from the 24
leaves 9 majority in favor of the contestant.
But suppose you allow 21, which is the highest
number the committee take ; that would leave
3 majority for the contestant. But, counting
the whole number of votes clearly east, there
are 32. Take 21 from 82 and it leaves 11 ma-
jority. Or take 15 from 82 and you have 17
majority. So any way you please to take it
there is a clear majority in favor of the con-
testant.
Now, I do not pretend to say that party has
anything to do with this. I have not a word
to say about party. We are, as I have already
said, on higher ground than that. We found
our claim upon the law and the facts. In Penn-
rylvania, instead of keeping our brave boys at
home we sent them to the battle-field, and there,
in the face o£j the enemy, we allowed them to
vote. And they voted to elect members of
Congress who would vote for laws to sustain
them in the field while fighting for. their coun-
try. Now, the question is, shall those votes
be rejected by us? There is no evidence or
allegation of irand; nothing of the kind. They
were lawful voters and deposited their ballots
in good faith, and the question for the House
is whether the little technicalities and infor-
malities of which the geutleman from Wiscon-
sin [Mr. Paine] has said so much, shall de-
prive theni of their \otes. Is the Congress of
the United Stales to require that every t must
be eiossed and every i be dotted and every
comma put in the returns, or else the soldiers'
vote shall be rejected ? If that is so, then the
law is but a dead letter so far as its intent and
purpose is concerned.
I trust the House will take this matter into
consideration, and not, because a majority of
a committee have reported a particular way,
go with the committee. I have heard the argu-
ment used here again and again, " Go with the
committee," "Go with the committee." That
is a strange argument. Is a committee of but
nine members to rule the action of the Con-
gress of the United States? For what is a com-
mittee appointed? To prepare business and
report it to the House; and then the House is
to decide whether the recommendation of the
committee is right or wrong. If the committee
is to decide all things, then Congress better go
home and let the committee decide all these
matters for us. I repudiate any such doctrine
as that. I say this honorable committee, how-
ever fairly and honorably they may have acted,
have been mistaken in regard to the law and
disregarded the facts.
I have undertaken to show by the law that
they were wrong. And now I appeal to the
House and ask them if they will vote to keep
the sitting member in his seat merely because
he is a fine and clever man, and deny to the
people of that congressional district the Rep-
resentative for whom they voted as their choice?
I aver that according to the law and according
to the facts Mr. Puller is clearly elected, and I
ask that he be allowed to take his seat. I do
not ask it upon party grounds, because we have
nothing to do with party in this matter. I claim
it because the facts and the law are in favor of
Mr. Fuller, and it is due to the electors of the
twenty-first, district of Pennsylvania that they
should be represented in Congress by the man
of their choice.
If you decide against the right of Mr. Fuller
to the seat here, you decide virtually that the
soldiers in the field shall not be allowed to
vote, and that the men who periled their lives
to save our country in her struggle shall be
deprived of one of their most sacred rights. I
do not believe that any lawyer upon this floor,
or any member of this House, who has exam-
ined this case thoroughly, will hesitate a mo-
ment to say that the contestant is entitled to a
seat here, and will so vote. And with these
remarks I leave the question to be decided by
the House.
Mr. DAWES obtained the floor.
Mr. GARFIELD. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment? «
Mr. DAWES. Certainly.
DEATHS 01' PRISONERS 0! WAR.
Mr. GARFIELD, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to
report to this House, at as early a day as possible,
the whole number of Union soldiers who died during
the war while held by the rebels as prisoners of war,
and a lso the number of rebel soldiers who died while
held by us as prisoners of war.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was agreed to;
and also moved that the motion to'reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION SIGNED.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled a joint resolution (S. B.
No. 129) to authorize the President to place at
the disposal of the authorities of Portland,
Maine, tents, camp and hospital furniture, and
clothing for the use of families rendered house-
less by the late fire ; when the Speaker signed
the same.
CONTESTED ELECTION -AGAIN.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I sincerely
regret to be compelled again to force myself
upon the House in the discussion of these unin-
viting and tiresome questions arising in con-
tested elections. I had' humbly hoped that I
had earned a discharge from labor so unwel-
come. And nothing could now induce mo to
undertake again a task of this kind but the fact
that the case before from necessity spread
over so much ground that it is impossible for
the learned gentleman [Mr. Paine] who has
made this report to present to the House all
the circumstances and questions involved within
the time which one member may occupy in the
discussion. Hence I am induced to beg the
attention of the House for a few moments to
one particular part of this case, in order that I
may thereby relieve the gentleman from Wis-
consin from a labor which, although I am con-
scious it could have been better performed by
him, might possibly', in the limited time allowed,
go unperformed unless I should attempt, how-
ever inadequately, to perform it.
I am compelled further to ask the indulgence
of the House, because in undertaking to speak
to-day I am laboring under an indisposition
which really unfits me for presenting to the
House any ideas worthy of its consideration. I
never attempt to present any views from this
committee without feeling that it becomes it
more than any other committee to be faithful
to the House; for the subject-matters intrusted
to it are always of such a character that the
investigation of their merits must to a great
extent be performed in the committee-room;
and while the committee can ask nobody to
accept their views as final, yet as the questions
cannot be examined in the House in the man-
ner in which they can be in the committee, and
in the manner in which their character may
demand, there rests upon the committee the
stronger obligation to be faithful to the House
in the discharge of their duty.
Sir, the three learned gentlemen from Penn-
sylvania, while I admit their ability to exam-
ine this case with as much acumen as any other
gentlemen, certainly as any other member of
the committee, have failed altogether to touch
the merits of the ease. The question presented
here is not, as those three gentlemen sought to
have the House understand, a question of dis-
franchising soldiers. Unless I am altogether
mistaken in the view which I take of this case,
members will, when the facts are understood,
be relieved from all anxiety lest they may, by
following the report of the committee, unwit-
tingly disfranchise soldiers who voted at the
election here contested. Unless I mistake
altogether this case, it is simply a question of
fact—how many soldiers voted for the sitting
member and how many for the contestant.
At the election which is now in dispute the
sitting member had by the home vote 648 ma-
jority ; and the whole question, the only ques-
tion presented in the c$se, is whether the con-
testant had, on the soldiers' vote a sufficient
majority to overcome the sitting member's
majority of G84 on the home vote. The ques-
tion presented by the contestant to the com-
mittee and the House is simply this: shall this
House say that more soldiers voted for the con-
testant than for the sitting member merely be-
cause the contestant says so ?
Mr. BINGHAM. Does the gentleman mean
to be understood as saying that the contestant
offers no proof as to the number of votes given
for him, and that he has asked the committee
and the House to act upon his statement alone?
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, nothing so
embarrasses a member speaking in this House
as to have other gentlemen paying such close
attention to what he says that they anticipate
his utterances, and question him to know
whether he means to say this or that. I was
just about to say, Mr. Speaker, that this ease
presents a peculiar feature, one which, accord-
ing to my recollection, never appeared in any of
the sixty different cases, in the examination and
decision of which it has been my misfortune to
participate; and that peculiar feature is this :
a man comes here and contests the election of
a sitting member who holds a certificate of the
Governor of his State that he is entitled to the
scat; yet the contestant does not offer one par-
ticle of testimony in support of his case. Not-
withstanding these three large volumes, the
testimony of a single witness has not been taken
by the contestant in this case. I do not speak
of ruling out testimony on technical grounds.
There has been no attempt to examine a single
witness on the stand anywhere touching the
right of this man or proving that the major-
ity should not declare the sitting member was
entitled to the seat.
He has attempted, on the other hand, to
support this claim by papers, papers of every
sort and description, scraps of paper, abstracts
of papers, papers without beginning or end,
statements made to the Legislature of Penn-
sylvania in another election case in that body,
certain papers from the prothonotary's office,
certified papers from the secretary of state;
but, sir, from the beginning to the end he has
not attached those papers to his case or shown
what application or influence they should have.
I desire to go back and present this case from,
the stand-point of the reply made bythes.tting'
member. The lucid and able report presented
by the gentleman from Wisconsin closes with
the contestant's side of the case; and when it
is cleared away from the mistakes into which
gentlemen naturally have fallen who depend
upon their examination of the case here, it will
be clear as sunlight that by the contestant's
