1858
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
Pacific States, Indians subject to taxation, the
people called Gypsies, as well as the entire race
designated as blacks, people of color, negroes,
mulattoes, and persons of African blood. Every
individual of those races, born in the United
States, is by the b&l made a citizen of the Uni-
ted States. It does not purport to declare or
"confer any other right of citizenship than Fed-
eral citizenship. It does not purport to give
these classes of persons any status as citizens
of States, except that which may result from
their status as citizens of the United States.
The power to confer the right of State citizen-
ship is just as exclusively with the several States
as the power to confer the right of Federal cit-
izenship is with Congress.
The right of Federal citizenship thus to be
conferred 011 the several excepted races be-
fore mentioned is now, for the first time, pro-
posed to be given by law. If, as is claimed
by many, all per'sons who are native-born,
already are, by virtue of the Constitution, citi-
zens of the United States, the passage of the
pending bill cannot be necessary to make them
such. If, on the other hand, such persons are
not citizens, as may be assumed from the pro-
posed legislation to make them such, the grave
question presents itself, whether, when eleven
of the thirty-six States are unrepresented in
Congress, at this time it is sound policy to
make our entire colored population and all
other excepted classes citizens of the United
States? Four millions of them have just emerged
from slavery into freedom. Can it be reason-
ably supposed that they possess the requisite
qualifications to entitle them to all the privileges
and immunities of citizens of the United States?
Have the people of the several States expressed
such a conviction? It may also be asked
whether it is necessary that they should be
declared citizens in order that they may be
secured in the enjoyment of civil rights ? Those
rights proposed to be conferred by the bill are
by Federal as well as State laws secured to all
domiciled aliens and foreigners even before
the completion oft he process of naturalization,
and it may safely be assumed that the same
enactment's are suflicient to give like protection
and benefits to those for whom this bill pro-
vides special legislation. Besides, the policy
of the Government, from its origin to the pres-
ent time, seems to have been that persons who
are strangers to and unfamiliar with.our in-
stitutions and our laws should pass through a
certain probation, at the end of which, before,
attaining the coveted prize, they must give
evidence of their iitness to receive and to exer-
cise the rights of citizens as contemplated by
the Constitution of the United States.
The bill, in effect, proposes a discrimination
against large numbers of intelligent, worthy,
and patriotic foreigners, and in favor of the
negro, to whom, after long years of bondage,
the avenues to freedom and intelligence have
now been suddenly opened. He must, of ne-
cessity, from his previous unfortunate condi-
tion of servitude, be less informed as to the
nature and character of our institutions than
he who, coming from abroad, has to some ex-
tent, at least, familiarized himself with the prin-
ciples of a Government to which he voluntarily
intrusts "life, liberty, and the pursuit of hap-
piness.'' Yet it is now proposed by a single
legislative enactment to confer the rights of
citizens upon all persons of African descent,
born within the extended limits of the United
Stales, while persons of foreign birth, who
make our land their home, must undergo a
probation of five years, a d can only then
become citizens upon proof that they are of
•' good moral character, attached to the prin-
ciples of the Constitution of the United States,
and well disposed to the good order and hap-
piness of the same.''
The iirst section of the bill also contains an
enumeration of the rights to be enjoyed by these
classes, so made citizens, "in every State and
Territory in the United States." These rights
are, "To make and enforce contracts, to sue,
be parties, and give evidence, to inherit, pur-
chase, lease, sell, hold, and convey real and
personal property/' and to have " full and equal
benefit of all laws and proceedings for the secu-
rity of jperson and property as is enjoyed by
white citizens.'' So. too, they are made sub-
ject to the same punishment, pains, and pen-
alties in common with white citizens, and to
none others. Thus a perfect equality of the '
white and black races is attempted to be fixed
by Federal law, in every State of the Union,
over the vast field of State jurisdiction covered
by these enumerated rights. In no one of these'
can any State ever exercise any power of dis-
crimination between the different races.
In the excrcisc of State policy over matters
exclusively affecting the people of each State,
it has frequently been thought expedient to dis-
criminate between the two races. By the stat-
utes of some of the States, northern as well as
southern, it is enacted, for instance, that no
white person shall intermarry with a negro or
mulatto. Chancellor Kent says, speaking of
the blacks, that '' marriages between them and
the whites are forbidden in sorrffe of the States
where slavery does not exist, and.they are pro-
hibited in all the slavcholding States, and when
not absolutely contrary to law, they are revolt-
ing, and regarded as an offense against public
decorum."
1 do not say this bill repeals State laws 011
the subject of marriage between the two races,
for as the whites are forbidden to intermarry
with the blacks, the blacks can only make such
contracts as the whites themselves are allowed
to make, and therefore cannot, under this bill,
enter into the marriage contract with the whites.
I cite this discrimination, however, as an in-
stance of the State policy as to discrimination,
and to inquire whether, if Congress can abro-
gate all State laws of discrimination between
the two races in the matter of real estate, of
suits, and of contracts generally. Congress may
not, also repeal the State laws as to the contract
of marriage between the two races ? Hitherto
every subject embraced in the enumeration of
rights contained in this bill has been considered
as exclusively belonging to the States. They all
relate to the internal policy and economy of the
respective States. • They are matters which in
each State concern the domestic condition of
its people, varying in each according to its own
peculiar eircumstances, and the safety and well-
being of its own citizens. I do not mean to
say that upon all these subjects there are not
Federal restraints, as for instance, in the State '
power of legislation over contracts, there is a
Federal limitation that no State shaltpass a law
impairing the obligations of contracts; aiid as
to dimes, that 110 State shall pass an ex post
facto law ; and as to money, that no State shall
make anything but gold and silver a legal
tender. But where can we find a Federal pro-"
lnbition against the power of any State to dis-
criminate, as do most of them, between aliens
and citizens, between artificial persons called
corporations and natural persons, in the right
to hold real estate?
If it be granted that Congress can repeal all
State laws discriminating between whites and
blacks in the t ubjects covered by this bill, why,
it may be asked, may not Congress repeal in
the same way all State laws dibciiminating be-
tween the two races on the subjects of suffrage
andoffice? JfCongresseandeelarebylawwho
shall hold lands, who shall testify, who shall
have capacity to make a contract in a State,
then Congress can by law- also declare who.
without regard to color or race, shall have the
right to sit as a juror or as a judge, to hold any
office, and, finally, to vote " in every State and
Territory of the United States." As respects
the Territories, they come within the power of ;
Congress, for as to them, the law-making power j
is the Federal power; but as to the States 110 i
similar provisions exist, vesting in Congress
the power "to make rules and regulations'' ;
for them.
The object of the second section of the bill
is to afford discriminating protection to colored
persons in the full enjoyment of all the rights
secured to them by the preceding section." It
declares " that any person wlu\ under color
of any law, statute, ordinance, regulation, or
custom, shall subject, or cause to be subjected,
any inhabitant of any State or Territory to the
deprivation of any right secured or protected
by this act, or to different punishment, pains,
or penalties on account of such person having
at one time been held in a condition of slavery
or involuntary ser\itude. except as a punish-
ment of crime whereof the paity shall have
been duly convicted, or by reason of his color
or race, than is prescribed for the punishment
of white persons, shall be deemed guilty of a
misdemeanor, and, on conviction, shall be pun-
ished by fine not exceeding $1,000, or impris-
onment not exceeding one year, or both, in the
discretion of the court." Thi^ section seems
to be designed to apply to some existing or fu-
ture law of a State or Territory which may con-
flict with the provisions of the bill now under
consideration. It provides for counteracting
such forbidden legislation by imposing line and
imprisonment upon the legislators who may
pass such conflicting laws, or upon the officers
or agents who shall put, or attempt to put, them
into execution. It means an official offense,
not a common crime committed against law
upon the persons or property of the black race.
Such an act may deprive the black man of his
property, but not of the right to hold property,
it means a deprivation of the right itself, either
by the State judiciary or the State Legislature.
It is therefore assumed that under this section
members of State Legislatures who should vote
for laws conflicting with the provisions of the
bill: that judges of the State courts who should
render judgments in antagonism with its terms:
and that marshals and sheriffs who should, as
ministerial officers, execute processes, sanc-
tioned by State laws and issued by State judges,
in execution of their judgments, could be
brought before other tribunals and there sub-
jected to fine and imprisonment for the per-
formance of the duties which such State laws
might impose.
The legislation thus proposed invades the
judicial power of the State. It says to every
State court or judge, if you decide that this act
is unconstitutional, If you refuse, under the
prohibition of a State law, to allow a negro to
testify, if you hold that over such a subject-
matter the State lav/ is paramount, and " under
color" of a State law refuse the exercise of the
right to the negro, your error of judgment,
however conscientious, shall subject yon to fine
and imprisonment. I do not apprehend that
the conflicting legislation which the bill seems
to contemplate is so likely to occur as to render
it necessary at this time 10 adopt a measure of
such doubtful constitutionality.
In the next place, this provision of the bill
seems to be unnecessary, as adequate judicial
remedies could be adopted to secure the de-
sired end without invading the immunities of
legislators, always important to be preserved
in the interest of public liberty ; without assail-
ing the independence of the judiciary, always
essential to the preservation of individual rights;
and without impairing the efficiency of minis-
terial officers, always necessary for the main-
tenance of public peace and order. The remedy '
proposed by this section seems to be, in this
respect, not only anomalous, but unconstitu-
tional ; for the Constitution guaranties nothing
with certainty, if it does not insure to the sev-
eral States the right of making and executing
laws in regard to all matters aiising within their
jurisdiction, subject only to the restriction that
111 eases ot conflict with the Constitution and
constitutional laws of the United States the
latter should be held to be the supreme law of
the land.
The third section gives the district courts
of the United States exclusive " cognizance of
all crimes and offenses committed against the
provisions of this act." and concurrent juris-
diction with the circuit courts of the United
States of all civil and criminal cases "affect-
ing persons who are denied or cannot enforce
in the courts or judicial tribunals of the State
or locality where they may be any of the rights
secured to them by the first section.'' The con-
