,704
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
dered President out of sight. .Cover up the graves
of Andersonville, with all their horrid secrets,
and then—then celebrate these unholy nuptials
—if you can. Let it not be said, at all events, to
your discredit, that "the funeral-baked meats
have coldly furnished forth the marriage table.''
Open no hall of Valhalla, where the returning
braves of the South shall quaff their foaming
ale, and pledge you from the grinning skulls of
your own dead and forgotten heroes.
But there is another consideration that gives
us the right, and makes it an imperative neces-
sity, for our own protection, to insist that the
negro shall be allowed to share the rights of
citizenship in their highest sense, and that is
the fact that the conversion of tlie chattel into a
freeman will greatly enlarge the representation
of those States, and bring into Congi ess some
thirty votes on the basis of this peculiar popu-
lation, while the loyal States must suffer from
the increase. If they come, it must be in a rep-
resentative capacity of course. Cut whose rep-
resentatives will they be, if the whole class in
whose names they come, and for whom they
profess to speak, is to have no voice in their
election? To call them representatives of any
other than the ruling class would be a gross
abuse of language. The benefit of your act of
emancipation then is to inure to the master who
has endeavored to break up your Government,
while the black man still holds substantially the
relation of a slave, and is only used to count
for the benefit of his oppressors! And whom
will they send to manage the affairs of the Union
,in the name of the slave? Will it be the man
whom he would select himself? Will it be an
advocate of his interests? Will it be those who
will provide for the payment of the debt of the
war, or the pensions pledged to the families of
the brave soldiers whose very bones will be
spurned aside with contumely by the rebel
plowman? What is our experience thus far?
Among the first men sent here from Louisiana
was a signer of the secession ordinance, and all
three gravitated at once, as by a natural law,
into the ranks of the party that opposed the
war. The first offering from Arkansas to the
other end of the Capitol was a graduate of the
same school. Cut will the holders of our public
debt—will our brave volunteers agree to this?
No! Ask the men here, however, who sym-
pathized with the rebellion throughout, and
denounced the war and the debt made by it as
alike unlawful, and though professing to be Dem-
ocrats, they will answer with one voice that this
representation by proxy is right and proper,
although they do not even admit the negro to
be a citizen, and hardly confess him to be a
man. While he continued a slave there was
nothing unreasonable in the agreement that the
master should speak for him, if ho was to be
heard at all, because he could have no will of
his own. it was at all events the bargain, and
we stood bj' it. That slave is now, however, a
freeman, lie has a will of his own, and the man
who owned him no longer represents it, but the
contrary. Looking to his present relations to
thelateslave,hisassumptionof the right to speak
for him is a double outrage on the black man.
It is not only to deny .him a representative, but
to give that office to his enemy. It is in efl'ect
to reenslave him.
If the white man of the South is of the opin-
ion that the negro is not fit to vote at home, he !
decides at the same time that lie is not worthy j
to be represented here : and in claiming that I
right, asks for himself a power in the Govern- i
ment that will make one unrepentant traitor j
the equal, in many instances, of two or three -
loyal northern men. He admits the injustice, j
too,^ while he preserves his consistency, by re- <
jecting the negro himself in the interior appor- '
tionment of some of his own States. But is it
just to the loyal States that he should exercise
this power in the Federal Government? Will j|
they consent to_ this inequality, now that the i;
remedy is in their own hands? Are these poo- !
pie to be rated in their condition of subjugation '
at their own estimate before putting their armor (
on, as having vindicated their claim to be con- ]
sidered the master race, and so outweigh twice I
or thrice their number of northern mudsills ?
Speaking for myself, I do not choose to have
my delegated powers as the Representative of
one hundred and thirty thousand northern free-
men neutralized by a representative "tof this
sort, whether he come here by the conge W Aire.
of a military commander, or is puffed in this
direction by the arrogant breath of a feeble but
aristocratic constituency. If the white men of
the South will insist that the negro, shall have
no political rights in the States, while he is to
appear here to claim a recognition at our hands
only to add to the power of the oligarchy in
this Government, then I would insist that he
shall appear here 'either in person, or by his
attorney, or curator, or next friend, and not by
a guardian or trustee under the appointment
of his quondam master, which would be the
sublimest of farces. 11' they are not content
with this, then I would say to them, wait until
by a constitutional amendment we can offer
you thu fairer basis of suffrage, which will en-
able you to swell your numbers as soon as you
shall be prepared to do justice to the black
man.
It is insisted, however, and most especially by
those who profit most by the laws of naturali-
zation, and the principle of universal suffrage,
of which they have therefore been the unvary-
ing champions, that the negro is ignorant, and
must be educated before he can be allowed to
enjoy the privileges necessary for his own pro-
tection asa citizen—whi ellis to say, in effect, that,
ignorance disqualifies for freedom, and ought
to make a man a slave. It may be a question
whether it were not well if that had been made
a condition with all men. But why demand
that of the indigenous black man who has been
reared under our institutions, and has peihaps
shouldered his musket in their defense, which
is not asked of the foreigner whose vote and
sympathies have been against us? Is he in-
ferior in these respects to the Celtic Irishman
who holds the destinies of your great metropolis
in his hands ? His instincts at all events—sup-
posing them to be his highest faculty—have
taught him to take the side of liberty when the
savage who burned him was exerting himself in
the interests of the governing classes of Europe,
from whose oppressions he had sought an asy-
lum here, to overthrow the very Government
which had so generously opened its arms to re-
ceive him, and lifted him from the dust into the
privileges of a citizen. I would take that in-
stinct, and use it as a counterpoise against the
crude, uninstructed element that comes to us
from abroad. I do not fear that it will fall under
the influence of the aristocratic class any more
than it did during the war. The negro will be
sure to look with jealousy and suspicion upon
the task-master from whoso arms he has been
torn, and who will still continue to regard him
as his right till property. That aristocracy, more-
over, landless as it is soon destined to be, under
another and a better social system, is sure to
be swallowed up ere long by the upheaval of
the lower stratum, when labor, now become
respectable, shall assert its rightful suprem-
acy, and the strong sinews of toil shall reclaim
their lost inheritance by seizing upon the soil.
But who are they that make this objection ?
Only the master himself and his northern
friends. If they think so, however, why do
they object? What harm can come to the lords
from the maintenance of the patriarchal rela-
tion, bv turning it into a bond of kinship and
good offices that will rival the constitution of
the Highland clan? Cut they do not think so.
They affirmed with equal confidence that the
negro would cleave to his master, and fight for
him, if he would fight at all; but it turned out
to be a mistake, as every man of common sense
knew very well it would. If the power of the
master had been equal to that of the northern
demagogue, he might possibly have taken sides
against the Government with the same una-
nimity as the imported Caucasian who was led
as an ox to the shambles, and made, like a blind I
Samson, to lay his hands upon the pillars of j
our Constitution in that dark hour when all the j
powers of earth and hell seemed leagued together '
for its destruction. Thenegro has already solved
that question in away that shames even the poor
white man of the South, who is indeed obnox-
ious to this imputation, and from whose exam-
ple it might have been plausibly inferred, but
for the experience of this war, that he would
have yielded to the same influences. But what
authority is there for the assertion that the
black man is more ignorant than the poor
whites of the South who delight in_ shooting,
or the imported patriots of the North who
gratify their equally savage tastes by burning
him? Look at the revelations of the census
and see what they declarc. I venture to say
that, considering the difference of condition and
opportunity; the black man is no way the in-
ferior. It is sufficient, however, that he has
proved intelligent enough to bo loyal, when his
highly educated master was not saved from trea-
son by his superior instruction. But who shall
say that this loyalty was the fruit of ignorance?
Not those, certainly, who prize the republican
State, and think that knowledge is essential to
its preservation. Its chief advantage is, per-
haps, its felicitous adaptation to the general
standard of humanity in its extreme simplicity
of form, and the fact that it requires so little of
the learning of the schools to govern it. It
would have perished in the recent trial, if it had
been left to the wisdom of its statesmen. It
was the uneducated common sense, the reason-
ing instinct only, of its own people, that saved
it. God defend us from the statesmen and diplo-
matist whom this revolution has evolved !
But if the negro is ignorant, whose fault is
it, and what is the remedy? Has he not been
studiously denied the privilege which his white
and zealous Democraticrival has so largely neg-
lected, of learning even to read? And is the
slave-owner, who is responsible for this, to meet
us with the confession that ho has purposely
kept this man in darkness because he feared
that a spark might fall upon his intellect that
would kindle into flame and melt his chains,
and then convert his own inexpiable wrong into
an argument against his freedom, and ask us to
wait upon the education of the man who has
just shown that he is better fitted for its enjoy-
ment than himself? Thank Heaven! it does
not require an education in the schools to make
a man love liberty. The whole infernal system
of black laws is founded on the dread of human
instinct, and the fear that the natural struggles
of humanity, if aided even by such feeble lights
as might be accessible to him in his condition
of servitude, would result in making him a free-
man. They are themselves a pregnant confes-
sion that the slave is gifted with powers and
susceptibilities that might be awakened into
mischievous activity, and cultivated for tlio
highest duties of citizenship in a free State.
Whether the ignorance of the inferior class,
either imported from abroad or thus diligently
cultivated at home, ought to constitute a dis-
qualification, it is perhaps too late to inquire,
since the policy of the country, shaped and
fashioned by the Democratic party, has settled
it as a principle that the right of self-govern-
ment, cannot be justly made, to depend up'on
the education or intelligence of the voter. It
may be right for the twofold reason that the
love of liberty is heaven-born, and the right to
vote the best educator of the freeman. If gen-
tlemen on the other side have come now to
think differently, 1 have no objection to go back
and trust the suffrage only to those who can read
and write, and have been long enough among
us to understand our institutions—to shake
themselves loose from all foreign domination—■
to unlearn the Old World ideas in which they
have been reared—and to appreciate the free-
dom which we enjoy. I cannot consent, how-
ever, that one rule shall be applied to the
imported Celt and another to the home-bred
African. The light to freedom is not a ques-
tion of either race or color, but the common
inheritance of humanity. There are 110 aris-
tocracies in God's providence but that of under-
standing, which is not transmissible by descent,
and which is the appanage of no particular race
or class of men. 1 do not mean to say—for I
