378
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 28,
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
four, two clerks of class three, and two clerks
of class two; in the Bureau of Constructions
and Repairs, one clerk of class four, two clerks
of class three, two clerks of class two, and one
clerk of class one; in the Bureau of Steam
Navigation, one clerk of class three; in the
Bureau of Provisions and Clothing, one clerk
of class four, three clerks of class three, six
clerks of class two, and three clerks of class
one; in the Bureau of Medicine and Surgery,
one clerk of class four, and one clerk of class
three. And the amount necessary to pay the
increase of salaries herein provided for, for
the fiscal year ending the thirtieth of June,
eighteen hundred -and sixty-seven, is hereby
appropriated, out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the
provisions of the act approved April twenty-
nine, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, "in-
creasing the compensation of inspectors of
customs in certain ports," is hereby continued
in force.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That in
adjustingtheaccounts of Stewart Gwynn, under
and by authority of "An act making appropria-
tions for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing thirtieth June, eighteen hundred and sixty-
six," for printing-presses, machinery, material,
and labor furnished and supplied to the Treas-
ury Department, and for expenditures under
the authority of the Secretary, the proper ac-
counting officers of the Treasury are hereby
authorized to make said adjustment without
deducting for expenditures made by said De-
partment, or under authority thereof, upon said
presses and machinery for the purpose of im-
proving and repairing the same.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That the
sum of thirty-nine thousand two hundred and
seventy-six dollars and fifty cents be, and the
same is hereby, appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated to
purchase Indian annuity goods for the Indians
parties to the treaty of Fort Laramie and for
the Blackfoot nation, to replace those destroyed
by fire on the steamer Frank Bates, at Saint
Louis, April seventh, eighteen hundred and
sixty-six.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That in
cases in which moneys accruing to the United
States from "fines, penalties, and forfeitures,"
or other sources, have been erroneously re-
ceived and covered into the Treasury before the
payment of the proper informers' moieties or
other charges legally and justly charg[e]able
against the same, so much money as may be
necessary to pay said claims, admitted and cer-
tified in due course of settlement, is hereby
appropriated out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated.
Approved, July 23, 1866.
Chap. CCIX.—An Act to amend the fifth Sec-
tion of an Act entitled "An Act donating
Public Lands to the several States and Ter-
ritories which may provide Colleges for the
Benefit of Agriculture and the Mechanic
Arts," approved July 2, 1862, so as to ex-
tend the Time within which the Provisions
of said Act shall be accepted and such Col-
leges established.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the time in which the
several States may comply with the provisions
of the act of July two, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two, entitled "An act donating public
lands to the several States and Territories which
may provide colleges for the benefit of agricult-
ure and the mechanic arts," is hereby extended
sothat the acceptance of the benefits of the
said act may be expressed within three years
from the passage of this act, and the colleges
required by the said act maybe provided within
five years from the date of the filing of such
acceptance with the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office: Provided, That when any
Territory shall become a State and be admitted
into the Union, such new State shall be entitled
to the benefits of the said act of July two,
eighteen hundred and sixty-two, by expressing
the acceptance therein required within three
years from the date of its admission into the
Union, and providing the college or colleges
within five years after such acceptance, as pre-
scribed in thisact: Provided further, That any
State which has heretofore expressed its ac-
ceptance of the act herein referred to shall have
the period of five years within which to provide
at least one college, as described in the fourth
section of said act, after the time for providing
said college, according to the act of July sec-
ond, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, shall have,
expired.
Approved, July 23, I860.
Chap. CCX.—An Act to fix the Number of
Judges of the Supreme Court of the United
States, and to change certain Judicial Cir-
cuits.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That no vacancy in the
office of associate justice of the Supreme Court
shall be filled by appointment until the num-
ber of associate justices shall be reduced to
six; and thereafter the said Supreme Court
shall consist of a Chief Justice of the United
States and six associate justices, any four of
whom shall be a quorum; and the said court
shall hold one term annually at the seat of
Government, and such adjourned or special
terms as it may find necessary for the dispatch
of business.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
first and second circuits shall remain as now
constituted; that the districts of Pennsylvania,
New Jersey, and Delaware shall constitute the
third circuit; that the districts of Maryland,
West Virginia, Virginia, North Carolina, and
South Carolina shall constitute the fourth cir-
cuit ; that the districts of Georgia, Florida,
Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, and Texas
shall constitute the fifth circuit; that the dis-
tricts of Ohio, Michigan, Kentucky, and Ten-
nessee shall constitute the sixth circuit; that
the districts of Indiana, Illinois, and Wiscon-
sin shall constitute the seventh circuit; that
the districts of Minnesota, Iowa, Missouri,
Kansas, and Arkansas shall constitute the
eighth circuit; and the districts of California,
Oregon, and Nevada shall constitute the ninth
circuit.
Approved, July 23, 1866.
Ciiap. CCXI.—An Act to quiet the Title to
certain Lands within the corporate Limits
of the City of Benicia and the Town of Santa
Cruz in the State of California.
Be it enacted bythe Senate and Houseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That all the right and title
of the United States to the land situated within
the corporate limits of the city of Benicia, in
the county of Solano, State of California, as
defined in the act incorporating said city,
passed bythe Legislature of the State of Cali-
fornia, April twenty-four, eighteen hundred
and fifty-one, be, and the same are hereby,
relinquished and granted to the said city and
its successors, upon trust, however, that so
much of said lands as is in the bona fide occu-
pancy of parties upon the passage of this act,
by themselves or tenants, shall be conveyed
by said city to such parties: Provided, how-
ever, That the relinquishment and grant by
this act shall not extend to any lands v.-ithin
said corporate limits occupied as a military
depot of the United States, or heretofore re-
served by the United States for public pur-
poses; nor shall they interfere with or preju-
dice any valid adverse right or claim, if such
exist, to said land or any part thereof, or pre-
clude a judicial examination and adjustment
thereof.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That all
the right and title of the United States to the
land within the corporate limits of the town
of Santa Cruz in the State of California, as
defined in the act of the Legislature of that
State incorporating said town, be, and the
same are hereby, relinquished and granted to
the corporate authorities of said town and their
successors, in trust for and with authority to
convey so much of said lands as are in the
bona fide occupancy of parties upon the pas-
sage of this act by themselves or tenants, to
such parties : Provided, That this grant shall
not extend to any reservation of the United
States, nor prejudice any valid adverse right
or claim, if such exist, to said land or any part
thereof, nor preclude a judicial examination
and adjustment thereof.
Approved, July 23, 1866.
Chap. CCXII.—-An Act for a Grant of Lands
to the State of Kansas to aid in the Con-
struction of the Northern Kansas Railroad
and Telegraph.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Houseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there is h ereby granted
to the State of Kansas, for the use and benefit
of the Saint Joseph and Denver City Railroad
Company, the same being a corporation organ-
ized under the laws of the State of Kansas, to
construct and operate arailroad from Elwood, in
Kansas, westwardly, via Maryville, in the same
State, so as to effect a junction with the Union
Pacific railroad, or any branch thereof not fur-
ther west than the one hundredth meridian of
west longitude, every alternate section of land
designated by odd numbers, for ten sections in
width on each side of said road, to the point
of intersection. But in case it shall appear
that the United States have, when the line or
route of said road is definitely fixed, sold any
section or any part thereof, granted as afore-
said, or that the right of preemption or home-
stead settlement has attached to the same, or
that the same has been reserved bythe United
States for any purpose whatever, then it shall
be the duty of the Secretary of the Interior to
cause to be selected for the purposes aforesaid,
from the public lands of the United States near-
est to tiers of sections above specified, so much
land, in alternate sections or parts of sections
designated by odd numbers, as shall be equal
to such lands as the United States have sold,
reserved, or otherwise appropriated, orto which -
the rights of preemption or homestead settle-
ments have attached as aforesaid; which lands,
thus indicated by odd numbers, and selected
by direction of the Secretary of the Interior as
aforesaid, shall be held bythe State of Kansas
for the use and purpose aforesaid : Provided,
That the land to be so selected shall in no case
be located further than twenty miles from the
line of said road : Provided further, That the
lands hereby granted for and on account of
said road shall be exclusively applied in the
construction of the same, and forno otherpur-
pose whatever, and shall be disposed of only
as in this act hereinafter provided : Provided.,
also, That no part of the land granted by this
act shall be applied to aid in the construction
of any railroad or part thereof for the con-
struction of which any previous grant of land
or bonds has been made by Congress: And
provided further, That any and all lands here-
tofore reserved to the United States by any act
of Congress, or in any other manner by com-
pent authority, for the purpose of aiding in
any objcct of internal improvement, or for any
otherpurpose whatsoever, be, and the same are
hereby, reserved to the United States from the
operations of this act, except so far as may be
found necessary to locate the route of said road
through said lands ; in which case the right of
way for one hundred feet on each side of said
