1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1-850
struction which Jlfave given to the second sec-
tion is strengthened by this third section, for it
makes clear.stfhat kind of denial or deprivation
of the rigijfe secured by the first section was in
contemplation. It is a denial or deprivation
of such rights "in the courts or judicial tribu-
nals of the State." It stands, therefore, clear
of doubt that the offense and the penalties pro-
vided in the second section are intended for the
State judge, who, in the clear exercise of his
functions as a judge, not acting ministerially,
but judicially, shall decide contrary to this Fed-
eral law. In other words, when a State judge,
acting upon a question involving a conflict be-
tween a State law and a Federal law, and bound,
according to his own judgment and responsi-
bility. to give an impartial decision between
the two, comes to the conclusion that the State
law is valid and the Federal law is invalid, he
must not follow the dictates of his own judg-
ment at the peril of fine and imprisonment.
The legislative department of the Government
of the United States thus takes from the judicial
department of the States the sacred and exclu-
sive duty of judicial decision, and converts the
State judge into a mere ministerial officer,
bound to decide according to the will of Con-
gress.
It is clear that in States which deny to per-
sons whose rights are secured by the first .sec-
tion of the bill any one of those rights, all
criminal and civil cases affecting them, will,
by the provisions of the third section, come
under the exclusive cognizance of the Federal
tribunals. It follows that if, in an}7 State which
denies to a colored person any one of all those
rights, that person should commit a crime
against the laws of the State, murder, arson,
rape, or any other crime, all protection and
punishment through the courts of the State are
taken away, and he can only he tried ana pun-
ished in the Federal courts. How is the crim-
inal to be tried? If the offense is provided for
and punished by Federal law, that law, and not
the State law, is to govern.
It is only when the offense does not happen
to be within the purview of the Federal law
that the Federal courts are to try and punish
him under any other law. Then resort is to be
had to "the common law, as modified and
changed'' by State legislation, "so far as the
same is not inconsistent with the Constitution
and laws of the United States." _ So that over'
this vast domain of criminal jurisprudence,,
provided by each State for the protection of
its own citizens, and for the punishment of all
persons who violate its criminal laws, Federal
law, wherever it can be made to apply, dis-
places Stale lair.
The question here naturally arises, from what
source Congress derives the power to transfer
to Federal tribunals certain classes of cases
embraced in this section Z The Constitution
expressly declares that the judicial power of
the United States " shall extend to all cases in_
law and equity arising under this Constitution,
the laws of the UnitedStates. and treaties made,
or which shall be made, under their authority j
to all cases affecting embassadors, other public
ministers, and consuls ; to all cases Oi admiialty
and maritime jurisdiction: to controversies to
which the United States shall boa party, to
controversies between two or more States, be-
tween a State and citizens of another State,
between citizens of different States, between
citizens of the same State claiming land under
erants of different States, aud between a State,
or the citizens thereof, and foreign States, citi-
zens. or subjects."
Ifere the judicial power of the United States
is expressly set forth and defined ; and the act
of September 24, 1789, establishing the judi-
cial courts of the United States, in confemng
ui)on the Federal courts jurisdiction over cases
originating in State tribunals, is careful to con-
fine them5 to the classes enumerated in the
above recited clause of the Constitution. J Ins
section of the bill undoubtedly comprehends
case and authorizes the exercise of powers
that are not, by the Constitution, within the
jurisdiction of the.courts of the United States.
To transfer them to those courts would be an
exercise of authority well calculated to excite
distrust and alarm on the part of all the States;
for the bill applies alike to all of them—as
well to those that have as to those that have
not been engaged in rebellion.
It maybe assumed that this authority is inci-
dent to the power granted to Congress by the
Constitution, as recently amended, to enforce,
by appropriate legislation, the article declar-
ing that "neither slavery nor involuntary servi-
tude, except as apunishmentforcrime, whereof
the party shall have been duly convicted, shall
exist within the United States, or any place
subject to their jurisdiction.'' It cannot, how-
ever, be justly claimed that, with a view to_ the
enforcement of this article of th Constitution,
there is at present any necessity for the exer-
cise of all the powers which this bill confers.
Slavery has been abolished, and at present
nowhere exists within the jurisdiction of the
United States; nor has there been, nor is it
likely there will be any attempt to revive it, by
the people of the States. If, however, any such
attempt shall be made, it will then become the
duty of the General Government to exercise
any and all incidental powers necessary and
proper to maintain inviolate this great consti-
tutional law of freedom.
The fourth section of the bill provides that
officers and agents of the Freedmen's Bureau
shall be empowered to make arrests, and also
that other officers may be specially commis-
sioned for that purpose by the President of
the United States. It also authorizes circuit
courts of the United States and the superior
courts of the Territories to appoint, without
limitation, commissioners, who are _ to^ he
charged with the performance of quasi judicial
duties. The fifth section empowers the com-
missioners so to be selected by the courts to
appoint in writing, under their hands, one or
more suitable persons, from time,to time, to
execute warrants and other processes described
by the bill. These numerous official agents are"
made to constitute a sort of police, in addition
to the military, and are authorized to summon
a posse comitatus, aud even to call to their aid
such portion of the land and naval forces of
the United States, or of the militia, "as may
be necessary to the performance of the duty
with which they are charged.'' *
This extraordinary power is to be conferred
upon agents irresponsible to the Government
and to the people, to whose number the dis-
cretion of the commissioners is the only limit,
and in whose hands such authority might bo
made a terrible engine of wrong, oppression,
and fraud. The general statutes regulating the
land and naval forces of the United States, the
militia, and the execution of the laws, are be-
lieved to be adequate for every emergency which
can occur in time of peace. Tf it should prove
otherwise, Congress can at any time amend
those laws in such manner as, while subserving
the public welfare, not to jeopard the rights,
interests, and liberties of the people.
The seventh section provides that a fee of
ten dollars shall be paid to each commissioner
in every case brought before him, and a fee of
five dollars to his deputy, or deputies, "for
each person he or they may arrest and take
before any such commissioner," "with such
other fees as may be deemed reasonable by
such commissioner," "in general for perform-
ing such other duties as maybe required in the
premises." All these fees arc to be '^paid out
of the Treasury of the United Stated,'' whether
there is a conviction or not; but in case of con-
viction they arc to be lecoverable from the de-
fendant. it seems to me that under the influ-
ence of such temptations bad men might convert
any law, however benclieent, into an instru-
ment of persecution and fraud.
Bv the eighth section of the bill, the United
States courts, which sit only in one place for
white citizens, must migrate, with the marshal
and district attorney, (and necessarily with the
clerk, although he "is not mentioned,) to any
part of the district, upon the order of the Pres-
ident. and there hold a court " for the purpose
of the more speedy arrest and trial of persons
charged with a violation of this act;" and there
the judge and the officers of the court must
remain, upon the order of the President, '"for
the time therein designated^'
The ninth section authorizes the President,
or such person as he may empower for that
purpose, " to employ such part of the land and
naval forces of the United States, or of the
militia, as shall be necessary to prevent the vio-
lation and enforce the duo execution of this
act." This language seerAs to imply a perma-
nent military force, that is to be always at hand,
and whose only business is to be the enforce-
ment of this measure overtlie vast region where
it is intended to operate.
-I do not propose to consider the policy of
this bill. To me the details of the bill seem
fraught with evil. The white race and the
black race of the South have hitherto lived
together under the relation of master and slave
—capital owning labor. Inow, suddenly, that
relation is changed, and as to the ownership,
capital and labor are divorced. They stand
now each master of itself. In this new rela-
tion. one being necessary to the other, there
will be a new adjustment, which both are deeply
interested in making harmonious. Each has
equal power in settling the terms, and if left to
the laws that regulate capital and labor, it is
confidently believed that they will satisfactorily
work out the problem. Capital, it is true, lias
more intelligence; but labor is never so igno-
rant as not to understand its own interests, not
to know its own value, and not to see that cap-
ital must, pay that value. This bill frustrates
this adjustment. It intervenes between capi-
tal and labor, and attempts to settle questions
of political economy through the _ agency of
numerous officials, whose interest it will be to
foment discord between the two races: lor as
the breach widens their employment will con-
tinue, and when it is closed their occupation
will terminate.
In all our history, in all our experience as a
people living under Federal and State law, no
such system as that contemplated by the de-
tails of this bill has ever before been proposed
or adopted. They establish, for the security '
of the colored race, safeguards which go infi-
nitely beyond any that the General Government
has'ever provided for the white race. In fact,
the distinction ot race and color is, by the bill,
made to operate in favor of the colored and
■against the white race. They interfere with
the municipallegislation of the States, with the
relations existing exclusively between a State
and its citizens, or between inhabitants of the
same State—an absorption and assumption of
power by the General Government which, if
acquiesced in. must sap and destroy our fed-
erative system of limited powers, and break
down the" barriers which preserve the rights of
the States. It is another slop, or rather stride,
toward centralization and the concentration of
all legislative power in the national Govern-
ment. The tendency of the bill m'ust be to
resuscitate the spirit of rebellion, and to arrest
the progress of those influences which are more
closely drawing around the States the bonds of
union and pcace.
My lamented predecessor, m his proclama-
tion of the 1st of January, 180:!, ordered and
declared that all poisons iicld as slaves within
certain Stales and parts of States therein desig-
nated. were aud thenceforward should be frcer
and, further, that the Executive Government
of the United States, including the military and
naval authorities thereof, would recognize and
maintain the freedom of such persons. This
guarantee has been rendered especially oblig-
atory andsaered by the amendment of the Con-
stitution abolishing slavery throughout the Uni-
ted States. I therefore fully recognize the
obligation to protect and defend that class of
our people whenever and wherever it shall be-
come necessarv, and to the full extent compat-
ible with the Constitution of the United States.
Entertaining these sentiments, it only re-
mains for me to say, that I will choerinlly eo-
onerate with Congress in any measure that may
