1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2819
prosecution of the Pacific railroad, which ends
on the other side of the river from Council
Bluffs, it may be desirable that such an office
should be established.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am very confident, if
this bill was prepared in the Treasury Depart-
ment, that it is necessary to make Council
Bluffs a port of delivery, because I know that
I have addressed that Department on these
subjects, and I find that they are very reluctant
to extend any privileges involving expense
unless there is an absolute necessity for it. So
far as.the city of Portland is concerned, there
are immense quantities of foreign goods brought
to that city. The trade of eastern Oregon, of
aportion of Washington Territory, and of Idaho
Territory, with British Columbia, is through
the city of Portland, and there is agreatneces-
sity for making that place a port of delivery.
It would be a great advantage to the persons
concerned in that trade. I do not wish "to have
that proposition which I introduced loaded
down with and defeated by a proposition of
this kind, about which gentlemen seem to have
question, when there can be no sort of question
as to the correctness of the proposition which
I submitted. But if it is deemed desirable the
bill can lie over until to-morrow. I am sure
that on inquiry it will be found, in the judgment
of the Treasury Department, that this measure
is necessary.
Mr. WILSON. Is this measure to go over?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No motion
to postpone it has been made.
Mr. POMEROY. I move to postpone the
present and all prior orders ana take up the
bill (S. No. 285) granting lands to the State of
Kansas to aid in the construction of the Kan-
sas and Neosho Valley railroad and its exten-
sion to Bed river. This is a bill which was
called up by the Senator from Missouri [Mr.
Henderson] the other day, but it then went
over. I think we have time to consider it this
morning during the morning hour.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am opposed to con-
sidering that bill at this time. There is only
half an hour left of the morning hour, and it
■will be discussed as a matter of course. What
I desire to say on the bill I should like to say
at the time we dispose of it. To make an ex-
amination of the bill this morning, and then let
it go over to another morning, and then to dis-
cuss it and have it postponed again, is no way
to have the discussion fully understood. I do
rot want very much of the time of the Senate
when I speak upon it, but I want what remarks
I make to be made at the time the vote is taken
by the Senate j it is impossible to do so this
morning.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the Senator from
Kansas will withdraw his motion and let us
finish the West Point bill we had up yesterday
morning. I think we can get through with it
in a few minutes.
Mr. POMEROY. Several efforts have been
made to get up the bill to which I call the at-
tention of the Senate. It is entirely with the
Senate to say whether (hey will consider it
now or at some other time. I know that all
the bills from the Committee on Public Lands
which have yet to pass the House of Repre-
sentatives will have a very poor show there
unless we pass them here before the Commit-
tee on Public Lands of that House is called
for reports. It has not yet been called ; and
that is the only point there is in reference to
this matter.
Mr. WILSON. I shall be much obliged to
the Senator if he will not call up that bill this
morning, but will allow me to have the West
Point bill taken up and disposed of.
Mr. POMEROY. _I would rather have a
vote upon the question. If the pleasure of
the Senate is to postpone the bill, I shall be
entirely satisfied.
Mr. WILSON. I move, then, to takeup 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
already a motion pending to postpone the pres-
ent and all prior orders and proceed to the
consideration of Senate bill No. 285. The
question is on that motion of the Senator from
Kansas.
The motion was not agreed to.
military academy appointments.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to postpone all
other matters and take up House joint resolu-
tion No. 134, relative to appointments to the
Military Academy of the United States.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion, the pending question being on the amend-
ment of Mr. Nesmith to add the following as
anew section:
And beit further resolved, That hereafter the Super-
intendent of the Military Academy may be selected
from any corps of the Army.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 19; as follows :
_YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Davis, Doolittle, Guth-
rie, Hendricks, Howard, Kirkwood, Lane of Indi-
ana, Lane of Kansas, Nesmith, Norton, Itamsey,
Sherman. Stewart, Trumbull, Wade, Williams, and
Yates—18.
NAYS —Messrs. Anthony, Clark, Conness, Cowan,
Cragin, Fessenden, Foster, Grimes, Harris, Hender-
son, Howe, Johnson, Morsan, Morrill, Pomeroy,
Sumner, Van Winkle, AVilley, and Wilson—19.
ABSENT — Messrs. Brown, Buckalew, Creswell,
Dixon, Edmunds, lIeDoui:all, Nye, Poland, Riddle,
Saulsbury, Sprague, and Wright—12.
So the amendment was rejected.
The amendment heretofore made was or-
dered to be engrossed and the joint resolution
to be read a third time. The joint resolution
was read the third time and passed.
adjournment to monday.
On motion of Mr. DOOLITTLB, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourn to-day, it
bo to meet on Monday next.
cairo and fulton railroad grant.
Mr. POMEROY. I move to take up Sen-
ate bill No. 223.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 223) to revive and
extend the provisions of an act granting the
right of way and making a grant of land to the
States of Arkansas and Missouri, to aid in the
construction of a railroad from a point upon
the Mississippi, opposite the mouth of the Ohio
river, via Little Iiock, to the Texas boundary,
near Fulton, in Arkansas, with branches to
FortSmith and the Mississippi river,,approved
February 9, 1853, and for other purposes.
It proposes to revive and extend the act
mentioned in its title, with all the provisions
therein made, for the term of ten years, and
all the lands therein granted, which reverted
to the United States under the provisions of
that act, are restored to the same custody, con-
trol, and condition, and marie subject to the
| uses and trusts in all respects as they were
before and at the time such reversion took
effect.
There is also hereby granted, added to, and
made part of the former donation of lands,
and to be held and disposed of in the same
manner as if included in the original grant,
all the alternate sections and parts of sections,
designated by odd numbers, lying along the
outer line of lands heretofore selected,_ and
within ten miles on each side thereof, except- |
ing lands reserved or otherwise appropriated j
by law, or to which the right of preemption !
has attached ; but. this additional quantity of j
lands when added to the lands heretofore j
granted is not to exceed, in the aggregate, suf- j
ficient to amount to ten sections for each mile i
of railroad.
All the lands mentioned in this act, and
granted by it, are to be reserved from entry, i
preemption, or appropriation to any other pur- j
pose than that contemplated, for the term of !
ten years from the passage of the act: but no j
person who has held any office or appointment |
under the government of the so-called con- !
federate States, or who has borne arms against
the United States, is to be a director in any
railroad company receiving the benefit of this ]
grant. j
The Committee on Public Lands reported j
the bill with amendments. The first amend- i
ment was in section two, line ten, after the
word "preemption" to insert "or homestead
settlement;" so that the clause will read:
Excepting lands referred or otherwise appropriated
by law, or to which the right of preemption or home-
stead settlement is attached.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add at the end
of section two the followiag proviso :
And provided farther, That said additional quan-
tity of lands shall be disposed of only as follows:
whenever proof shall bo furnished, satisfactory to
the Secretary of thelnterior, thattwenty consecutive
miles of said railroad have been constructed, in a
good, substantial, and workmanlike manner, thenall
of said additional lands lying along and opposite t-0
said completed portion may be sold, and so on unU*
the work is completed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section three,
line four, to strike out the word "from" and
to insert the word "for;'' and also to strike
out the following proviso at the end of the
section:
Provided, That no person who has held any ofSee
or appointment under the go vei nmcnt of the so-called
" confederate States," orwho has borne arms ajrainsfc
the United States, shall be a director in any railroad
company receiving the benefit of this grant.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Mis-
souri [Mr. Henderson] has an amendment
that I should like to have reported to this bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
is still open to amendment.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I should like to
have an opportunity of examining this bill and
three others affecting the same section of coun-
try, which are pending before the Senate, and
I %vill ask the chairman of the committee to let
this bill lie over for the present, and I will
agree with him at an early day to take them
all up.
Mr. POMEROY. My colleague may not be
aware that this is simply a revival of an old
grant.. In IS,"3 a grant of land was made to
the State of Arkansas for a railroad. That
grant lapsed in 1803, during the war. They
built a little portion of theroad. andabandoned
it during the war. The State of Arkansas
never had but one grant.. I thought, and the
committee thought,, that that grant ought to be
revived, so that the State may ultimately have
an opportunity, within the next ten years, of
building this road. This bill simply revives
and enlarges the grant to ten sections per mile—
the original grant was only six sections—and
extends the time within which to complete the
road for ten years.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
of the chairman of the committee reporting this
bill if any portion of the route is through t';<j
Indian country, or through lands belonging ±0
the Indians.
Mr. POMEROY. Not any portion of it, as
I understand.
Mr. TltUMBULL. Then I should like to
call his attention to the third section of the
bill, which provides—
That all thelands mentioned in this act, and hereby
granted, are reserved from entry, preemption, or ap-
propriation toanyotherpurposethanheicin contem-
plated, for thesaid termof ten years irom the passage
of this act.
I submit to the Senate whether it is proper
to tie up the public lands in that way. I am a
member of the Indian Committee at the pres-
ent session of Congress, and although not very
familiar with Indian affairs. I find that in the
making of treaties with the Indian tribes we are
very much embarrassed by tbe'e grants of lands
for railroad purposes. It is insisted that these
grants take the lands, notwithstanding they have
been reserved for the Indians, and that the
United States, by passing a law of this charac-
ter granting the public lands on each side of a
railroad, obligates itself to remove the Indians
so that the grant maytake effect through their
countrv. Wo shall have to appropriate several
hundred thousand and probably millions of dol-
lars at this session of Congress in consequence
of railroad grants through Indian country.
Mi\ POMEROY. There is no Indian country
here.
