1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
am no fanatic—(hat the negro race is, upon the j
whole. the equal of the white one in this par- l
ticular. any more than f would "affirm that any :
one white race is equal to any other, or that all';
the white races are equally lilted tor the task of j
self-government. That is a proposition which >
no man can confidently aflirm. in view of the j
past history and present condition of the world, !
but yet it involves 110.question as to the nat- |
iiral aspirations, which are only inspirations, of i
man for freedom or his right to its enjoyment. |
it L am to choose, however, between these two !
elements, I would take the black man, upon i
the evidence of the last few years, and reject |
the equally ignorant white, who is so debauched i
as even to love slavery—who allows his very |
instincts to be smothered—and who submits his |
conscience and his imderstandingto a direction
ivhose dominion icsts upon the same profound
and sagacious policy that has locked up the
treasures of knowledge from the black man.
Everybody must have been struck with the
marvelous unanimity with which both these ele-
ments arranged themselves, though on opposite
sides, in the late contest. When men begin to
reason for themselves they are almost sure to
differ. ''Instinct," says Mr. Burke, "when
under the guidance of reason is always "right.
If it was instinct, however, that led the black
man in the one direction, it was something other
than reason that herded his jealous rivals into
one solid mass in the other.
But it has been objected in some quarters,
that if the negro is endowed with the power of
the ballot, he will, under the guidance of the
same instinct, combine with his fellows to seize
the governments of the rebel States into his
own hands. This argument is the very oppo-
site of the one which 1 have just examined, and
while the other has only been invented as an
apology for refusing the ballot by tho-e who
had no fears of the master's influence, has not
perhaps been without its weight upon both the
northern and the southern mind. Nobody can
doubt that in this latitude at least there is a.
moibid apprehension of what is called negro
equality, but really means negro superiority;
and it is perhaps not unnatural that new that
the negro has shown that he will fight, the men
who flinched from that ordeal in thehourof our
danger, or even those who have been driven
like" cattle into the armies of the oligarchy,
should dread tho comparison, and feel that
there was nothing now lint the denial ol tho
ballot to prevent the black man from averting
his natural superiority over themselves. Thi.s
apprehension supposes, however, a power ol
combination and forecast without eicn the
siimnlus of oppression on his part, which is
anything but consistent, with the idea so studi-
ously inculcated of his incorrigible inferiority,
and'surrenders all that has been affirmed by
philosophers and divines in regard to his nor-
mal condition, while it admits that even the.
higher culture of tho white man would give him
no advantage in the contest. But in the lew
cases where the blacks are in a majority the
difference in numbers is small. If_ it cannot
be overcome by the superior training of the
■white man, then the ability of the negro and
his consequent title to command, are established
by the highest possible test. But in a quarrel
of races what is to become of the mulatto''
If the least perceptible infusion of negro blood,
the verv faintest suspicion of a twist in the hair,
is sufficient to authorize us to deprive our un-
fortunate hybrid cousin of all participation in
tlio Government, what assurance is there thai
the Caucasian flush will not prove equally fatal
on the other side? History teaches its that this
distinction is as likely to prevail as the other.
But surely the chivalrv. which has held in sub-
ordination by its superior address the turbulent
but submissive Democracy ol the North, would
not shrink from the encounter in the same held
with the despised and degraded Ab'ican. Bui
the idea of such a combination, as tin; result
only of the most generous treatment, is the most
extraordinary of paradoxes, if ii does not de-
serve to b" characterized as the wildest of chi-
meras. The people of the South will divide,
as before, upon the policy of the Government,
and struggle, as before, for the possession of its
offices. Both sides, of course, will seek to pro-
pitiate the black man because he has become a
power in the State,and that one which will secure
his confidence, and go farthest in its professions
of regard for his interests, will be sure to secure
the majority of his votes. If he be a child, as
he perhaps in some sense truly is, he will be
won by kindness, and ask nothing more than
freedom of locomotion, protection to his per-
son, and the means of enjoying, without mo-
lestation, the rewards of his own labor. Make
it the interest of his late master to cultivate
him. Give him a vote, and the "poor white
trash'' who despised him because he was a
slave,-will lespect him because he is a sover-
eign. If it is necessaiyto educate him,because
he is ignorant, give him an interest in the Gov-
ernment. It is (he only school for the adult,
and perhaps the best for all ages. The ripest
thinkers of tho times are agreed that it is a nur-
sery of instruction that, develops the man with
wonderful rapidity, and it is this compensatory
power that has perhaps served more than any-
thing else to neutralize the evils of the prevail-
ing system. To insist on a preliminary educa-
tion is to begin at the wrong end. Leave him
for instruction in the hands of his old master,
and you offer apremium for the continuance of
the old system, which kept him in ignorance of
his rights and of his power. Knowledge will
make him more formidable than ever. So long
as he is kept under the State, and feels that he
is no part of it, he is sure never to rise by this
process. 'The men who control the Govern-
ment will have the same interest in keeping him
down as heretofore, reenforeed as it will be by
phantoms of terror that will haunt their pil-
lows, along with the new feeling of 1 csentmcnt
and jealousy "which their compulsory enfran-
chisement has engendered. Cherish not the
delusion that any good behavior on his part
will ever secure for him an admission to the
rights of citizen'hip. it is now or never. There
is no ease, 1 think, in histoiy.whereapriviloged
class has over surrendered its prerogatives to
those that wore beneath it. Indulge not the
hope that yen will ever make of him a contented
subject. It is as impossible with a people so
numerous to maintain an intermediate grade
between the slave and citizen, as it is to estab-
lish an intermediate variety in nature, or an
intermcdiaio condition here between the State
and Territoiy. The black man knows that he
is free. 1 f he asserts his right to meet his fel-
lows in council for purposes which touch the
interests of bis race, either in this wo'dd or the
next, the rumors ol insuirection will load the
atmosphere. Tho white man will restrain his
libertvby biting statiurs and relentless cruelty.
The black man will rebc 1, and ihe result will be
a chronic war, which v. i 11 repel the emigrant,
and end in the extermination of the weaker
race. The groundless panic that pervaded the
South so recently foreshadows the evil that is to
come. Has the kindred policy of the British
Government toward the Celtic Irishman suc-
ceeded in conciliating his affection for the Kng-
lish race or nation? If those who favor it here
had taken ihe trouble to look info the causes of
that etodus that is unpeopling his ancienthome.
and flooding our shores with its living t.ides, they
would have discovered that there was some-
thing more than a war of races to explain the
undying hatred with which the lri-di exile looks
upon the Saxon Englishman, and they would
have found its solution in the very policy which
it is now proposed to inaugurate in order to pre-
vent a war of races in the South. It is unneces-
sary, however, to go so far. The recent bloody
disturbances in the island of Jamaica are but a
j tvpe of the social horrors which a mistaken
: deference to its prejudices is preparing for that
! deluded people.
i But it is objecfr-d by the Prer-ident that this
| is a question for the Stat's uinler the Consti-
i tution, and that the concession of the elective
, franchise bv himself to the freedmen ol the
; South must have been extended to all colored
i men wherever found, and so must have estab-
lished a change of suffrage in the North as well
as in the South, and would have been an as-
sumption of power which nothing in the Con-
stitution or laws of the United States would
have warranted.
'j his argumentassumes,in thefirstplace, that
the defaulting States are already in tne Union,
free from the penalties of crime, and with all
their rights and privileges as intact as those of
their loyal sisters. If this be true, it is not to
be questioned that the right of fixing the quali-
fications of their own voters has been left, sub
mndo. with themselves. But how then, it will be
naturally asked, did the President himself ac-
quire the power of defining the qualifications
i of the voters in the first instance? Ifhecotild
do this—if ho could either abridge or enlarge the
privilege--and ho could as'well do one as the
other—so, cl mullo fortiori, could tho law-mak-
ing power of this Government, in which the
sovereignty re,sides. If he could do either, he
might as well have conferred the privilege on
the black man as on anybody else. But then
he objects that this must have extended it to all
the loyal States as well as those that have re-
belled, which is an assertion that his jurisdiction
has attached, by virtue of the rebellion of the
delinquents, to the States that are without sin.
1 am constrained to say that this is an argument
which I have not been able to comprehend.
Taking it, however, to be true, as claimed, it
must have equally followed from his summary
disfranchisement of the voters, whether loyal
or disloyal, who might decline to take the oath
; to support all proclamations and laws having
j reference to the emancipation of the slave, that
we of the loyal States were all disfranchised,
( too, unless we submitted to the same conditions,
i Taking it, however, only in tho milder sense
! of a suggestion, not uncommon in the South,
I that (he loyal States which now deny the suf-
frage to tho black man, would be either expected
! —to save (heir own consistency—or might be
i compelled by Congress to conform to the same
I rule, there is a word more to be said in the way
| of answer. -
j Whether those States could bci regarded as
i strictly republican with such a limitation of tho
: elective franchise, if the necessities of the eoun-
| fry or the protection of a numerous class of
! citizens required the presentation of the ques-
j tion to the consideration of Congress, is more
than doubtful. The paucity of the blacks, how-
ever, in the northern Stales, where there_is no
disposition to oppress them, and their uniform
enjoyment, without molestation, of every social
and civil right, without the protection of the
political privilege of the ballot, lias made it a
question of no practical importance to the coun-
' trv, and led to no formal complaint, although
the overshadowing influence of the ■slave power
j has robbed them in many of the States of that
I privilege which the overthrow of slavery will
] sooner or later restore to them. Whether their
| inherent ricrlit as citizens to vote could be en-
I forced by an appeal to the judicial tribunals of
! the country, upon the footing of the constitu-
tional guarantee, is a question which I am not
> prepared to answer, and do not care to discuss.
! There is no issue now as to the loyal States to
T demand the consideration of Congress. There
II is none pending as to their admission here. It
j' is on 1 v the criminals that are at your bar, not
: asking pardon, but demanding lo be restored
to nower. They went out to found a slave era-
: pir'e. They still think that God and nature in-
: tended the'negro only for that condition. He
counts by millions in the rebel States. lie is
Ii a freeman now. Hi? master is hi" enemy. He
• ' obviously intends to reenslave him it'he can.
!, He wants power to enable him to do it. The
negro wants protection, nndhas earned the right
li to it. if it was not his before. Wo want peace
j1 and security, if not indemnity for the past, and
j| wo are sure" that, they can be only secured by
ft making these governments republican. They
j; have placed themselves by th<dr own aet_in a
J condition in "which, by the confession of the
|j President himself, it becomes our duty to exe-
t i cute the guarantees of the Constitution, "hen
ll we shall have done this work it will be time
