1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
379
Laios of the United States.
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
road only shall be granted, subject to the ap-
proval of the President of the United States.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
sections and parts of sections of land which by
such grant shall remain to the United'States,
within ten miles on each side of said road, shall
not be sold for less than double the minimum
price of the public lands when sold; nor shall
any of said lands become subjecttosale at pri-
vate entry until the same shall have been first
offered at public sale to the highest bidder, at
or above the increased minimum price, as afore-
said: Provided, That actual andbonafide set-
tlers, under the provisions of the preemption
and homestead laws of the United States, may,
after due proof of settlement, improvement,
cultivation, and occupation, as now provided
by law, purchase the same, at the increased
minimum price aforesaid: And provided also,
That settlers on any of said reserved sections,
under the provisions of the homestead law,
who improve, occupy, and cultivate the same
for a period of five years, and comply with the
several conditions and requirements of said
act, shall be entitled to patents for an amount
not exceeding eighty acres each, anything in
this act to the contrary notwithstanding.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
grant of the lands hereby made is upon condi-
tion that said company, after the construction
of its road, shall keep it in repair and use, and
shall at all times be in readiness to transport
troops, munitions of war, supplies, and public
stores upon its roads for the Government when
required to do so by any Department thereof,
the Government at all times having the prefer-
ence in the use of the road for all the purposes
aforesaid at feir and reasonable rates of com-
pensation, not exceeding that paid by private
individuals or the average paid for like services
on other roads. And the lands hereby granted,
held, and reserved as aforesaid shall mure to
the benefit of said company, as follows: when
the Governor of the State of Kansas shall
certify that any section of ten consecutive
miles of said road is completed in a good, sub-
stantial, and workmanlike manner as a first-
class railroad, then the said Secretary of the
Interior shall issiieto the said company patents
for so many sections of the land hereinbefore
granted as lie opposite to and conterminous
with the said completed sections. And when
certificates of the Governor, aforesaid, shall be
presented to said Secretary, of the completion,
as aforesaid, of each successive section of ten
consecutive miles of said road, the said Secre-
tary shall in like manner issue to said company
patents for the said sections of said land as
aforesaid for each of said sections of road until
said road shall be completed: Provided, That
if said railroad company or its assigns shall
fail to complete at least one section of said
road each year from the date of its acceptance
of the grant provided for in this act, then its
right to the lands for said section so failing of
completion shall revert to the Government of
the United States: Provided further, That if
said road is not completed within ten years
from the date of the acceptance of the grant
hereinbefore made, the lands remaining un-
patented shall revert to the United States.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That as
soon as the said company shall file with the
Secretary of the Interior maps of its lines,
designating the route thereof, it shall be the
duty of the said Secretary to withdraw from
the market the lands granted by this act, in
such manner as maybe best calculated to effect
the purposes of this act and subserve the pub-
lic interest.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
United States mail shall be transported on said
road and its extension, under the direction of
the Post Office Department, at such price as
Congress may by law provide: Provided, That
until such price is fixed bylaw the Postmaster
General shall have power to fix the compensa-
tion.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the
right of way through the public lands be, and
the same is hereby, granted to said Saint Jo-
seph and Denver City Railroad Company, its
successors and assigns, for the construction of
a railroad as proposed; and the right is hereby
given to said corporation to take from the pub-
lic lands adjacent to the line of said road ma-
terial for the construction thereof. Said way
is granted to said railroad to the extent of one
hundred feet in width on each side of said road
where it may pass through the public domain;
also all necessary ground for station buildings,
workshops, depots, machine-shops, switches,
side-tracks, turn-tables, and water-stations.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the
acceptance of the terms, conditions, and im-
positions of this abt by the said Saint Joseph
and Denver City Railroad Company shall be
signified in writing, under the corporate seal
of the said company, duly executed pursuant
to the direction of its board of directors first
had and obtained, which acceptance shall be
made within six months after the passage of
this act and not afterwards, and shall be depos-
ited with the Secretary of the Interior.
Approved, July 23,1866.
Chap. CCXIII.—An Act to regulate the Regis-
tering of Vessels.
Be it enacted by fh e Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the act approved on
the tenth day of February, in the year one
thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, en-
titled "An act to regulate the registering of
vessels," shall not be deemed or construed to
affect or limit the operation of the act ap-
proved on the twenty-third day of Decem-
ber, in the year one thousand eight hundred
and fifty-two, entitled "An act authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to issue registers to
vessels in certain cases," but the same shall
be in full force and effect, anything in the act
first aforesaid to the contrary notwithstanding.
Approved, July 23, 1866.
Chap. CCXIY.—An Act to authorize the Con-
struction of a Railroad through certain Land
of the United States in Kansas.
Be it enacted bythe Senateand llouseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Leavenworth
City Railroad Company be, and are hereby,
authorized to construct a horse railway, with
one or two tracks, through the military reser-
vation from Fort Leavenworth to the city of
Leavenworth, Kansas, and take for the accom-
modation of the said road, or the business
thereof, a strip of land over said reservation
not exceeding twenty feet in width: Provided,
That the location of said railroad through said
reservation shall be on and along the west side
of the wagon road leading from the said city
to the said fort, and that the said company
shall erect their own bridges and crossings,
and not be permitted to use those of the wagon
road: And provided also, That when ever said
strip of land shall cease to be used for the pur-
poses -of said railroad company or the accom-
modation of the business thereof, the same shall
revert to the United States; that this privilege
shall be allowed as long as the Secretary of
War shall, in his discretion, determine, and no
longer.
Approved, July 23, 1866.
Chap. CCXV.—An Act to amend the Acts ap-
proved August six, eighteen hundred and
sixty-one, and July sixteen, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-two, establishing a Metropol-
itan Police in the District of Columbia, to
increase the Efficiency thereof, and for other
purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the chief executive
officer of the police shall hereafter be styled
major; the present sergeants shall be called
lieutenants; the roundsmen called sergeants,
and the patrolmen called privates; and thai,
in addition to the officers and employes the
commissioners of the Metropolitan police, in
the District of Columbia, are now authorized
by law to appoint, the said commissioners be
authorized to appoint one captain, who shall
be the inspector of the force, command it in
sickness or absence of the major, and perform
such other duties as the said commissioners
may direct; one clerk in the office of the major,
who shall have charge of the records of the
sanitary company, and perform such other
duties as the major, by direction or with the
approval of the commissioners, may prescribe;
twenty sergeants, and fifty patrolmen or pri-
vates.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
provisions of the sixth section of the act of
July sixteen,-eighteen hundred and sixty-two,
authorizing the selection of justices of the peace
by the board of police, to officiate at the re-
spective station-houses, be construed to pro-
vide for the hearing of all cases of offense
against statutory, corporation, or common law,
of which the said board is charged by law with
the execution; and all fines imposed by any
justice within either of the jurisdictions of the
Metropolitan police district shall be, by the
justices imposing the same, paid into the hands
of the treasurer of the board of police, on the
first Thursday after the same shall have been
collected, who shall duly receipt therefor, in
duplicate, to the credit of the city or county
within which the offense was committed ; and
such justice shall, in each case, return the ori-
ginal receipt to the treasurer of the same juris-
diction; and thfe treasurer of the police board
shall pay over such sums monthly to the proper
officers of said cities or county, upon proper
receipts, except as hereinafter provided.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That from
and after the expiration of licenses already
granted it shall be unlawful for any person or
persons keeping an ordinary, restaurant, sa-
loon, or other place where spirituous liquors are
sold within the District of Columbia, to give,
sell, or dispose of any intoxicating drinks with-
out a license approved by the board of police;
and hereafter no such license shall beconsidered
legal by any of the authorities having jurisdic-
tion within said District, until the same shall
have been approved bythe board of police and
so certified by the secretary thereof under the
office seal.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
board of police shall provide specific rules for
uniform clothing of the police force, which shall
be procured by each of the members thereof
respectively, strictly in conformity with such
rules, at his own expense and risk, and he shall
be removed from such force for not complying
with such rules.
Sbc. 5. And be it further enacted, That from
and after the passage of this act the property
clerk of the Metropolitan police district shall
be vested with all the powers now conferred
by law upon notaries public in the District of
Columbia. He may administer oaths and cer-
tify depositions which may be necessary to es-
tablish the ownership of any property or money
lost, abandoned, or returned to him under the
directions of the board of police, other than
such as may be so returned as the proceeds of
crime; and upon satisfactory evidence of such
ownership he shall deliver the same to said
owner, his heirs and legal representatives, and
to him or them only, except it be proven im-
practicable for such owner, heirs, or represent-
atives to appear, when the same may be deliv-
ered and receipted for upon such proof of
ownership and the filing in the office of said
property clerk, of a duly executed power of
attorney from said owner or his heirs or legal
representatives. And any property or money
returned to the property clerk as the proceeds
