1860
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
be necessary for the protection of the civil rights
of the freedmcn, as well as those of all other
classes of persons throughout the United Stp.t.es,
by judicial process under equal and impartial
laws, in conformity with the provisions of the
Federal Constitution.
I now return the hill to the Senate, and re-
gret that in considering the bills and joint res-
olutions—forty-two in number—which have
been thus far submitted for my approval, I am
compelled to withhold my assent from a second
measure that lias received the sanction of both
Houses of Congress.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, D. C., March 21, 18G6.
Mr. "WILSON, of Iowa. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman a question.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I decline to yield.
Mr. Speaker, the debate which occurred on
this bill occupied two weeks of the time of this
House. Some forty speeches were made, and
the debate was not brought to a close until all
had been heard who expressed a desire to speak
upon the bill. At the close of that debate the
bill was passed by more than two thirds of this
House. It has been returned to us with the
objections of the President to its becoming a
law.. I do not prop-ose to reopen the discus-
sion of this measure. I am disposed to ieave
the close of this debate to the President by the
message which has just been read. I ask the
friends of this great measure to answer the
argument and statements of that message by
their votes. I appeal to them to sustain me
in the motion which I am now about to make.
I now demand the previous question on
the passage of this bill, the objections of the
President to the ccmtrary notwithstanding.
Mr. ROGERS. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask a question ?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. No, sir.
Mr. ROGERS. I want to correct, a state-
ment. Not one fourth of the speeches had
any application to the bill.
[Cries of 11 Order!" ''Order!"]
_ The SPEAKER. The question is, Shall the
bill pass notwithstanding the objections of the
President ?
Mr. NIBLACK. I rise to a question of
order._ I ask whether a motion to lay on the
table is in order pending the demand for* the
previous question.
The -SPEAKER. This question has never
yet been raised so far as the Chair at this mo-
ment remembers, and the opinion of the Chair is
that it would scarcely be in order, as the House
is acting under the Constitution of the United
States, which requires, after considering the
objections of the President, that the House
shall then proceed to vote by yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill, and if two thirds agree
to pass it it becomes a law.
Mr. NIBLACK. The only vote, then, I un-
derstand, that is in order is simply upon the
question of the passage of the bill. No other
motion is in order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. Since the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Wilson] refuses to allow any debate,
I move that there be a call of the House.
ihe question being taken on the motion for
a call oi the House, the Speaker announced
that the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The question being taken on seconding the
demand for the yeas and nays, there were—
ayes 30, noes 122; not one fit til voting in the
affirmative.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand tellers on sec-
onding the call for the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and the Speaker
appointed Messrs. Eldkidoe, and Wilsox of
Iowa.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
■—ayes thirty-three.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
. I'he SPEAKER. The Chair will now state,
m regard to the question put by the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Nielack] in rcl'erence to
a motion to lay on the table, that the language
of the Constitution is :
"If after ■.K-11 reconsideration two thirds of that
House shall agree to pass the bill, it shall be sent,
together with the objections, to the other House, and
if approved by two thirds of that House it shall be-
come a law. But in oil oases the votes of both Houses
shall be determined by yeas and najs, and the names
of the persons voting tor and against the bill shall be
entered on the Journal of each House respectively."
That language seems to exclude every other
question except the passage of the bill.
But, on examining authorities, the Chair finds
that in the Twenty-Seventh Congress a bill
vetoed by the President was laid on the table,
it having been decided, on appeal, that the
motion was in order. Therefore, after the vote
on the present question is taken, the Chair feels
that he mus^ following this precedent, recog-
nize that motion if made.
Mr. NIBLACK. I desire to make that
motion at the proper time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already
expressed the opinion that the language of the
Constitution seems to require a vote on the
passage of the bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I wish to be understood
as appealing from the decision of the Chair
when it is made.
The Clerk proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. LE BLOND. I move that when the
House adjourns it adjourn till next Tuesday.
The /SPEAKER. The gentleman did not
rise in time.
Mr. ELDRIDG-E. The gentleman rose be-
fore the roll-call had commenced and addressed
the Chair.
[Cries of "Order!" "Order!"]
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the gentleman is not debarred of any of his
rights by the ruling of the Chair thai the roll-
call having been commenced it shall proceed.
He can make his motion hereafter.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 32, nays 130, not voting
21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Bergen, Boyer, Denison,
Eldridge, Finck, Giossbrenner, Aaron Harding, Ho-
gan, Edwin N. Ilubbell, James Jit. Humphrey, Lo
Blond, Marshall, McCullough, Niblack. Nicholson,
Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Bitter, Rogeis, Ross,
Rousseau, Shanklin, Sitgreaves, Strouse, Taber, Tay-
lor, Thornton, Trimble, Wintield, and Wright—32.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Delos 11. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Barker,
Baxter,Beaman,Benjamin, Ridweli, Bontwell.Bran-
degee, Bromwell, Broomall, Buekland.Bundy, Reader
W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Conklmg. Cook, Gul-
lom, Darling, Davis. Dawes, Dawson, Dcfrees, Delano,
Doming, Dixon. Dodge. Donnelly, Driggs, Eekley,
Eggleston, Eliot, Farnsworth, Farquhar, Ferry, Gar-
field, Grinneil, Gi'ibwold. Hale, Abuer C. iluidmg,
Hart, Hayes,Henderson,ifigby,IIill, Holmes.Hooper.
Hotc-hkis=, Asahel W. Hubbard. Chester D. Hubbard,
John H. Hubbard, J aines R. Ilubbell, Hulburd, ■} ames
Humphrey, Ingercoll, Jenekes.Kasson, Kellcy, lielso,
Kotcham, Lallin, Latham, George V. Lawrence, Wil-
liam Lawrence, Loan, Longyear, Lynch, Marston,
Marvin, MuClurg, Mclndoe, McKee, McRuer, Mer-
cur, Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, Morris, Moulton,
Myers. Newell. Noell, O'Neill. Ortli, Paine, Patter-
son, Perham. Phelps, Pike, Plants, Pomeroy, Price,
William II. Randall, Raymond, Alexander H. Rice,
John H. Rice, Rollins, Sawyer, Scheiick, Seolield,
Shellabarger, Smith, Spalding, Starr, Stevens, Stil-
well, Thayer, John L. Thomas, Trowbridge, Upson,
Van Aernam, Bart Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn,
J^ard, Elilm B. Washhurne, Henry D. Washburn,
n iiliam B. Washburn, Welker. Wentworth, Whaley,
James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, and
Woodbridgo—1^0.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames. Anderson, Bing-
I ham, Blame, Blow, Chan]or, Ooffroth, Culver, Da-
| mont, Goodyear, Crirter, Harris,_ Demas Hubbard,
; Johnson, Jones, Julian, Kerr. Kuykendall, Sloan,
[ i-rancis Thomas, Warner, and Williams—21.
So the House refused to order a call.
_ Mr. LE BLOXD. I now move to lay the
bill upon the table; and upon that motion I
demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. SCIIBNCK. I raise the question ofi
order that that motion is not in order. j
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the I
point of order and will state the grounds for I
overruling it. As the Chair first stated to the
House, the Constitution seems to indicate that
the House shall immediately vote upon the j
passage or rejection of the bill, but upon an
examination of the precedents, he finds that \
the Congress has acted so as to enlarge this j
construction very considerably. In the Twenty- j
First Congress the vote upon a vetoed bill was I
postponed for a long time." In another Con-
gress a motion was made and entertained to
recommit a bill that had been vetoed lo the
committee from which it originated. But, per-
haps, the decision most applicable to this case
is to be found on page 190 of Barclay's Digest,
which has been adopted as the parliamentary
law of this House, which binds both the mem-
bers and the Speaker. It is as follows:
"A veto message and bill may be referred, or the
message alone, or the bill may be laid on the table."
The Chair finds in the Journal of the Twenty-
Seventh Congress, second session, page 1256,
when Hon. John White, of Kentucky, occupied
this chair, the following precedent:
" The question was then propounded that the House,
on reconsideration, do agree to pass the said bill to
pro\ide revenue from imports, and for other purposes;
when—
"Amotion was made by Mr. James Cooi>ek that
the bill do he on the table.
" Mr. William Cost JonxsoN objected to this mo-
tion as not in order, for that, according to the Consti-
tution, the House must proceed to the reconsidera-
tion of said bill.
"The Speaker decided that the motion to lay on
the table was in order.
"From this decision Mr. William Cost Johnson
appealed to thelltfuse; which appeal was, on motion
of Mr. Fillmore, ordered to lie on the table; and the
decision of the Speaker stands."
The bill was then laid on the table by a vote
of S7 to 73 ; and among those who voted to lay
it on the table were two gentlemen who have
taken the oath under the Constitution as Pres-
ident of the United States. John Quincy Adams
and Millard Fillmore. Mr. William Pitt Fes-
senden, Mr. Joshua R. Giddings, and other gen-
tlemen of distinction at that day, whose names
the Chair need not repeat, also voted to lay the
bill on the table.
The Chair is now bound by this decision of
a Speaker of the House which was sustained
by the House on an appeal. That decision
enters into the parliamentary law of the House
and has been incorporated into the Digest which
we have adopted as our parliamentary law. As
the House on various occasions has enlarged
what the Speaker would deem to be the strict
construction of this provision of the Constitu-
tion by a variety of motions apart from the
question of passing or rejecting the bill, the
Chair thinks the motion to lay this bill on the
table is in order.
There is still an additional reason. If two,,
thirds of the House desire to pass the bill over
•the presidential veto, it is evident that they
will reject the motion to lay the bill on the
table. If they desire to have the bill laid upon
the table, the Chair cannot, upon reflection,
see why they should not have that privilege. If
they wish to refer it to a committee, as was
done with a veto in the Lot Congress, they
should have the right to do it. This is a matter
coming back to the House with the objections
of the President, and by the precedents quoted,
the House can do as they see fit with it. And
if two thirds of the House are in favor of pass-
ing the bill it is ccrtainly evident that a majority
will vote against laying the bill on the table.
Mr. SCHENCK. Is this question debatable?
The SPEAKER. If the previous question
was not pending it would be debatable.
Mr. SCIIEN C K. If J cannot assign ray rea-
sons I will withdraw my appeal.
The SPEAKER. As the Chair has stated
his opinions very fully, it would 1)0 agreeable
to Ihe Chair that the member making the
appeal should ha\e an opportunity to state
fully his reasons for it.
Mr. LE BLOND. Would the previous ques-
tion cut off debate upon an appeal from the
decision of the Chair?
_ The SPEAKER. The pendency of the pre-
vious question would.
Mr. LE BLOND. This is an entirely new
subject-matter, and one not covered by the
previous question.
_ The SPEAKER. The pendency of the pre-
vious question relates to all questions incident
to the principal question.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Would it require a two-
thirds vote to lay tiiis motion on the table?
The SPEAKER. It would not. A major-
