2820
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand there is
not in this bill; but we are notified by the other
Senator from Kansas, [Mr. Lane,] that this is
one of four bills, and a good many of the
Kansas roads run through Indian country. I
looked cursorily into the statutes and the
treaties, and I was rather of the opinion that
these grants of land through the Indian coun-
try which had been reserved to the Indians by
treaty were nugatory; that they did not carry
anything with the grant; that it was incon-
sistent with the treaty obligation of the Gov-
ernment. But it is replied to that that good
faith requires the Government of the United
States to make these grants good, that they
have held out to capitalists that they shall have
every alternate section of land for ten miles on
each side of the road, and that they are bound
to get the Indians out of the way.
I make these remarks not in reference to
this special bill, which I trust will go over and
be looked into, for it seems to me that this
third section is objectionable. I do not believe
in tying up the public lands of the country for
ten years from settlement in this way.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Illi-
nois by reading the section carefully will see
that it is only the alternate odd sections that
are reserved for ten years. It is not the public
lands.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would not reserve them
for ten years.
Mr. POMEROY. No railroad bill ever
passed Congress that did not reserve for a lim-
ited period the odd-numbered sections, and the
company were to get them as fast as they built
the road. That is the provision in every bill.
Wo do not reserve all the country from settle-
ment. The even sections can be entered at
any time all along the line of this road. This
section simply reserves from settlement and
preemption the odd-numbered sections for a
distance of ten miles on each side of the road.
Mr. TRQMBULL. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him if it has ever been the policy of
the Government to reserve for such a lengthy
period the lands from settlement?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I think we had
better change that policy and allow the country
to be settled.
Mr. POMEROY. These very lands, acre
for acre, were reserved for ten years, from 1853
to 1863.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And now you propose
to reserve them for twenty years.
Mi-. POMEROY. Yes, sir; to give another
ten years with which to build this road.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They have built no road,
and yet you propose to keep this land out of
market for twenty years.
Mr. POMEROY. They have built a part of
the road.
Mr. CONNESS obtained the floor.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator from
California will allow me, I wish to ask the Sen-
ator from Illinois one question. I feel the force
of what he says, but I want to know of him how
Congress can make a grant to a State to enable
that State to build a railroad without taking
the lands out of market. The grant is to the
State of certain described lands. How is that
grant to be made without taking the lands out
of market? Will he make a grant to a State
for a particular purpose, and yet allow from
day to day the lands thus granted to be sold?
Mr. TRUMBULL. My objection was to the
length of time they -were reserved. These lands
have been reserved for ten years already, and
no road is built, and now you propose to reserve
them ten years more.
Mr. HfiNDRICKS. I am not very partic-
ular about the number of years, This is a
grant that was made more than ten years ago
to aid in the construction of a road in Missouri
and Arkansas. The Senator's own constit-
uency have large interests in this very road ;
more, a great deal, as I understand, than the
people of Arkansas. I think the president of
the company is a citizen of Illinois, Mr. Bray-
man. It is upon his application that the time
is now extended. The Senator knows that the
financial trouble of 1857, and then the war
coming on, prevented the construction of many
railroads. This was one of the roads not con-
structed within the time limited by the act of
Congress; but bonds have been issued and
stock subscribed, and the committee thought
it was but fair to allow a reasonable time for
the completion of this road, as we have done
in almost every other State where the com-
panies have been unable to finish the road
within the time fixed. The grants are made
upon the condition that the roads shall be con-
structed within ten years. That has been the
character of all the grants since the first grant
made to the State of Illinois for the great Cen-
tral road. The condition is that the road must
be finished within ten years, else the lands
granted shall revert to the Government. Now,
the Senator knows that in 1857 a very severe
financial crisis came upon the country and
Stopped almost all work upon railroads. It
affected enterprises in Iowa, Wisconsin, and
in other States; and during the last and the
present session of Congress we have extended
in some cases for five years, and in some cases,
I believe, for eight years, the time within which
the roads might be completed, giving a reason-
able time for the completion of the roads.
Now, if the Senator thinks that ten years is
too long, let him propose an amendment; but
certainly he will not defeat the investment of
money already made, mainly by men from the
northern States, in this particular road, upon
the technical proposition that the time limited
has expired.
Mr. CONNESS. This provision had attracted
my own attention, and I was about to speak of
it when the Senator from Illinois rose. I find
it, at least in its objectionable form to my mind,
in the first section, in the revival and extension
"for the term of ten years from the passage
of this act." I wish to say that I am in favor
of Continuing rights to this company or to any
company who will build a road through the new
territory; but I do not think that this is the right
form of condition, nor that it is the usual form
of condition ; but if it be, I join the Senator
from Illinois in saying that it is time to change
it. The fair terms upon which a grant of the
public lands maybe given to a company should
be distinctly stated. This may be considered
as a new grant; but in reviving it, it should be
continued to the same parties, in my opinion.
But it has lapsed, and they have no rights in
it; and it is, to all intents and purposes, a new
grant to be made to them. Then I think the
conditions that"should accompany it should
require that they begin the road within a given
time, say two years, as provided in all the bills
I have introduced asking for grants to railroad
companies, and then require that they shall
construct a certain number of miles each year
thereafter, and that they shall construct the
whole extent of the road within a given time,
and that they shall be entitled to land con-
terminous with the road as fast as they con-
struct it. These are conditions which leave the
title of the land in the United States in case
the road shall not be built, and conditions also
of the strongest kind, as I think, to induce the
building of the road; but this seems to be a
very loose and general provision, "that the
above recited act," referring to an act that is
not before us, "with all the provisions therein
made, be and the same is hereby revived and
extended for the term of ten years from the
passage of this act." I am in favor of the
bill; but I suggest that it ought to have another
form. I think this is a very objectionable form.
Grant lands, I say, for the construction of those
great improvements which bring settlement and
civilization into the far West, but require the
parties to commence within a given time not
distant, and to go steadily forward with the
improvements, and then let their title accrue
as they carry on the work. I think that these
bills ought to have that shape and form.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In reply to the Senator
from Indiana, I wish to say tli'at he did not
answer at all the suggestion which I made. I
was not objecting to a land grant, nor to reserv-
ing from sale a portion of the public lands in
aid of such a grant. I did not object to the
bill upon that ground, and propose to require
that the Government should go on and sell the
lands from day to day; but it seemed to me
that the length of time here proposed, ten
years, was an unreasonable time to tie up these
lands. I quite agree with what the Senator
from California has said, that where parties
had rights which were interrupted by th<§ rebel-
lion, it is no more than proper that they should
be continued ; but the fact that people in the
State of Illinois are interested in it, or that a
gentleman from that State is president of the
road, does not alter the propriety of making
the grant, nor would it alter my course in ref-
erence to the bill. It seems to me that this
third section ties up the land quite too long.
The other suggestions which I made in regard
to these land grants generally were not appli-
cable to this particular bill, because I under-
stand this road does not go through the Indian
country. I made those suggestions because I
understood that there were other bills, as was
stated by the Senator from Kansas, [Mr. Lane,]
for roads which might probably go through the
Indian country; and I had found in my action
upon the Committee on Indian Affairs, that
we were very much embarrassed in providing
for the Indians, and the Government was put
to expense in consequence of these land grants;
and 1 think that when we make the grants they
ought to be made in a way not to complicate
our difficulties with the Indian tribes.
Mr. HENDERSON. I offer this amend-
ment to come in as a proviso at the end of the
third section of the bill:
Provided, That all lands heretofore given to the
State of Missouri for the construction of the Cairo
and Fulton railroad, or for the use of said road, lying
in the State of Missouri, and all lands proposed to
be granted by this act for the use or in aid of the said
road herein named, and lying in the State of Mis-
souri, shall be granted and patented to the said Stato
whenever the road shall be completed through said
State, which lands may be held by the State of Mis-
souri and used for paying the State for the amount
of bonds heretofore issued by it to aid said company,
and all interest accruing or to accrue thereon.
In 1850 a grant of land was made by Con-
gress to the State of Missouri for the use and
benefit of this road, or to aid in its construc-
tion ; and the State granted the lands to the
company. There was a company organized
called the Cairo and Fulton Railroad Com-
pany. There was a magnificent grant of lands,
as I understand, given also to the State of
Arkansas for the same purpose. A company
was organized about the year 1854, 1855, or
1856, who obtained, in addition to tlie lands
that were granted by Congress, a grant of some
$700,000 in bonds from our State; and they
used those bonds, built some twenty-five or
thirty miles of road with the proceeds of the
bonds they sold, and the State of Missouri has
been compelled ever since that time to pay the
interest on the bonds. The company has never
paid a dollar of interest since the issue of the
bonds, I believe. I really do not know the
condition of the lands, because I am not now
so familiar as I was in 1856,1857, or 1858 with
the history and condition of this company; nor
am I so well acquainted with the condition of
these lands as respects the right of my State to
them. Whatever lands of this grant are unsold
now in the State of Missouri—and I do not.
know what quantity of lands there are unsold
by the company—of course will be regranted
under this bill. I desire that the State of Mis-
souri shall hold a lien upon those lands and
that Congress shall not revive this grant so as
to pass the title out of the State of Missouri,
but I desire that the State shall hold a lien on
these lands or any lands that may be granted
in this bill within the borders of that State in
order to pay back to the State of Missouri the
amount that she has already issued in aid of
this road.
The company have not built road enough, as
