3780
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
to have the House understand that he is not
making a burlesque of it.
Mr. DAWES. I will state that the gentle-
man liasfailed to point out wherein I have mis-
stated one single thing. I admit that X tried
all I eordd to get over this difficulty and reach
the merits of the case. But I have never been
over the ground in my own mind since with-
out its seeming, as it strikes the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] to-day,
that it was more of a burlesque than a proper
administration of the law. And hence it was
that the committee, looking back to the stand-
point of five weeks' examination, came to the
conclusion that it was a pity they had not held
these parties to the law and required of them
that they should conform to it. Now, there
never was any reason in the world given why
the contestant waited thirty-two days, until Mr.
Dawson had left his home for Washington city,
and then went out and hunted up the house-
keeper in the country, and persuaded her to go
to the house while they went through the farce
of serving this notice. There were thirty days
in November while Mr. Dawson was at home,
when the notice could have been served there
properly.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt him a moment?
Mr. DAWKS. Yes, sir.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Inasmuch as I can find
nothing in the report of the Committee of Elec-
tions upon the point that my friend from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] is discussing, I would
like to ask him, as a lawyer, whether the point
as to the insufficiency of this notice has not
been overruled by the committee in compelling
the respondent to answer, thereby pretermitting
all these merely formal matters.
Mr. DAWES. In entire frankness I will say
to the gentleman that for the purpose of hear-
ing this case we did require the respondent to
■ answer under these circumstances. And I was
about to ask the House to hear what the sitting
member was compelled to meet, specifying the
ground upon which this contest was based. It
was this, and this only:
"11. 3?or that in the counties of Fayette, West-
moreland, and Indiana, which comprises and forms
the twenty-first congressional district of the Statoof
Pennsylvania., of tho votes cast for Congress in and
for the said counties of said district on the 11th day
of October, 1801, being the second Tuesday of Octo-
ber, Ibtii, Smith Fuller liad for Congiessll,08Svotes;
John L. Dawson had for Congress 10,848 votes."
The whole statement may be summed up
in seven words: "I had more votes than Mr.
Dawson." Now, is that a conformity with the
statute which requires that the party contest-
ing shall state specifically the ground upon
which he relies? He does not say whether in
this county or that county he had more votes
than the sitting member. He does not say
whether the majority in this county or that is
different from what the board of canvassers
made it to be. He does not say whether they
counted votes that ought not to have been
counted, or whether they omitted to count
votes that should have been counted-. Let me
ask the House, what notice is that to the sit-
ting member that he can meet? And under
that notice what could not the contestant prove,
and therefore what could tho sitting member
have notice that he was going to prove? There
is no allegation known to the law of elections
to which this notice would not apply just as
well as to any other.
But the contestant claimed under this notice
the right to recount all the votes in this dis-
trict, and to show that by a recount he would
have had a majority and the sitting member a
minority. The committee gave him permis-
sion to show, if he could, that counting all the
votes that were cast in this congressional dis-
trict he had received more than the sitting
member. Now, I ask again, Mr. Speaker,
can you conceive of a case in which a contest-
ant can oust a sitting member by a recount of
all the votgs, yet not take a single deposition?
Is there any way—I put it to my.learned friend
fi'Qrii Pennsylvania, [Mr. Thayer,] who does
me the honor tolistepto me—is there anyway
in which a contestant can show what votes
were counted and what votes were not counted
without taking somebody's deposition? Can
any one, without taking depositions, give his
certificate that certain votes were counted and
certain other votes were not counted? If that
cannot be done, then there is an end of this
case; for there is not a particle of testimony
in the whole proceeding to show what votes
were counted and what votes were not counted.
Here is the sitting member occupying the seat
under the proclamation of the Governor or the
certificate of the board of canvassers; and the
contestant comes here—my distinguished col-
league on the committee [Mr. Scofield] will
correct me if this is not the fact—asking to re-
count all the votes and bringing in what he
calls evidence of votes, yet totally abstaining
from showing what votes were counted and
what votes were not. Ordinarily the presump-
tion is that the man holding the certificate is
elected; and he who seeks to reverse the de-
cision of the board of canvassers, made in
accordance with the law of the State, and main-
tains that another man has the majority, should
at least undertake to prove it.
Mr. THAYER. I desire to ask the gentle-
man whether the contestant offered evidence
under any other specification than that which
the gentleman has mentioned.
Mr. DAWES. The contestant openly aban-
doned all the specifications hut three ; and he
offered no evidence under any except the
eleventh.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman will allow
me to explain. At one time a remark was
made which was understood as an abandon-
ment of the greater part of the specifications;
hut afterward, when it appeared that the com-
mittee had put this construction upon the
remark, the explanation was made on behalf
of the contestant that it had never been his
design to make any such abandonment.
Mr. DAWES. I have stated the matter in
the hearing of all the members of the commit-
tee who were present. My friend from Penn-
sylvania and myself do not agree in our recol-
lection of it. I think, however, the gentleman
will admit that this eleventh specification is the
only one under which the contestant offered
any testimony. If the gentleman can point
out any testimony offered under any other
specification, I shall be glad to have him do so.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I will concede just what
the gentleman himself said in tho beginning—
that there were no depositions. The evidence
in the case on the part of the contestant was
all record evidence. Yet I do not understand
that this justifies the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts in maintaining that the contestant
presented no proof.
Mr. THAYEB. I desire to ask the chair-
man of the committee whether there was any
other specification to which the evidence would
apply.
Mr. DAWES. There was not. I never,
before to-day, heard anybody suggest that there
was. I say this in the hearing of all the mem-
bers of the committee who took part in the
examination of the case. I have regretted
exceedingly, and I regret it to-day more than
ever, that the learned gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. ShellabakgebJ was compelled to be ab-
sent during the hearing of this case by his
duties upon another committee. The gentle-
man from Michigan [Mr. UpsoxJ was sick,
and thus we lost his services. Two other mem-
bers of the committee—the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] and the gentle-
man from Vermont [Mr. Baxter]—differed
with the majority of the committee. I enter-
tain a firm conviction that if we could have
had the assistance of the gentleman from Ohio,
with the exhaustive ability which he brings to
the examination of every subject falling within
his province to investigate, we should have had
him to-day supporting actively the report of
the committee.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I avail myself of
the kindness of the chairman of the commit-
tee to say this in regard to the matter to which
he has alluded, and which occurred when I
was in attendance on the investigation of this
case, and that is the matter of the abandon-
ment or non-abandonment of a specification in
the contestant's statement or petition. The
only point of difference in our recollection in
regard to that record is this: I think there was
no abandonment, although I think the remark
was once made, but was afterward withdrawn
as having been made inadvertently, or as one
they did not want the committee to abide by.
So much for that. As to whether there is any
evidence applicable to the case or not, from
my absence from the deliberations of the com-
mittee I am unable to say.
Mr. DAWES. I will, Mr. Speaker, dispatch
the rest of the case very rapidly. The counsel
for the sitting member inquired of the contest-
ant if the testimony which I hold in my hand
was what he relied upon, and he stated affirm-
atively before the committee it was what he
relied upon and all that he relied upon. Then
we proceeded to the hearing of the preliminary
questions. When we got through the prelimi-
nary questions we met to hear the parties on the
book which I hold in my hand. The contestant
was not there. We did not see his counsel for
three weeks. Where be went and what he went
for we knew not until the committee had a tele-
gram from Harrisburg asking_ what testimony
we wanted and whether the original records at
Harrisburg would not answer. That was the
first intimation we had of his whereabouts. This
was after having stated this testimony was all
that he relied upon. Yet, without telling the
committee, he left and went we knew not
whither.
Now, in due time this volume came back.
The statutes of Pennsylvania require that the
soldiers' vote shall be returned to two places—
to Harrisburg and to the prothonotary's office
in each county, so that there would be two
papers. His papet consisted of simple state-
ments, scraps of paper and not copies of any-
thing in the world j simple statements of votes
without stating before whom they were cast
or how; 20 votes for Dawson here and 20 for
Fuller there; so many in another place for
Fuller and so many for Dawson, without
telling how or when, giving the committee no
knowledge whether they could be relied upon
or not.
The other attempt was to get the poll-books,
going to the prothonotary's office to get some
and going to the secretary's office to get the
others. It was not an attempt to get the whole
of them at the secretary's office or the whole
of them at the prothonotary's office, but some
at the prothonotary's office and some at the
secretary's office. It was an attempt to get a
full poll-book wherever it was deemed to be
desirable. "
What the contestant says is tliat the whole
vote of this district, upon which he relies, and
upon which he argues before this committee
and the House, gives him a majority of 18.
Now, Mr. Speaker, we are asked to count these
votes as shown in the certificates of poll-books
purporting to come from the office of the pro-
thonotary and from the office of the secretary
of the Commonwealth. I say it is necessary,
in the first instance, to prove these are returns.
It is necessary to show when they came and
whence they camc. They were votes certified
to be in the secretary's office, but I know that
the certificate of election was given to the sit-
ting member. I submit there ought to be evi-
dence to show when they came there. The
soldiers' law of Pennsylvania says if they shall
come in after the time when they are sent in
accordance with the law they shall be counted
as well as those which came in before, so that
they may not bo lost. I submit to every law-
yer in this House, that returns brought from
the secretary's office fourteen months after that
date should be accompanied with some testi-
mony showing that it was taken at the proper
place and at the proper time.
