1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3781
Mr. MTLLER. I ask the gentleman if the
seal of the State is not of sone account.
Mr. DAWES. I submit that all that a man
can certify to under the seai of the State is a
copy of the record. He cannot certify a fact.
If that be so, then the taking of depositions is
useless. If he can certify anything except a
record, I want to know what it is. There is
110 record, no minute, nothing in one of these
papers showing when it came into the office.
It was the easiest tl.ing in the world to take
the deposition of the secretary to show when
they came there. They were not obtained
till fourteen months afterward, and he could
have sworn when they came there. But that
is not all. I promised to relieve this case
of every technicality sought to be thrown
around it by the three gentlemen from Penn-
sylvania who have spoken upon it. I hold in
my hand the statement of this whole vote as
furnished to_ the committee by the contestant
himself, entitled "classified statement of the
entire military vote." I wish to ask my col-
league on the committee, [J'l\ Scofield,] and
the gentleman from the Rarrisburg district,
[Mr. Mili.es,] and the othor gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Lawkbi^'e,] if there is a
single vote that is not on thi.i paper.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I never saw the paper,
and cannot, therefore, state.
Mr. DAWES. I regret to learn that the
gentlemau-never saw the br a of the contest-
ant in this case, furnished by him at the request
of the committee, used by him in the argument
of the cause, and printed by the committee at
his request, for the use of the House. And yet
my friend, who has undertaken to argue this
case to the House, says he never saw it and
does not know what it is. I ask the gentle-
man from the Harrisburg district if there is a
single vote in any camp or hospital that is not
upon this paper entitled "classified statement
of the entire military vote."
Mr. MILLER. 1 took all the votes that
were referred to in the report. I did not see
any brief that the gentleman speaks of.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the other gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Lawrexce] the same
question.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. It is
very easy to ask that question. Gentlemen on
the committee say they never saw that brief.
All we have stated is based on the report itself,
which shows that the contestant has a majority.
Mr. DAWES. I thought nothing could be
fairer, and therefore I put the question, so that
the gentlemen might answer it if they could.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I do not know what the
paper is, and 1 have not time to examine it.
The gentleman gets up and swings a paper
around triumphantly, and when I tell him I
know nothing about it, that I have never seen
it, he commences a sort of—I do not know
what to call it. I do not know whether he is
arguing or scolding at me.
Mr. DAWES. There is a copy of it.
Mr. SCOETBLD. I have no occasion to
look at it, but if the gentleman wants to scold
me about it, I would like to have him do it in
a little different tone.
Mr. DAWES. I submit that 1 am not scold-
ing anybody. I am dealing fairly with this
case, and I did suppose that nothing could
be fairer than to take the contestant's own
statement of these votes anu ask if there was
any member of the House who knew of a sin-
gle vote that the contestant claimed that is not
on this paper. If there is, I would like to know
it. I state on my responsibility as a member
of the committee, that I hold in my hand a
pap"r prepared by the contestant taking the
whole vote of this district. It is printed
and in circulation about the Souse. If I am
wro  g I am innocently wrong, and I will beg
any member of the House to show me my error.
The contestant here sums up the aggregate of
"Westmoreland, Indiana, and Fayette counties,
miscellaneous returns and till, adds the civil
vote, and brings out the result as follows: for
the contestant, 10,984 ; for the sitting member,
10,966; majority for the contestant, 18.
I think I may assume that the House will
believe me when I state that this is every vote
^ claims; and that upon this paper which I
hold in my hand he has recounted the poll-
books upon which he relies; and he has been
kind enough to give us the pages upon which
you can find any one of them.
Now, the first thing I desire to say about this
paper is, that in order to be satisfied that this
man's majority was 18, as he states, you must
be satisfied that here are all the poll-books. I
am not alluding now to that one which the gen-
tlemen from Pennsylvania have claimed was
omitted. Thatisin here. But is it not neces-
sary, if he asks you to count the vote of the
whole district, and brings in papers here which
he claims are the poll-books of the whole dis-
trict, that he should, prove that this is the en-
tire poll of the district? There is not one par-
ticle of evidence of that fact.
Mr. LAWl-tENCE, of Pennsylvania. I want
to ask the gentleman if they have not records
from all of these counties, made out by the pro-
thonotaries and sworn to.
Mr. DAWES. No, sir; we have not a sin-
gle scrap of paper sworn to except this affi-
davit in relation to Biddy Reynolds.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I ask the House to allow mo
ten minutes that I may go through this paper.
I think I can close in ten minutes, but I should
not like to be limited to that time.
Mr. PAINE. I ask unanimous consent that
the time of the gentleman from Massachusetts
be extended.
No objection was made.
Mr. DAWES. I propose to show, without
the slightest technicality, and by this man's
own tables, that he was in a minority.
Before I come to that, however, let me say
that no mau can ask us to take these tables,
and add up all these votes, and then say that
the contestant has a majority over the sitting
member, unless we are satisfied that the tables
contain all the votes cast. And we cannot be
satisfied of that without some evidence. There
is not a man living who can say that there is a
particle of evidence to show that. Anil not
only that, there is evidence that one of the
poll-books is gone, and no reason has ever
been given for its disappearance. I call the
attention of the House to the fact that poll-
book No. 52, of Indiana county, is put down
here in the returns as an entire blank; No. 51
is here, and No. 53 is here; but there is no
return at all of No. 52, either from the pro-
thonotaryorthe secretary of state. The entire
poll is gone, and they give no reason for it in
this paper; and yet, leaving out this one poll,
the contestant claims a majority of 18.
But that is not all, Mr. Speaker. I ask
you to look at this poll; it foots up, in the
absence of one poll-book, 18 majority for the
contestant; but that 18 is made up in this
way, the votes in No. 51 and No. 61 in In-
diana county, are counted twice. I take it,
that however much he may love the soldiers,
the soldiers' very warm-hearted friend from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Miller] would not require
that we should count their votes twice. No.
61 in Indiana county was the Tyler hospital.
There were but three votes cast, but they were
counted, as you will find on page 144, and put
down as cast at the Tyler hospital. The poll-
book gives the names of the voters and their
residence. Turn now to page 281, and you
find there another poll-book, all perfect in
form, except that the place where the poll was
held is left blank. They asked us not to re-
ject the poll-book because the place was left
blank, and insisted that we should count the
vote, and we did count it. But when you turn
to the poll-book you find that the names and
the places of residence are the same as those
on the poll-book on page 144. So that 3 of
the 18 votes have been counted twice, and that
reduces the alleged majority to 15.
And upon pages 81,83, and 89 there are three
more that have been counted twice. Their
names are James McCraelun of Brush Valley,
Isaac Oberdorf of Brush Valley, and Jacob Crist
of Mount Pleasant. Their names are given,
their companies are given, and their residences
are given; and their votes are counted twice.
That takes three more from his 18 majority,
leaving him t>ut 12.
And upon page 84 of the first book there are
31 votes counted for 30, a mistake of 1, redu-
cing the majority claimed to 11. Then I call the
attention of the House to page 81, to what is
counted as 13 votes for Fuller and 1 for Dawson.
It is this: "for senator in the Senate of the
State of Pennsylvania, 14 votes, of which Smith
Fuller had 13 votes and John L. Dawson had
1 vote.'' That is all there is in the return;
there is no evidence of anything else. It is a
solemn certificate that 14 votes were cast, 13
for Smith Fuller and 1 for Dawson, for sen-
ator in the senate of the State of Pennsylvania.
And those votes are counted to help make up
this majority of 18. Now, I do not know of
any informalities that can be overlooked. It
might have been a mistake, but if so it was the
easiest thing in the world to take a deposition
to show that it was a mistake. But all the evi-
dence before us is to the effect that the votes
thus given were cast for State Senator, and not
for member of Congress. B^deducting these
votes you get a majority of 1 for the sitting
member instead of 18 for the contestant. But
that is not all.
Here is another, pages 232 and 235, com-
pany K, two hundred and thirty-first regiment,
Fayette county, 6 votes. The tally-paper, the
list of votes with the names of the persons
who voted at the State election of the qualified
voters of Fayette county, State of Pennsyl-
vania, "for members in the House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States, John L. daw-
son, 2 votes; Smith Fuller, 8 votes." That is
signed by nobody; it is a little strip of paper
not signed by anybody. And yet those votes
are.eounted to make out this majority of 18 for
the contestant. Nov/, deducting also those 6
votes, and it puts him in a minority of 7 on
his own paper. I will not insult the good sense
of the House by arguing that a simple slip of
paper with nobody's name signed to it should
not be regarded. 1 might have made out the
paper myself; non constat but I did make it.
There is no evidence in the world whence it
came or whither it goes.
Now, take McClellan hospital. No. 0, West-
moreland county. There is a return just like
the last to which I have referred, signed by
nobody, simply a piece of paper with a state-
ment upon it, such as 1 might pick up in a
dozen places in this House, with no name at-
tached to it anywhere. Yet that is counted to
give 3 morevotes to the contestant, which, being
also deducted, puts him in a minority of 10.
Then, on page 333, there is another return
just exactly like these last, with nobody's name
signed to it, without any more authentication
than a mere newspaper paragraph, which is
included to give 2 more votes to the contestant
to make up his majority of 18. Now, deduct
also those 2 votes, and upon his own paper he
is placed in a minority of 12 votes.
Tnen there is Camp Hamilton, page 301,
without a paiticle of testimony, a particle of
evidence, with no certificate, with nobody's
name signed to it whatever. That is used
to give 1 vote to make up the 18 majority
claimed by the contestant. Now, deduct that
1 vote also, and instead of the contestant hav-
ing a majority of 18 votes, he is shown by
his own paper to be in a minority of at least
13 votes. There is one paper having upon it
a statement of 10 votes for the contestant and
13 for the sitting member ; but this paper has
no signature attached. So that the same rule
would apply to that if the two papers stand
upon an equality. But who produces it? The
contestant produces it. Yet he does not show
what use was ever made of it anywhere; he
does not show that it was ever counted any-
where.
Thus, Mr. Speaker, if any member of this
House, feeling an anxiety lest we should by our
action deprive some soldier of his vote, has
done me the honor to listen to what I have
