18.66.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1861
ity can lay the bill on the table, ox* postpone
its consideration, or recommit it to tne Com-
mittee on tho Judiciary.
The appeal from the decision of the Chair
having been withdrawn, the question was upon
the motion to lay the bill upon the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the negative—yeas 37, nays 122, not
voting 24-; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Bergen, Boyer, Coffroth,
Dawson, Denison, Eldridge, Kinek, Glossbrenner,
Aaron Hardin?, Harris, II02:an, Edwin N. Hubbell,
James M. Humphrey, Le Blond, Marshall, MeOul-
lough, Niblack, Nicholson, Phelps, Samuel J. Ran-
dall, William II. Randall, Hitter, Rogers, Ross, Rous-
seau, Shanklin, Sitgreaves, Smith, Strouse, Taber,
Taylor, Thornton, Trimble, Whaley, Winfield, and
Wright—37.
NAY8— Messrs, Alley, Allison, Delos R. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Barker,
Baxter, Beaman, Benjamin, Bid well, Boutwell,Bran-
degce, Bromwell, Hroomall, Buekla.nd, Bundy,
Reader W. Claike, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Conkling,
Cook. Cullom, Barling, Davis, Dawes, Dcfrees, Del-
ano, Doming, Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Kek-
ley, Eggleston, Eliot, Farhsworth, tfarquhar. l(,erry,
Garfield, Grinnell, Griswold, Ilale, AbnerC. Hardin!?,
Hart, Hayes, Henderson, Uigby, Hill, Holmes,
Hooper, llotohkiss, Asahcl "W, Hubbard, Chester D.
Hubbard, John Jl. Hubbard, James R. Hubbell, llul-
burd, James Humphrey, Tngersoll, Jenekes, Kasson,
Kelley, Kelso, Kctcham, Latiin, George V. Lawrence,
Wilham Lawrence, Loan, Lonfrvear, Lynch, Marston,
Marvin, MoClurg, Meludoe, Melvee, McRuer, Mer-
cur. Miller, Moorhcad, Morrill, Morris, Moulton,
Myers, Newell, Noell, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Patterson,
Perliam, Pike, Plants, Pomeroy, Price, Alexander II.
lliee, John H. Rico, Rollins, Sawyer, Schenek, Seo-
field, Shellabarger, Spalding. Starr, Stevens, Stilwell,
Thayer, Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas, Trow-
bridge. Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Ward,
ElihuJB. Washburne, Willimn B. Washburn, Welkcr,
"Wentworth, James P. Wilson, Stephen P. Wilson,
Window, and Wondbridge—122.
NOT VOTING —Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Bing-
ham, Blaine, Blow, Chanler, Culver, Dtnnont, Good-
year, Grider, Demas Hubbard, Johnson, J ones, Julian,
Kerr, Kuykendall, Latliam, Kadford, Raymond,
Sloan, Robert T. Van Horn, Warner, Henry D.
Washburn, and Williams—24.
So the motion to lay the bill on the table was
nofc agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. BINGHAM paid: I am paired off on
all questions touching the passage of this bill,
with Mr. Wiluam^, and Mr. ILvjjijard of Now
York, both of whom would vote for tho bill if
they were present. On all preliminary ques-
tions 1 reserve my right to vote.
* The question rccurr'ed upon seconding the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. FINOK. I move that when the House-
adjourns to-day it adjourn to incut on Thuis-
day nex(.
Mr. KLBRIDGIj. I call for the yens and
nays on that motion, and I ask for tellers on
ordering the yeas and nays.
Tellers were refused.
The yeas and nays were refused.
The motion of Mr. Fixck was not agreed to.
MESSAGE l'LLOM T11J0 SENATE.
A messngc from the Senate by Mr. Foksky",
its Secretary, informed the House that the
Senate had passed without amendment the
following bill and joint resolution of the
House:
A bill (H. 11. No. 304) for the relief of the
estate of E. W. Eddy: and
Ajointresolution (II. li. No. 10r>) giving con-
struction to the law in relation to bounties pay-
able to soldiers discharged for wounds.
The message further informed the House
that the Senate had passed a bill (S. No. 50)
to provide for the revision and consolidation
of the statutes of the United States ; in which
he was directed to request the concurrence of
the House.
ENROLLED BILL SIGXKD.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from tho Committee on
Enrolled Rills, reported that they bad exam-
ined and found ^ruly enrolled Senate bill No.
181. for the relief of Emma J. Hall; where-
upon the Speaker signed the same.
CIVIL KIO-IITS BILL—ACAIX.
The question was upon the demand for the
pre\ious question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the House
now adjourn.
I call the yeas and nays on
I call for tellers on order-
Mr. FINCK.
that motion.
Mr. ELDRIDGE
ing the yeas and nays
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Washburxm,
of Illinois, and Mr. Eldiudgio, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes thirty-one, noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was upon the motion of Mr.
Eldridgu, that the House adjourn.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I withdraw my motion.
The intention on the other side is to gag the
House. Let them do so.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin withdraws the motion to adjourn.
Mr. ROGERS. I object.
The SPEAKER. The call of the roll not
having begun, the gentleman from Wisconsin,
in the opinion of "the Chair, has the right to
withdraw the motion.
The question recurring on seconding the
demand for the previous question, it was sec-
onded ; there being—ayes 102, noes 81.
The main question was then ordered.
Tho SPEAKER. The question is, ''Shall
this bill pass, notwithstanding the objections of
the President?" On this question, the vote,
according to the requirement of the Constitu-
tion, must be taken by yeas and nays.
The question was taken; and there were—
yeas 122, nays41, not voting 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Delos 11. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Baikcr,
Baxter, Bcaman,Benjamin. Bidwell,BoutwcJl,Brnn-
degee.Bromwell.Brooutall.Buckland, Bundv,Reader
W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Colfax, Conkling,
Cook,Cullom,Darling,Davis,Dawes, Defree>.Delano,
Dennnc?, Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly, JUektey, EggleMon,
Eliot, Karnsworth, Fanjuhar, Perry, Garfield, Gun-
nel], Gnswold, Hale. Abner 0. Harding, Hart, Mayes,
Hendei>on, Uiirby, Hill, Holmes, Hooper, llotchkisn,
A-=ahel W. llnbbard. CbeMer l>. Hubbard, John 11.
ltubbaid, James 11. Hubbell, Hulburd, James Hum-
phrey, lngcu'Mill, Jeneke>, Ka^ou, Kelley, Kel.-so,
Kctcham, Lnllin, George V. Lawronce, Will.urn
Lawrence, Loan, Longyear, Lynch, Marst on, Marvin,
MeCluig, Meludoe, MeKee, MeLluer, Mercur, Mii-
lei, Mourhe.id, Monil}, Morris, Moulton. Myers,
Newell, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Patterson, Perliam,
Pike, Plants, Pomeroy, Price, Alexander U. Rice,
John fl. Rice, Rollins, tfawjei, Schenek, Seoiield,
Shellnbaiger, Spalding, Starr, Sevens, _ Thayer,
Francis Thomas, John L.Thomas, Trowbridge, Hp-
son, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van
Horn, Ward, Llihu B. Wa.-hbuine, Henry }). WiuJi-
burn, William B. Washburn, "Welker, Wentworth,
James F. "Wilson, Stephen P. Wilson, Window, and
Woodbridu'c—3 22.
KAYS —Messrs. Aneona, Bereren, Boyer, Cnffroth,
T)aw>on, Denison, Kldridge, Finek, Glos.^brenner,
Aaron 11 aiding, Harris, llogan, IvlwinN. Hubbell,
James- M. Humphrey, Latham, Le. Blond. Marshall,
AfeCnllomrb, Nib lack, Nicholson, Noell, Ph el ps, Rad-
ford, Samuel J. Randall, William H. Randall, ilay-
mond, Hitter, Rogers, Rots, Itousscau, Shan'klin, Sit-
groavet', Smith, Strouse, Tabor, Taylor, Thornton,
Trimble. Whaley, Winfield, and Wridit—11.
NOT VOTING—Me.'-srs. Ames, Anderson, Bing-
ham. Blaine, Blow^tJhanler, Culver, Hrigtrs, Damont,
Goodyear, (Jrider, Demas Hubbard, Johnson. Jojies,
Julian, Kerr, Kuykendall, Sloan, Stihvell, Warner,
and Williams—21.
During the call of the roll the following
announcements were made:
Mr. CONKLING. My colleague, Mr. IIttb-
baiu), is detained from the House in conse-
quence of sickness in his family. On ihis vote
he is paired with the gentleman from Ohio, Mr.
BlNOJfAM.
Mr. ANCON_A. My colleague, Mr. John-
son, is ill detained at his room by sickness.
If here, he would undoubtedly vote to sustain
the veto.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I understood that
Mr. Jcjjax was paired with Mr. Jounsow
Mr. HILL. That matter will be explained
at the proper time.
Mr. McJNDOE. My colleague, Mr. Sioax,
is absent from the House on leave. If here lie
would vote for the passage of the bill.
Mr. S'i'J FAVELL. My colleagues, Messrs.
Jultax and Kcpji are absent, and Mr. Jcmav
and myself have paired with Mr. Kj:ur.
Mr. MOOIiHEAD. I have a telegram from
my colleague, Mr. "Wjlltams, who is on his
way here, butbasbeendetained in consequence
of the train missing a connection, if ho were
here he would vote for the bill; but I under-
stand that ho, has paired with the gentleman
from Ohio, Mr. Bixgham.
Mr, BINGHAM. Yes, sir.
Mr. MOORIIEAD. 1 believe the gentle-
man from Ohio lias paired with two gentlemen
as a two-thirds vote is required to decide this
question in the affirmative.
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, sir.
Mr. BALDW IN. I wish to say in behalf of
my colleague, Mr. Ames, that he is paired with
Mr. Gtuder. Were he here he would vote for
the bill.
Mr. THIMBLE. My colleague, Mr. Gkider,
who is absent, is paired with Mr. Ames. If here
he would vote against the passage of the bill.
Mr. WENTWORTH. My colleague, Mr.
Kuykendall, voted for this bill when it was
heretofore passed by the House, and he ex-
tremely regrets his inability to record his vote
in its favor now.
Mr. IIOSS. I regret that my colleague,
Mr. Kuykendall, is not here. I understand
that, if here, lie would have voted against this
bill. [Laughter.]
"When tho call of the roll had been concluded,
The SPEAKIslR said: The Clerk will call
my name as a member of the House.
The Clerk called the name of Schuyler
Colfax, of Indiana, and Mr. Colfax voted
4'av." [Applause.]
The SPEAKER. On the question, "Shall
this bill pass notwithstanding the objections of
the President ?,J the yeas are 122 and the nays
41. Two thirds of tho House having, upon
this reconsideration, agreed to the passage of
tho bill, and it being certified officially that a
similar majority of tho Senate, in which the
bill originated, also agreed to its passage, I do
therefore, by the authority of the Constitution
of the United States, declare that this bill,
entitled u An act to protect all persons in the
United Slates in their civil rights and furnish
the means of their vindication,5' has become
a law.
[This announcement was received with an
outburst of applause, in which members of the
House, as welt as the throng of spectators,
heartily joined, and which did not subside for
some moments.]
Mr. S0I1ENCK. I move that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and thereupon,
(at three o'clock and twenty minutes p. m.,)
the House adjourned.
rTCTlTlOSS, ETC.
The following petitions, ite., were presented under
the rule arid reterred to the appropriate committees:
I3y tho iSP-KAKl/Il: Tho petition of Hon. John A.
Gihner, and MO others, citizens of North Carolina,
asking for a new mail loute from Gibsonsvillo, on tho
North* Carolina r;ulro;id, via, Inglis JMiJ 1&, Brick
Church, David Coble's, and P. C. {Smith's, to Lang's
Mills, in Randolph county, North Carolina.
Also, the petition ot James A. Fennell, of Bich
Squ.u e, North Carolina, of the ^oeiuty of 1'riends, and
a volunteer in the Union Army, a^'iiifreonipensation
lbr a. horse taken iu ISO") by the United States.
Also, resolutions of amass nua tin'? of soldiers at
IJvansvilh", Indiana, in favor of an increase of pen-
sions and equalization of bounties.
By iUr. ALLKY : The petition of "William P. Phil-
lips. and olhus, in aid of tho recommendation of tho
Heerrdarvot the Navy, for the payment of prize money
to the officers and crew ot tho K^arsansc.
Ij.v .Mi . IjEAMAN : The pet it ion of llenry "Huff, and
•17 nthuis inhabitants of 1 lill-dale count v. Michigan,
praying for increased duty on all unwashed ioieigu
wools.
Also, the petition of Tl. N. ftawley, and 77 others,
inhabitants of the svtie county, to the same effect.
Abo,the p<h!ionoi \V. \V. Upliain, and 5'J others,
inluibjtciiiH ot the Miiise county, to the sumo effect.
Also, the petition of Altrcd Wilkerson and 2.">1
others,inluibilant-j ofiJuudce, Monroecounty, Michi-
gan, pr.i>ni'.r lor increased duty on all unwashed
lorebn woo!.-'.
Aho, the petition of George W. Moore, and 40 oth-
ers, citizens <.f Medina. Lenawee county, Michigan,
pia> in<; tor an increased duty on foreign wool.
A*l>o, the petition of Alexander Hewitt, and 53 oth-
er?, citizens oi the township oi Allen. Hill "dale county,
.Michigan, praying for an increased duty on foreign
"jiy'Mr. BODY: The petition of S. D. Kggleston,
and-10 others, citizen^ and laboiers ot and at Hope
l^uinace, Vinton county, Ohio, tor an inerea^o of tho
tariff.
By Mr. OONKLING: The remonstrance of citizen*
of Utiea. New Vork, yiraitM the bdl pendiugm Oou-
gro--; to reorganize the IVde' a 1 judiciary.
By Mr. DA VIS. The petition of A. F. V-'ileox, John
Kekcr. and others, eiti/.ens oi Oru-ndaga county,
New V'oi k, piaying ior additional protection to Amer-
ican wool.
