1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
381
Laws of the United States.
39th Cong.,..1st Sess.
ton and Georgetown to pay over to the trustees
of colored schools of said cities sucli a propor-
tionate part of all moneys received or expended
for school or educational purposes in said cities,
including the cost of sites, buildings, improve-
ments, furniture, and books, and all other ex-
penditures on account of schools, as the col-
ored children between the ages of six and seven-
teen years, in the respective cities, bear to the
whole number of children, white and colored,
between the same ages. That the money shall
be considered due and payable to said trustees
on the first day of October of each year, and
if not then paid over to them, interest at the
rate of ten per centum per annum on the amount
unpaid may be demanded and collected from
the authorities of the delinquent eity by said
trustees.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
said trustees may maintain an action of debt in
the supreme court of the District of Columbia
against said cities of Washington and George-
town for the non-payment of any sum of money
arising under the aforesaid act of June twenty -
five, eighteen hundred and sixty-four.
Approved, July 23, 1866.
Ciiap. CCXVIII.—An Act to incorporate the
Metropolitan Mining and Manufacturing
Company.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That John Ford, George
D. Williams, Thomas W. Hyde, Oliver Ed-
wards, Charles H. Herd, Samuel A. Pulton,
Charles Otis, Charles A. Ecleston, George W.
Holmes, Joseph E. Hollis, John P. Broadhead,
and Lewis P. Moody, or any five of them, be,
and are hereby, authorized and empowered to
receive subscriptions to the capital stock of a
corporation to be denominated the Metropoli-
tan Mining and Manufacturing Company of the
District of Columbia, who shall open a book
for that purpose in the city of Washington, at
the time and place to be by them designated,
of which they shall give five days' notice in two
or more of the daily papers of said city, and
shall keep the same open until twenty thousand
shares of one hundred dollars a share each
shall have been subscribed; and any person of
lawful age, and a citizen of the United States,
shall be permitted to subscribe upon paying
five dollars on each share at the time of sub-
scribing. And it shall be lawful for the said
corporation to have a common seal, sue and
be sued, plead and be impleaded, and have and
exercise all the rights, privileges, and immu-
nities for the purpose of the corporation hereby
created.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
affairs of the company shall be managed by nine
directors, to be elected annually by ballot on
the second Monday of July, by the stockhold-
ers or by their legally empowered agents; and
each share of stock shall entitle the holder
thereof to one vote; the election to be held at
the office of the company at a general meetin
of the stockholders convened for that purpose,
by ten days' public notice in two or more of
the daily papers of the eity of Washington:
Provided, That the first election for directors
shall be held pursuant to five days' notice given
in one or more of the daily papers of the city
of Washington by the persons named in the first
section of this act, or any five of them, who shall
designate the time when and the place where
said election shall be held ; and the stockhold-
ers shall then and there elect nine directors to
serve until the next ensuing election and until
their successors shall be duly elected and Qual-
Tfied as provided for in this acU And at the
first ensuing meeting of the directors after
every election they shall appoint one of their
number as president, who shall hold office
until the election and qualification of his suc-
cessor. And five members of said board shall
compose a quorum. And in case that an elec-
tion for directors should not be made when
pursuant to this act it should have been made,
the company for that cause shall not be dis-
solved; and it shall be lawful within forty days
thereafter to hold and make an electiori for
directors in such manner as the by-laws of the
company may prescribe, and the president and
directors for the time being shall be continued
in offiee until such election take place. And
in the event of the death, resignation, or re-
moval of any director from office, his place for
the remainder of his term may be filled by the
president and directors for the time being, in
such manner as the by-laws may prescribe.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
president and directors shall have power to ap-
point a secretary and such other officers, agents,
and clerks as may to them appear proper, to fix
their compensation, and pay the same.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
capital stock shall be called in and paid in such
installments and proportions, and at such times
and places, as the president and directors, for
the time being, may require and designate. And
if any stockholder, subscriber, their assignee or
transferee, shall refuse or neglect to pay sueh
proportion or installment at the time and place
appointed, such stockholder, subscriber, trans-
feree, or assignee shall, at the option of the
president and directors, forfeit to the use of
the company all his, her, or their right, title,
and interest in and to every share on which
such installments have not been duly paid; and
fresh subscriptions may be opened for the said
shares in such manner as the by-laws may pre-
scribe, or the president and directors may, at
their option, commence suit for any installment
that may be due and unpaid, and recover against
the holder of said stock for the amount of the
same: Provided, That no stockholder or sub'
scriber shall be permitted to vote at any elec-
tion for directors or at any general or special
meeting of the company, on whose shares any
installments or arrearages may-be due more
than fifteen days previous thereto.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
president and directors for the time being shall
have power to ordain, establish, and put in
execution sueh rules, regulations, ordinances,
and by-laws as they may deem essential for the
well-government of the institution, not contrary
to the laws and Constitution of the United
States or of any State, or of this act, and gen-
erally to do and perform all acts, matters, and
things which a corporation may or can law-
fully do.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the
president and directors are hereby empowered
and fully authorized, on behalf of said com-
pany, to carry on the business of mining for
iron ore and other native minerals, and manu-
facturing and preparing the same for market;
and to purchase and hold by deed for a term or
in fee-simple such real estate and other prop-
erty within the District of Columbia and State
of Virginia as may be necessary and propcrfor
the purposes aforesaid; and to issue bonds not
exceeding one half of tne capital stock, upon
such terms as may be deemed for the best in-
terests of the company: Provided, That no bond
shall be issued for a less sum than one hundred
dollars, or bearing interest at a rate exceeding
six per centum per annum.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the
president and directors are hereby empowered
and fully authorized, on behalf of said com-
pany, to lease, demise, bargain, sell, and con-
vey any lands and real estate which may be
owned or held by said company, and to execute
and deliver to purchasers good and sufficient
deeds therefor.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the
stock of said company shall be transferred on
the books of the company in such manner
only as the by-laws of the company shall di-
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That noth-
ing in this act shall be so construed as making
it perpetual, but Congress may at any time
alter, amend, or repeal the same.
Approved, July 23, 1866.
Chap. CCXIX.—An Act to quiet Land Titles
in California.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Mep
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That in all cases where
the State of California has heretofore made
selections of any portion of the public domain
in part satisfaction of any grant made to said
State by any act of Congress, and has disposed
of the same to purchasers in good faith under
her laws, the lands so selected shall be, and
hereby are, confirmed to said State: Provided,
That no selection made by said State contrary
to existing laws shall be confirmed by this act
for lands to which any adverse preemption,
homestead, or other right has, at the date of
the passage of this act, been acquired by any
settler under the laws of the United States, or
to any lauds which have been reserved for
naval, military, or Indian purposes by the
United States, or to any mineral land, or to
any land held or claimed under any valid Mex-
ican or Spanish grant, or to any land which, at
the time of the passage of this act, was included
within the limits of any city, town, or village,
or within the county of San Francisco: And
provided further, That the State of California
shall not receive under this act a greater quan-
tity of land for school or improvement pur-
poses than she is entitled to by law.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That
where the selections named in section one of
this act have been made upon land which has
been surveyed by authority of the United States,
it shall be the duty of the proper authorities of
the State, where the same has not already been
done, to notify the register of the United States
land office for the district in which the land is
located of such selection, which notice shall be
regarded as the date of the State selection, and
the Commissioner of the General Land Office
shall, immediately after the passage of this act,
instruct the several local registers to forward
to the General Land Offiee, after investigation
and decision, all such selections, which, iffound
to be in accordance with scction one of this
act, the Commissioner shall certify over to the
State in the usual manner.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That
where the selections named in section one of
this act have been made from lands which have
not been surveyed by authority of the United
States, but which selections have been surveyed
by authority of and under the laws ol said State,
and the land sold to purchasers in good faith
under the laws of the State, such selections
shall, from the date of the passage of this act,
when marked off and designated in the field,
have the same force and efiect as the preemp-
tion rights of a settlor upon unsurveyed public
land; and if, upon survey of such lands by the
United States, the lines of the two surveys
shall be found not to agree, the selection shall
be so changed as to include those legal subdi-
visions which nearest conform to the identical
land included in the State survey and selection.
Upon the filing with the register of the proper
United States land office of the township plat
in which any such selection of unsurveyed land
is located, the holder of the State title shall be
allowed the same time to present and proveup
his purchase and claim under this act as is al-
lowed preemptors under existing laws ; and it
found in accordance with section one of this
act, the land embraced therein shall be certi-
fied over to the State by the Commissioner of
the General Land Office. .
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, lliat in
all cases where township surveys have been, or
shall hereafter be, made under authority of the
United States, and the plats thereof approved,
it shall be the duty of the Commissioner ot the
General Land Office to certify over to the State
