882
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 24,
39th Costg.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
of California, as swampand overflowed, allthe
lands represented as such, upon such approved
plats, within one year from the passage of this
act, or within one year from the return and
approval of such township plats. The Com-
missioner shall direct the United States sur-
veyor general for the State of California to
examine the segregation maps and surveys of
the swamp and overflowed lands made by said
State ; and where he shall find them to con-
form to the system of surveys adopted by the
United States, he shall construct and approve
township plats accordingly, and forward to the
General Land Office for approval: Provided,
That in segregating large bodies of land, noto-
riously and obviously swamp and overflowed,
it shall not be necessary to subdivide the same,
but to run the exterior lines of such body of
land. In ease such State surveys are found not
to be in accordance with the system of United
States surveys, and in such other townships as
no survey has been made by the United States,
the Commissioner shall direct the surveyor
general to make segregation surveys, upon ap-
plication to said surveyor general by the Gov-
ernor of said State, within one year of such
application, of all the swamp and overflowed
land in such townships, and to report thesame
to the General Land Office, representing and
describing what land was swamp and overflowed
under the grant, according to the best evidence
he can obtain. If the authorities of said State
shall claim as swamp and overflowed any land
not represented as such upon the map or in the
returns of the surveyors, the character of such
land at the date of the grant, September twenty-
eight, eighteen hundred and fifty, and the right
to the same, shall be determined by testimony,
to be taken before the surveyor general, who
shall decide the same, subject to the approval
of the Commissioner of the General Land Office.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That it
shall be the duty of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office to instruct the officers of
the local land offices and the surveyor general,
immediately after the passage of this act, to
forward lists of all selections made by the State
referred to in section one of this act, and lists
and maps of all swamp and overflowed lands
claimed by said State, or surveyed as provided
in this act, for final disposition and determina-
tion, which final disposition shall be made by the
Commissioner of the General Land Office with-
out delay.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That an
act entitled "An act to provide for the survey
of the public lands in California, the granting
of preemption rights therein, and for otherpur-
poses," approved March third, one thousand
eight hundred and fifty-three, shall be construed
as giving the State of California the right to
select for^ school purposes other lands in lieu
of such sixteenth and thirty-sixth sections as
were settled upon prior to survey, reserved for
public uses, covered by grants made under
Spanish or Mexican authority, or by other pri-
vate claims, or where such sections would be
so covered if the lines of the public surveys
were extended over such lands, which shall be
determined whenever township lines shall have
been extended over such land, and in case of
Spanish or Mexican grants, when the final sur-
vey of such grants shall have been made. The
surveyor general for the State of California
shall furnish the State authorities with lists of
all such sections so covered, as a basis of se-
lection, such selections to be made from sur-
veyed lands, and within the same land district
as the section for which the selection is made.
Sec. 7. Andbeit further enacted, Thatwhere
persons in good faith, and for a valuable con-
sideration, have purchased lands of Mexican
grantees or assigns, which grants have subse-
quently been rejected, or where the lands so
purchased have been excluded from the final
survey of any Mexican grant, and have used,
improved, and continued in the actual posses-
sion of the same as according to the lines of
their original purchase, and where no valid
adverse right or title (except of the United
States) exists, such purchasers may purchase
the same, after having such lands surveyed
under existing laws, at the minimum price es-
tablished by law, upon first making proof of
the facts as required in this section, under regu-
lations to be provided by the Commissioner of
the General Land Office, joint entries being
admissible by conterminous proprietors to such
an extent as will enable them to adjust their
respective boundaries: Provided, Thatthe pro-
visions of this scction shall not be applicable
to the city and county of San Francisco : Pro-
vided, That the right to purchase herein given
shall not extend to lands containing mines of
gold, silver, copper, or cinnabar: Provided,
That whenever it shall be made to appear by
petition from the occupants of such land that
injury to permanent improvements would result
from running the lines of the public surveys
through such permanent improvements, the
Commissioner of the General Land Office may
recognize existing lines of subdivisions.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That in
all cases where a claim to land by virtue of a
right or title derived from the Spanish or Mex-
ican authorities has been finally confirmed, and
a survey and plat thereof shall not have been
requested within ten months from the passage
of this act, as provided by sections six and
seven of the act of July.first, eighteen hundred
and sixty-four, "to expedite the settlement of
titles to lands in the State of California," and
in all cases where a like claim shall hereafter
be finally confirmed, and a survey and plat
thereof shall not be requested, as provided by
said sections within ten months after the passage
of this act. or any final confirmation hereaf-
ter made, it shall be the duty of the surveyor
general of the United States for California, as
soon as practicable after the expiration of ten
months from the passage of this act, or such
final confirmation hereafter made, to cause the
lines of the public surveys to be extended over
such land, and he shall set off, in full satisfac-
tion of such grant, and according to the lines
of the public surveys, the quantity of land con-
firmed in such final decree, and as nearly as
can be done in accordance with such decree:
and all the land not included in such grant as
so set off shall be subject to the general land
laws of the United States: Provided, That
nothing in this act shall be construed so as in
any manner to interfere with the right of bona
fide preemption claimants.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted. That from
the decrees of the district courtsof the Uni-
ted States for the district of California, approv-
ing or correcting the surveys of private land
claims under Spanish or Mexican grants, ren-
dered after the first day of July, one thousand
eight hundred and sixty-five, an appeal shall be
allowed for theperiod of one year after the entry
of such decrees to the circuit court of the Uni-
ted States for California, as provided by sec-
tion three of the act of July first, one thousand
eight hundred and sixty-four, to expedite the
settlement of titles to land in the State of Cal-
ifornia, and the decision of the circuit court
shall be final: Provided, however, That from
decrees of the district courts, as aforesaid,
made after July one, eighteen hundred and
.sixty-five, and prior to the passage of this act,
an appeal may be taken to the United States
circuit court for the State of California within
one year from the approval of this act.
Approved, July 23, 1866.
Chap. CCXXX.—An Act to aid in the Con-
struction of Telegraph Lines, and to Secure
to the Government the use of the same for
postal, military, and other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That any telegraph com-
pany now organized, or which may hereafter be
organized under the laws of any State in this
Union, shall have the right to construct, main-
tain, and operate lines of telegraph through
and over any portion of the public domain of
the United States, over and along any of the
military or post roads of the United States
which have been or may hereafter be declared
such by %et of Congress, and over, under, or
across the navigable streams or waters of the
United States: Provided, That such lines of
telegraph shall be so constructed and main-
tained as not to obstruct the navigation of such
streams and waters, or interfere with the ordi-
nary travel on such military or post roads. And
any of said companies shall have the right to
takcand use from such public lands the neces-
sary stone, timber, and other materials for its
posts, piers, stations, and other needful uses in
the construction, maintenance, and operation
of said lines of telegraph, and may preempt
and use such portion of the unoccupied public
lands subject to preemption through which its
said lines of telegraph may be located as may
be necessary for its stations, not exceeding
forty acres for each station ; but such stations
shall not be within fifteen miles of each other.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That tel-
egraphic communications between the several
departments of the Government of the United
States and their officers and agents shall, in
their transmission over the lines of any of said
companies, have priority over all other busi-
ness, and shall be sent at rates to be annually
fixed by the Postmaster General.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
rights and privileges hereby granted shall not
be transferred by any company acting under
this act to any other corporation, association,
or person: Provided, however, Thatthe Uni-
ted States may at any time after the expiration
of five years from the date of the passage of
this act, for postal, military, or other purposes,
purchase all the telegraph lines, property, and
effects of any or all of said companies at an
appraised value, to be ascertained by five com-
petent, disinterested persons, two of whom
shall be selected by the Postmaster General
of the United States, two by the company
interested, and one by the four so previously
selected.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That be-
fore any telegraph company shall exercise any
of the powers or privileges conferred by this
act, such company shall file their written accept-
ance with the Postmaster General of the restric-
tions and obligations required by this act.
Approved, July 24, 1866.
Chap. CCXXXI.—An Act to define the Num-
ber and regulate the Appointment of Officers
in the Navy, and for other purposes.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, Thatthe number allowed
in each grade of line officers on the active
list of the Navy shall be one admiral, one
vice admiral, ten rear admirals, twenty-five
commodores, fifty captains, ninety command-
ers, one hundred and eighty lieutenant com
manders, one hundred and eighty lieutenants,
one hundred and sixty masters, one hundred
and sixty ensigns, and in other grades the num-
ber now allowed by law: Provided, That the
increase in the grades authorized by this act
shall be made by selection from the grade next
below of officers who have rendered the most
efficient and faithful service during the recent
war, and who possess the highest professional
qualifications and attainments. And nothing
in this act shall preclude the advancement in
rank now authorized by law for distinguished
conduct in battle, or for extraordinary^ hero-
ism: And provided further, That nothing in
this act, nor in the fourteenth section of the
act approved July sixteenth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-two, entitled "An act to establish and
equalize the grade of the line officers of the
