1862
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
Abo, the petition of H. Edwards, Hiram Eaton,
and 181 othen, cm/ens of Onondaga county, Now
York.u^kmti increased pioteciion to American wool.
By DAWSON: The petitionof theXuLuhmalic
and Anu<iu;in.ui Society, of Philadelphia, lor the
promotion ol numi^isiaiiv; oCience and antiquarian
l>y Air. DKLAXO: The; petition of Millard Gra-
ham, ami 100 oiii^rs, citizen^ and wo<d-growers of
Onto, praym* tor a a increased duty on lureign wools
and for the protection oi "wool-'jiowcr? ot Ohio.
By Mr. l>UUiOB: The petition of P. W. Anthony,
1). P. Wuite, and others, eituons of Ontonagon
counlj, Lake rfapeiior, ^Michigan, praying lor anni-
ented duty on foreign copper.
APo, the petition ot G-.Townscnd, Thomas Dayton,
and 10. others, citizens oi G-euecCccounty, Michigan,
praying for an increa^d duty on wool.
By Air. i'AKNSU'OKTil: The peution of a Iar&e
number of citizens of JUeiieury county, Illinois, ior
an increased tariff on wool.
_Ai>o, th  petition ot Sylvanus Town, and other?,
citizens of Aurora, Illinois, lor uniform insurance
iinva". ,
ljv Mr. PERRY : The memorial of citizens of Em-'
me. county, -Michigan, praying lor :i reiteration to
mfirkt'C of reserved raihoad iaiuU, and proceeds ap-
plied to railroad purpose.*.
_ Jj/_M.r. HO-lOiIKlrfS: The memorial of brewers of
Jj>in';'hainton, Now Vork, a -kin^c tint the dnfy on'oar-
ley may not exceed live cents.
Ai'fo, the petition ot 6±\) late soldiers in the Union
Anny, li\mi Tompkms county, Xuw York, tor an
equalization ot'bounfios.
ijy Atr. ivKTCli AM: ^Thp petition of citi7ens of
Columbia cuanty, j^ew Xuik, for lurthcr protection
on AmctivanyraaL
J)y.Ur. LONG YEAR: The petition of J. Den^more,
and 7o oilier?, citizens ol Ingham county, Michigan,
asking tor an increased duty on wool.
Alfci), the petition ot A. Parker,and 300 other*, citi-
*/.en?tot Ingham county, iUiehijran, a-kni^ ior an ex-
tension ot the Amboy, i;anjuif/, and Traverse l>u>
land jrrant to 1 hc-onip"in> oi taai naioo,
13y .Mr. 31All\ IN : Threw several pet uions of citi-
zens ot iSututoga couMy, JNew York, ior the parage
of law R^uiaun'.' mter-.'rcatc ii.Mirance.
Al-o. ot 40 uii/ras ci Sarato?.). county, New "Yoik,
for an increased duij, on torouai w^oL
By AJr. )ieCLC[v(-r: 'the petition ol citizens of 3H--
couri. lor tho cn-ietiurnt ol Jaw-j tor the regulation of
insurance;* of alt kinds.
• By ALr. PAINE: Tue petition of George llulhert
and otheis, wtixena of NYa^orioid, \Y :conbm, lor
imposition of sp^eiiio dmies on tor<p<m wools.
Aloo, tUc petition, ot llov. W. 1J. Stone, late chap-
lain oi the fwenty-s>e\en! n Wisconsin regiment, lor
payment^ui- .-er\ \te*.
Also, the petition of /. G. Suanion?, and others,
citizens of Keni'.-.iia, \\ l.^on-iin, lor enactment of a
law retruhim? insurance in the several ^t«ies.
By .M;-, PiKP: Tho petition ot Jamc^ L. Parmer,
and .*> others, oi .Maine, tor appropriation to pny the
otheeis ana cicw ol the Kear^arge the value of the
Aiaoama.
Iiy Mr. PLANTS: The petition of 1*31 citi/cn^ and
wool-growers of .Morgan county, Ohio, asking such
additional duties upon foreign wool as will give
efhcienf protection io that.important interest.
By JSIi. POME ROY: Threw .several petitions of cit-
izens ol Cayuga county, New York, lor an increased
dul> ou foreign wool.
AKo, oi citizen* of Wayne covmty, New York, foi
a law oi Conp:re-s regulating inter-State insurances.
ANo.ofeitizen.^ of .Seneca, New York, tor extension
ot patent^br corn-sheller to Tnuina:; 1). Burrelh of
Geneva, N«xw "v <irk.
By Mr, PCtCCL: The memorial ami joint resolution
of the L^iftiature of the Mate of Iowa, a^iins for a
grant of land to aid in the construction ot a raAioad
Irotn the Aorrh MU.ouii raihoad, on the southern
line oi Lowa, to (>dar Itapids, Iowa.
5r'* ?A\T;AU, of Pennsylvania: The peti-
tion of Louis V.Bouich, of Philadelphia, late second
lieutenant, company B, nineteenth Pennsylvania vol-
iiutcerca.vau-y,nin(i\minths,difi.erence pay and allow- !
and 49 others;, citizens of Fairhaven, Rutland coimty,
Vermont, praying lor an increased duty on foreign
wool.
Al?o, the petition of Lewis ITurlburt. and 41 others,
citizens of tho town of Pinisburg. Addison county,
Vermont, praying for an increased duty on foreign
wool.
Also, tho petition of Samuel S. Kclton, and 43
others, citizens of East Alontpelier, Washington
county, Vermont, asking for an increased duty on
foreign wooL
Also, the petition of James K. Hyde, and 24 others,
citizens of JSudbmy, Rutland county, Vermont, pray-
ing for an increased duty on wool.
By Mr. V'EN'lAVOllTll; Resolutions froxri the
Chicago Board of Trade, in favor of a ship-canal
around the talis of Niagara.
Also, the petition of invalid soldiers, praying for
an increase of their pensions.
otheis, of Pulton county, Illinois, ask 5ng for the'pas-
sage ot umtom hvws for the regulation of inter-Stato
insurances of alt Jand?.
By Mr. 6C11ENCK: The petition of (>7 citizens, of
Kentucky, tor an ec.uali/,ation ol bounth s.
Al-o, the petition ol' Itiscitizens of Illinois, for an
tu?zah;7<i/ion oi bounties.
Bv Air. ^PALpiN"G; The petition of I. Park Aiex:-
andsr, and^bj otiier?, v in/,cnf of Buuimitcountv, Ohio
mostly ii>rmpr<, asking ior further protection to wool-
growers, in tif- saapcot an increased tariff on im-
ported_y,''V) ard a tax on dogs.
By Mr. I PaOX: Tho portion of L. P. Hale, D. B
Dennis, J. B. Urippon. and ^ ethers, citizens oi Cold-
water, Michig.ii), praying (Congress to nass laws to
regulate mta-orato in-ui ancc^.
By Mr, \ AN 110KN, Ot New Yot 1:: Two petitions
trom W vouinigcounty.andonchom Gcne-eecounty,
rs ew Y ork, coataining 213 name.-, asking an increased
cluty on wool. *"■
M^' V> Oi)T>nBIl)GE: The petition of lion. Pitt
\V.ily,te, and 170 others, eitirens of Oastlcton, Eut-
laud county, "\ ermont, praying lor an increased dutv
on lorejcsn wool.
_Also, the petition of Harmon Myers, and 11 others,
cozens ox Pownnl, Bennington county, Vermont,
praying fox an increased dutv on foreign woo], ;
Also, rhe peti'ion_of Hannibal "Woodruff, and 40 j
otheis, citizens oi Tinmouth, llutland county, V r- 1
mu.u, praying for an increased duty on foreign wool. (
Also, me potation of Uoa. WilUaia 0. Kiltetidgo, I
IX SENATE.
TcrsDdY. April 10, 18C6.
Prayer by the Chaplain. Rev. K FT. Gray.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
PETITIONS AXD MEMORIALS.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer a petition which, is
headed by William Gilmore Simms, of South
Carolina, who gives his occupation as author,
and which has also the signatures of several
other citizens of South Carolina, asking Con-
gress to enact an international copyright law.
[ n<k the reference of the petition to the Com
mi ftee on Foieign Relations.
It was so referred.
Mr. BROtt'V preserved a petition of four
hundred and forty-ihree citizens of Pittsburg
and vicinity, and also tho petition of eighty-
one citizens of Atieghany county, Pennsylva-
nia, praying that eight hours may lie considered
a legal day's work; which were referred to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
KtPOKTS or COJI.lIITTJiES.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, from the Committee
on Pensions, to whom was referred the petition
of Mrs. Emeraneo Goulcr, praying for a pen-
sion, submitted a report accompanied by a bill
(S. No. -GO) granting a pension to Mrs' Eme-
raneo Gouler. The bill was read and passed
to a second reading, and theieport was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred a bill CII. It.
No. 21-1) for the benefit of Colonel 11. E. Bry-
ant, reported it without amendment, and sub-
mitted a report in writing, which was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 243) to extend the time for the rever-
sion to the United States of the lands granted
by Congyess fo a-rl in the construction of a
railroad from Amboy by Hillsdale and Lansing
to some point on or near Traverse bay in the
State of Michigan, and for the completion of
said road, have instructed me to report it back
with a substitute, and to move that the bill and
substitute be printed and recommitted.
The motion was agreed to,
Mr. VAN WINKLE, from the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads, to whom was
■referred the bill (H. I'. No. 281) to'amend the
postal laws, reported it with amendments.
He ftlso, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (S. No. 70) to amend tho
postal laws, asked fo be discharged from its
further consideration; which was agreed to.
C'OAST SURVEY KEPOfiT.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am instructed by the
Committee on Printing, to whom was referred
a resolution to print forty-two hundred copies
of the report of the Superintendent of the Coast
Survey, to report it back with an amendment;
and I am also instructed to ask for its present
consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution:
o) the Senate, ami three thousand copies tor distribu-
tion by the Si-verintendent of tho Const Survey.
The amendment reported by the committee
was, in the fourth linn to strike out "twelve
hundred" and insert "one thousand,'' and in
tho fifth line to strike out "three" and insert
11 one so that the resolution will read:
Jtexohed, That there be printed of the report, of the
Superintendent of the United States Coast Survey, for
theyoar 18(55, one thousandcopies extra tor tho uVc of
the Senate, and one thousand copies tor disfiibutiou
by the Superintendent of the Coast Survey.
Mr. ANTHONY. This amendment reduces
the number something more tlian one half. It
docs not of course reduce the expense in the
same proportion, because tho engraving and
the type-setting constitute the large part of the
expense. The work is of exceedingly great
value to the security of navigation, property,
and life. The committee were somewhat re-
luctant to reduce the number; but in pursuance
of the general system of economy which they
have, adopted and which seems to meet the
approbation of the Senate, they concluded to
report less than one half the usual number.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution as amended was adopted.
TENSION BUSINESS.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, from the Committee
on Pensions, reported the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Iiewloed, That Friday next, the 13th instant, after
tho looming hour, be aligned and set apart for the
consideration of bills and reports trom theCominittee
on Pensions.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. MORGAN submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
liesolrcd, That the vacancy in tho Committee on
Commeiee. occasioned by the decease of lion. Solo-
mon Foot, be iilled by the President of the Senate.
&VGVSTW AMIOT.
Mr. HARRIS. I am instructed by the Com-
mit fee on Private Land Claims, to whom was
referred'the bill (H. It. No. 30-11 to confirm
unto Augustin Amiot, his legal assigns and rep-
resentatives, a certain lot of ground in the city
of St. Louis, in the State of 31 issouri, to report
it back and recommend its passage.
It will take hut a moment to dispose of the
bill, and I ask for action on it now.
By unanimous consent the bill (H. R. No.
304) to confirm unto Augustin Amiot, his legal
assigns and representatives, a certain lot of
ground in the city of St. Louis, in the State of
Missouri, was considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It recites that under the act of
Congress approved June 22,18G0, entitled "An
act for the final adjustment of private land
claims in the States of Florida. Louisiana, and
Missouri, and for otherpurposes," the recorder
of land titles for the city of St. Louis has
reported to the Commissioner of the General
Land Office that there ought to be confirmed
to Augustin Amiot, or to his legal represent-
atives. under class one, under the third sec-
tion of that act, the lot of ground in the town
| of St. Louis, Missouri, described as follows:
commencing at the northwest corner of the
lot in block number forty-six, being the north-
west corner of the block at the intersection of
Sycamore and Second streets; thence south
fifty-one degrees forty-one minutes east, along
the south edge of Sycamore street to the north-
ern boundary of the lot- one hundred and sixty
leet five inches, the northeast corner of the lot
at the south edge ot Sycamore street: thence
south thirty degrees thirty mitiule.^ west, along
the eastern boundary of the lot, one hundred
and twenty-eight feet four inches, the south-
east corner of the lot ; thence north fifty-eight
degrees forty-one minutes west, along throat It-
em boundary of the lot, one hundred and sixty
feet five inches, the southwest corner of the lot
at the east edge of Second street; thence north
thirty degrees thirty minutes east, along the
east edgo of Second street to the western bound-
ary of the lot, one hundred and twenty-eight
feet four inches, the beginning north west, cor-
ner of the lot, the lot being one hundred and
twenty by one hundred and fifty French feet:
andthat the Commissioner of the General Lana
