3782
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 13,
«aid, I think he must be convinced of one of
two things: either I have not stated the facts
correctly, or the contestant is 13 votes in. the
minority by the showing of his own paper.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If the gentletnan will al-
low me to interrupt liim, I desire to say that if
he will turn to the record in the case, for in-
stance, of the vote in McClellan hospital, he
will find on pages 6 and 7 the return properly
signed, giving the names of the voters. It is
true that-the certificate of the oaths is wanting
there; but this will be found fully given on
page 880.
Mr. DAWES. There are two returns from
McClellan hospital; one for Westmoreland
county, the other for Fayette or Indiana county.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman is think-
ing of the returns from Lincoln hospital.
Mr. DAWES. Well, Mr. Speaker, I prefer
to allow the contestant the benefit of those
3 votes, still leaving the sitting member with a
clear majority, rather than detain the House
by a minute examination of that matter.
This case, Mr. Speaker, has been examined
by the committee with a patience and assiduity
which, I venture to say, nave scarcely a paral-
lel in investigations of this character. The
committee waived in behalf of the contestant
every difficulty and objection which they possi-
bly could waive in order to reach the merits
of the case. The several gentlemen from Penn-
sylvania who have advocated the claims of the
contestant with so much zeal and ability have
directed their attention to various returns con-
nected with this case, but no one" of those gen-
tlemen has even looked at the contestant's own
brief. They all appear to have been ignorant
of its existence until I called their attention to
it here in the House. I have taken up that
brief and have, I think, shown conclusively
that the contestant on his own showing did
not receive a majority of all the votes of the
district.
There are other papers in this case to which
I might refer in confirmation of the position
which I have taken; but at this late hour I
will not tax my own strength or the patience
of the House by dwelling upon them. I re-
peat, that this case presents no question about
disfranchising soldiers. I affirm that it is im-
possible to make out a majority of votes for
the contestant unless you count votes which
were cast for other officers, or count the same
votes twice, or count votes which have no au-
thentication whatever. I leave this case to the
good judgment and good sense of each mem-
ber of the House.
Mr. PAINE. I am informed that the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] and
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Shellabarger]
desire to speak on this question. If they do
I will yield the floor to them. If not I will
call for the previous question to-morrow after
the morning hour.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I do not want to
say anything this afternoon, but if permitted I
may want to say a -word or two to-morrow.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
the previous question. .
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the main question
was ordered; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The Salter motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. PAINE, (at
five o'clock and five minutes p. m,,) the House
adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, arc., were presented under
the rule and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. BROOMALL: The petition of citizens of
Chester county, in the State of Pennsylvania, asking
for such change in the tax and tariff laws as will pro-
tect American labor against foreign competition.
By Mr. MOORHEAD: A petition from citizens of
Alleghany county, Pennsylvania, praying for in-
creased protection to American labor.
By Mr. SCHENCK: The memorial of the Rev. J.
Eastburn Brown, rector of the Protestant Episcopal
Mission chapel in Georgetown, District of Columbia,
asking for an amendment to the law in relation to
the residence of vestrymen.
Also, the petition of H. B. Lacy, late major United
States volunteers, praying relief for losses of property
and vouchers taken and destroyed without fault or
negligence on his part.
IN SENATE.
Friday, July 13, 1866.
Prayer by Rev. Dr. Hiscox, of New York
city.
On motion of Mr. EDMUNDS, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
petitions and memorials.
Mr." MORGAN presented five memorials
from dealers in hardware and cutlery in New
York, Boston, and Philadelphia, remonstrat-
ing against the excessive duties imposed by
the tariff bill; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
reports from committees.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom were referred various
petitions and memorials concerning land grants
in the southern Stateswhich expire in 1806, re-
ported a bill (S. No. 422) to revise and extend
certain of the provisions of an act approved
the 3d day of June, 1856, entitled "An act
granting public lands in alternate sections to
the State of Alabama, to aid in the construc-
tion of certain railroads in said State and for
other purposes;" and a bill (S. No. 423) amend-
atory of the act granting public lands in alter-
nate sections to the States of Florida and Ala-
bama, to aid in the construction of railroads in
said States, approved May 17, 1856. The bills
were severally read a first time by their titles
and passed to a second reading.
Mr. GUTHRIE. Iam directedby the Com-
mittee on Finance, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 379) to amend the several acts to
indemnify the States for expenses incurred by
them in defense of the United States, and also
a resolution, to report an amendment to the
bill as a substitute for the bill and resolution ;
and I ask for its present consideration.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope we shall be allowed
to complete the morning business, and there-
fore I trust the bill will not be considered now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to the present consideration of
the bill?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir; I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempoi'e. Objection
being made, the bill cannot be considered on
the day it is reported.
Mr. GUTHRIE, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 115) respecting the payment of
interest upon the war debts due the loyal States,
asked to be discharged from its further consid-
eration.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 115) for the relief of John
Wells & Sons, of Baltimore, reported it with-
out amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 728) authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to issue certificates of registry or en-
rollment and license to certain vessels, reported
it without amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 629) for the benefit of William G. Lee,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. HARRIS, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 396) for promoting the growth of forest
trees on the public lands, reported it with
amendments.
Mr. DAYIS, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of Mary
E. Walker, M. D., praying for compensation
for services rendered by her to the Government
during the late rebellion, reported adversely
thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (H. R. No.
119) for the relief of Isaac Ramsey, internal
revenue collector for the eighth district of Ohio,
reported it with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (H. R. No.
170) for the relief of Caroline A. Randall, ad-
ministratrix and widow of Charles B. Randall,
deceased, reported it without amendment.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (S. No. 195) to amend an act
to provide for the payment of horses and other
property lost or destroyed in the military ser-
vice of the United States, approved March 3,
1849, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a joint resolution (S. R. No. 128)
in regard to contracts in the quartermaster's
department, reported it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (S. No. 41) explanatory of
certain joint resolutions therein named, giving
bounties to persons enlisting in the regular or
volunteer service of the United States ; and the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 13) respecting the
three months' extra pay to officers of volun-*
teers when mustered out of service, asked to be
discharged from their further consideration ;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, who were
instructed by a resolution of the Senate to in-
quire into the expediency of boards of exami-
nation for retiring certain officers of the regu-
lar Army, asked to be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the subject; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, who were
instructed by a resolution of the Senate to inquire
into the expediency of changing the law so as
to allow back pay and bounty due to colored
soldiers on the same proof of marriage required
by the act of July 4,1864, asked to be discharged
from the further consideration of the subject;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a memorial of J. B. Van Petten,
late a colonel and brevet brigadier general, and
a memorial of John L. Suess, late captain first
New York volunteer engineers, praying an ex-
tension of the provisions of the act of March.
3, 1865, relative to the three months' extra pay
to certain officers, asked to be discharged from
their further consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a petition of J. W. Cairns, G. D.
Phelps, jr., and others, praying for a certain
proportion of cavalry in the reorganized Army,
and a memorial of the executive committee of
the National EYeedmen's Relief Association
of the District of Columbia, praying an appro-
priation for the relief of " contrabands," so
called, asked to be discharged from their fur-
ther consideration; which was agreed to.
union pacific railroad.
Mr. HOWARD. The Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia,- to whom was re-
ferred a joint resolution (S. R. No. 125) grant-
ing the right of way through military reserves
to the Union Pacific Railroad Company and its.
branches, have had it under consideration, and
directed me to report it back to the Senate and
recommend its passage; and I beg to ask the
Senate to put the joint resolution on its pas-
sage now, because it is very necessary at this
time. I hope, therefore, that it will be con-
sidered at once.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the joint resolution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Has that resolution
come from any committee?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir; it is just re-
ported. *
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is re-
ported by tho Committee on Military A.ffairs
and the Militia.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it ought to be
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. POMEROY. I notice one feature in tho
