1864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
of Michigan, for the use and benefit of the "Lae La
Belle Harbor Improvement Company," a company
organized under and by virtue of the laws of the
State of Michigan, for the purpose of aiding in the
construction ot a ship-canal to connect the waters of
Lake Superior with the lake known as Lac LaBelle,
in s:<i'l State, fifty thousand acre- of the public lands
of the United States in the upper peninsula of Mich-
igan.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope that amendment
will not prevail. I think the.committee are
satisfied by this time that fifty thousand acres
are not enough.
Mr. POMEROY. There was some differ-
ence of opinion in the committee. The bill
called for one hundred thousand acres and
the committee reported fifty thousand acres.
I know the work is one of great importance,
and the quantity of land asked for, one hun-
dred thousand acres', is not very large ; still, I
agreed with the committee that fifty thousand
acres would approximate, perhaps, toward the
amount necessary, and that was the report of
the committee. If the Senate desire to make
the grant one hundred thousand acres the
committee will not resist it. I thought fifty
thousand was enough.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will state that the
lands granted by the bill are of poor quality,
and to make the grant of any value for the
purpose it should be at least one hundred
thousand acres. The Legislature of Wiscon-
sin and the Boards of Tiade of various cities
from Chicago to Philadelphia have petitioned
in favor of a grant for this purpose. It is a
matter of more importance to other States than
to the State of Michigan. I am. satisfied that
the amount originally asked for is the smallest
amount that will effect the object.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I could not concur with
the majority of the committee in reporting in
favor of this bill. I think the work is entirely
a local one, a neighborhood work, not general
in its character. This is a proposition to take
the public lands and use them for the purpose
of making a harbor where God has made none.
There is a little lake inside from the coast
about a mile and a half; and the proposition is
to make a canal from Lake Superior across to
that little lake, and that lake is to form a har-
bor for the accommodation of some miners in
that neighborhood. It is purely a local interest.
I think we might justas well undertake to make
a road across to a man's farm in some obscure
neighborhood. The probability is that copper
mines will eventually be developed in that
region so as to be of value and importance;
but at this time the evidence before the com-
mittee does not establish that this is a work of
general national importance.
If, however, it is the pleasure of the Senate
to pass the bill at all, I should doubt whether
less than one hundred thousand acres would
do much good. If we agree that this is a work
of sufficient importance to appropriate public
lands t.o it, I think we might just as well appro-
priate enough to make the work and to do it
in good style. If it is to be constructed, it
ought to be well constructed, and not go along
with a deficient fund all the while. The com-
mittee had no very reliable information as to
the cost of the work. We were substantially
without information on that subject. Nor had
we much information about the value of the
land in that neighborhood; but my opinion is
that the land is not very valuable, rather a pine
barren, sandy soil, and will not probably real-
ize much to the company when they come to
sell. My judgment is that if we appropriate
any lands we might as well appropriate one
hundred thousand acres : but with my view of
this work I cannot vote for the bill. I do not
think it is right for the General Government to
make harbors for purely local interests.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Indiana is quite right in saying that
one object of this bill is to secure a harbor at
the point where the appropriation is expected
to be applied. This Lac La Belle is a small
lake near the eastern extremity of what is known
as Point Keweenaw, a long promontory that
stretches into Lake Superior from the west.
In passing that promontory a vessel is unable
to find any harbor for a distance of from one
hundred and fifty to two hundred miles, accord-
ing to my best recollection. At all events, the
distance is very considerable, and the exposure
of vessels to danger upon the lake, especially
during the early and later part of the season
of navigation, is very great.
Now, sir, this little Lac La Belle is a small
lake about three miles long and a mile and a
half or two miles broad, with a very great depth
of pure clear water and is situated from Lake
Superior a distance of only about amile, accord-
ing to the best information which I can obtain,
so that the canal which is proposed to be cut
to unite the waters of the lake with those of
Lac La Belle will not probably be more than
one mile in length ; and the object of the bill
is to enable the State of Michigan to construct
that little canal so as to admit vessels that sail
the lake into this harbor, which will be the only
secure harbor for a great distance on the lake
shore. Indeed it will thus constitute the best
harbor upon Lake Superior. The length of that
lake, as gentlemen will recollect, is about four
hundred miles. It is not blessed with very
excellent harbors, and there are very few even
of the quality which exist.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him one question, which I do for
information?
Mr. HOWARD. Certainly.
Mr. HENDRICKS. As a work of general
importance I cannot see the utility of this, ex-
cept for the purpose suggested by the Senator
of making a harbor of refuge. Now, I ask the
Senator whether vessels could enter a canal
which is cut out from the lake from a straight
coast; whether, in the midst of a storm, vessels
could enter a canal of that sort so as to find a
harbor of refuge. I admit this little lake would
be a good harbor when a vessel could once
cpgtr there.
Mr. HOWARD. Undoubtedly they could
enter the canal, but for that purpose it would
be necessary in this case, as in all other similar
cases, that piers should be constructed out into
the lake in order to protect the vessels and
enable them to get into the canal. That is the
case with the canal at the Sault Ste. Marie, and
it is too familiar a principle to be enlarged upon
here. It will be necessary to construct piers
for that purpose, and that will also increase to
some degree the expense of the work. Sun-
dry private individual shave already commenced
this work, and have expended a considerable
sum of money; I am not able to state how much;
but they have been at work in good faith for
the purpose of connecting the waters of Lake
Superior with the waters of this little lake. I
hold in my hand an estimate which a very in-
telligent gentleman resident in the upper pen-
insula of Michigan has placed in my hands—a
gentleman who is as well acquainted, perhaps,
with the nature of this work and its probable
cost as any one who could be selected. Here
is his estimate:
Estimate of cost of construction of the ship-canal con-
necting Lake [superior with Lac La Belle.
For dredging canal and makin? part of the north
pier, a? pereontract, six hundred feet  $65,000
For making six hundred feet of south pier and
four hundred feet of cribs, to protect banks
of canal inside, as per contract  25,000
Estimated cost of exITnding hoth piers, and
for making protection to entrance of canal,
including materials, &c  60,000
Total cost §150,000
I have no doubt that it will exhaust the whole
of that sum in the end. The lands, as has been
very propeily remarked by my colleague, which
will be donated to the State for this purpose
are not very valuable lands; they will not bring
probably any of them more than the minimum
price of $1 25 an acre, and perhaps not even
that; but I do not know how that may be. I
am satisfied that the fifty thousand acres re-
ported by the committee will not be sufficient
to construct the work, and that ultimately we
shall be under the necessity of making a fur-
ther grant. I think we piay as well make a lib-
eral grant now as to be obliged to review the
subject hereafter and act upon it again.
Mr. STEWART. Allow me to make a sug-
gestion. I understand that these lands are not
very valuable now, and they will be principally
valuable for-their timber, but the timber can-
not very well be brought into use without a har-
bor at that point. Consequently the harbor will
make the timber valuable, and that is about
the only way any use can be made of that part
of the country.
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir; but the great value
of the canal will be as a place of refuge for
vessels sailing Lake Superior, which at certain
periods of the year is a very stormy and danger-
ous lake, so far as navigation is concerned, and
very deficient in harbors. Every year, as we
know, the interest of the mining companies in
that region is becoming greater and greater;
the commerce of the lake is increasing every
year, and it is becoming a very important thea-
ter of navigation and trade. Certainly if the
Government of the United States have power
to make any description of internal improve-
ment., and if it.be a rule, which I do not exactly
admit, that in every case the work must be of
national importance, I know of no case that
would come more completely within the rule
than that now under consideration. If it is
necessary to have good harbors upon the ocean
for the protection of our commerce; if it be
necessary to protect that commerce by means
of light-houses and other appliances of that
description, it is equally necessary in this case
to protect the commerce of that lake by giving
the owners of vessels a place of refuge to secure
their vessels and propertyin storms and in the
midst of the dangers of the lake. I look upon
it as decidedly a national work as can be se-
lected, so far as commerce and navigation are
concerned. I hope the amendment of the com-
mittee will not be adopted, and I hope the bill
will pass giving one hundred thousand acres of
land.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I wish,
if I can arrest the attention of the Senate for
a moment, to call their attention to the map
and to Lake Superior. The Keweenaw point
is just about in the middle of Lake Superior
from east to west. From this Keweenaw
point to Bayfield there is no harbor into which
vessels can enter with safety in storms, a dis-
tance probably of nearly three hundred miles.
Then from Keweenaw point going southward to
Keweenaw bay, which is an important point in
the upper peninsula of Michigan, it is from
one hundred to one hundred and fifty miles,
without a harbor also. The severe storms
which prevail on this lake are from the north-
east, and come driving down against Kewee-
naw point: and if, as is assumed by the com-
mittee, and as F have no doubt is true, the
opening of this canal into this little lake, Lac
La Belle, would produce a good harbor of
refuge, as near as that is to the north end of
Keweenaw point, it is a thing which certainly
ought to be done. If, by giving one hundred
thousand acres of the lands on the upper pen-
insula, we can secure that purpose, we shall
certainly secure a good purpose and a valuable
one to the commerce of that lake. We have
already given grants of land to build a rail-
road across the continent whose termination
is to be at the west end of Lake Superior.
This place on Lake Superior is, some day,
undoubtedly to be a place of large commerce
and business. This point is the place where
a harbor is essential on this coast. There is
no harbor of refuge all along here ; and, as I
understand, this is a very severe and very
dangerous coast. The purpose is to open out
a point into that little lake—it is about half a
mile across—and build piers into Lake Supe-
rior and also into this lake. The water in the
lake is twenty-seven feet deep, I am informed
by Mr. Driggs, of the House of Representa-
tives. Nearly forty thousand dollars, I under-
stand, has been expended by individuals in
the effort to open a'connection with this lake.
Although not a large lake, it will extend some
few miles, at all events, nearer the mining dis-
tricts. The mining districts are along on the
mountain range. I think we had better take
