3784
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July IB,
law itself shows, that it was the original inten-
tion to release all vessels making those short
voyages from the payment of the tax, except
once   /ear, while all those vessels are now
subject to the payment of thirty cents tonnage
on th«ir trip. If the honorable chairman says
that it will be reached at this session, of eourso
that will be enough on the subject.
Mr. FESSENDEN. , A bill will be reported
from our committee unless the one reported
in the House and now under consideration is
speedily acted upon.
Mr. CONNESS. Then I move to refer
the pending resolution to the Committee on
Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
seward a. foot.
Mr. POLAND submitted the following res-
olution ; which was referred to the Committee
to Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses
of the Senate:
Resolved, That there be paid out of the contingent
fund of the Senate to Seward A. Fool, the sum of
$180 in full for services as clerk of committee.
committee clerics-.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the resolution
increasing the pay of the clerk of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, and
the clerk of the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
The motion was agreed to; and the Sen-
ate resumed the consideration of the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the annual compensation of the
clcrks of the Committees on Military Affairs and the
Militia, and the District of Columbia, shall hereafter
be the same as that of the clerks of the Committees
on Finance, Printing, and Claims, commencing July
1,1866.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to amend the
resolution by adding the clerk of the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
Mr. GRIMES. Is there not a motion already
pending? If I remember aright, I made a mo-
tion when this subject was under consideration
before to refer the resolution to the Committee
on Contingent Expenses to consider the whole
subject as to all these clerks, and if it be neces-
sary that their pay shall be increased, let the
committee make it uniform.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. An exam-
ination of the record shows that that is now
the motion pending upon the resolution. The
amendment therefore, perhaps, will not be in
order without unanimous consent. It is moved
that the resolution be referred to the Committee
to Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses
of the Senate.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I trust that will not be the
disposition of this resolution. The object of
a reference is for information, as I understand,
upon all matters that come before this body.
This resolution has already been before the
Senate twice; it has taken up a great deal of
its time, and is understood by every member.
It is understood and wanted by the chairmen
of the respective committees to which it refers.
It is not perhapS so much necessary to the chair-
mari of the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia, though he would not object to it; but it is
necessary for the proper administration of the
business of the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia. I believe it; the chairman
believes it; he asks for it; and I can see no
real objection to the Senate considering the
subject at the present time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the resolution
will be referred. The Senator from Rhode
Island, I think, is very much mistaken in one
respect. We get the information at second-
hand, altogether. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, my col-
league, [Mr. Morrill,] told me expressly when
he was in the Senate the other day, that this
was done without his knowledge, without his
assent^ and that he did not think it necessary
or advisable to make the clerk of the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia a permanent
clerk, nor did he think it advisable in the other
instance. When such a motion is brought in
here, and the chairman of one of the commit-
tees concerned, which certainly has consid-
erable business, deems this an unnecessary
expense, I think the least we can do is to refer
the resolution to the Committee on Contingent
Expenses to examine into the matter. You see
to what it leads. My honorable friend from
Michigan moves to add the clerk of the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and somebody else will
move to add the clerk of some other commit-
tee, and so it will go. I think the matter had
better be sent to the appropriate committee, to
be carefully examined.
Mr. RIDDLE. I merely wish to say one
word in reply to the Senator from Maine, with
regard to the clerk of the Committee on the
District of Columbia. If there be a clerk con-
nected with any committee, other than the
Committee on Finance, who should be a per-
manent officer, it is the clerk of the Committee
on the District of Columbia. That committee
has, this session, had over one hundred bills
before it. The clerk lias been compelled to be
present every day of the week. He is obliged
to be familiar with the laws of the country and
the regulations of the District. If you are to
pick up a clerk to that committee for three
months during the short session, for the per
diem allowed during that time, you will have
to take a man from this neighborhood, and
you cannot expect to get a man who is expe-
rienced and able to discharge the duties. I
have served upon that committee, and I know
the duties the clerk has to discharge ; and if
the chairman of the committee were present
he would indorse every word that I say on the
subject.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can only say in reply,
that the chairman of that committee, who cer-v
tainly ought to know as much about the labors
of it as anybody, because I believe the labor
of a committee generally falls on the ehairmfkn,
expressly stated to me that the resolution was
moved without his knowledge or assent, and
that he did not consider it necessary or advisa-
ble to make the clerk to that committee per-
manent; that he thought the clerk should only
be continued during the time Congress was in
session; that to make him a permanent clerk
would be a useless expense from which nogood
would come. This was substantially his State-
ment to me and to others.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the reference
will be made, for there is an evident injustice
being done here to clerks of committees in this
body. It may be that the Committee on Fi-
nance require a permanent clerk. I presume
they do ; but I think there is no other commit-
tee of this body that requires a permanent clerk,
and I hope that if the subject is referred to the
Committee on Contingent Expenses they will
regulate the whole matter and report a proper
provision on the subject. Now, in regard to
the labors of clerks I am sure there is not a
clerk of any committee of this body that has
during the present session, performed one half
the labor that the clerk of the Committee on
Commerce has performed; and if there is any
committee, beside the Committee on Finance,
that requires a permanent clerk, it is the Com-
mittee on Commerce. But I am willing that
the reference should be made, and I hope the
Committee on Contingent Expenses will give
the subject a thorough investigation, and cor-
rect the wrong which is being done.
Mr. POME ROY. I suppose all that thq,
Senator from Delaware has said in reference
to the Committee on the District of Columbia
might be said in reference to the Committee
on Public Lands, but we have not thought of
asking for any compensation for our clerk
during the recess. 1 prefer that this matter
should go to the Committee on Contingent
Expenses. If they report a bill including all
the clerks, it will be very well. If not, I think
we had better let the matter remain as it is.
Mr. GRIMES. I apprehend that every chair-
man of a committee would say about the same
thing in asegard to the services performed by
his clerk. I happen to have been for about
four years, I believe, prior to the last session
of the last Congress, chairman of the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia, and I know
something of the duties required to be per-
formed by the clerk of that committee, and I
think I have a tolerable apprehension as to the
duties required of each of the clerks liamed In
the resolution. It seems to me that in order
to prevent any misunderstanding, any invidious
comparisons here in the face of the Senate, or
any ill feeling among the clerks or among the
chairmen of the various committees, the easiest
and best and most proper way to dispose of
this matter is to refer the resolution to the
Committee on Contingent Expenses, and let
that committee investigate the whole subject
and report to the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. I believe the Committee on
the District of Columbia have unnecessarily
and unwisely added nine tenths to their labors
this session, and my own judgment would be
for disallowing a clerk to that committee above
all the committees of the Senate. If in that
way we could stifle the mischief that they have
been working, it would be a God-send to the
country.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I must continue to object,
though perhaps the objectiori will be in vain,
to the disposition proposed to be made of this
resolution. The Senator from Iowa is disposed
to postpone this matter, as he is a great many
others, as we found yesterday. I desire, how-
ever, to say one word in reference to the remark
made by the Senator from Maine with regard
to his colleague. I did not sanction that por-
tion of the resolution with regard to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia unadvis-
edly. Before introducing the measure I applied
to the chairman of that committee, and after
it Was introduced I had a conversation with
him on the subject, and I got no such impres-
sion as that referred to and expressed by-the
honorable member from Maine.
Here are committees of this body employing
a. clerk during the long session of seven months.
During tha.t time he gets fully instructed as to
his duty, and by the time Congress adjourns in
July or August he is very well qualified. Then
he goes out, and the question is whether you
can get him at the short session. It is evidently
important that persons of experience should
occupy these positions. Tf the clerks are
changed every session, I think you cannot get
proper, judicious legislation based upon the
information that a competent clerk will obtain
for a committee. Almost every messenger in
this whole Government is continued through-
out the year. The clerks in most of the sub-
ordinate departments of your Government are
continued throughout the year, with a pay equal
to that received by these men, who are supposed
to be, and whom it is desired should be, com-
petent to discharge the duties required of them.
The Committee on Finance would hardly be
willing to commit its duties to an uninstructed
man as clerk. It would be difficult to find in
the whole range of its vision one who could
satisfactorily and ably discharge the great trusts
necessarily reposed in the clerk of that com-
mittee. The same argument applies to other
committees. I hope the resolution will not be
referred.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to refer this resolution to
the Committee to Audit and Control the Con-
tingent Expenses of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to—ayes twenty-
three, noes not counted.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhHrson, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed,
without amendment, the bill (S. No. 114) for
the relief of A. T. Spencer and Gurdon S. Hub-
bard.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had concurred in
the amendments of the Senate to the follow-
ing bills:
A bill (H. R. No. 702) granting a pension to
Mrs. Charlotte E. Beed j
