2826
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
•who enlisted in 1861 or in the early part of
1862 throughout the whole Union. Those
who went into the Army in 1861 or early in
1862 got little or no bounty of any kind, and
§ot from the General Government only either
,100 or nothing at all. Now, to those who
received nothing this bill gives $300, and to
those who received $100 enough to make up
the amount to $300. Later on in the war
large local bounties were paid, while at the
game time the Government of the United
States was paying bounties. Such men are
cut off from the operation of this bill.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask liini a question?
' Mr. SCIIENCK. No, sir; I cannot. With
all due deference to the gentleman from New
York, I detest these interruptions. At the end
of my remarks I will answer any questions
that gentlemen desire.
There is another effect of this amendment.
If, by the legislation of Congress, you equalize
bounties to the extent of taking care that every
man shall at least have $300 out of the United
States Treasury, if he has not obtained it from
any other source, and then turn these soldiers
over to their States you will find them in every
State going to their Legislatures and saying,
"See here what the Congress of the United
States has done; now we want you to equalize
the bounties at home ; and as some men have
been paid SI,000 and $1,500 and others only
$300 or $400, we want you to follow the ex-
ample of the Government of the United States
and equalize the bounties in the State as Con-
gress lias done throughout the United States
and it will be very hard to resist that appeal
when made under such a precedent; so that
by taking the whole thing into account, we
relieve the States from calls that may be made
hereafter to equalize bounties in the States as
Congress has equalized them throughout the
United States. .
Leaving the reference to that change, I come
to the next alteration made. We cut off from
the benefits of the bill substitutes. We have
taken the ground that where a man was hired
at some enormous cost to go into the Army for
another, he went into the Army taking all the
chances and has no proper claim on the Gov-
ernment for equalization of bounty with other
soldiers who were either compelled to go or
went voluntarily.
There have been such cases as this before the
Committee on Military Affairs: a man being
drafted, a relative, without hope of reward,
volunteered to go in his place; in another
instance, a returned volunteer, seeing the tears
of the family of a poor man who was drafted
and was unable to pay for a substitute, volun-
teered his services and took that man's place.
But these are exceptional cases. We can only
legislate for classes, and leave such men to the
reward of an approving conscience and the
kindness of their neighbors, who, instead of
petitioning Congress, had better subscribe the
$300 for these men.
We have made another alteration. It was
provided in the original bill that if a man had
been discharged on his own application or re-
quest he should be cut out from the advan-
tages of the bounty. In the revision we have
inserted the words, "prior to the 9th dg,y of
April, 1865," which was the date of Lee's sur-
render, so as not to cut off from the bounty
those men who thought the fighting was all
over, and finding it very easy on application
to the War Department at that time to get out
of the Army, naturally did so. We save the
bounty to every man who was discharged even
at his own request and upon Jiis own applica-
tion, provided he did not make that applica-
tion before the fighting was done.
We have inserted another provision, to which
I suppose no gentleman will object, requiring
that the attorney or agent, where one is en-
gaged in the case, shall, in filing the papers
of the applicant, file along with them his own
statement verified by oath, under the pains and
penalties of perjury, that he has not charged
and will not accept any more than the fees
which the law allows. This is to prevent collu-
sion between the attorney and the claimant,
when the claimant finds the attorney unwilling
to act under the law without such secret under-
standing.
I believe that I have stated now all the mate-
rial differences between the substitute and the
original bill; and I am now ready to answer
the question of my friend from New York,
[Mr. Hotchkiss.]
Mr. HOTCHKISS. The inquiry which I
desire to make is this: in many cases in my
own district, in 1801, the State paid to the
soldier seventy-five dollars bounty, and the
local authorities $225 bounty. In such cases,
what is the soldier going to get under this bill ?
If the soldier in such a case gets nothing, are
we to be subjected to taxation to pay bounties
to soldiers raised in communities that gave no
bounty?
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I think I
have anticipated an answer to that inquiry. I
have said that the bill declares plainly 
Mr. HOTCHKISS. Let me ask further 
Mr. SCHENCK. I trust the gentleman will
wait a moment till I have answered the ques-
tion he has already put.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I am charged and
primed, and I cannot stop till I have dis-
charged the whole load. [Laughter. ] ■ I want
to know whether, where we in our State have
paid more than three hundred dollars bounty,
the soldiers of the State of New York will be
obliged to pay back anything.
Mr. SCHENCK. I suppose the gentle-
man is now through, unless he is a revolver.
[Laughter.]
Now, as to the first branch of the inquiry—
the first barrel of the gentleman's gun—the bill
itself answers it. The bill is framed entirely
with this view: that every man who presents
himself asking for this bounty of $300 shall be
interrogated as to how much he has received
from various sources as bounty for serving his
country in addition to his regular pay. If he
has received $300 or more, he is not to receive
anything under this bill. While we do not pro-
pose to give any one more than $300, nor to
pay any one less than that amount, our object
is that every man who has not received $300
shall be raised up to that standard.
These remarks will serve to answer to a great
extent the second branch of the inquiry; and
my echo to the report of that second barrel of
the gun, showing that it is only a; blank car-
tridge, will be this 
Mr. HOTCHKISS. Perhaps I owed the
gentleman an apology; but there is nothing
in his Army bill against the use of revolvers.
[Laughter. ]
Mr. SCHENCK.The gentleman asks whether
those who have received more than $300 bounty
will be compelled to disgorge. The reply to
that is found also in the bill. There is noth-
ing in the bill about paying hack. There is
nothing in the hill that can be construed to re-
quire that those who have received the bounties
either of the General Government or of a State
government or of any volunteer association or
municipal organization of any kind shall pay
back any part of that which they have received.
I think the gentleman is now fully answered.
Mr. WARD. I desire to ask "the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs whether
this bill does not provide for giving bounty to
colored soldiers.
Mr. SCHENCK. Unquestionably it does.
We hold that a soldier, a sailor, or a marine is
one who belongs to the organized forces of the
United States, wearing its uniform. We have
therefore said nothing about color, because
the bill covers them all.
Mr. WARD. So I understand. Now, I
desire to ask the gentleman another question.
I ask him whether there is not now in force a
law by virtue of which the loyal owner of a
colored man who volunteered in the United
States service is entitled to recover $300 for
such colored man; and such being the law,
the master being entitled to $300, and the col-
ored man being entitled, under this bill, to a
bounty, whether the colored soldier and his
master together will not receive more than the
white soldier. And I ask him whether he will
not accept an amendment providing for the
repeal of the law which provides for a com-
mission to take proof of the fact of the slaves
of loyal masters having entered the service,
so that compensation may be made. I appre-
hend that before we give any additional bounty
that law should be repealed.
Mr. SCHENCK. Well, that certainly is a
revolver! [Laughter.] Ido not know whether
I can recollect the whole of the question. But
to begin at the close of the gentleman's inquir-
ies, I will say that I cannot accept any amend-
ment, becausc the bill at its present stage can-
not be amended, as I understand the rules,
without a Recommitment for that purpose,
unless by unanimous consent.
In the next place, I will say that the bill does
not provide for paying anything to the former
owner of a man who was a slave and was en-
listed as a soldier of the United States. The
bill is specific in its terms, and provides only
for payment to the soldier, sailor, or marine
himself.
Mr. WARD. That I understand.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman asks, fur-
ther, whether if the loyal owner has already
received his bounty of $100 
Mr. WARD. Of $300.
Mr. SCHENCK. Or of $300, whether he
will not get something under this bill. I an-
swer, no; he cannot possibly do so. There
might possibly be a construction put upon the
law by which the owner having got $300 the
negro could get $300 more, on the ground that
the negro, who had rendered the service, had
received nothing. That is a question of con-
struction. But being a question of construc-
tion for the courts, under the law as it now
stands no subsequent legislation upon this sub-
ject can affect the contract, though we might
so amend the bill, which I am unwilling to do,
as to provide that where the master has re-
ceived bounty, that bounty shall be deducted
•and paid to the negro. I do not suppose that
the gentleman would desire that.
Mr. WARD. No, sir.
Mr. SCIIENCK. But the gentleman says
he would like to have passed an act repealing
the law with reference to compensation of loyal
owners of slaves enlisted, so that there shall
be no further action under it.
Mr. WARD. Exactly.
Mr. SCHENCK. So would I; and I am
perfectly willing to unite with the gentleman
in securing the passage of a bill of that kind
as a separate enactment; for I think there
would be no difficulty in passing it; or I
believe it very probable that members of the
other branch of Congress, upon suggestion
being made to them, would be willing to pro-
cure the insertion of such a provision in this
bill. But, at the present time, the amendment
of this bill cannot be effected without the delay
of recommitment, with the necessity of going
over this whole subject again. I prefer, there-
fore, that this bill shall now be passed, trust-
ing that some repealing act may hereafter be
adopted as a separate measure, or that a pro-
vision for the purpose may be incorporated in
this bill as an amendment when the bill shall
be considered by the Senate.
Mr. WARD. Will the gentleman allow me
a moment to state the amendments which I
intended to offer to this bill?
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no objection to per-
mitting the gentleman to have his amendments
read—or, at least, he might hand them to the
reporters, and let them be incorporated in his
remarks, so that he may be enabled to show
what was the object he had in view, in which,
so far as concerns the last point, I entirely
concur.
Mr. WARD. The first amendment which I
desired to offer was an amendment giving to
the widowed mother who was entirely depend-
ent upon a soldier now deceased the bounty
to which ho would have been entitled. I de-
sired a further amendment striking out that
