802
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
your business to rise up and preserve the Union
and liberty." At the capi'al of Ohio he said,
"Without a name, without, a "reason why I
should have a name, there has fallen upon me
a task such as did not rest even upon the Father
of his Country." At various places in New
York, especially at Albany before the Legisla-
ture, which tendered himthe united support of
the great Empire State, he said, '' While I hold
myself the humblest of all the individuals who
have ever been elevated to the Presidency, I
have a more difficult task to perform than any
of them. I bring a true heart to the work. I
must rely upon the people of the whole country
for support; and with their sustaining aid, even
I, humble as I am, cannot fail to carry the ship
of state safely through the storm." To the
Assembly of New Jersey, at Trenton, he ex-
plained, ''I shall take the ground I deem most
just to the North, the East, the West, the South,
and the whole country, in good temper, cer-
tainly with no malice to any section. I am de-
voted to peace, but it mav be necessary to put
the foot down firmly." in the old Independ-
ence Hall of Philadelphia he said, "I have
never had a feeling politically that did not spring
from the sentiments embodied in the Declara-
tion of Independence, which gave liberty, not
alone to the people of this country, but to the
world in all future time. If the country can-
not be saved without giving up that principle,
I would rather be assassinated on the spot than
surrender it. I have said nothing but what I
am willing to live and die by."
IN WHAT STATE IIE F0f"YU TTTE COUNTRY.
Traveling in the dead of night to escape as-
sassination, Lincoln arrived at Washington nine
days before his inauguration. The outgoing
President, at the opening of the session of Con-
gress had still kept as the majority of his advisers
men engaged in treason: had declared that in
ease of even an ''imaginary'' apprehension of
danger from notions of freedom among the
slaves, "disunion would become inevitable."
Lincoln and others had questioned the opinion
of Taney ; such impugning he ascribed to the
" factious temper of the times." The favorite
doctrine of the majority of the Democratic party
on the power of a Territorial Legislature over
slavery he condemned as an attack on "the
sacred rights of property." The State Legis-
latures, he insisted, must repeal what he called
" their unconstitutional and obnoxious enact-
ments," and which, if such, were "null and
void," or "it would be impossible for any hu-
man power to save the Union." Nay, if these
unimportant acts were not repealed, "the in-
jured States would be justified in revolutionary
resistance to the Government of the Union."
He maintained that no State might secede at
its sovereign will and pleasure ; that the Union
was meant for perpetuity; and that Congress
might attempt to preserve it, but only by con-
ciliation ; that "the sword was not placed in
their hands to preserve it by force that "the
last desperate remedy of a despairing peo-
ple" would be "an explanatory amendment
recognizing the decision of the Supreme Court
of the United States." The American Union
he called "a confederacy" of Stairs, and he
thought it a duty to make the appeal for the
amendment '• before any of these States should
separate themselves from the Union." The
views of the Lieutenant General, containing
some patriotic advice, " conceded the right of
secession." pronounced a quadruple rupture of
the Union "a smaller evil than the reuniting
of the fragments by the sword,'' and •' eschewed
the idea of invading a seceded State." After
changes in the Cabinet, the President informed
Congress that "matters were still worse that
" the South suffered serious grievances,"' which
should be redressed " in peace."
TThe day after this message the flag of the
Union was fired upon from Fort Moiils, and
the insult was not revenged or noticed. Sena-
tors in Congress telegraphed to their constitu-
ents feize the national forts, and they were
not arrested. The finances of the country were
grievously embarrassed. Its little army was not
within reach—the part of it in Texas, with ail
its stores, was made over by its commander to
the seceding insurgents. One State after another
voted in convention to secede. A peace congress,
so called, met at the request of Virginia to con-
cert the terms of a capitulation for the contin-
uance of the Union. Congress in both branches
sought to devise conciliatory expedients; the
Territories of the country were, organized in a
manner not to conflict with any pretensions of
the South, or any decision of the Supreme Court;
and, nevertheless, the seceding States formed at
Montgomery aprovisional government, and pur-
sued their relentless purpose with such success
that the Lieutenant General feared the city of
Washington might find itself "included in a
foreign country," and proposed, among the op-
tions i'or the consideration of Lincoln, to bid the
seceded States •' depart in peace." The great
Republic seemed to have its emblem in the vast
unfinished Capitol, at that moment surrounded
by masses of stone and prostrate columns never
yet lifted into their places ; seemingly the mon-
ument of high but delusive aspirations, the con-
fused wreck of inchoate magnificence, sadder
than any ruin of Egyptian Thebes, or Athens.
HIS INAUGURATION.
The 4th of March came. With instinctive
wisdom, the new President, speaking to the
people on taking the oath of otSee, put aside
every question that divided the country, and
gained a right to universal support by planting
himself oa the single idea of the Union. That
Union he declared to be unbroken and perpet-
ual ; and he announced his determination to
fulfill "the simple duly of taking care that the
laws be faithfully executed in all the States."
Seven days later, the convention of confederate
States unanimously adopted a constitution of
their own ; and the new government was author-
itatively announced to be founded on the idea
that slavery is the natural and normal condi-
tion of the negro race. The issue was made up
whether the great 1'cpublic was to maintain its
providential place in the history of mankind,
or a rebellion founded on negro slavery gain a
recognition of its principle throughout the civ-
ilized world. To the disaffected Lincoln had
said, " You can have no conflict without being
yourselves the aggressors." To fire the pas-
sions of the southern portion of the people, the
confederate government chose to become ag-
gressors : and on the morning of the 12th of
April began the bombardment of Fort Sumter,
and compelled its evacuation.
UPRISING OF TIIE PEOPLE.
It is the glory of the late President that he
had perfect faith in the perpetuity of the Union.
Supported in advance by Douglas, who spoke
as with the voice of a million, he instantly called
a meeting of Congress, and summoned the peo-
ple to come up and repossess the forts, places,
and property which had been seized from the
Union. The men of the North were trained in
schools ; industrious and {Vagal; many of them
delieatcly bred, their minds teeming with ideas
and fertile in plans of enterprise : given to the
culture of the arts; eager in the pursuit, of
wealth, yet employing wealth less for ostenta-
tion than for developing the resources of their
country : seeking happiness in the calm of do-
mestic life; and such lovers of peace that for
generations they had been reputed unwarlike.
Now, at the crv of their country in its distress,
they rose up with unappeasable patriotism ; not
hirelings—the purest and of the best blood in
the land ; sons of a pious ancestry, with a clear
perception of duty, unclouded faith, and fixed
resolve to succeed, they thronged round the
President to support the wronged, the beautiful
Ij flag of the nation. The halls of theological
jl seminaries sent forth their young men, whose
! lips were touched with eloquence, whose hearts
!i kindled whh devotion to serve in the ranks, and
make their way to command only as they learned
" the art of war. Striplings in the colleges, as
j well the mo-1 gentle and tho most studious;
'•! those of sweetesl temper and loveliest character
| and brightest genius passed from their classes
| to the camp. The lumbermen fiom the forests ;
i the mechanics from their benches, where they
had been trained by the exercise of political
rights to share the life and hope of the Republic,
to feel their responsibility to their forefathers,
their posterity, and mankind, went forth resolved
that their dignity as a constituent part of this
Republic should not be impaired. Farmers and
sons of farmers left the land but half plowed,
the grain but half planted, and, taking up the
musket, learned to face without fear the pres-
ence peril and the coming of death in the
shocks of war, while their hearts were still at-
tracted to their herds and fields and all the ten-
der affections of home. Whatever there was
of truth and faith and public love in the com-
mon heart broke out with one expression. The
mighty winds blew from every quarter to fan the
flame of the sacred and unquenchable fire.
THE WAR A WORLD-WIDE WAR.
For a time the war was thought to be con-
fined to our own domestic affairs ; but it waa
soon seen that it involved the destinies of man-
kind ; itsprinciples and causes shook the politics
of Europe to the center, and from Lisbon to
Pekin divided the Governments of the world.
GRE4T BRITAIN.
There was a kingdom whose people had in an
eminent degree attained to freedom of industry
and the security of person and propert}'. Its
middle class rose to greatness. Out of that
class sprung the noblestpoetsandphilosophers,
whose words built up the intellect of its people;
skillful navigators, to find out the many paths
of the oceans ; discoverers in natural science,
whose inventions guided its industry to wealth,
till it equaled any nation of the world in letters,
and excelled all in trade and commerce. But
its Government was become a Government of
land, and not of men ; every blade of grass was
represented, but only a small minority of the
people. In the transition from the feudal forms,
the heads of the social organization freed them-
selves from the military services which were the
conditions of their tenure, and, throwing the
burden on the industrial classes, kept all the
soil to themselves. Vast estates that had been
managed by monasteries as endowments for
religion and charity were impropriated to swell
the wealth of courtiers and favorites ; and the
commons, where the poor man oncc had his
right of pasture, were taken away, and, under
forms of law, inclosed distributively within the
domains of the adjacent landholders. Although
no law forbade an inhabitant from purchasing
land, the costliness of the transfer constituted a
prohibition : so that it was the rule of that coun-
try that the plow should not be in the hands 01
its owner. The church was rested on a contra-
diction, claiming to be an embodiment of abso-
lute truth, and yet was a creature of the statute-
book.
HER SENTIMENTS.
The progress of time increased the terrible
"contrast between wealth and poverty; in their
years of strength, the laboring people, cut off
from all share in governing the State, derived
a scanty support from the severest toil, and had
no hope for old age but in public charity or
death. A grasping ambition had dotted the
world with military posts, kept watch over our
borders 011 the northeast, at the Bermudas, in
the West Indies, held the gates of the Pacific,
of the Southern and of the Indian ocean, hov-
ered on our northwest at Vancouver, appropri-
ated the wdiole of the newest continent, and the
entrances to the old Mediterranean and Red
sea; and garrisoned forts all the way from
Madras to China. That aristocracy had gazed
with terror 011 the growth of a commonwealth
where freeholds existed by the million, and
religion was not in bondage to the State ; and
now they could not repress their joy at its perils.
They had not one word of sympathy for the
kind-hearted poor man's son whom America
had chosen for her chief; they jeered at his
large hands and long feet and ungainly stat-
ure ; and the British Secretary of State for For-
eign Affairs'made haste to send word through
the palaces of Europe that the great. Republic
was in its agony, that the Republic was no
more, that a head-stone was all that remained
