3786
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 13,
of this description and appropriate these large
sums of money for them.
Mr. NESMITH. It is not always convenient
for us, living on the Pacific coast, so very re-
mote from the seat of Government—and par-
ticularly does this apply to the country where
the road is—to get estimates from the Depart-
ment for such works. The Senator from. Maine
controverts the proposition which I made in
regard to the amount of money that has been
expended in that country, and in regard to his
opposition to appropriations.for it. I desire to
say, for the information of the Senator, that X
think $40,000, or at most $60,000, is all that
has«ever been appropriated for the develop-
ment of* that region of country to which this
bill refers. In relation to his opposition to
these appropriations, I will only say that the
first measure I ever introduced into Congress
for the benefit of that region of country was a
small appropriation to enable the Indian de-
partment to extinguish the Indian title to the
Nez Percys country. That was fought here for
two days with great opposition by the Senator
from Maine. The next was an appropriation
of the small amount of $46,000 for the im-
provement of the Columbia river, and that met
the same opposition. The next was a propo-
sition to establish a mint in Oregon. The his-
tory of that question is pretty well known, and
the Senate remembers the pertinacity with
which the Senator from Maine, the chairman
of the Committee on Finance, opposed that
bill. There appears to be a continual effort on
his part to throw some obstacle in the way of
the passage of all my measures for the interest
of that country. I do not blame him particu-
larly. He regards it as his duty as chairman
of the Committee on Finance to guard and
protect the Treasury. I have no particular
objection to that; but I think it is a little in-
vidious when that opposition is made to every
measure coming from that particular country,
and does not apply to measures coming from
other sections.
Mr. GRIMES. I must be permitted to say
that I think the remarks of the Senator from
Oregon in relation to the Senator from Maine
are not justified by anything that has occurred
since I have been a member of this body. I
am not aware that that Senator has ever inter-
fered with the interests of the people of Ore-
gon or any of^the States on the Pacific coast
in any respect; no more so, at any rate, than
I believe he was not only justified but required
to interfere.
Now, sir, look at this case. The Senator
from Oregon undertakes to create an impres-
sion that there has been an attempt to do some
injustice to the State of Oregon 6r to Wash-
ington Territory. Why, sir, I should expect
the Senator from Maine, or somebody else to
interpose an objection if I were attempting to
pass through a bill under such circumstances
as these. What is this? A military road?
No. How came it before the Committee on
Military Affairs? Who sent it there? What
right had the Committee on Military Affairs to
take jurisdiction of it? Has it been recom-
mended by the Secretary of War ? Not at all.
Mr. NESMITH. The Senate sent it there.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senate sent it there, I
suppose at the instance of the Senator from
Oregon. Who knows anything about this mat-
ter but the Senator from Oregon ? Are we,
the representatives of the people, men ap-
pointed and sworn to protect the Treasury of
the country, to be assailed as being derelict in
our duty and as attempting to injure the inter-
ests of any State or section?
Mr. NESMITH. With the permission of the
Senator from Iowal will say that I have assailed
no person; I merely alluded to the circumstance
that the Senator from Maine always opposed
these appropriations. I did notassail anybody,
not even the Senator from Maine. I said he
supposed it to "be his duty to protect the Treas-
ury. I did not make any complaint of him or
assail him; and I think the Senator from Iowa
ought not,to use the word "assail" in* that
connection.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not know what a Senator
means when he gets up here and says that a
particular Senator is invariably opposing all
measures that are introduced for the benefit of
a particular section of the country, unless it be
that he assails that Senator for doing so. I do
not mean by using the word "assail" to say
that the Senator from Oregon uses epithets that
are improper for a gentleman or a Senator to
use. I simply mean that he attacked the Sen-
ator from Maine, and complained of him be-
cause he was unwilling that this bill should pass
without challenge. Now, sir, I unite with the
Senator from Maine in saying that this bill
ought not to pass without investigation.
1 should like to know how it happens that
such a large appropriation as this is recom-
mended by the Military Committee for the con-
struction of a wagon road, the road not being
a military road, not recommended by the War
Department, not recommended by any of the
Army officers who have been in that section of
the country and who have been exploring for
wagon roads, so far as I know. If Lieutenant
Mullan or any of the officers who have been
engaged in that kind of business in that section
of the country has recommended the construc-
tion of such a road as this, let it be based upon
a report, and let us be justified in our own eyes
and in the eyes of the country in appropriating
$100,000 in a gross sum like this. I have no
objection to the people of Oregon and Wash-
ington having all the roads that may be neces-
sary, although I know very well, and I say it in
no improper sense, that these wagon road ap-
propriations as they used to be expended when
my State was a Territory are mere jobs; the
roads do not amount to anything when they are
constructed. But if it be necessary that this
wagon road should be constructed, I will vote
the money most freely; but I should really like
to know why I do it; and I should like to put
something on the record to satisfy myself, when
I come to review my action next year or the
year after, that I was acting discreetly and
wisely and judiciously when I voted for the ap-
propriation of $100,000 for this purpose. We
have got no report in this case ; the bill comes
from a committee that had no jurisdiction of
the subject; there has been no recommenda-
tion from the Interior Department or the War
Department in favor of it; nobody, it seems,
knew anything about this bill until it came up
this morning, unless it be some members of
the Military Committee.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday.
niagara ship-canal.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 344) to incorporate the Niagara Ship-
Canal Company.
Mr. CONNESS. We have been a great
many days upon this bill, and I do not see but
that it is going to occupy the whole time of
the Senate during the remainder of the session
in discussion. If we can come to a vote upon
it, I shall be glad for one, because I am wait-
ing patiently for a chance to get some business
done. I do not know how many days this bill
has occupied. I shall vote for its postpone-
ment unless we can get a vote upon it. That
is all I mean to say about it.'
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pend-
ing question is on the motion of the Senator
from New York, [Mr. Morgan,] that this bill
be postponed until the second Tuesday in De-
c^rnfocr nsxfc.
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. President, I hope the
motion will prevail. I do not now question the
power of Congress to pass such a law; I do
not question at present the power of Congress
to create a corporation with authority to con-
struct such a canal; nor will I now question
the expediency of the work. What I do ques-
tion now is the expediency of passing such a
law as this at this time. There is no reason
why such a measure as this should be forced
upon the State of New York at this time. It
is novel in its character and very important in
its consequences. I say there is no necessity
for it. At present, it cannot with truth be de-
nied that the means of communication through
the State of New York are sufficient for all the
necessities of the West. New York has recently
enlarged her canal threefold, and it is asserted
by those best qualified to judge, who have the
most competent knowledge on the subject, that
the Erie canal is capable of transporting now
one million tons of produce from the West be-
yond any quantity that has been presented for
transportation in any oneyear. Ibelieveit. That
the time may come when greater facilities will
be demanded I do not doubt; but it has not
yet come, and there is, therefore, no necessity
for passing this measure at this hour.
It would be, in my judgment, ungrateful and
unkind in the West to force upon the State of
New York, at this time, the construction of
this work by a private corporation. Let New
York have an opportunity to see what she will
do. Let this question once more come before
the Legislature of New York. New York has
been generous, as was conceded by the Senator
from Wisconsin yesterday, generous toward the
West. A little more than forty years ago, when
that State entered upon her great system of
internal improvements, there were six or seven
great States lying along on the northern lakes
like so many sleeping giants, unconscious of
their power and strength. It was the Erie canal
and the construction of this great system of in-
ternal improvements that revealed their power
more than anything else, far more than any-
thing else. It was this that showed them their
imperial strength.
Now, sir, is it wise for these States whose
powers and resources have been thus revealed
and developed by the New York system of im-
provements, to force this measure upon the
State of New York? Let New York have an
opportunity of doing this work herself, or, as
she now contemplates, enlarging still further
her canal. It is no light thing to create a cor-
poration and send that corporation into the
State of New York to occupy her soil without
her consent or permission, and to construct this
work there on her soil and territory, giving her
*no sort of control over it. It is unprecedented ;
and though Congress may have the power, it
is not wise in a time 'like this to exert that
power.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me to
remark that the bill as it stands proposes to
consult New York?
Mr. HARRIS. I am aware of that; but I
am also aware of the fact that an effort will be
made by the gentleman from Wisconsin, who
has charge of the measure, to strike that out
before it is put upon its passage.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator will allow me to
say that he cannot be aware of any such thing.
I made no such effort, and propose none.
Mr. HARRJS. Certainly the purpose was
avowed by some one yesterday.
Mr. HOWE. Not by me.
Mr. HARRIS. The State of New York some
forty-odd years ago entered upon this system
of internal improvements. She has expended
upon it, including the original cost of the work,
upon the enlargement of the Erie canal, which
cost $31,000,000, very recently completed, and
including also interest, expenses of repairs, and
superintendence, $166,000,000. She has re-
ceived in tolls from these works a little more
than half that amount, not over $90,000,000.
Seventy-five million dollars have been provided
for otherwise by the State. She has devoted to
it her permanent revenues. She has taxed her
people lasgely and liberally for this work.
Within the very last year she has taxed her
people about a million dollars for this work.
We have not therefore exacted largely from the
western States in tolls upon these canals. The
State has put the toll as low as it was possible.
When we commenced the work, we applied to
Congress to aid us; but then it was unconsti-
tutional to aid a work of internal improvement,
