1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1861
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading; and it was^ accordingly read the third
time aud passed.
Mi-. CUMjOM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BRANCH MINT AT CHARLOTTE.
On motion of Mr. HTGBY, by unanimous
consent., the Committee on Minos and Mining
was discharged from the further consideration
of a resolution recommending the removal of
the United Slates branch mint at Charlotte,
North Carolina, to Boise City, Idaho Terri-
tory, and the same was referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
REBECCA BOWER.
Mr. ANCONA, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill for the relief of Rebecca
Bower; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
NOMUEASTEUN FRONTIER.
Mr. PATTERSON, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on Foreign Affairs, re-
ported back a bill to provide for the defense
of the northeastern frontier; which was ordered
to be printed, and recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. DARLING asked and obtained leave
of absence for his colleague, Mr. Dodge, for
one week.
l)l:TY ON WOOL.
Mr. ECKLEY, by unanimous consent, sub-
milted joint resolutions of the General Assembly
of Ohio, asking an additional duty on wool;
which were referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and ordered to be printed.
COAST SURVEY.
Mr. ALLEY, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, obtained the floor
to make a report, but yielded to
Mr. LATHAM, who submitted the following
resolution from the Committee on Printing:
Iteiohnl, That there lie printed two thousand five
hundred copies extra of the report of the Superin-
tendent of tho United States Coast Survey lor the year
1SG5, ot which one thou.-und shall he lor distribution
bj ti ic fcSupui iiaendentof the Coa.^t Survey, and tUleen
hundred for t he \wi of the members of this House.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. 1 object.
The SPEAKER. The committee has aright
to make a report.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I raise the
question of order whether they can make a
report while the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Ali.ey] has the lloor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Alley] having yielded the
floor, the Committee on Printing has a right to
make the report.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. LATIIAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
G HO tie. ETO U'X AQIT.D LOT.
Mr. INGERSOLL. by unanimous conscnt,
introduced a bill to authorize the construction
of a drawbridge in the aqueduct across the
Potomac at Georgetown, in the District of Co-
lumbia, and for other purposes; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. WASH13URNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
referred; aud also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MOJiOAx'cS 11AII).
Mr. FARQU1IAR, by unanimous consent,
introduced the following resolution ; which was
. read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
1)e requested to inquire into the expediency of au-
thorizing the quartermaster's department to audit
and pay the just claims of loyal citizens for horses,
mviles, and other personal property seized and appro-
priated by the rebels under Morgan in the States of
Indiana and Ohio in July, 1S63.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I demand the
regular order of business.
SOLDIERS' INDIVIDUAL MEMORIALS.
Mr. ALLEY, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, to whom the sub-
ject had been referred with leave to report at
any time, reported a bill to provide that " sol-
diers' individual memorials" shall be carried
through the mails at the usual rate of printed
matter; which was read a first and second time.
The bill was read. It provides that the orna-
mental record of the personal services of Fed-
eral officers and soldiers, composed partly of
written and partly of printed mat-tor, but con-
taining no private communication, and known
as "soldiers' individual memorials," shall be
allowed to pass through the mails upon pay-
ment of the usual postage on printed matter.
Mr. ALLEY. This bill is asked for by Lieu-
tenant General Grant and many others in a
memorial referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, in which they slate
that certain ornamental records of the per-
sonal services of Federal officers and soldiers
now extensively published, such rccords being
composed partly of printed and partly of writ-
ten matter, are known as the " Soldiers' Indi-
vidual Memorial." Under existing laws, these
soldiers or their friends arc compelled to pay
letter postage on all such memorials sent
through the mails, although they contain no
private communication, but simply a record
to perpetuate the memory of those who have
periled if not yielded their lives for our com-
mon country ; and they ask that these records
shall be allowed to pass through the mails at
the usual rates of printed matter, a request
that I know every member of this House, as
well as every loyal citizen of America, will
only be too glad to grant to the bravo defend-
ers of the country.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; aud being engrossed, was
accordingly road the third time and passed.
Mr. ALLEY moved to reconsider the vole
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
THE ElRlllIUIKK.
Mr. RAYMOND. I rise to make a report
from the Committee an Foreign Affairs, upon
a resolution which was referred to that com-
mittee pome days since, calling upon the Sec-
retary of the Navy to send armed vessels to
the fishing grounds adjacent to fhe British
Provinces, for the protection of American fish-
ermen.
The committee have instructed me to make
a preliminary report, submitting to the House
a resolution asking for information. Perhaps
it may have some interest to the House il 1
stale the circumstances which have called
attention to this .subject just now. These cir-
cumstances grow out of the repeal or abro-
gation of the reciprocity treaty negotiated in
lSo J. The colonies which constituted the Uni-
ted States enjoyed, pievious to their independ-
ence, an equal light with Ihe other colonies
to partake of the fisheries on the coast of New-
foundland, and that was recognized as an
existing, absolute right by the treaty of 1783;
not conceded, not a privilege granted, hut a
right claimed, aud admitted and recognized as
a right by that treaty.
The Americans continued their fishing until
the war of 181ii, which, of course, suspended
it. lu the treaty of 181 -1 no provision whatever
was made upon the subject, because the Amer-
ican commissioners authorized to negotiate at
Ghent we.re expressly instructed by their Gov-
ernment not to allow fhe right ol fishing on the
coast to be drawn into question at all. _ 'Ihe
matter was, therefore, left precisely as it had
stood before under the treaty of 1783, which
admitted our absolute right to fish. But dis-
turbances occurred between the rival fishermen
of the colonies and the States which led to a
convention in 1818, Messrs. Gallatin and Rush
acting on the part of the American Govern-
ment, and by that convention the Americans
renounced or waived the right to fish within
three miles from the shore of the British Prov-
inces. This was not a restriction by Great
Britain,of any right or privilege which she had
granted. It was a renunciation by the United
States of a portion of the absolute right to par-
ticipate in those fisheries which the United
States had enjoyed from the beginning, and
which • had been expressly recognized and
admitted by the treaty of 1783.
That was in October, IS IS. The United
States, as I have said, then renounced the
right of fishing within the distance of one ma-
rine league from the coast, that being the dis-
tance to which the jurisdiction of the adjacent
Governments is held by international law to
extend in all cases of a similar kind. Under
the treaty of 1818, the Americans still continued
to fish until disturbances arose in 184] with
the provincial governments, and they pre-
sented new pretensions, claiming to exclude
Americans from the fisheries lo a greater ex-
tent than three miles from the coast, and put-
ting upon that clause of the treaty an entirely
new interpretation, namely, that the line from
which the three miles was to be measured was
to be drawn from the headlands of all the bays
along the coast, including the great bay of
Fundy, the hay of Chaleurs, and the straits of
Cansi . That, would have excluded our fish-
ermen, if we had admitted the claim, from
some of the most, valuable fishing grounds on
the coast. Our Government never for a mo-
ment, admilted the justice of that interpreta-
tion, but it, led to many eases of seizure by the
provincial authorities of American fishing ves-
sels; and in 1815, on the remonstrance of our
minister to England, the matter was brought
to the attention of the Unglish Government.
A ease was made tip by the provincial author-
ities find submitted to the law officers of the
Crown, and upon that case, tints submitted,
the law officers decided two points: first, that
the treaty of 178o was annulled by the war of
1812 and the treaty of 1811, and second, that
the lino from which the marine league was to
be measured was to be drawn from headland
to headland of these great bays. The Ameri-
can Government, refused to recognize that de-
cision, and the British Government consented
to waive it in 1845; so that the enjoyment of
the fisheries still went on, the Americans oc-
cupying them in common with the British,
under the convention of 1818, until the con-
clusion of the reciprocity treaty of 1854.
By that treaty the Americans were again
admitted to fhe exercise of the right which we
had waived in 1818, and were allowed to fish all
along the coast without reference to the three
miles of riparian jurisdiction. And that con-
tinued to be tiie' state of the case until the
treaty of JH51 was abrogated and annulled on
the 17tli day of last month.
Now the American fishermen aie thrown
back upon the lights they enjoyed previous to
the conclusion of ihe treaty of 1t>>4. The li ouse
will perceive tlnit. some important questions of
construction w ill arise under this state of things.
It will become a question under what treaty wo
are now to enjoy the right of fishing on tiiose
coasts. The iii'itish claim that^ by fhe treaty
| of 1H14 the preceding treaty of 17S3 was an-
! nulled. 1 do not think that claim eatibemain-
! tamed. But if'it should be maintained, it seems
to me equally clear that the treaty of 1818 must
have been annulled by fhe treaty of 1854. We
are therefore thrown back either upon the ori-
ginal admission of the treaty of 178.). or if that
was annulled by the treaty of 1814, then we are
thrown back upon the rights which we enjoyed
pr< vious to that time. Probably, however, the
construct ion which both Governments will con-
sent to place upon this matter will be that by
the abrogation of the Treaty of 1854 both par-'
Il ties will be thrown back upon the treaty of.
