1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•387
Laws of Ike, United States,
39th Cong....1st Sess.
require their approval, shall be binding in law,
and the superintendent, or liis successor, may
sue or be sued thereon to final judgment and
execution ; and no suit shall abate by reason
of the office of superintendent becoming vacant
during the pendency of such suit, but any suc-
cessor in.the office shall assume the prosecu-
tion or defense of any pending suit, and con-
tinue the prosecution or defense until such suit
shall be concluded.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That
one or more of the trustees shall visit the said
house of correction, once, at least, in every two
weeks, at which time the condition of the same
shall be carefully examined and the register
inspected ; a record of the visits shall be kept
in the books of the superintendent; once in
every three months the institution shall be
thoroughly examined in all its departments by
not less than three of the trustees, and a re-
port of such examinations shall be made to
the board ; and an abstract of the reports, to-
gether with full annual reports of the super-
intendent and the treasurer, shall be presented
to the Secretary of the Interior on or before
the fifteenth day of November in each year.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That
when a boy shall be committed to the said
house of correction, the city in which he had
his residence at the time of such commitment,
or, if his residence was within the county of
Washington, and not within the city of Wash-
ington, or the city of Georgetown, then the
county of Washington shall pay to the treas-
urer of the house of correction fifty cents a
week while he remains therein; the payment
shall be made quarterly on the first days of
January, April, July, and October; and any
sum so paid may be recovered by such city or
county of any parent, kindred, or guardian,
liable by law to maintain him.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That for
the purpose of securing a transfer of the build-
ing and other property to the trustees, prepar-
ing the premises and building for occupancy,
and for the payment of other necessary ex-
penses, there is hereby appropriated, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, the sum of twelve thousand dol-
lars, to be paid only on the order of the Sec-
retary of the Interior: Provided, That six
thousand dollars of said appropriation is hereby
declared to be the sum that shall be assessed
and paid by the cities of Washington and
Georgetown, and the county of Washington;
and it shall be the duty of the proper authori-
ties of the city of Washington to raise, by tax
or otherwise, and pay into the Treasury of the
United States, at or before the time when the
E remises shall be ready for occupancy by the
ouse of correction, the sum of four thousand
five hundred dollars; and it shall be the duty
of the proper authorities of the city of George-
town to raise and pay in like manner the sum
of one thousand dollars; and it shall be the
duty of the proper authorities of the county of
Washington to raise and pay in like manner
the sum of five hundred dollars; and in case
of default of such payment into the Treasury
of the United States by either of said cities or
by the said county of Washington, the party
so making default shall be liable to summary
proceedings before the supreme court of the
District of Columbia, at the instance of the
United States attorney for said district, to en-
force the same, with interest thereon alter the
date of default.
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, That this
act shall take effect from the date of its passage.
Approved, July 25, 1866.
Chap. CCXXXIX.—An Act to incorporate
"The Soldiers' and Sailors' Union'" of
Washington, D. C.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That H. A. Hall, W. C.
Porter, Will A. Short, James Cross, J. H.
Nightingale, D. S. Curtiss, L. Edwin Dudley,
G. M. Van Buren, Wm. S. Morse, Lawrence
Wilson, Wm. L. Bramhall, F. E. Drake, B.
P. Cutter, W. H. H. Bates, H. N. Eothery,
S. G. Merrill, Chas. A. Appel, 0. A. Luken-
baugh, J. S. Firman, John H. Simpson,
George W. De Costa, L. J. Bryant, J. H.
Gray, Lyman S. Emery, and A. I. Bennett,
and their successors in office, be, and they are
hereby incorporated and made a body politic
and corporate, by the name of the " Soldiers'
and Sailors' Union of the City of Washington,
D. C.," and by that name may sue and be
sued, plead and be impleaded in any court of
law or equity, and may have and use a com-
mon seal, and exercise the powers, rights, and
privileges incident to such corporations.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
said corporation shall be capable of acquiring,
receiving holding, and conveying'real and per-
sonal estate, not exceeding two hundred thou-
sand dollars in value; which estate shall never
be divided among the members of the corpora-
tion, but shall descend to their successors for
the promotion of the interests and general wel-
fare of the soldiers and sailors of this corpora-
tion, who have served in the Union Army or
Navy during the late war for the suppression
of the rebellion, and the relief and protection
of their widows and orphans.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That this
corporation shall have power to alter and amend
its constitution and by-laws: Provided, That
they do not conflict with the laws of the Uni-
ted States or the laws of the corporation of the
city of Washington, D. C.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That said
corporation shall not exercise banking privi-
leges, or issue or put in circulation any bank
note, paper, token, scrip, or device, to be used
as currency.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That Con-
gress reserves the right to alter or repeal this
act at any time.
Approved, July 25, 1866.
Chap. CCXL.—An Act legalizing Marriages
and for other purposes in the District of
Columbia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That all colored persons
in the District of Columbia, who, previous to
their actual emancipation, had undertaken and
agreed to occupy the relation to each other of
husband and wife, and are coliabitingtogetlier
as such or in any way recognizing the relation
as still existing at the time of the passage of
this act, whether the rites of marriage have
been celebrated between them or not, shall be
deemed husband and wife, and be entitled to
all the rights and privileges, and subject to the
duties and obligations of that relation in like
manner as if they had been duly married ac-
cording to law, and all their children shall be
deemed legitimate, whether born before or after
the passage of this act. And when the parties
have ceascd to cohabit before the passage of
this act, in consequence of the death of the
woman, or from any other cause, all the chil-
dren of the woman rec[oJgnized by the man to
be his shall be deemed legitimate.
Approved, July 25, 18GG.
Chap. CCXLI.—An Act granting Lands to the
State of Kansas to aid in the Construction
of the Kansas and Neosho Valley Railroad
and its Extension to Bed River.
jBe it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That for the purpose of
aiding the Kansas and Neosho Valley Railroad
Company, the same being a corporation organ-
ized under the laws of the State of Kansas, to
construct and operate a railroad from the east-
ern terminus of the Union Pacific Railroad,
eastern division, at the line between Kansas
and Missouri, at or near the mouth of the Kan-
sas river, on the south side thereof, southwardly,
through the eastern tier of counties in Kansas,
with a view of its extension, so as to effect a
junction at Red river with a railroad now being
constructed from Galveston to Red river at or
near Preston, in Texas, there is hereby granted
to the State of Kansas, for the use and benefit
of the said railroad company, every alternate
section of land or parts thereof, designated by
odd numbers, to the extent of ten sections per
mile on each side of said road, to be selected
within twenty miles ofrom [of] the line of said
road; but in case it shall appear that the Uni-
ted States have, when the line of said road is
definitely located, sold any section, or any part
thereof, granted as aforesaid, or that the right '
of preemption or homestead settlement has
attached lo the same, or that the same has
been reserved by the United States for any
purpose whatever, then it shall be the duty of
the Secretary of the Interior to cause to be
selected for the purposes aforesaid, from the
public lands of the United States nearest to the
sections above specified, so much land as shall
be equal to the amount of such lands as the
United States have sold, reserved, or otherwise
appropriated, or to which the right of home-
stead settlement or preemption has attached as
aforesaid, which lands, thus indicated by the
direction of the Secretary of the Interior, shall
be reserved and held for the State of Kansas
for the use of said company by the said Secre-
tary for the purpose of the construction and
operation of said railroad, as provided by this
act: Provided, That any and all lands hereto-
fore reserved to the United States by any act
of Congress, or in any other manner by com-
petent authority, for the purpose of aiding in
any object of internal improvement or other
purpose whatever, be, and the same are hereby,
reserved and excepted from the operation of
this act, except so far as it may be found ne-
cessary to locate the route of said road through
such reserved lauds, in which case the right of
way two hundred feet in width is hereby granted,
subject to the approval of the President of the
United States: Andprovidedfvrther, That none
of the lands hereby granted shall be selected
beyond twenty miles from the said road.
Sue. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
sections and parts of sections of land which
by the aforesaid grant shall remain in the United
States, within ten miles on each side of said
road, shall not be sold for less than double the
minimum price of public lands when sold, nor
shall any of said lands become subject to sale
at private entry until the same shall have been
first offered at public sale to the highest bidder,
at or above the minimum price aforesaid: Pro-
vided, That actual bona fide settlers under the
preemption laws of the United States may,
after due proof of settlement, improvement,-
and occupation, as now provided by law, pur-
chase the same at the price fixed for said lands
at the date of such settlement, improvement,
and occupation: And "provided also, That set-
tlersundcr the provisions of the homestead act,
who make their settlement after the passage
of this act, and comply with the terms'and
requirements of said act, shall be entitled,
within the said limits of ten miles, to patents
for an amount not exceeding eighty acres each.
Seo. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
grant of lands hereby made is upon condition
that said company, after the construction of
its road, shall keep it in repair and use, and
that [it will] at all times be in readiness to
transport troops, munitions of war, supplies,
and public stores upon its road for the Govern-
ment, when required to do so by any depart-
ment thereof, at the cost, charge, and expense
of said company. And the lands hereby
granted, held, and reserved as aforesaid shall
inure to the benefit of said company,a§ follows:
when the Governor of the State of Kansas shall
certify that any section of ten consecutive miles
