1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3787
and we were obliged to undertake it at that
early day single-handed and alone, and we have
f*one on with it. Now, it seems to me it is a
little ungracious to send this foreign corpora-
tion there to occupy our soil without our con-
sent. Under these circumstances, isittoo much
for New York to ask that this thing may be sus-
pended for a few months, that she may see
what she can do in the case, that this corpo-
ration may not now be created and Vested with
this power irrevocably to go c a and occupy the
soil and territory of New York and to construct
this work under the circumstances I have men-
tioned ?
Again, sir, New York is proud of these im-
provements. She has a right to be. Her peo-
ple are sensitive in relation to them. And now
for Congress to pass this bill and send this cor-
poration there with the powers that it is pro-
posed to confer upon them will inevitably create
great excitement and agitation : and this is cer-
tainly not the best time to excite and agitate
the people. We have questions of excitement
and agitation quite enough on our hands now.
I hope, therefore, for this reason, that the Sen-
ate will postpone the consideration of this bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the Sen-
ate ready for the question on the motion of the
Senator from New York [Mr. Morgan] to post-
pone the further consideration of this bill until
the second Tuesday in December next?
Mr. HOWE. On that question I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I trust
that this motion will not prevail, and particu-
larly at this stage of the bill. The friends of
the bill have not yet been able to perfect it;
and while it is in Committee of the Whole, not
yet reported to the Senate, the Senator from
New York moves to postpone it until the next
session. I think we ought to be permitted to
get the bill in as perfect a shape as we can,
coming from a committee of this body, and an
important provision of it not yet having been
voted upon in the Senate, before this motion
is made.
But, sir, I trust that it will not be postponed
at any rate. If I can get the attention of Sena-
tors for a few moments I should like to answer
some of the objections made to this bill, founded,
I think, not in fact. The Senator from Maine
[Mr. Fessexden*] objected, or raised a ques
tion about its constitutionality. The Senator
from Iowa [Mr. Grimes] objects to this work
being done by a company, and the objection is
made that this is a novel proceeding; the au-
thority of Congress is called in question. I
think if the bill is looked at and its provisions
understood, there will be no difficulty on that
subject. It is no new thing in this Government,
certainly, for the Government to undertake in-
ternal improvements of a national character.
We have appropriated money for years to im-
prove the Mississippi river; and what is this
but making a canal around the falls of Niagara,
on one of the greatest, I may say the greatest
thoroughfare in this nation—a thoroughfare
over which hundreds of millions of commerce
passes annually—the most important in the
nation ? Have we not authority to canal around
those falls? We have appropriated a,t this very
session of Congress money to improve the Mis-
sissippi river at the Bock Island rapids. Does
anybody doubt the authority, if it _ shall be
thought most advisable, to make that improve-
ment by canalling around the rapids at Rock
Island V If we have authority to make the im-
provement, then, sir, we have authority to make
that improvement in the most effective and
judicious manner.
But it is objected that a company is going to
do this. Who made the improvements on the
Ohio river, at the falls of the Ohio, at Louis-
ville? How was that improvement made?
There is a canal around the falls of the Ohio,
and vessels are locked around those falls. Who
did that? It was not done directly by the Gov-
ernment of the United States, though the Gov-
ernment of the United States invested a large
sum of- money in that improvement; and how ?
They took stock in the Louisville and Portland
canal under an act of Congress passed as long
ago as 1826. The Secretary of the Treasury
was authorized and directed to subscribe for,
and purchase, in the name and for the use of
the United States, not exceeding one thousand
shares of the capital stock of the Louisville
and Portland Canal Company. We, at a sub-
sequent period, purchased additional stock in
the Louisville and Portland Canal Company;
and that improvement was made, and has been
in use for years. How does that differ in prin-
ciple, I should like to know, from the improve-
ment proposed to be made around the falls of
Niagara? It is true, the Louisville and Port-
land Canal Company was not chartered by
Congress ; but it will not be doubted that Con-
gress has authority to create a corporation.
We have done that often; and if we could
make use of a corporation created by the Le-
gislature of Kentucky or of Ohio or of another
State, and could become a joint stockholder
with the corporation thus created, for the pur-
pose of making an improvement around the
falls of the Ohio, may we not become a joint
stockholder with a company which we ourselves
create for the purpose of making the improve-
ment around the falls of Niagara?
But it is complained that we have no esti-
mate ; that this improvement is to cost a great
many million dollars. Why, sir, the improve-
ment is to be undertaken by the company, not
by the Government of the United States; and
by the provisions of this bill, until the com-
pany shall have expended §2,000,000 the Gov-
ernment of the United States furnishes noth-
ing. Is there no guarantee in this for the safety
of the Government? Again, the Government
of the United States does not propose to do
this work; it is a mere loan to this company.
By the provisions of the bill every dollar loaned
to the company is to be returned again to the
Government of the United States; the company
is to make this first expenditure of $2,000,000
before it receives anything, and then fromiliat
time forward the company is to expend more
money than it borrows from the Government
of the United States. When it spends $300,000,
I think, by this bill it is permitted to borrow
$200,000 from the Government of the Uni-
ted States. After it has expended the first
$2,000,000, then it must go on and spend
three fifths of all the money subsequently
that is used in making the improvement; the
Government of the United States furnishing
about two fifths, and that on a loan. That is
this bill. Can there be any danger to the finances
of the country in passing such a bill? But the
Senator from New York tells us that we must
wait, wait upon New York. He tells us that
the.Erie canal has capacity to carry a thousand
tons 
Mr. HARRIS. A million tons.
Mr. TRUMBULL. A million tons of produce
more than it has ever taken before. That may
be true, if you could use it to its utmost capa-
city all the time; but how often is it blocked
up, so that there is delay? Again, let me say
to the Senator from New York that the great
amount of commerce that is to pass from the
West to the East and from the East to the
West does not want to be dependent upon the
Erie canal and the rates of toll that may be
established upon it.
Mr. GRIMES. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him how produce is going to get out of
Lake Ontario when it gets through this N iag-
ara ship-canal, except by the New York Cen-
tral railroad?
Mr. HARRIS. They propose to take it
down through the St. Lawrence.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We will take it every
way. We will avail ourselves of every avenue
to the ocean. That is what the people of my
State and the people of the State of Iowa want.
It is to open other avenues, increase the facili-
ties and cheapen the expense of transportation.
That is what we are after. We want to cheapen
the expense, so that the state of things spoken
of by the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Wade] the
other dav—an extreme case, which has very
seldom occurred—where corn was burnt for
fuel, will not arise again. A wrong impression
goes out to the country and to the world by
these statements about burning corn for fuel.
Such a case may have occurred, a solitary case;
but, sir, my State is the greatest corn-growing-
State in the Union, and I never saw afire made
of corn. I have never seen corn used for fuel,-
although I doubt not there may have been,
-under some peculiar circumstances when there
was inconvenience, perhaps, in procuring fire-
wood, an instance where corn may have been*
used in that way. In all my residence in the
State and acquaintance in it, however, I never
knew or had brought to my knowledge a case
of the kind. But, sir, I have seen corn sold
out of the wagon in Illinois and delivered at
the stable at eight cents a bushel; and dur-
ing the last season in many portions of my
State it has sold for fifteen cents a bushel.
Now, sir, we are interested, and deeply in-
terested, in multiplying these ways to the ocean.
We think it will aid us to some extent to have
a canal around the falls of Niagara. It is-a
great national work. It is put upon the ground
of the authority of the Federal Government to
make an improvement which is national. Even
John C. Calhoun, the strictest of the construc-
tionists of the South, admitted, at a conven-
tion held on the Mississippi river at Memphis
some years ago, that the Mississippi river was
an inland sea, and that the Federal Govern-
ment had authority to improve it because it
was a great inland sea. It is no more a great
inland sea than the great lakes are; and the
hundreds of millions of commerce that pass
through these lakes and seek an outlet to the
ocean should have every facility afforded that
the Government can give for cheap transpor-
tation.
Now, sir, I trust that we shall not postpone
this measure. It is one in which my constitu-
ents take a great interest. It involves no im-
mediate drain upon the Treasury. Not a dol-
lar is to bo called for, be it remembered, until
this company shall have expended $2,000,000,
and then not a dollar until the company shall
expend three dollars for every two which it
borrows of the Government. Under these cir-
cumstances I trust that the Senate will consent
at least to let us perfect this bill, and when per-
fected I hope it will consent to pass it.
Mr. HOWE. I did not mean to say anything
more in the progress of this debate. I only
rise now to correct the figures submitted to the
Senate just now by the Senator from New York.
He states the expenditures by the State of New
York for the construction of her canals—not
in the construction of the Erie canal, but of all
her canals—at about one hundred and sixty
million dollars, of which he says only about
ninety millions have been refunded, leaving a
debt on the State of about seventy millions.
Mr. HARRIS. No, sir; I stated that the ex-
penditures upon the canals were $166,000,000;
that about ninety millions had been received
back from tolls; that the other seventy-five or
seventy-six millions had been provided for
otherwise, of which, however, there is a debt
of only thirty-three millions on the State. The
rest has been paid by the State from other
sources.
Mr. HOWE. The report of the canal board
made on the 12th of March, 18G6, states the
account somewhat differently. It is here stated
that all the canals of the State have cost in con-
struction, land damages, superintendence, re-
pairs, interest on loans, and everything else,
m round numbers, about one hundred million
dollars, instead of one hundred and sixty-six
millions, and have paid back between eighty-
three and eighty-four millions, leaving a debt
upon them to-day of about sixteen millions.
The report also states:
"No direct taxation upon the people on account
of the canals remains to-day unpaid, but on the con-
trary the treasury of the State has been reimbursed,
principal and interest, in full, and has now in its cof-
fers nearly one million dollars from the canal rev-
enue in advance of any taxation for canal purposes.
The Brie canal account shows the gratifying result
of a credit of over nine million dollars above all cost
to the State."
