1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2827
portion of the bill which charges the soldier
with the local bounties. In addition to that,
I desired to offer the further amendment which
■ I have indicated. That is all that 1 wished to
say.
Mr, BANKS. Will the gentleman from
Ohio [llr. Schenck] now yield to me for a
moment?
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, sir.
-Mr. BANKS. I understand from the state-
ment of the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, from which this bill
is reported, that as the bill now stands, the
House having adopted a substitute, any State
that has paid bounties up to the amount of
$300 will get nothing, under this bill, while it
will be compelled to insist in paying the boun-
ties to the soldiers of those States that have
not granted any bounties. _ I ask the gentle-
man whether I am correct in my understand-
ing of the effect of this bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I apprehend that there
are very few States in which bounties have not
been given at all, either by the State or by the
counties or other municipal organizations or
by voluntary associations, and where the aggre-
gate local bounty has not exceeded $300.
Where that is the case, of course no benefit
will be obtained under this bill.
Mi-. BANKS. I understand it to be this:
that the State which has paid bounties to the
amount of $300 gets nothing, and is compelled
at the same time to pay, or assist in paying,
the bounties of States which have not paid
them.
Mr. SCHENCK. Those States have the
satisfaction of having treated their soldiers
well.
Mr. BANKS. It is a surprise to the House
that we should be called upon to vote for or
against appropriations of this kind.
Mr. SCHENCK. I call for the vote.
Mr. ANCONA demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. BANKS. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the main question was ordered; and
On that motion I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
The House was divided; and there were—
ayes 68, noes 42.
Mr. BANKS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yea^ and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 77, nays 62, not voting
44; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ancona, Anderson, Delos
H. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baxter, Blaine, Boyer,
Bucklaud, Bundy, Reader W.Clarke, Cobb, Darling,
Dawson, Defrees, Delano,Denison, Donnelly, Driggs,
Eekley, Eggleston, Eldridgc, Garfield, Grider, Hale,
Aaron Harding, Iligby, Ilogan, Holmes, Asahel W.
gubbard. Chester D. Hubbard, John II. Hubbard,
dwin JT. Hubbell, James R. Hubbell, Ingersoll,
Kelley, Kelso, Kerr, Kuykendall, George V. Law-
rence, Le Blond, Longyear, Marston, Marvin, Mc-
Clurc. McKee, McRuer, Moorhead, Morrill, Myers,
Newell, Kiblack, O'Neill, Paine, Patterson, Plants,
Price, Samuel J. Randall, William II. Randall, Rit-
ter, Rousseau, Sawyer, Schenck, Seofield, Shellabar-
eer, Sitgreaves, Sloan, Spalding, Strouse, Thayer,
Trimble, Trowbridge, Upson, Welker, Williams,
Stephen F. Wilson, and Woodbridge—77.
NAYS —Messrs. Alley, Ames, Baker, Baldwin,
Banks, Bcarnan, Bergen, Brandegee, Bromwell,
Chanler, Sidney Clarke, Conkling, Cook, Cullom,
Davis, Davyes, Doming, Dixon, Dumont, Eliot, Farns-
worth, Farquhar, Ferry, Goodyear, Abner C. Hard-
ing, Henderson, Hooper, Hotehkiss, Demas Hub-
bard, James Humphrey, James M. Humphrey, Ju-
lian, Ketebarcn Laflin, William Lawrence, Loan,
Lynch, Marshall, MeCullough, Morris, Nicholson
Perham, Phelps. Pike, Radford, Alexander H. Rice,
John H. Rice, Rogers, Rollms, Ross, Stevens, Stil-
well, Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas, Van Aer-
nam, Burt Van Horn, Ward, Henry D. Washburn,
William B. Washburn, Whaley, James F. Wilson,
and Wviccht—G2.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Barker, Benjamin, Bid-
well, Bingham, Blow, Boutwell, Broomall, Coffroth,
Culver, Dodge, Finck. Glossbrenner, Grinnell, Gris-
woid, Harris, Hart, Ilayes, Hill, Hulburd, Jenekes,
Johnson, Jones, Kasson, Latham, Melndoe, Mereur,
Miller, Aloulton, Noell, Orth, Pomeroy, Raymond,
Shanklin, Smith, Starr, Taber, Taylor, Thornton,
Robert T. Van Horn, Warner, Elihu B. Washburne,
Wentworth, Windom, and Winfield—44.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon
the table.
During the vote,
Mr. CtXLLOM stated that Mr. Orth, was
confined to his room by illness.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
The question then recurred on the passage
of the bill.
Mr. ANCONA demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 189, nays 2, not voting
42; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames. Ancona, An-
derson, Delos R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baker,
Baldwin, Banks, Baxter, Beaman, Bergen, Bidwell,
Blaine, Boy er, Bromwell, Buekland, Bundy, Chanler,
Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Conkling,
Cook, Cullom, Darling, Davis, Dawes, Dawson, De-
frees, Delano, Deming, Denison, Dixon, Dodge,
Donnelly, Driggs, Dumont, Eckley, Eggleston, El-
dridge, Eliot, Farnsworth, Farquhar, Ferry, Garfield,
Grider, Griswold, Hale, Aaron Harding, Abner C.
Harding, Henderson, Iligby, Ilogan, Holmes, Hooper,
Hotehkiss, Asahel W.Hubbard, ChesterD. Hubbard,
Demas Hubbard. John II. Hubbard, Edwin N. Hub-
bell, James R. Hubbell, James Humphrey, James
M. Humphrey, Ingersoll, Julian, Kelley, Kelso,
Kerr, Keteham, Kuykendall, Laflin, George V.
Lawrence, William Lawrence, Le Blond, Loan,
Longyear, Lynch, Marshall, Marston, Marvin, Mc-
Clurg, McCullougli, MuKee, McRuer, Moorhead,
Morrill, Morris, Myers, Newell, Niblaek, O'Neill,
Paine, Patterson, Pcrham, Phelps. Pike, Plants,
Price, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, William II. Ran-
dall, Alexander H. Rice, John H. Rice, Ritter,
Rogers. Rollins, Ross, Rousseau, Sawyer, Schenck,
Scofield, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Sloan, Spalding,
Stevens, Stilwell, Strouse, Taylor, Thayer, Francis
Thomas, John L. Thomas, Trowbridge, Upson, Van
Aernam.BurtVanHorn.Ward,Henry D.Washburn,
William B. Washburn, Welker, Whaley, Williams,
James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Woodbridge,
and Wright—139,
NAYS—Messrs. Nicholson and Trimble—2.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Barker, Benjamin, Bing-
ham, Blow, Boutwell, Brandegee, Broomall, Coffroth,
Culver, Finck. Glossbrenner, Goodyear, Grinnell,
Harris, Hart, Hayes, Hill, Hulburd, Jenekes, John-
son, Jones, Kasson, Latham, Melndoe, Mercur,
Miller, Moulton, Noell, Orth, Pomeroy, Raymond,
Shanklin, Smith, Starr, Taber, Thornton, Robert T.
Van Horn, Warner, Elihu B. Washburne, Went-
worth, Windom, and Winfield—42.
So the bill was passed.
During the roll-call,
Mr. CULLOM said: The gentleman from
Indiana, Mr. Orth, is ill. If he was here he
would vote for the bill.
Mr. RADFORD. My colleague, Mr. win-
field, is confined to his room by sickness. If
here he would vote in the affirmative.
Mr. STILWELL. My colleague, Mr. Hill,
is confined to his house by sickness. If here
he would vote for the bill.
Mr. LE BLOND. My colleague, Mr. Finck,
is absent. If here he would vote in favor of
this bill.
Mf. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. My col-
league, Mr. Coffroth, is absent. If here he
•would vote for the bill.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. The gentleman from
Minnesota, Mr. Windom, is absent. If pres-
ent he would vote "ay."
Mr. ANCONA. My colleague, Mr. John-
son, is still detained by sickness. If here he
would vote for the bill.
Mr. COBB. My colleague, Mr. McIndoe,
is absent by leave of the House. If here he
would vote "ay."
Mr. CULLOM. My colleague, Mr. Moul-
ton, is absent. If he was here he would vote
for the bill.
The vote having been announced as above
recorded,
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote just taken; and also moved that the mo-
tion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
leave of absence.
Mr. ANCONA asked and obtained leave of
absence for his colleague, Mr. Denison, for
two weeks from to-day.
appraisement of land ix ohio.
On motion of Mr. LE BLOND, the report
of the Secretary of the Interior, in relation to
the appraisement of certain land in Ohio be-
longing to William Sawyer and others, was
taken from the Speaker's table and referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
conference committee.
The SPEAKE R announced that Mr. Gloss-
brenner was excused from service on the con-
ference committee on House bill No. 85, in
relation to the donation of lands in the south-
ern States for homesteads, and Mr. Ancona
was appointed in his place.
adjournment over.
Mr. SPALDING-. I move that when the
House adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on
Monday.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire the House should
be^ long enough in session to finish the tax bill
this week.
The motion was not agreed to'.
tax bill.
Mr. MORRILL moved that the rules bo sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rales were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Dawes in the chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of the special order, being a bill of the
House (No. 513)^ to amend an act entitled
''An act to provide internal revenue to sup-
port the Government, to pay interest on the
public debt, and for other purposes," approved
June 80, 1864, and acts amendatory thereof.
The pending paragraph was as follows:
Tin cans used for preserved meats, fish, shell-fish,
fruits, vegetables, jams, and jellies.
Mr. KELLEY. I move to strike out all
after the word " for " and insert the words " for
packing purposes only so that it will read,
"tin cans used for packing purposes only."
We have already included "packing-boxes
made of wood." Now, packing-boxesare used
for a variety of articles, and the amendment
simply proposes to embrace all tin vessels
made for packing purposes only. It may be
said that crackers and other articles are sent
out in tin cans. That is very true. There is
no reason why they should not be, nor any
reason why the box containing them, if made
of tin, should be taxed while a wooden box in
which they might be sent is exempt from tax.
Mr. MORRILL. These tin cans for pre-
served meats, fish, fruits, &c., are exempted
because we have placed a stamp duty on those
articles. The gentleman proposes to exclude
from taxation by his amendment a great variety
of articles—not only boxes and cans for crack-
ers, but for such articles as blacking, soda
powders, ground mustard, sardines, pill-boxes,
and other articles too numerous to mention.
Mr. KELLEY. I suggest a modification.
Mr. MORRILL. My modification is to
reject the amendment.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I move
to strike out the word "and" and to insert
"spices and medicines."
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to add the follow-
ing as a new paragraph:
Sugar, molasses, or sirup made from beets, sugar-
maple, or from sorghum or impb.ee.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. With the leave of the com-
mittee I will here offer such amendments as
have been agreed upon by the Committee of
Ways and Means, so that members may under-
stand what are to be offered by the committee
and what not, and where they are to come in.
Mr. THAYER. I have no objection if it is
understood that we have not passed this para-
graph.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to insert after line
eighty-five "muriatic, nitric, and acetic acid."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. In line eighty-six, after
the word "alum." insert "aluminous cake,
patent alum, and sulphate of aluminum."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. After line ninety-two
insert " nitrate of lead."
The amendment was agreed to.
