1868
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
1818 ; and the American fishermen will again
be permitted to enjoy their share of the fish-
eries on the open sea up to the line of three miles
from the coast.
But I have no idea that the American Gov-
ernment will ever consent to have that three
miles measured from a line drawn from head-
land to headland of these great bays. The
claim is entirely preposterous; the law officers
of the Crown, moreover, based the decision they
gave upon an error in point of fact. The lan-
guage they used is, that "the term 'headland,'
used in the treaty of 1818, was evidently in-
tended to mean the headlands of these great
bays." But it so happens that the word "head-
land' ' was not used in that treaty at all; it is
not to be found in it from beginning to end.
And it indicates a great laxity and careless-
ness in the examination of the case for the law
officers of the Crown to introduce so capital
an error as this into their ease, and base their
decision upon it.
Mr. STEVENS. If all these previous trea-
ties have been abrogated, would not the law
of nations authorize our fishermen to go every-
where within a marine league of the shore?
Mr. RAYMOND. Does the gentleman ask
my opinion or the construction given by the
Government authorities?
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the opinion of the
Committee on Foreign. Affairs, who have ex-
amined this subject.
Mr. RAYMOND. I will state that my own
opinion is that if all the treaties are abrogated,
we fall back on the rights which we enjoyed
before any treaty stipulations were made ; and
that those rights, under the law of nations,
unquestionably give us the right to fish any-
where along the coast on the great highway of
nations. I do not know that the law of nations
would give us the right to land on the coast to
dry.and cure the fish caught. But I am quite
sure that under the rights we had originally,
our fishermen could fish clear up to the coast.
I take it the reason for limiting the right to
fish to a point beyond a line three miles from
the coast grows out of the presumption—I do
not know that it is a presumption of interna-
tional law, but I think it is—that the jurisdiction
of every nation overthewateis alorigtheir coasts
extends to the distance to which that nation
may be supposed capable of defending it, that
is, the distance to which a cannon-ball can be
thrown from the shore.
Mr. PIKE. I call the attention of the gen-
tleman from New York to the fact that the
language of the treaty of 1783 is, that the high
contracting parties "recognize'' the rights of
our fishermen ''to fish where they have here-
tofore been accustomed to fish.'' Thus the
whole matter was placed upon the basis of an
established practice of very long standing.
Even after the great expeditions fitted out in
New England to wrest those fishing grounds
from the Trench, our fishermen' had been ac-
customed to use the grounds now in dispute.
I call his attention also to the fact that the
reciprocity treaty makes no mention of the con-
dition of affairs after it shall have expired. It
is silent upon that important subject.
Having introduced the resolution which forms
the basis of this preliminary report, I desire to
say that I had no belligerent purpose in doing
so, although 1 have been accused of it in some
quarters. I wished simply to set on foot some
measures for the protection of a valuable in-
terest.
The House is aware that these fishing grounds
are thronged by perhaps a thousand vessels
from our States, manned byvery active, ener-
getic, and quick-witted men, and are also sought
by a still larger number of vessels from the
Provinces, each jealous of their rights. If
these parties, having no responsibility upon
them except to got what they can, are allowed
to adjudicate this great question of right, it can
b^fcasily seen that trouble will be very likely
to arise -, particularly if the Provinces lake the
matter into their hands, as I see by the dis-
cussions of the provincial Legislatures, they
already show some disposition to do.
They propose to have what they call an armecT
police force, to be under orders to enforce the
absurd rules of interpretation which the pro-
vincial authorities always adopted in regard to
the convention of 1818, and thus they would
practically exclude us from some of the most
valuable grounds along the provincial coasts.
Now, the House is well aware that this branch
of business consists mainly of labor. These
fishing vessels are manned by three, four, and
five times as many men as are required for ves-
sels of the same size in the ordinary mercantile
service ; and so long as there remains any doubt
in regard to their rights, or any doubt whether
they can be protected, this labor cannot sustain
itself in a pursuit thus rendered triply uncertain.
It is but poorly remunerated when left to contend
with the rivalries of those engaged in it, and
with the inherent difficulties it encounters, both
with regard to the catch and the markets. In
introducing the resolution I was desirous, in
the first place, to establish clearly what rights
our fishermen have on those grounds, and in
the second place, to make known as clearly
that those rights, being once established, shall
be amply protected. I hope the resolution will
pass as a preliminary movement.
Mr. RAYMOND. In the statement which
I made of the provisions of the several treaties
on this subject I simply desired to put the
House in possession of the leading facts, the
principal being that, by the abrogation of the
treaty of 1854, we are thrown back upon pre-
vious treaties, and I think upon the treaty of
1818. The necessity for taking some action in
this matter has been very well stated by the
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Pike.]
Mr. MOULTON. Has any information been
received recently from the British Government
of the steps they have taken or propose to take
in regard to the present condition of the fish-
eries?
Mr. RAYMOND. I am not aware that the
British Government lias given to this Govern-
ment any official information of the steps it has
taken in connection with this matter. But I
find in the London Times of March 17 an ed-
itorial article embracing a statement in rela-
tion to the termination of the reciprocity treaty.
As it may have some interest to the House, I
will read it:
" It is fair, however, to remind the Americans that
the termination of the treaty is their work, not ours,
and that if any differences arise we have done our
best to prevent them. Now, one of tlie right? which
the Americans possess under the treaty is that of
fishing in British waters. The coast of British North
America is one of the finest fishing gi-ounds in the
world, and it will be m the memory of mo^t of oar
readers how long and biTOr were the dispersions
between the adventurous New llnglandeis. who \ e
continually trespassing.and thcjoalousXova Scotiany
and Newfoundlanders, who were as constantly driving
them off. The reciprocity treaty put an end to tliote
disputes by giving the American fishermen the right
to come into om waters in return for a ranch less val-
uable concession on their part: and tor twelve years
they have followed their calling in peace. But now
thoir rights come to an end. These people who hare
been accustomed for so many years to a certain fish-
ing ground, and who probably have come to look
upon it as their owns, must now be content to retire,
or come into eolh-ion with the Canadian authorities.
" We believe a vessel-of-war will be placed on the
coast for the purpose of seeing that the rights which
revert to the British Crown are not infringed, and
also to pre vent collisions bet ween the fishermen of the
Provinces and ol the United States. The American
fishermen will be duly warned, and after a fixed tune
the exclusion of their boats will be enforced. We
trust they ^will understand that the restriction is
caused by the act of their own Government, and that
if they suffer, theii grievances can only be removed
at Washington. Whenever the States think fit to
conclude anothei" treaty, American fishermen will
recover their former rights."
Now, in that article there is perhaps no
unfair or improper statement, except what is
conveyed in the omission to state that the only
ground from which they have any shadow of
right to warn our fishermen is that small strip
embraced within three miles of the coa=t. I
think it quite proper that the British should
send an armed vessel to act as a police, and
prevent collisions. I think it equally proper,
and equally necessary, that our Government
should do the same. Upon that point there is
no difference of opinion in the Committee on
Foreign Affairs. I have no doubt at all the
Government has taken such steps. 1 do not
anticipate any collision of interest there, al-
though I can well understand that if the claims
of each party were pushed to their extreme
limit, there might be danger of conflict likely
to result in war.
Certainly, the American interest in those
fisheries is one worth preserving at any cost;
one which we cannot abandon, but must pro-
tect at all hazards. And it is important that
a sufficient force should be sent by our Gov-
ernmQnt to afford this protection, and to pre-
vent conflicts, so far as possible, by all just and
proper means, while negotiations are pending,
should our Government see fit to invite or in-
stitute negotiations for the permanent security
of our rights with regard to those fisheries.
I am instructed by the committee to submit
a resolution calling for information, which I •
will read:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be respectfully requested to inform this House what
steps have been taken to protect the rights and inter-
ests of American citizens on the fishing grounds
adjacent to the British Piovinces, and wdiether any
legislation or other action on the part of Congress is,
in his judgment, necessary to secure thoserights and
interests in consequence of 'the abrogation of the
reciprocity treaty of 1854.
I 'may add, Mr. Speaker, that if that reso-
lution passes, the House will receive a prompt
response, and will receive sirch information as
will serve as the basis for whatever action this
House may deem proper to take. And I think
I can say further, though without any official
authority to say it, that steps have been taken
to secure our rights up to the present time, and
that information of what those steps are will be
readily given to the House.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. RAYMOND moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bill and joint resolution signed.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that they had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled the following
bill and joint resolution; when the Speaker
signed the same:
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 105) giving con-
struction to the law in relation to bounties
payable to soldiers discharged for wounds ; and
An act (H. R. No. 894) for the relief of the
estate of E. W. Eddy.
united states revenue commission.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the Committee on Print-
j ing, reported back the following resolution,
with several amendments:
Rc>ohcd, That there be printed for the use of the
House twenty thousand extra copies, and for the n«o
ofthe Treasury Department two thousand copies of
the following special reports of the tinted States
revenuecommis^ion: report on di°tilledspirih ; petro-
leum; proprietary medicines, Are.: on the inilu-
] ence of the duplication of taxation on indunry; on
theielation;, of foreign tiade to domestic indu try;
on iron andstcel; on wool: on coppei andzinc: '•■elec-
tions from the testimony relative to the development
of the cotton trade and industry; and the rcpoit to
the commission on the taxation and manuf.i'-t'ue of
malt, liquois in Europe: and that the PnMir Printer
be instructed to reserve from theextracomcsordercd
for the House ten thousand copies, and from the t epies
ordered for the _Trea ry JJepartmcnt one thou-aod
copies, and to bind the same in eunneeiinn \Wh rho.
other general and special reports ■ >f the cnmi,ii--j.>n,
in such a manner as to present all too rcpoits of the
commission complete in one vol umo; nnd the Pi inter
ic? authorized to mint any additional oopi«> <>i the
reports heretofore ordered if necessary to make leu
thousand complete hclri.
First amendment:
Strike out "twenty" and insert "seven,"so that
it v,-ill read "seven thou^md."
The amendment was concurred in.
Second amendment:
Strike out " two" and in lieu thereof insert" one,"
so that it will read "one Ihou.-and."
The amendment was concurred in.
Third amendment:
Strike out "ten" and insert "five," so that it will
read "five thousand."
The amendment was concurred iu.
