2828
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May
Mr. MORRILL. I move to insert after line
eighty-nine "borax and boracic acid."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. After line ninety-four
insert "sulphur."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
also to insert "litharge and orange mineral."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to insert after line
one hundred and two "wine made of rhubarb,
currants, and berries."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL.' In line one hundred and
one, after "white lead," insert "red lead."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. In line ninety-six, after
" soda," insert'' sal-sodaalso, after the word
"pot" insert "pearl ashes."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. " I ask unanimous consent
to make a verbal amendment to an amendment
on page 76, offered by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Thayer,] which is as fol-
lows :
In any port of entry within which is embraced more
than tvrrj collection districts the Secretary of the
Treasury is hereby authorized to place all the bonded
warehouses in said port under the charge of one col-
lector of internal revenue to be by him designated;
and the collector so designated shall have entire
charge and control of all matters connected with said
bonded warehouses and the property stored therein.
I move to insert after the word "shall" the
words " under the regulations of the Secretary
of the Treasury."
Mr. THAYER. I accept that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to insert after
line ninety "calcined magnesia, carbonate of
magnesia."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD. Inline ninety-five I move
to <add "alumino-silicate of soda."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD. In line one hundred and
nine, after the word "distillation," I move to
insert "lubricating oil made of crude petro-
laum not exceeding in specific gravity thirty-
six degrees Baume's hydrometer."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask unanimous consent
t^.at the clerk of the Committee of Ways and
Means may make up this free list, when it is
completed, in alphabetical order. It was re-
ported in rather a confused state, and it will
be! still more so when we get through the bill.
No objection being made it was so ordered.
Mr. VAN AERNAM. I move to amend by
inserting before the line commencing "hemp
and jute," &c., the words " machines driven
by horse power and used exclusively for cut-
ting fire-wood, stave and shingle bolts." That
is a small machine, running a cross-cut saw,
and usually driven by one horse. I hope the
chairman of the committee will raise no objec-
tion to my amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Vajt Aernam] will include
"hand-saws" in his amendment. There are
a great many wood-sawyers who go about with
hand-saws, and they are now taxed as well as
others.
The CHAIRMAN. It is too late for the
gentleman from New York to accept anything,
as his amendment has already been adopted.
Mr. STEVENS. Then 1 move to insert
"hand-saws."
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. THAI ER. I move to insertafter "white
lead'' the words '' sulphuric, muriatic, nitric,
acetic, and other acids, when used in the chem-
ical factory producing them for the production
of other chemicals or salts."
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I raise
the point of order that this whole list is not
open to miscellaneous amendment; only so
much of it as has been read for amendment by
the Clerk. Unanimous consent was given to
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means [Mr. Morrill] to offer certain amend-
ments to this free list which had been agreed
upon by that committee; then we were to go
back to where the Clerk had left off reading.
Mr. THAYER. I withdraw my amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
Hemp and jute prepared for textile or felting pur-
poses; yarn and warp for weaving, braiding, or man-
ufacturing purposes exclusively.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
move to amend by inserting after what has just
been read, " wooden-ware and brooms made
from corn-brush or palm-leaf." In regard to
this amendment I wish to say that a part of it
was adopted yesterday and afterwards recon-
sidered through a misunderstanding of the vote
by many around me. Now, all I wish to say
is this: that I hope the Committee of Ways
and Means will allow my amendment to be
adopted, and when this bill and amendments
get into the House, if the other amendments
which have been adopted shall be voted down,
then the vote can betaken- on this amendment.
These very machines which yesterday we voted
to exempt are patented machines, the prices
of which the manufacturers control and upon
which the manufacturers make a great profit.
But the articles which I move to exempt are
articles which any person with $300 can man-
ufacture, but upon which the profits are very
small. Take the article of brooms, for instance,
manufactured from broom-corn. Under the
present law there is no revenue derived from
these articles, and therefore nothing will be
lost hy placing them upon the free list. By the
present law the products of every manufacturer
to the extent of $1,000 are exempted. Take
the State of Illinois, for instance, where prob-
ably more broom-corn is raised than in any
other State. The custom adopted there is for
the manufacturer to have his brooms manufac-
tured in different towns. But if you impose a
tax each farmer will employ a man to tie up
his brooms, and then sell them to the manu-
facturer, up to the amount of $1,000.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Kelley] said the other day that he would
make light so cheap that the poorest dwelling
should not be destitute of it. Now, it seems
to me that if there are any articles, particularly
in these cholera times, that ought to be free
from taxation, they are these articles of brooms
and wooden-ware, so that there should be no
excuse for not keeping dwellings clean .and
neat. I hope, therefore, the Committee of
Ways and Means will not object to this amend-
ment.
Mr. MORRILL. I certainly am not able to
appreciate the argument that because we have
already exempted something that should not
have been exempted therefore we should go on
still further in the same direction. I am leady
to concede that these articles are as much
entitled to exemption as some that have already
been exempted by the action of the Committee
of the Whole. But they are not more entitled
to exemption than many other articles which
might be mentioned, and upon which a tax is
to be laid, such as mop-handles, washing-
machines, wringing-machines, &c. Now, if
we cannot halt somewhere in this work of
exemption, as I have had occasion often to
remark before, we shall soon not have any arti-
cles left upon which to lay any tax.
Now, sir, I propose a sort of compromise
with my friend from Massachusetts, and that
is this: I will move to strike out the words
" wooden-ware," allowing brooms to remain
in. I conceive that there is more merit in his
suggestion as to brooms than with reference to
the wooden-ware. If the gentleman will com-
promise on this I shall be satisfied. I move to
amend the amendment by striking out' 'wooden-
ware. ::
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Chairman, the gentleman from Vermont says
that we might with the same propriety exempt
washing-machines. Now, sir, the difference
is simply this: a washing-machine or a wring-
iag-machine is covered fey a patent, and it is
an article which every family is not obliged to
have ; but wooden-ware includes articles which
every family must use. i
Mr. MORRILL. Then there is a greater "
necessity for the reduction on those machines,-
because they are articles everybody cannot
afford to use, and in their absence a greater
amount of the sweat of the brow must be ex-
pended.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Well,
Mr. Chairman, if the principle which the gen-
tleman advocates is that we are to reduce the
price of an article where it is controlled by a
monopoly and where it will make no differ-
ence if a tax be imposed, that is a different
principle from what I understood him to have
adopted. I understand him now to maintain
that while tin cans which are used to preserve
meats and fruits are exempted, articles of
wooden-ware, which every family must use,
should not be exempted.
On agreeing to the amendment to the amend-
ment, there were—ayed 28, noes 85; no quo-
rum voting^
The CHAIRMAN, under the rule, ordered
tellers, and appointed Mr. Washburn', of Mas-
sachusetts, and Mr. Morrill.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes thirty-seven, noes not counted.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Alum; aniline and aniline colors; bleaching pow-
ders; bichromate of potash; blue vitriol; copperas.
Mr. THAYER. I move to amend by add-
ing the following:
Sulphuric, muriatic, nitric, acetic, and other acids
when used in the chemical factory producing them
for the production of other chemicals or salts.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Muri-
atic, nitric, and acetic acid have already been
included.
Mr. MORRILL. All of those articles that
ought to be in are already inserted.
Mr. THAYER. I withdraw the amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
Oxide of zinc; nitrate of lead; paints; painters'
and paper st'ainers' colors; putty.; sulphur: salera-
tus; sal soda: soda ash; caustic soda; litharge, and
orange mineral; crude soda; aluminate of soda;
bicarbonate of soda; and silicate of soda; yeast
powders. *
Mr. O'NEILL. I move to amend by adding
"mead sold in bottles or from fountains, and
beer made from fruit." I have undei'Stood, Mr.
Chairman, that the Committee of Ways and
Means had intended to insert mead in the free
list.
Mr. MORRILL. I believe that the prop-
osition was considered, but the whole com-
mittee voted against it.
Mr. O'NEILL. Then I think the commit-
tee must have voted under a misapprehension.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sulphate of barytes, salts of tin, verdigris, white
lead, red lead, whiting; wine made of rhubarb, cur-
rants, and berries, not otherwise provided for; vege-
table, animal, and fish oils of all descriptions, not
otherwise provided for, including red oil or oleic
acid ; and admixtures of the same with parafime oil,
not exceeding in specific gravity thirty-six degrees
Baume's hydrometer; parafime, paraffine oil, not ex-
ceeding inspecific gravity thirty-six degrees Baume's
hydrometer, the product of a residuum of distilla-
tion ; lubricating oil made from crude petroleum,
coal, or sehale, not exceeding in specific gravity
thirty-six degrees Baume's hydrometer; crude pe-
troleum, and crude oil the product of the first and
single distillation of coal, shale, asphaltum, peat, or
other bituminous substances; tar and crude turpen-
tine.
Mr. DARLING. I move to amend by strik-
ing out in the last line of this paragraph the
words "tar and." My reason for offering the
amendment is simply this: feathers are taxed;
tar should also be taxed, as the two articles
have heretofore been extensively used in con-
nection with each other; and they should not
now be separated in the matter of taxation.
Mr. KELLEY". I hope the gentleman will
not insist on that amendment. He does not
know, perhaps, that if he should indnce this
Congress to impose a tax on tar he might
