1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
805
earnest and unwearied support. During the
rage of svar we get a glimpse into his soul from
Ilia privately .suggesting to Lou'siana that ''in
defining the franenise ,-ome of the colored peo-
ple might be let iiv'sayinjr, '-They would
probab!} help, in pome trying time to come, to
keep the jewel oi liberty iu the family of ii ce-
dent/ [i'Oug-eoiitinued and entiiuKiastic de-
jnonstralions of applause. ] in 1837 he avowed
himneH "not. in lavor of" what he improperly
'■called "negio citizenship;'1 for the Constilu-
tion discriminates between citizens and elect-
ors. Three days before his death he declared
his preference that "the elective franchise were
now conferred on the very intelligent,of the col-
ored men ami on those of them who served onr
cause as soldiers; 1 but he wished it done by
the States theinsehres; and he never harbored
the thought of exacting it from a new govern-
ment as a condiiion of its recognition. [Ap-
plause. J
'i lie last day of his life beamed with sunshine,
as he sent by the Speaker of this Houc;e his I
friendly greetings to the men of the liocky
mountains and the Paeilic slope: ashecontera;
placed the return of hundreds of thousands of
soid.ers to iruittul industry: as lie welcomed in
advance hundreds of thousands of emigrants
from Europe : as his eye kindled with enthusi-
asm at the coming wealth of the nation. And
60. with these thoughts tor his country, ho was
removed irom the toils and temptations of this
life and was at peace.
PAI.MKRSTOX AX!) LIXC01.X.
Hardly had the late President heenconsisnc-d
to the grave when the Prime ..Minister of Eng-
land died, full of years and honors. Falmer-
Bton traced his lineage to the time of the
Conqueror. Lincoln went hack only to his grand-
father. Pahnerston received his education from
the best scholars of Harrow. lidraijurg. and
Cambridge; Lincoln's early teachers weie the
silent foiesl. the prairie, the river, and the
stars. Pahnerston was in public life foi sixty
veais; Lincoln for but a tenth of that time.
Fahrierslou was a skillful guide of an estab
lished aristocracy; Lincoln a leader or rather
a cusnpanion of the people. Pahnerston was
exehiMv ely an Englishman, and made his boast
in the House of Commons that the interest of
England v. us his shibboleth: Lincoln thought
always of mankind as wellasofhi< own count ry.
and served human nature itself. Puknet«ton
from hi-' narrowness as an Englishman d d not
endear his country to any one court or to any
on" people, but rather caused ui;ea;ii,.'Si and
di-iike: Lincoln left Air.e.ica more l^iov-d
thjii ever by all the peoples of Europe. Pal-
mer'ton was sc lf-posse-.-ed and adont i:i rec-
onciling the claims of the faet'ons of th<- aris-
tocracy : Lincoln. IVuiik and ingenuous, knew
how to poise himself on the eoaiLc1 uig epin- i
)o:i  of the peo;.!e. Ptiimerstoii was capable j
of insolence toward the weal;, quick to the t
sen-e of honor, not heedful of right: Lincoln f
rc^cted counsel gnen only as a matter of j!
policy, and was not capable of being wil'fulh "
unjust. Palmer.-ton. essentially supeiiic'.al.
delighted in banter and knew how to diveit i
grave opposition by playful levity , Lincoln v.as i
a man of lnnuite jesi on his up-. with sudde.-t !
earnestness at hi- heart. Pahaerston v\a- a
fair representative of the aristocratic liberality ,
of the day, choosing for his tribunal, not the ,
conscience uf humanity, but the House of Com.
mons : Lincoln took to heart the eternal truths
of liberly, obeyed them a- the commands of .
Providence, and accepted lite human race as
the judge of hie> lideiily. Palnier-lon d'd uoth- I
ing that will endure: his gi eat achievement, the
separation of Belgium, placed that little king- !
doni where it must gravitate to France : Lin- |
coin finished a work v, hich all time cannot over- j
throw. Pulmerston is a shining example of the
ablest of a cultivated aristocracy ; Lincoln is the
genuine fruit of institutions where the laboring
man shares atid assists to form the great ideas
and desisns of his country. Pahnerston was
buried m Westminster Abbey by the order of
the Queen, and was followed by theliritbdi ark-
tocsacy to his grave, which alter a fe>v years
wilHiardly be no'ieed by the side of the graves
of 1' o.v and Chatham ; Lincoln was followed by
the sorrow ot his country across the continent
to bis resting-place in the heart of the Missis-
sippi valley, to be remembered through ail time
by his eountiymeii. and bs ail the peoples of the
woild. [Long-continued app.ausc.j
CONCLUSION'.
As the sum of all. the hand of Lincoln raised
the tiag; the American people was the hero of
the war ; and therefore the result is a new era
ot republicanism. 1 he disturbances in the coun-
try grew not out of anyth; ig republican, but
out of slavery, which is a part of the system of
hereditary wrong; and the expulsion of this
domestic anomaly opens to tho renovated na-
tion a career of undiuught-ofdignity and glory.
lotion to tne memorial exercises in honor of Abra-
ham Lincoln lie requested to communicate to Mr.
Banerolt the aforc?i i!jr resolution, vocpivehis answer
thereto, and present the same to both Houses oi Con-
gress.
And then, on motion of Mr. "WASHBURNE,
of Illinois, tat three o'clock and thirty-five
minutes p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
TYesday, February 13, 1866.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Iter. E. H. Gray.
Ihe Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
executive communication.
ri he PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
; the Senate a report of the Secretary of War,
1 in ~ 'jl,   1__
Ilenceiorth our country has a moral unity as ;j communicating', in compliance with a resolu:
the land ot tree labor ihe paity for slavery j; tion 0f tjie Senate of the r.di of February, the
and the party against slavety are no more and i; memorial of Brevet Brigadier General'6. S.
are merged m the party of union and freedom. •( Roberts, settine forth his views of a plan for
J he btales winch wetud have left us are not Maiming the swamps and waste lands of the
brought back as conquered Staler, for then we
•should hold them only so lung as that conquest
could be main!.lined ; they come to their nght-
ful placc under the Constitution as original,
necessary, and inseparable members oi' the
Union. [Applav_.se. [
We build monuments !o ihe dead, but no
monuments of victory. We reject the example
of the Romans, who never, even in conquered
lands, raised emblems of triumph. And our
g the swamps and waste lands of the
i basin of the lower Mississippi river: which vyas,
■ on motion of Mr. Foot, ordered to lie on the
tabic, and be printed.
>\e.\ator fieom alabama.
Mr. MOUG AX. I present the credentials of
Lewis E. Parsons, chosen a Senator from the
Slate of Alabama i'or the term commencing
Jiarch l&Go. As the State of Alabama is
one oi' the States that during a period of four
generals are not to be clashed in the herd of '' years has been in rebellion against, the United
Sta'cs, and as Congress has not yet determined
whether the political condition of ailairsinthat
Stale is such as to entitle the State to repre-
sentation in the Senate, I do not expect that
Governor Parsons; \\ id be requested to come
forward and take the oath at this lime; but I
ask that the eiedentials be received aud laid
; upon the table to await the further action of the
: Senate.
1 1 he PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
1 will be entered, if there be no objection.
! PiiTIl'IO>.S AND MEMORIALS.
1 Mr. MORGAN" presented a memorial of res-
j idents of Lev, is co-mtv. Xew Yoik. Sato officers,
i non-commissioned oilieers, aud private*5 in the
j recent war, prpying for an equalization of boun-
i ties; which was referred to the Committee on
j Military Affairs and the Militia.
; Mr. COWAN presented two petitions of man-
ufaetuiers of agricultural implements, praying
i for a reduction of the tax on die pales of their
l manufactures, audioi a removal of the tax now
assessed on detached portions of machinery
i nmnulactui eel by ihcm : whxh were referred to
, the Committee on Finance.
, lie ab-io presented four petitions of persons
engaged ia ruinins and running coal from the
; Monengahcla coal lields to market on the Ohio
and Mississippi mors. praying for sneh an
amendment of the enrollment act as to exempt
from its provision?* nil coal-boats, coal-barges,
ond eoal-flnts. which are used exclusively for
running coal to market, and are not used for
any other purpose . which were referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SHERMAN presented two petitions of
manufaetui crs of agricultural implements.pray-
ing- for a. induction of the tax on >ales of their
manufactures, and for the removal of the tax.
now assessed on detached portions of machin-
ery manufactured by them: which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
lie also presented a petition of mechanics
and laborers in American manufacturing es-
tablishments, and a petition of'citizens of Ohio,
praying for such an adjustment of the tariff of
duties on foiei^n imporU as will afford the
amplot protection to the labor and mdustivof
the country; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Ife also presented a petition of citizens of
Ohio, praying for an increase of the duty on
imports of foreign wool; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SHERMAN. I oresent also the peti-
tion of a number of eitizens of Ohio, praying
i thau a? sLivery has been abolished by the 607-
vulcrar conquerors, but are of the school of
'I iinoleon and William of Orange and Wash-
ington. They ha\ e used the sword only to e
peace to their country and restore her to her
place in the great assembly of the nations.
Senators and Uepm-entathes. as I bid you
farewell, my last word shall be a word of hope:
for now there is a nation which for the first
time in the woild is road> to live according to
the laws of reason, and true republicanism is
intrenched in a regenerated continent.
[The orator, 011 concluding, was greeted with
an outburst of the heartiest applause, in which
the whole audience joined.]
The exercises of the occasion were closed
(at three 0' clock and twenty-live minutes p. m.)
by the following benediction by Rev. Dr. Gray,
Chnplain of the Senate:
God of a bereaved nation, from Thy high and
holy habitation look down upon us and saita- ;
bly impicts us to-day with a sense that only '
God is great. Kings and Presidents die: but 1
Yhoa. the universal iluler, livest tortile undis- i
t arbed on Thine everlasting throne. A wail has J
gone up 1mm the heart of Hi.- nation 10 heaven j
—0. near, aud pity, and rave. Yfe pray that s
Thou will command Ihv blc-slng now upon ;
the fam'ly of the Pi evident dead; upon the j
President living : upon the ministers of state ; j
upon the united Houses of Congress: upon the |
officers of the Armv and the Xavy : upon the 1
broken families aud desolated homes all over <
the land : and upon thenution. Awl grant that ■
g«'aco v'md peace and nmrev from the Lord j
JeMis Ch'-Ut, and the love of God the Father, i
and tlm lehow-hip of God the Spirit, may rest i
upon and abide with us all, fore\er and ever. |
An^n.
The members of the Senate, preceded by
the President pro tcmpo/'e. then retired from
the Hall.
The SPEAKER called the House of Repre-
sentatives to order.
THANHS TO IIOX, GEORGE T.AXCHOFT.
Mr. YvTASHP«URXE. of Illinois, by unani-
mous consent, introduced the foilowingconcur-
lent 1 evolutions j winch were read, considered,
and agreed to :
R"soIvfi% (the ficnaic concui rintr,) That the thank?
uf Con2Tt's> hft presented to Hon. Geoi^e ih'nejutt
for the appropriate momoiiiti address del veicdby
hnn on the life and service.- ol Abi aham Iancoln. Lite
Pie«idcnt of the United in the Ri-pres-'tnta
Uvo,' Hall, bctcre both ilon-seaof Corijyre^ andjheir
invitfd cuc^t«. on the Utii d.iy ot Febraaiy, aud
tnat hi bcifQue'tvd to iV.rm.jh acopy for
Tiiot theohainiien oi the- hunt eonnndtoe
npnoird^'l to inrt.ke the ncfes-;uv a*'".!ntre>eionts to
carry mto ofxcei tlie re?ohu ion of this Cc ujjj t-s in x e-
