1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2829
involve us in another civil war. I find that
those excellent friends of our sagacious Secre-
♦ tary of the Treasury who raise tar, the people
of North Carolina, hold that all the laws made
by the present Congress and all that have been
made since 18(51, are unjust, unconstitutional,
and invalid, and that it is the duty of all raisers
of tar to resist them at the point of the bayonet.
In proof of this I ask the Clerk to read a short
extract from the North Carolinian, of Wilson
county, North Carolina, of the date of May 11.
It is the editorial comment upon the notice that
the North Carolinians are bound to pay taxes
to this Government.
The Clerk read as follows :
Office United States Direct Tax Commissioners
For the State of North Carolina,
Wilson, N. C., April 23,1866.
Notice is hereby given to the owners of real
estate in the county of Wilson that the direct tax
laid upon all lands in tlio United Slates by an act
of Congress of August 5,1801, is now being collected
in the State of North Carolina, in pursuance of an
act approved June 7,1862, and ol an amendment of
said act approved February 6,1S03, and of a iurther
amendment of said act approved March 3, 1865; and
notice is further given that for the reception of paid
tax upon the real estate of Wilson county, our office
in Wilson, in said county, will be open on the 28th
day of April, instant, and for sixty days following at
Wilson Hotel.
As the laws of the United States exempt from
taxation homesteads to the value of $500, when the
owners actually resided thereon at the date of the
fixing of the tax, such owners and occupants are
notified to appear at our office, in Wilson, during said
sixty days, and show such fact.
JOHN It. FRENCH,
HIRAM POTTER, Jr.,
E. H. SEARS,
United States Direct Tax Commissioners for North
Carolina.
"The above is simply the coolest piece of impu-
dence we have ever seen. There can exist no longer
a doubt in the minds of thesouthorn people that they
are expected to submit to taxation without repre-
sentation.
"We arc pledged to a support of the Constitution
of the United States, and Heaven forbid that wo
should ever countenance or counsel disobedience
to properly constituted authority, but a sense of
duty compels us to declare that the southern people
should never submit to this direct tax but at the
point of the bayonet.
"The tax collector may or may not have the proper
credentials, but in no case would we pay this tax
until we had ascertained that it was rigntand proper
to do so.
"The Government of the United States forced us
into a war from, which we emerged crippled in re-
sources and prostrated financially. Men wearing the
garb of United States soldiers outraged and mur-
dered our defenseless women and children, stole our
property, destroyed our very means of subsistence,
under pretense of prosecuting war lor the restoration
of the Union and the supremacy of the Constitution,
and now that Government, 'the best the world ever
saw,' calls on us at the South to pay a direct tax on
real estate, by an act of Congress of August 5,1861,
and in pursuance of an act approved Jun<s 7, 1862,
and of an amendment of said act approved February
6, 1863, and of a further amendment ol said act ap-
proved March 3,1865.
"The southern States have been unrepresented in
the Congress of the United States since March 1861,
and this tax is therefore illegally, unjustly, and un-
constitutionally levied."
Pending the reading,
Mr. HALE said: 1 rise to a question of
order. It is that the article now being read
by the Clerk has no pertinency to the subject
under consideration by the committee.
The> CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules
the point of order, forthe reason that it is read
as a part of the speech of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania.
Mr. STEVENS. Do I understand my col-
league to say that this is a part of the speech
of the Secretary of the Treasury ?
Mr. KELLEY". It is from the pen of one
of the friends of the Secretary of the Treasury;
those friends who agree with him that the laws
are unconstitutional which are passed without
the consent of southern members.
The reading of the paperwas then concluded.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the last word; and for
the purpose of vindicating the propriety of my
motion I send up an article which I request
the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"The New York Mercantile Journal is published
weekly by the New York Mercantile Journal Com-
pany, No. 2 Franklin square; entrance 350 Pearl
street, opposite Frankfort street.
"Terms: One copy one year, $3; a club of five,
$15. Including an extra copy freeto the person get-
ting up the club. To city subscribers, delivered, S3 50.
rermsstrictly in advance. No subscription received
for a less term than one year.
" Mercantile houses must stand 21- orBCand above
as explained on the fourth page, in order to secure
the admissi on of their advertisements in ourcolumns.
Rates for inserting firm name and address on
fourth pageor business directory: one line, one year
in Roman, $5 20; one line, one year in capitals, 610 40.
"H. K. Heydon, is authorized to make contracts
in connection with the journal. All orders, remit-
tances, and communications must be addressed to
•the New Yoik Mercantile Journal, No. 2 Franklin
square, New York. Box 1919."
Mr. SLOAN. I rise to a point of order.
The gentleman is out of order in his remarks,
because they are not relevant.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. LE BLOND. I rise for the purpose of
opposing the amendment to the amendment.
I wish to inquire of the distinguished gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, as wo have the benefit
of the views of the Secretary of the Treasury
in an indirect way, whether he will inform the
House what position the Secretary of War
takes on this or any other proposition.
Mr. KELLEY. I spoke of the Secretary of
the Treasury; and he let the people know that
he is less partial <to tinkers than to eosiers.
Mr. MORRILL. I make the point that all
this discussion is out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. Hale's amendment to the amendment
was disagreed to.
The amendment was then rejected.
The Clerk read as follows:
Illuminating eras manufactured by educational
institutions for their own use exclusively; pig-iron ;
blooms, slabs, and loops; railroad iron, and railroad
iron rerolled; anvils; iron eastings for bridges.
Mr. MORRILL. I move in line one hun-
dred and fifteen, after "pig-iron," to insert
''muck bar."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BEAMAN. I move to strike out "cast-
ings for," so that it will read, " iron bridges.'"
I understand that the chairman of the com-
mittee agrees to that amendment.
Mr. HOOPEB, of Massachusetts. I move
an amendment to the amendment, so as to make
it read, "iron bridges and eastings for iron
bridges."
Mr. BEAMAN. I have no objection to that,
and will accept it as a modification of my own
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BEAMAN. I move to insert "iron
roofs for depots."
Mr. MORRTLL. T think we have indulged
the gentleman from Michigan as far as we ought
to on the subject of iron. Some parts of these
roofs are composed of wrought iron, some of
sheet iron, and some of cast iron. We cannot
afford now to go so far as the gentleman desires.
Mr. HOGAN. I move to strike out "'depots,"
so that we may have the iron roofs of all houses
exempted from tax.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The amendment was also rejected.
The Clerk read as follows:
Malleable iron castings, unfinished; spindles and
castings of all descriptions made for locks and ma-
chinery upon whichduties are tobeassessed and paid.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to strike out lines one hundred and twenty-one"
and one hundred and twenty-two, as follows;
Spindles and castings of all description, made for
locks and machinery, upon which duties are to bo
assessed and paid.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
Spindles and castings of all descriptions made
specially for locks, or for machinery, and not sold or
used for any other purpose, and upon which a tax is
assessed and paid upon the articles of which the
easting is a part.
The amendment'was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. In lines one hundred and
twenty-four and one hundred and twenty-five
after the words, " horseshoe nails" I move to
insert, the words'' iron axles;" so that the clause
will read, " railroad chairs; railroad, boat, and
ship spikes; ax polls; shoes for horses, mules.
and oxen; rivets, horseshoe nails, iron-axles,
nuts, washers, and bolts; vises, iron chains,
and anchors; when such articles are made of
wrought iron."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Inlineone
hundred an'd twenty-six I move to strike out
the word "wrought," so that the clause will
read, "vises, iron chains, and anchors; when
such articles are made of iron which has pre-
viously paid the tax or duty assessed thereon."
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. BEAMAN. I move to amend, in line
one hundred and twenty-three, by inserting
after the word "chairs" the words "and fish-
plates;" so that it will read, " railroad chairs
and fish-plates," &c.
Mr. GARFIELD. What are fish-plates?
Mr. BEAMAN. They are merely substitutes
for railroad chairs.
Mr. DARLING. Oh! no. Fish-plates are
not substitutes for chairs at all.
Mr. PRICE. A fish-plate is a bar made to
hold the ends of the rails together, instead of
the chair.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to strike out the
words "railroad chairs," and I do it for the
purpose of asking the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means whether or not
this last sentence of the paragraph, "when
such articles are made of wrought iron, which
has previously paid the tax or duty assessed
thereon," does not exempt only those articles
made of wrought iron? Railroad chairs are
made both of cast and wrought iron ; and yet
this clause would only exempt those chairs
made of wrought iron.
Mr. MORRILL. The clause exempts all
that was intended to be exempted. Chairs
made of pig iron are not taxed, while chairs
made of wrought iron are taxed in the form
of iron.
Mr. ALLISON. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I offer the
following as an additional amendment:
Pickles, when sold in gallons, and not contained in
glass packages.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Stoves, composed in part of cast iron and in part of
sheet iron or of soapstonc or freestone, with or with-
out cast iron or sheet iron: Provided, That the cast
and sheet iron shall have paid the tax or duty pre-
viously assessed thereon: Provided further, That the
exemptions aforesaid shall, in all cases, be confined
exclusively to said articles in the state and condition
specified in the foregoing enumeration, and shall not
extend to articles in any other form, nor to manufac-
tures from said articles.
Mr. HALE. In lines one hundred and thirty
and one hundred and thirty-one I move to strike
out the words "or of soapstone or freestone,
with or without cast iron or sheet iron." I would
ask the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means why these articles should be put upon
the free list, and whether the reason is that the
only place in the country where they are made
is in his district. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORRILL. I believe that most of
them are made at a point directly south of the
gentleman's own district, in Troy, New York.
They are made of castings that have paid a
tax, or of sheet iron that has paid a tax. This
is one of the cases of the duplication of taxes.
In relation to soapstone and freestone, I will
say that I have had no applications from my
district, so far as I remember, either before or
since this bill was reported, in relation to that
subject. All the applications have been from
other parts of the country.
Mr. HALE. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I renew it for the
purpose merely of asking a question. This
paragraph is drawn with some adroitness.
When it was first read I supposed that it ex-
empted all stoves; but I find now that it reads
"stoves composed in part of cast iron and in
part of sheet iron, or of soapstone or freestone,
with or without cast iron or sheet iron." Now,
if a stove is composed entirely of iron it is not
embraced in this paragraph.
