1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8789
judge of it; and let a verdict be passed at the
coming elections; and then, no doubt, the
judgments of all of us will be aided by that
verdict.
_ Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I do not
yield to the Senator from Indiana in my desire
for the restoration of harmony and peace and
friendly intercourse between all the sections
of this country. I desire it as ardently and as
earnestly as he does; but I say to the Senator
from Indiana that we will never have peace
and harmony while he insists on putting the
control of the late rebel States in the hands
of traitors and rebels. His constituents and
mine, the loyal men who went into the Army
and by force of arms put down the hostile trai-
tors, will never consent that the control of that
country which they marched through and in
which they dispersed the~rebel hordes shall be
given to the men they dispersed and scattered,
so that those men shall take control of those
States and persecute, oppress, and degrade
loyal men. It is the Senator from Indiana,
and those like him, who seek to uphold traitors
in office in the South, that keep up this diffi-
culty.
Is the Senator from Indiana in favor of
placing the control of the States lately in re-
bellion in the hands of the rebels? Is the
vice president of the rebel confederacy to
come in here as a Senator? Is his colleague,
Herschel V. Johnson, fresh from the rebel con-
gress, to come here to legislate for the loyal
people of this country? Let the Senator from
Indiana shake off his party shackles and rise
up to the Union sentiment of this country, and
say to the people of the South, "You, rebels,
that brought on this war and occasioned all
this desolation and woe throughout the land,
North and South, stand back; let the loyal
men of the country rule the country." Let
him unite with us, and they will take back
seats; we will welcome the southern States
lately in the rebellion in the control of loyal
men ; and I will unite with the Senator from
Indiana in welcoming their loyal representa-
tives to seats here and in the other House of
Congress by the passage of laws that shall
recognize those States at once as in friendly
and constitutional relations with the Govern-
ment.
If the Senator from Indiana wants harmony
restored, if he wants friendly intercourse among
the inhabitants of the late rebellious States, I
tell him he cannot have it until there is a Union
sentiment in the South that will protect a Union
man in the South. He cannot have it when a
man for his personal safety in traveling through
the lately rebellious districts has to conceal his
love of the Union. He cannot have it when
the national flag cannot be borne in safety
through the streets of Mobile. He cannot have
it when loyal men and women are not per-
mitted to go and scatter flowers upon the graves
of the heroes who fell to maintain the Union.
The loyal element of this country, the Union
men of this nation, have suffered too much and
too long to have affiliation and friendship with
the traitors that brought upon them^ that suf-
fering and who still persist in oppressing Union
and loyal men.
Sir, I am betrayed into the making of these
remarks in reply to the insinuation of the Sen-
ator that friendly intercourse and harmony
between the different sections of the country
are prevented by any action of mine. I came
to this Congress determined to do all in my
power to bring about that result at the earliest
practicable period consistent with the safety
of all; and till then he cannot have it.
One word as to the price of corn. Why, sir,
it was before this rebellion that corn sold in
mv State at eight cents a bushel. I have never
known corn as cheap as it was some years
ago, before the rebellion, when the avenues of
trade were all open; and for the Senator to
undertake to say that because of the unfriendly
relations that have existed between the North
and the South, or because we do riot recognize
that traitors shall rule the South, therefore our
prices are depressed, is an entire misapprehen-
sion. So far as the markets down the river are
concerned, trade and commerce are as open
and free as ever; and the price which corn has
borne in the last year has not been so low as it
was some years previous to the war. I pre-
sume the Senator himself is aware of that fact.
But, sir, I am sorry to be drawn off from the
consideration of this bill, which I regard as of
yital importance to his constituents and mine,
by this discussion Or any discussion in relation
to the national affairs of the country as con-
nected with the late rebellion. This is a great
national work which we need in time of peace
and harmony in the country. We shall need
it more in time of war because it will open a
passage for our war vessels in case of difficulty
with a foreign nation who might hold the coun-
try north of us. Therefore, in a military point
of view, it is a work of essential importance for
the proper defense and security of the country.
The provision as to the State of New York
giving her consent before this bill shall go into
operation is one which I do not favor. I am
for striking that provision out. The Senate
has not yet taken the vote upon it. Under the
motion made by the Senator from New York
to postpone the bill, we cannot now get a vote
upon it until that other question is disposed
of. In my judgment that provision should be
stricken out, because I go for this work as a
national work. I hold that the Federal Gov-
ernment has a right to make this improvement,
because it is an improvement necessary and
essential and proper to be made for the de-
fense of the country and for the national good
of the country. If it is a work that the State
of New York has a right to control, then it is
a local work, and the Federal Government
would have no right to construct a work for
the benefit of Now York or dependent upon
the will of New York. It must be national in
order to authorize the Federal Government
to undertake it. It might perhaps aid in it,
even if it was entirely a State work, incident-
ally ; but to undertake a purely State work I
think would be a stretch of the constitutional
power of the Government. So much, then, for
that proposition. As the bill stands, however,
the consent of New York is necessary; and on
this question of postponement we propose to
postpone a bill to which the consent of New
York is necessary before it can go into opera-
tion. I should be glad to have the consent of
New York. I should be glad to have harmony.
I should be glad if they would cooperate will-
ingly in this work. I regret that a local work
in the State of New York, in which her peo-
ple feel a great pride, and justly so, one which
has redounded to the credit of that State and
to the honor of its projectors and to the ben-
efit of the whole nation; I regret that that
work should have such an influence upon the
representatives of that great State here as to
induce them to oppose this measure. Sir, it
would be but adding another to the many hon-
ors justly belonging to New York to have her
come in and aid to increase and open more
perfectly these great thoroughfares which are
to bind the Union together.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not intend to pro-
long the discussion upon a question that is not
directly relevant to the bill before the Senate ;
but it is proper that I should very briefly reply
to the Senator from Illinois. He states the
proposition that the relations^ between these
States cannot be restored while I and^ others
who think as I do are in favor of placing the
southern States under the control of rebels,
and giving rebels a representation in Congress.
Sir, I think that Congress has no control over
the selection of the officers of the different
States. As an Indianian, I am not willing to
give up to the Federal Government, and I tlunk
as an Illinois man the Senator would hardly
ask that Illinois should give up to the Federal
Government the control of the officers of the
State, or that the Federal Government should
in any way control their selection. It may serve
the Senator's purpose upon the hustings, but
it will hardly serve his purpose here to say
that I, or any who agree with me in opinion,
are now advocating the admission to seats in
this body or in the House of Representatives
of persons who were directly connected with
the rebellion. The Senator knows very well
that there now stands upon the statute-book of
the country, there now stands upon the rules
of the Senate, a provision requiring every per-
son who claims a seat in the Senate to take a
most solemn oath. I will read that oath that
this question mav be settled,
Mr. TRUMBULL. _ Will the Senator allow
me to ask him if he is in favor of that oath and
that rule?
Mr. HENDRICKS. My views upon that
subject will be expressed by my motions and
by my votes. I have not asked to repeal that
law. I have not the power, nor have those
who agree with me in the Senate the power to
repeal it. Does the Senator consent to its
repeal?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly not; but I
apprehend the Senator will not help me to
keep it in force.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I will
tell the Senator how far I will help him to keep
it in force. If any man asks to take a seat here
and proposes to take this oath when he cannot
truthfully take it, I will not be for his admission.
However unconstitutional I may regard the
oath, I will not vote to let a man take a seat
here who is willing to testify falsely oven under
an unconstitutional law. This is the oath which
is required by law, and by the rules of the Sen-
ate, of any one who proposes to take a seat in
this body:
" I do solemnly swear that I have never volunta-
rily borne arms against the United States since I havo
been a oitisen thereof; that I have voluntarily given
no aid, countenance, counsel, or encouragement to
persons engaged in armed hostility thereto; that I
have neither sought nor accepted nor attempted to
exercise the functions of any office whatever^ under
any authority or pretended authority in hostility to
the United States; that I have not yielded a volun-
tary support to any pretended government, author-
ity, power, or constitution, within the United States,
hostile or inimical thereto. And I do further swear
that, to the best of my knowledge and ability, I will
support and defend the Constitution of the United
States against all enemies, foreign and domestic;
that I will bear true taith and allegiance to the
same; that I take this obligation freely, without any
mental reservation or purpose of evasion; and that
X will well and faithfully discharge the duties of the
office on which I am about to enter; so help me God.
The law which requires this oath is dated as
far back as July, 1802. There has been no
proposition during these four years for its re-
peal. It stands as the law of the country. It
stands unrepealed, with all the_ force that an
enactment of Congress, such as it is, can have.
Then, sir, no man from the southern States can
take a seat in either Hall, of Congress unless
he is prepared to swear, and unless the fact be,
that he has had no voluntary connection with
the rebellion; that he has given it no aid or
counsel; that he has borne true faith and alle-
giance to the Government all the while; and
that hereafter he will bear such faith and alle-
giance. Such men, the Senator from Illinois
says, such men, the policy of his party says,
shall not be admitted to represent the southern
States. The question is not, shall rebels take
seats in Congress-—and there is no use in stat-
ing the question untruly—the question is not,
shall rebels take seats in Congress; the ques-
tion is not, shall any man that has been con-
nected with the rebellion in any way take a seat
in Congress; but the question is, shall men se-
lected by competent authority in the southern
States, chosen according to the provisions of
the Constitution, who have had no connection
with the rebellion, who have stood out against
it, during all the controversy have borne true
faith and allegiance to the Government, loyaj
men as they are called—shall they be allowed
to take seats in Congress ; and you say no.
The men in the South whose allegiance to
the Government during this straggle has been
woith ten times, so tar as suffering is con-
cerned, so far as moral courage is concerned,
as much as the allegiance of a man in the
North, you say shall not be the representa-
tives of the southern States. ' As was said by
some Senator the other day, it has not been
