3790
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 13,
much of a trial to be true to the country in the
northern States. Public sentiment was all that
■way; it bore a man along as the tide of the
ocean will bear a boat. It was not a matter
of will, scarcely, in the northern States. It
was no question of moral courage in the north-
ern States. There it required moral courage
to go against the Government in the contro-
versy. What, then, have we to boast of in the
northern States that we have been true all the
while? We have gone with the popular cur-
rent; we have gone where interest was; we
have gone where ambition led; we have gone
where gain was to be found. But the man of
talent, of hope, of ambition in the South that
dared to stand up for his flag and his Govern-
ment during the five years of the war, with
what had he to contend? There,,was no cur-
rent carrying him on to high places of pride
and ambition; there jsvas no opportunity for
wealth and gain in the form of rich contracts
to the true man of the South. He had to meet
a popular prejudice such as no Senator in this
body has any knowledge of. Against the whole
pressure of his section of the country he stood
for the flag, the Constitution, and the Union.
True in the midst of trial; true in the midst
of persecution; true when every influence that
can be brought to bear upon the human mind
was brought to bear against his loyalty, his
faith, and his allegiance to his country, and in
the midst of it all he came out true; and you
say that he shall not be a representative in
this Hall! It is his cause that we plead under
the law of the land. The law says that no other
man shall be admitted to a seat. You cannot
misrepresent it here, whatever may be done
before the people. The oath is here; we have
all taken it; and we know that before any man
from Georgia or Tennessee can take a seat on
this floor he must swear, as we have sworn,
that he has had nothing to do with the rebel-
lion.
The Senator asks me if I am in favor of the
admission of the two distinguished gentlemen
that he has mentioned from Georgia, Mr. Ste-
phens and Mr. Johnson. I dare say that the
Senator from Illinois has a high admiration for
the course that Mr. Stephens pursued prior to
and up to the very commencement of the war;
but finally, yielding to the opinions which he
entertained that his allegiance was to his State,
when his State seceded he went with it. But
the Senator cannot ask me if I am in favor of
the admission of Stephens and Johnson. 1 am
not while the law stands. The law says that
Stephens and Johnson must take this oath.
Can they take it? If they can in truth I am in
favor of their admission; but while the law
stands I am in favor of no man taking a seat
in this Hall who cannot truthfully swear to this
oath. Let any man come and propose to take
this oath who cannot do it truthfully, and I am
against his admission.
Then, sir, the question is, shall we admit the
true men of the South? And that is the ques-
tion which is to be fought before the people
this year—the question whether the southern
States shall be represented, not by rebels, not
by traitors, but by men who in the midst of the
great controversy, in the midst of the storm of
passion and prejudice that bore down upon
them, stood true to the flag, the Constitution,
and the Union. I say we are bound to admit
them by the resolution of 1861. We then said
when the obligation to the Constitution was
enforced the war should cease and the Union
become restored. The Union being restored,
the Constitution of our country says each State
shall have two Senators in this body. That
Constitution is not changed. It is a consti-
tutional right, when they come prepared to take
this oath under the law, to take their seats in
this Hall. I am in favor of giving them their
seats, restoring those States to all their prac-
tical relations to the Federal Government, and
then let trade and commerce find their chan-
nels again. Let our trade on its way down 'he
Mississippi find a prosperous people there ready
to buy whatever we have to sell. I say that
that state of things is worth a dozen Niagara
canals to the people of southern Indiana and
Illinois.
Mr. President, it is not my intention to pro-
tract the discussion upon this question; but this
has been so frequently misrepresented, or at
least misstated, that I felt it to be my duty to
correct it, to show just what was the question
before the country and what is the question
here. It is, who shall be admitted under the
existing law?
Now, sir, this session of Congress has con-
tinued on until July. If we have got to take
up bills like this and discuss and pass them
and consider all their provisions, this session
must last until some time in August. This cer-
tainly is not desirable. It is not necessary for
the prosperity of this enterprise, even if Con-
gress eventually shall agree to it. We can pass
this bill at the next session, if it is desirable to
pass it at all, and the work can commence in
the spring of the next year. It could hardly
commence this year if we passed this bill now.
There is no delay then caused by postponing
the bill, and a vote to postpone is not a vote in
hostility to the measure. I think it is very
proper to postpone it, considering the opposi-
tion that is made to the present consideration
of the bill by the great State of New York. I
think it is due to ourselves, considering the
length of the session, as we have now gone
into the middle of the summer months, and I
think it is due to Congress and to the country
that we should adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We have, in the course
pursued by the Senator fron Indiana, another
illustration of the truth that practice and pre-
cept do not always go together. One would
have supposed that a Senator so anxious to
bring this session to a close, suffering so much
from the heats of summer, and the apprehen-
sions of protracting the session into August,
would not' introduce an extraneous matter
upon this bill to take up the time of Congress
and prolong its session. But, sir, not satisfied
with having introduced the subject, and having
made one speech upon it, to which I under-
took to reply briefly, he repeats the speech
over two or three times, and he savs that
nothing can be gained by stating the question
untruly; that it might do upon the hustings,
but it will not do here. Well, sir, I propose to
go along with the Senator and see what he has
stated and what he is for.
He says he is not for admitting persons here
who will not take that oath as long as the law
remains; and when I press him to know if he
is in favor of the law, he says, "You will find
out by my course." He speaks of the law as
unconstitutional. Let us see, then, the posi-
tion in which the Senator from Indiana has
placed himself. He is in favor of enforcing
that law, and he believes it unconstitutional!
He is in favor here in this high assembly of the
nation of enforcing a rule that he believes to
be unconstitutional! He is sworn to support
the Constitution; he believes the rule violates
it, is unconstitutional ; and under the solemn
oath he has taken, and the appeal to his God
that he will stand by the Constitution, ho says
he will enforce the law! He did not say it
was unconstitutional, but he intimated as much.
He used the word "unconstitutional;" but I
suppose it was rather by way of circumlocu-
tion. I do not wish to misstate the Senator.
I have no doubt he thinks so ; but with that
caution for which he is peculiar he made the
statement in such a way as not to affirm posi-
tively that it was unconstitutional, though he
said enough to leave the inference upon the
mind of every one who heard him that he be-
lieved it to be unconstitutional. Now, I should
like to know from him if that is not his opin-
ion. I presume I should get the answer I
received before, "You will ascertain by my
course." He would admit these Senators from
the South, and the day they took their seats
he would vote to repeal the law that required
the oath. Then who would come in here?
The moment you get enough members into this
body under the oath to repeal the law^that re-
quired the oath, would you not repeal it? Dare
the Senator from Indiana rise in his place and
say to this Senate and to hia constituents and
to the country that he would not vote to repeal
the law any day that his vote would carry such
a measure ? Let him not, then, dodge behind
this bulwark of a law or a rule of the Senate
to which he is opposed, and which he believes
to be unconstitutional, and seek to thrust in
here men enough to repeal it in order that trai-
tors may come unobstructed afterward.
But, sir, who is it that is raising this clamor
about being kept out of Congress ? Is it the
loyal men of the South? Who is it that raises
this howl" about not being represented here?
Your Stephenses and your Johnsons and your
Sharkeys, Orr, of South Carolina, and your
men connected with this rebellion; the meu
who went from the Federal Congress into the
rebel congress, and from the rebel congress
became Governors of States, and now the boon
companions of the Senator from Indiana with
whom he has gone to bed, expecting to wake
up on the 14th of August at Philadelphia.
They are the men that raise the howl. Gov-
ernor Orr has made his bed with the Senator
from Indiana, and will meet him on the morn-
ing of the 14th of August at the city of Phila-
delphia to reconstruct the Union ! They are
the men that raise this objection ; it is not the
true, loyal men of the South. You do not hear
it from Fowler, of Tennessee, from Stokes, of
Tennessee, from Maynard, of Tennessee, from
Hamilton, of Texas; you do not hear it from
the true Union men of the South who stood
out, as the Senator from Indiana so eloquently
said, in defense of the Union in the midst of
treason. They are not the men who are rais-
ing this howl. They want the South controlled
by loyal men. They want the States lately in
rebellion to be under the control of men true
to the Union. Does the Senator from Indiana?
If he does, why did he oppose the proposition
in this body that men connected with the re-
bellion should not hold office in the South—a
few of them only, the leaders? We brought
in a proposition here that certain officers who
had sworn to support the Constitution of the
United States, and had disregarded that oath
and taken up arms against the United States,
should not be permitted to hold office in the
southern States, and we find the Senator from
Indiana opposing it. Are you in favor, then,
of those men holding office in the South ? I
presume you are, just as you are in favor of
their coming here, and you have taken shelter
to-day behind a law which you would repeal
the moment you have the power. I am for
keeping this body and keeping this nation and
keeping all the States of this Union loyal and
true to the Constitution of the Union.
But, says the Senator, some of these persons
can take the oath and you do not admit them;
why do you not admit them? Because we have
no evidence that they come from loyal constit-
uencies. The Senator says he is ready to admit
anybody that will take the oath. Would he ad-
mit a man as a Senator here who came from a
State in flagrant war against the Government ?
The declaration he has made here to-day would
compel him to do so. The only question he
asks is, is the representative prepared to take
this oath? Then what would have prevented
South Carolina, in the midst of the war, from
electing any man as her Senator and his being
admitted here to a seat?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I supposed that I had
expressed myself so clearly upon that ques-
tion that the clear intellect of the Senator from
Illinois could not misunderstand it. I said
that I was in favor of admitting any one who
came here from competent authority who
could truthfully take this oath.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And did not the Sena-
tor further say that Congress had no right to
determine what was competent authority?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I did not say so, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understood the Sen-
ator to say that Congress had no right to deter-
mine upon that question.
Mr. HENDRICKS. No, sir ; I said nothing
like it. I do not question the competency of
