1870
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
fied that whatever be its merits, it would be
well to have this bill, and all bills of this char-
acter, go to the Committee on Public Lands,
to the end that they may be treated upon some
principle uniform and applicable to them all.
I do not mean now to say anything against this
particular bill, although I am not satisfied with
it j but I think that all these bills should un-
dergo examination by the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands. It is fair and safe that they should
do so; and I accordingly make the motion to
refer.
Mr. HENDERSON. With the permission
of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Rous-
seau,] I will add that a very large portion of
the country through which it is proposed this
road shall pass is a broken and mountainous
country, and the land is of very little value. -I
may say that the land is of no value at present;
and without the road it never will be of any
value. Without the road, the few pieces of
agricultural lands that lie adjacent to the pro-
posed route will be without protection : and the
country cannot have protection without a road
for the transportation of troops and munitions
of war. So the gentleman need have no fears
in reference to the large amount of land to be
donated, because that large amount of land, in
its present condition, is perfectly valueless, and
only a harbor for Indians and wild beasts, and
will remain so as long as there is no road
through that country.
I would state one other point, and that is, that
this bill is drawn in perfect accordance with
a bill passed at the session before the last, I
think.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to ask the
gentleman from Oregon, [Mr. Henderson,] as
he says this land is almost valueless for agri-
cultural purposes, whether this bill will confer
upon this railroad company any of the valua-
ble mineral lands in that region of country.
Mr. HENDERSON. I will answer the gen-
tleman from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] by saying
that mineral lands are excluded from these
grants by former action of Congress, and are
not included in the lands granted by this bill.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I think that is not
very well settled, for this reason: that this bill,
as it contains no limitation in relation to min-
eral lands, would by implication change the
existing law so far as relates to this grant.
And the State of Oregon would claim under
this bill, unless some such limitation is put in
the bill, that it includes all lands, agricultural,
mineral, and otherwise.
And j would further suggest that if this bill
is not intended to include mineral lands, and
if the amount of land which may bo used for
agricultural purposes is so small, and the other
land which may be included is entirely worth-
less, then this grant will not go far toward the
construction o( this road. Now, all the benefit
the State can derive from this grant will be
from the mineral lands embraced in the grant.
Mr. HENDERSON. I understand that
mineral lands are excluded from all these
grants by former acts of Congress. This bill
provides for granting lands " not-otherwise
appropriated or reserved by Congress." Min-
eral lands are reserved by former acts of Con-
gress, and therefore this bill will not include
them.
It is true, as the gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Wilsox] has said, that the land will not go a
great ways toward building this road; but it
will assist very materially ill doing so. But I
presume it will not be sufficient to make such
a road as the interests of the country demand.'
Mr. CONKLING. Will the gentleman allow
mo to inquire whether this bill has been recom-
mended by any Department of the Govern-
ment?
Mr. HENDERSON. I will answer the gen-
tleman by saying that this bill was requested
by the commander of the department of the
Columbia, who furnished me a map of the
department^and a draft of the bill.
And I will again add that this bill is in strict
conformity with the bill passed by Congress
two years ago.
Mr. CONKLING. My question was not j
whether the commander of some military de- (
partmcnt had recommended this measure, but j
whether any Department of this Government, |
the War Department, or any other, has ever i
recommended such legislation as this in this
cnsG.
Mr. HENDERSON. I presume not; but
the commander of that military department is
better acquainted with the necessities of that
country than the head of any Department here
at Washington.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to ask the
gentleman from New York whether the opin-
ion of the Senators and Representatives of a
State in favor of the propriety of an appropri- '
ation of this kind is not worthy of as much
consideration as the recommendation of a '
Department remote from that State. I believe
that Congress, in making all these various laud i
grants, has not acted upon the recommenda- ;
tion of any Department. I am not aware that j
any of these land grants were ever recommended ,
by any Department of the Government. Those i
grants have been made because Senators and '
members from the States concerned, under- ,
standing the interests of the State, asked for j
the grant. i
While I am on the floor I wish to say that I :
am in favor of making liberal grants of lands j
to these new States for the purpose of aiding j
in their development. We hold these lands i
for the purpose of settlement. If we grant j
alternate sections to one of these new States
the State desires settlers, and will of course use
the land in such a manner as to promote the
settlement of the country.
Mr. ^ ASITBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
the bill will be printed.
_ Mr. ROUSSEAU. As this matter has eli-
cited some debate, and as there appears to be j
some doubt in the minds of some members in j
regard to it, I move that the bill be printed j
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands. ;
The motion was agreed to. j
JOHN c. jl'pbritan. j
Mr. ANCONA reported back, from the Com- |
mittee on Military Affairs, a bill for.the relief of i
John C. McFerran, of the United States Army, j
The bill, which was read in extenso, provides '
that the proper accountingofficers of the Treas-
ury be directed to credit John C. McFerran,
of the United States Army, with the sum of
SI ,256, being the amount for which, as assist-
ant commissary of subsistence, he erroneously
receipted to Francis F. Thomas, also an assist-
ant commissary, in excess of the amount of
j money actually paid over to him by said Thomas
j at Santa Fe, in the Territory of New Mexico, j
; in November, 18-50. ' ;
I The bill was ordered to be engrossed and ;
, read a third time : and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time. :
The question being on the final passage of |
the bill, ]
Mr. ASHBUBNE, of Illinois, called for I
the reading of the report. j
The Clerk read the report. It states that !
; McFerran, being an assistant commissary in the .
! United States Army, stationed at Santa Fe. in 1
| New Mexico, was, on or about the 1st day of i
\ November, 1850. required to receive of Lien- j
r tenant Francis J. Thomas, also an assistant '
| commissary in said Army, a large amount of :
; money belonging to the United Slates, and to !
pass to said Ihomas his official receipts for the !
same ; that before the counting of said money I
was completed, there being several sealed boxes
of specie with the amounts purporting to be I
contained in each marked thereon, the said I
Thomas, by representing that it was necessary :
t lor him to return without delay to the Atlantic !
j States; that if compelled to remain until the !]
I whole counting was completed he should be 'j
■ subjected to great delay and inconvenience; ;!
, and that the contents of said remaining boxes i
! had been counted by himself or underpins im
mediate supervision and the boxes correctly |j changed none of'th'e rights or remedie
marked, induced the said pctihonerto take the ;| Government as against IVouiVs The
said boxes by the marks thereon, and to receipt J the receipt was explainable by parole testimony
to the said Thomas for the entire amount thus
indicated ; that said boxes of specie were placed
in a Government vault at Sante P6, and wore
taken out and the contents counted, from time
to time, as the funds were required for the use
of the Army. Save one box, which contained
an excess of two dollars over the amount
marked thereon, all the boxes were found to
be correctly marked, except a box numbered
21, which was the last one opened, and the
contents of which we found to fall short of the
amount marked thereon by the sum of §1,207.
This box was opened and its contents counted
by the petitioner in the presence and with the
assistance of William Gourlay, chief clerk
of the subsistence department at Santa Fe in
June, 1851, some seven months after it had
been received from Lieutenant Thomas. The
committee has no doubt, however, from the
evidence, that it had in the mean time remained
unopened and its contents undisturbed.
The testimony further shows that immedi-
ately after the discovery of said deficiency the
petitioner transmitted to the chief of the bureau
at Washington having charge and control of
the subsistence department of the Army notice
of the said deficiency, with all the attending
circumstances, with a request that no settle-
ment should be concluded between the account-
ing officers of the Government and the said
Thomas until the matter should be fully inves-
tigated by the proper authorities. Yet the said
Thomas was permitted to settle his accounts
and to resign without any such investigation
being had, and receive credit for the whole
amount for which the petitioner had receipted
as aforesaid, and which entire amount nas
charged to the petitioner on the books of the
Treasury.
It further appears that the said Thomas being
the owner of valuable property in the Terri-
tory of New Mexico, the petitioner commenced
a suit against him in the United States district
court of said Territory, for the recovery of the
amount of said deficiency, and sued out a writ
of attachment which was levied on the lands
and tenements of the said Thomas within the
jurisdiction of said court; but on the hearing
of said cause, the court dismissed the attach-
ment on the ground that the money which the
plaintiff was seeking to recover was the prop-
erty of the United States, and not the property
of the said petitioner, and that said Thomas
was bound to account to the United States for
the same, and not to the petitioner.
It is shown by a certificate of the Third
Auditor of the Treasury that at the time of the
resignation ot Lieutenant Thomas he was in
j default to the United States in the sum of
I $9,101 48, in addition to the amount for which
he improperly got credit as aforesaid.
! The committee is entirely satisfied of the in-
tegrity and good faith of the petitioner in the
premises, and entertains no doubt that there
was in fact the deficiency which he alleges in
the contents of said boxes at the time he re-
ceived them from the said Thomas.
From the above statement of facts it will be
seen that Thomas stands credited on the books
of the Treasury Department with the sum of
$1,265, as having been paid over to McFerran,
which he never did in fact pay over to him,
and that Melerran stands debited with the
same amount, which he never in fact received.
Admitting that Mr. McFerran was guilty of
.some degree of negligence in not counting all
tne money tor which he receipted to Thomas,
tnat fact alone is not sufficient to charge him
with the amount of said deficit. From the mere
facts that an agent has been negligent, and his
principal has suffered los-\ it does not neces-
sarily follow that the agent is bound to make
the loss good. The further fact should be
shown, that the loss was a consequence of the
negligence.
Ihe mere fact thai McFerran erroneously
gave a receipt to 'Jhomas for money of the
United States which he never receiwd of him,
of the
error in
