2830
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
Mr. GARFIELD. The gentleman will see
that upon page 91 "stoves, and hollow-ware
in all conditions, whether rough, tinned, or
enameled, and castings of iron not otherwise
provided for," are taxed three dollars per ton.
Now, the iron that helps to make up these
soapstone and freestone stoves has already-
been taxed. This, therefore, would be a du-
plication of taxes. That is the reason for the
exemption.
Mr, WILSON, of Iowa. But soapstone and
freestone pay no tax at all. Freestone is free,
and also soapstone. It seems to me, there-
fore, that stoves made of soap-stone or free-
stone should not be exempt, unless you also
exempt stoves made of iron.
The gentleman says this is a very small mat-
ter. I do not so understand it. I understand
that these stone stoves are entering very largely
into use in certain sections of the country,
and that the manufacturers of them are en-
gaged in extending'the business, by the means
of agents and advertising, all over the coun-
try, and that they are enabled now to supply
the demand for them. And yet those who use
iron stoves are to be required to pay a tax of
three per cent, ad valorem, while those who
use freestone or soapstone stoves are not re-
quired to pay any tax. It does seem to me that
if the one is exempted the other should be
also. This is a provision in favor of an inter-
est that is growing rapidly, and in favor of that
section of country where, at present, these
stoves are made exclusively.
Mr. GARFIELD. It would be perfectly
proper for the gentleman to propose to put
these articles under the three per cent. tax.
The only reason why they were exempted was
that the articles were so cheap as to make the
amount of revenue to be derived from them
trifling.
Mr. MORRILL. Let me say to the gentle-
man from Iowa that he is mistaken in suppos-
ing that this is a very large interest. In the
first place, it is very difficult to find stone that
will stand fire, I know that very little stone
can be found in the whole country that will
stand lire without cracking and crumbling.
The tax upon stoves of any port amounts to a
very small sum. The tax of three dollars per
ton is fifteen cents per hundred pounds, and a
common cooking stove weighs about two hun-
dred and fifty pounds, and sells for perhaps
twenty-five to thirty dollars.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. O'NEILL. I move to insert the follow-
ing as an additional paragraph:
Articles manufactured in institutions for the blind,
and institutions for the deaf and dumb, which are
sold to aid in their support or the support of the
pupils.
I presume there will be no objection to that
amendment. It simply exempts the few arti-
cles made in institutions for the blind and the
deaf and dumb, and sold for the benefit of
those institutions.
Mr. MORRILL. I have no objection to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. 'MYERS. I move to add at the end of
line one hundred and thirty-seven the follow-
ing proviso:
And provided further, That every person, firm, or
corporation who shall have made any contract of pur-
chase prior to the passage of this act without pro-
vision for the deduction of duties reduced or abolished
by law enacted subsequent thereto, upon articles to
be delivered under such contract,'is hereby author-
ized and empowered to deduct from the price thereof
so much money as will be equivalent to the*duty from
which said articles have been so subsequently ex-
empted.
I think a provision of this kind comes in
appropriately after the list of exemptions. It
is analogous to a section in the original act
declaring that the vendor might add to the
amount of his contract the amount of the tax
subsequently imposed by act of Congress. This
amendmentgives the vendee the right to deduct
the amount from the contract made with him
at the time when it was supposed the articles
were not exempt. If the original section was
proper, this is equally so.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope the committee will
not adopt such a provision as this, but will
allow these parties to take their remedy under
the law. Suppose a party under this provision
should say that he would not allow the deduc-
tion, they would then have to go to law about
it. 1 hope the amendment will be rejected.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out after
the words, "and in case said tax or duty is not
paid on or before the last day of each and every
month the collector shall," the words "add
ten per cent, thereto, and make distraint there-
for as provided in other cases under the law to
which this is an amendmentand insert in
lieu thereof the words "proceed to collect the
same in the manner provided by law; and so
much of the eighty-third section of the act to
which this is an amendment, is hereby re-
pealed."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted. That every per-
son, firm, company, or corporation engaged in the
manufacture or preparation for sale, by roasting,
grinding', or other process, of coffee or spices, or of
adulterated coffee or spices, or of any article or com-
pound intended for use in the adulteration, or for use
as a substitute for coffee or spikes, or who shall put
up for sale, either by himself or others, in packages
with his or their own name or trade-mark, any manu-
factured or prepared article or compound, as afore-
said, shall be regarded and taxed as a manufacturer,
and shall give a bond in such amount as the collector
of the district may deem proper, conditioned that he
or they will notsell or dispose of any article so manu-
factured or prepared by him or them without having
paid the tax or affixed the proper stamps as required
by law, and will comply with all the provisions of
law relating thereto.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out this
section, as it has already been provided for in
another part of this bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 14. And beit further enacted, That apothecaries
who manufacture, for their own dispensation and
sales to consumers and to physicians, the medicines
compounded according to the United States or other
national pharmacopoeias, or of which the full and
proper formula is published in any of the dispen-
satories now or hitherto in common use among phy-
sicians or apothecaries, or in any pharmaceutical
journal now issued by any incorporated college of
pharmacy, shall not be regarded a3 manufacturers
under this act. But apothecaries and all other per-
sons who manufacture lor the dispensing and sales
of others, or who make and advertise any article,
medicinal or otherwise, simple or compound, with
any special proprietary claim to merit, or to special
advantage in use or effect, whether such claim be
based on the properties, qualities, price, or any other
distinctive or distinguishing characteristic, whether
real or pretended, of the articles so made and adver-
tised, wn ether such article be or be not made ac-
cording to the authorities above cited in this proviso,
the maker or makers thereof shall be regarded as
manufacturers under this act. And apothecaries
shall not be regarded as retail dealers in liquors in
consequence of selling or of dispensing, upon phy-
sicians'prescriptions, the wines and spirits officinal
in the United States and other national pharmaco-
peias, either simple or compounded, in quantities
not exceeding half a pint of either at any one time,
nor exceeding in aggregate cost value the sum of
$300 per annum.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the words "proviso, the maker or
makers thereof," after the words "the author-
ities above cited in this," and insert in lieu
thereof the word "section."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted. That no duty or
stamp shall be required for any uncompounded medi-
cinal drug or chemical, nor any medicine compounded
according to the United States or other national
pharmacopoeia, or of which the full and proper form-
ula is published in any of the dispensatories now or
hitherto in common use among physicians or apoth-
ecaries, or in any pharmaceutical journal now issued
by any incorporated college of pharmacy, and not
sold or offered for sale, or advertised under any other
name, form, or guise than thatunder whichtheymay
be severally denominated and laid down in said phar-
macopoeias, dispensatories, or journals as aforesaid;
nor medicincs sold to or for the use of any person
which may be mixed and compounded for said per-
son according to the written receipt or prescription
of any physician or surgeon. But nothing in this
section shall be construed toex'eruptfrom stampduty
any and all medicinal articles, whether simple or
compounded by any rule, authority, or formula, pub-
lished or unpublished, which are put up in a style or
manner similar to that of patent or proprietary med-
icines in general, and advertised in newspapers or by
public handbills for popular sale and use, as having
any special proprietary claim to merit, or to any
peculiar advantage in mode or preparation, quality,
quantity, price, use, or effect, whether such claim be
real or pretended.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by strik-^
ing out the words "of pharmacy and" after
the words "issued by any incorporated col-
lege" and inserting in lieu thereof the word
"when."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. In the sentence, "but
nothing in this section shall be construed to
exempt from stamp duty any and all medicinal
articles," &c., I move to strike out the words
"and all" before the words "medicinal arti-
cles."
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. Near the close of the sec-
tion I move to strike out the words "quantity,
price," after the word "quality."
The motion "was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 16. And he it further enacted, That in case any
goods or commodities for or in respect whereof any
tax or duty is or shall be imposed, or any materials,
utensils, or vessels proper or intended to be made use
of for or in the making of such goods or commodities
shall be removed, or shall be deposited or concealed
in any place, with intent to defraud the United States
of such duty or any part thereof, all such goods and
commodities, and all such materials, utensils, and
vessels respectively shall be forfeited, and in every
such case, and in every case where any goods or
commodities sball be forfeited under this act or any
other act of Congress relating to the internal revenue,
all and singular the casks,t vessels, cases, or other
packages whatsoever,containing orwhich shall have
contained such goods or commodities, respectively,
and every vessel, boat, cart, carriage, or other con-
veyance whatsoever, and all horses or other animals,
and all things used in the removal, or for the deposit
or concealment thereof, respectively, shall bo for-
feited; and every person who shall remove, deposit,
or conceal, or be concerned in removing, depositing,
or concealing any goods or commodities for or in re-
spect whereof any duty or tax is or shall be imposed,
with intent to defraud the United States of such duty
or tax or any part theieof, shall be liable to a fine or
penalty of not exceeding $500.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to insert the worda
"or tax" after the words "with intent to de-
fraud the United States of such duty."
The motion was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 17. And be it further cnacted, That the judge
of any circuit or district court of the United States,
or any commissioner thereof, may issue a search war-
rant, authorizing any internal revenue officer to
search any premises, if suoh officer shall make oath
in writing that he has reason to believe, and doos
believe, that a fraud upon the revenue has been or
is being committed upon or by the use of said prem-
ises.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 18. And be it further enacted, That any person
who shall sell, give, or purchase or receive any box,
barrel, bag, or any vessel, package, wrapper, cover,
or envelope of any kind, which has been stamped,
branded, or marked in any way, so as to show thai
the contents or intended contents thereof have been
duly inspected, or that the tax or duty thereon has
been paid, or that any provision of the internal rev-
enue laws has been complied with, whether suoh
stamping, branding, or marking may have been a
duly authorized act or may be false and counterfeit,
or otherwise without authority of law, said box, bar-
rel, bag, vessel, package, wrapper, cover, or envel-
ope still bearing uncanceled or unerased said stamp,
brand, or mark, and being empty, or containing any-
thing else than contents which were therein when
said articles had been so lawfully stamped, branded,
or marked by an officer of the revenue, sball be lia-
ble to apenalty of not less than flfty nor more than
five hundred dollars; and all such boxes, barrels,
bags, vessels, packages, wrappers, covers, and envel-
opes. with their contents, belonging to such offender,
snail be forfeited to the UnitcdStntes. And anyper-
son who shall make, manufacture, or produce any
box, barrel, bag, vessel, package, wrapper, cover, or
envelope, stamped, branded, or marked, as above
described, or shall stamp, brand, or mark the same, as
hereinbefore recited, shall, upon conviction thereof,
be liable to a penalty as before provided in this seo-
tion. And any person who shall violate the forego*
ing provisions of this section, with intent to defraud
the revenue, or to defraud any person, shall, upon
conviction thereof, be liable to a tine of not less than
$1,000, and imprisonment for not le?s than six months;
and all such articles, with their contents, belonging
to said offender, shall bo forfeited to the United
States; and one half of said penalty, forfeiture, and
fine, to be ascertained by judgment of court, shall
go to the informer.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend at the
commencement of the section by striking out
"any person who" and insert "in case any
person" before the words "shall sell,-give, or
purchase," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
