390
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 25,
39th Cons.... 1st Sess.
Laivs of the United States.
sons, are hereby excepted from such grant.
And the lodes herein excepted, other than the
Comstock lode, shall be withheld from sale by
the United States; and if such lodes shall be
abandoned or not worked, possessed, and held
in conformity to existing mining rules, or such
regulations as have been or may be prescribed
by the Legislature of Nevada, they shall be-
come subject to such right of purchase by the
grantee herein, his heirs or assigns.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted., That all
persons, companies, or corporations owning
claims or mines on said Comstock lode or any
other lode drained, benefited, or developed by
said tunnel, shall hold their claims subject to
the condition, (which shall be expressed in any
grant that they may hereafter obtain from the
United States,) that they shall contribute and
pay to the owners of said tunnel the same rate
of charges for drainage or other benefits derived
from said tunnel or its branches, as have been,
or may hereafter be. named in agreement be-
tween such owners and the companies repre-
senting a majority of the estimated value of said
Comstock lode at the time of the passage of
this act.
Approved, July 25, 1866.
Chap. CCXLV.—An Act to regulate the Times
and Maimer ofholdingElectionsfor Senators
in Congress.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the Tjnited States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Legislature of
each State which shall be chosen next preced-
ing the expiration of the time for which any
Senator was elected to represent said State in
Congress, shall, on the second Tuesday after
the meeting and organization thereof, proceed
to elect a Senator in Congress, in the place of
such Senator so going out of office, in the fol-
lowing manner: each House shall openly, bv a
viva voce of each member present, name one
person for Senator in Congress from said State,
and the name of the person so voted for, who
shall have a majority of the whole number of
votes cast in each House shall be entered on the
Journal of each House by the clerk or secretary
thereofbut if either House shall fail to give
such majority to any person on said day, that
fact shall be entered on the Journal. At twelve
o'clock, meridian, of the day following that on
which proceedings are required to take place,
as aforesaid, the members of the two Houses
shall convene in joint assembly and the Journal
of each House shall then be read, and if the
same person shall have received a majority of
all the votes in each House, such person shall
be declared duly elected Senator to represent
said State in the Congress of the U nited States;
but if the same person shall not have received a
majority of the votes in each House, or if either
House shall have failed to take proceedings as
required by this act, the joint assembly shall
then proceed to choose, by a viva voce vote of
each member present a person for the purpose
aforesaid, and the person having a majority of
all the votes of the said joint assembly, a ma-
jority of all themembers elected to both Houses
being present and voting, shall be declared
duly elected; and in case no person shall re-
ceive such majority on the first day, the joint
assembly shall meet at twelve o'clock, merid-
ian, of each succeeding day during the session
of the Legislature, and take at least one vote
until a Senator shall be elected.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That when-
ever, on the meeting of the Legislature of any
State, a vacancy shall exist in the representa-
tion of such State in the Senate of the United
States, said Legislature shall proceed, on the
second Tuesday after the commencement and
organization of its session, to elect a person
to fill such vacancy, in the manner herein-
before provided for the election of a Senator
lor a full term ; and if a vacancy shall happen
during the session of the Legislature, then on
the second Tuesday after the Legislature shall
have been organized and shall have notice of
such vacancy.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That it
shall be the duty of the Governor of the State
from which any Senator shall have been chosen
as aforesaid to certify his election, under the
seal of the State, to the President of the Sen-
ate of the United States, which certificate shall
be countersigned by the secretary of state of
the State.
Approved, July 25,1866.
Chap. CCXLVI. — An Act to authorize the
Construction of certain Bridges, and to es-
tablish them as Post Roads.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That it shall be lawful for
any person or persons, company or corporation,
having authority from the States of Illinois and
Missouri for such purpose, to build a bridge
across the Mississippi river atQuincy, Illinois,
and to lay on and over said bridge railway
tracks, for the more perfect connection of any
railroads that are or shall be constructed to the
said river at or opposite said point, and that
when constructed all trains of all roads termi-
nating at said river, at or opposite said point,
shall be allowed to cross said bridge for reason-
able compensation, to be made to the owners
of said bridge, under the limitations and con-
ditions hereinafter provided. And in case of
any litigation arising from any obstruction or
alleged obstruction to the free navigation of
said river, the cause may be tried before the
district court of the United States of any State
in which any portion of said obstruction or
bridge touches.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That any
bridge built under the provisions of this act
may, at the option of thecompany building the
same, be built as a drawbridge, with a pivot or
other form of draw, or with unbroken or con-
tinuous spans: Provided, That if the said bridge
shall be made with unbroken and coitinuous
spans, it shall not be of less elevation in any
case than fifty feet above extreme high-water
mark, as understood at the point of location,
to the bottom chord of the bridge, nor shall
the spans of said bridge be less than two hun-
dred and fifty feet in length, and the piers of
said bridge shall be parallel with the current
of the river, and the main span shall be over
the main channel of the river and not less than
three hundred feet in length: And provided
also, That if1 any bridge built under this act
shall be constructed as a drawbridge, the same
shall be constructed as a pivot drawbridge with
a draw over the main channel of the river at
an accessible and navigable point, and with
spans of not less than one hundred and sixty
feet in length in the clear on each side of the
central or pivot pier of the draw, and the next
adjoining spans to the draw shall not be less
than two hundred and fifty feet; and said spans
shall not be less than thirty feet above low-
water mark, and not less than ten above ex-
treme high-water mark, measuring to the bot-
tom chord of the bridge, and the piers of said
bridge shall be parallel with the current of the
river: And provided also, That said draw shall
be opened prompt.lyupon reasonable signal for
the passage of boats, whose construction shall
not be such as to admit of their passage under
the permanent spans of said bridge, except
when trains are passing over the same ; but in
no case shall unnecessary delay occur in open-
ing the said draw during or after the passage
of trains.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That any
bridge constructed tinder this act, and accord-
ing to its limitations, shall be a lawful struc-
ture, and shall be recognized and known as a
post route; upon which, also, no higher charge
shall be made for the transmission over the
same of the mails, the troops, and the muni-
tions of war of the United States, than the rate
per mile paid for their transportation over the
railroads or public highways leading to the said
bridge.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That it
shall be lawful for the Chicago, Burlington,
and Quincy Eailroad Company, a corporation
whose road has been completed to the Missis-
sippi river, and connects with a railroad on the
opposite side thereof, having first obtained au-
thority therefor from the States of Illinois and
Iowa, to construct a railroad bridge across said
river, upon the same terms, in the same man-
ner, under the same restrictions, and with the
same privileges, as is provided for in this act
in relation to the bridge at Quincy, Illinois.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That a
bridge may be constructed at the town of Han-
nibal, in the State of Missouri,' across the Mis-
sissippi river, so as to connect the Hannibal and
Saint Joseph railroad with the Pike County and
Great Western railroads of Illinois, on the same
terms and subject to the same restrictions as
contained in this act for the construction of the
bridge at Quincy, Illinois.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That a
bridge may be constructed across the Missis-
sippi river between Prairie du Chien, in the
State of Wisconsin, and North McGregor, in
the State of Iowa, with the consent of the Le-
gislatures of Wisconsin and Iowa, on the same
terms and subject to the same restrictions as
are contained in this act for the construction
of the bridge at Quincy, Illinois.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the
Keokuk and Hamilton Mississippi Bridge Com-
pany, a corporation existing under the laws of
the State of Iowa, and the Hancock County
Bridge Company, a corporation existing under
the laws of the* State of Illinois, be and are
hereby authorized to construct and maintain a
bridge ove%the Mississippi river between Keo-
kuk, Iowa, and Hamilton, Illinois, of the same
character, description, and construction as pro-
vided in this act for the bridges at Quincy and
Burlington : and the said bridge, in its use and
operation, shall bo subject to the same restric-
tions that apply to said bridges at Quincy and
Burlington by the terms of this act.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the
Winona and Saint Peter Railroad Company, a
corporation existing under the laws of the State
of Minnesota, is hereby authorized to construct
and operate a railroad bridge across the Mis-
sissippi river between the city of Winona, in the
State of Minnesota, and the opposite bank of
the said river, in the State of Wisconsin, with
the consent of the Legislatures of the States
of Minnesota and Wisconsin; and said bridge
by this section authorized is hereby declared a
post route, and subject to all the terms, restric-
tions, and requirements contained in the fore-
going sections of this act.
- Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That a
bridge may be constructed and maintained
across the Mississippi river between Dunleith,
in the State of Illinois, and Dubuque, in the
State of Iowa, with the consent of said States
previously given or hereafter acquired, with the
same privileges, upon the same terms, and under
the same restrictions as are contained in this
act for the construction of a bridge at Quincy,
Illinois.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That any
company authorized by the Legislature of Mis-
souri may construct a bridge across the Mis-
souri river, at the city of Kansas, upon the
same terms and conditions provided for in this
act.
Sec. 11. And be it further cr, acted, That the
"Saint Louis and Illinois Bridge Company,"
a corporation organized under an act of the
General Assembly of the State of Missouri,
approved February fifth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four, and an act amendatory of the same,
approved February twentieth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-five, and also confirmed in its
corporate powers under an act of the Legisla-
