1886.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
807
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. DIXON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (8. R. No. 21t) for the transfer of funds
appropriated for the payment of salaries in the
Post Office Department to the general salary
account of that Department; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
EXPLORATION Of TII13 YELLOWSTONE.
Mr. MORRILL submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
ri><l, That the Ppr-retnry of War he directed to
coin muni'" iUu to (lie Senate the report of Major Rey-
nolds. bn.ted htalc« engineer, made in ISO'J and liOO,
of hn exploration of the \ ollowstouo jind the (oun-
ti'3' drained by that river.
DANGERS OF TUBULAR BOILERS.
Mr. BROWN .submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to :
Rcmtvert, That the Committee on Commerce be in-
structed to inquire what legislation ij needed by Con-
. gms to protect the lives of passoiicrers on the western
waters from the danger of explosion incident to the
use of tuuular boilers.
PRESIDENTIAL APPROVAL OF LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Air. William G. Moore, his Secre-
tary, announced that the President of the Uni-
ted States had approved and signed, on the 7th
instant, ajointresolulion (S. 11. No. 171directing
the distribution oft'ne writings of James Madi-
son.
And that on the 10th instant he had approved
and signed the following act and joint resolu-
tions:
An acUS. No. 36) granting the franking privi-
lege to Mary Lincoln;
A joint resolution (S. Pi. No. 20) extending
the time for the completion of the Burlington
and Miss-out i River railroad ;
A joint lesobition (S. It. No. 25) tendering
the thanks of Congress to Vice Admiral David
G. Parragut. and to the officers, petty officers,
seamen, and marines under his command, for
their gallantry and good conduct in the action
in Mobile bay on the 5th August, 1801; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 20) for the pay-
ment of expenses incurred by the joint com-
mittee to inquire into the condition of the States
which formed the so-called confederate States of
America.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
i he bill fll. R. No. 1221 milking appropria-
tions for the naval service for the _\ear ending
30th June. ]' ;7. was read twice by its title, ami
referred to the Committee on Finance.
BONDED "WAREHOUSES.
Mr. MORGAN. T move that the Senate
proceed to reconsider the vote on the passage
of House bill No. 10-5. which has been several
times before the Senate.
I he motion was agreed 1o; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the motion sub-
mitted by Mr. SPRAGfEon the 20th of January
last to reconsider the vote by which the bill (II.
R. No. 13">)toextendthetimeforthc withdrawal
of goods for consumption from public store and
bonded warehouse, and for other purposes, was
passed.
Mr. SPIlACrUE. Mr. President, this prop-
osition has been before the Senate three times,
and on each occasion the morning hour having
expired during its discussion it went over.
On Ihe last occa sion I had the honor to occupy
the floor for a few moments. When I say that
I believe the passage of this measure will be
as injurious to the industrial interests of this
country as would have been the dissemination
of fever and the other diseases that Dr. Black-
burn, the rebel emissary, endeavored to intro-
duce into this country upon the lives of the
people, the Senate of the United States will j
understand the position that I occupy and the j
earnestness with which 1 desire to call attention j
to this question. For the life of me, I cannot
understand the reason for the haste manifested I
in pressing a measure of this kind upon the atten-
tion ol the Senate, when there are before every
committee having cognizance of those matteis
petitions from every part of the country dis-
closing ihi> distress under which the industrial,
mechanical, and manufacturing interests of the
country are to-day laboring. Why this haste in
introducing this measure without any explana-
tion as to its necessity or as to its uses? We
are told that it is right, without any argument
or proof to indicate that it is right. We are
also told that the Secretary of the Treasury is
in favor of its passage, and therefore it must be
right. \\ e are also told that it is only to place
foreign importations on an equalitv'with the
manufacturing, mechanical, and industrial in-
terests of this country as respects taxation;
that those great interests of the people do not
pay taxes prior to the (ime the imported article
docs, or, in other words, that the Government
extends the time for the payment of taxes upon
manufactures as much as it extends the time for
the payment of duties upon imports.
I endeavored to state on a previous occasion
that piior to the introduction of domestic com-
modities to the consumer, live taxes are already
paid to the Government; and I know of re-
peated instances where the taxes due the Gov-
ernment have been paid a year before the goods
have been delivered to the consumer ; and yet
here a proposition is presented to the Senate
proposing to give to the importer of the foreign
article that comes in competition with the do-
mestic. it may be three years of credit. The
answer to that is. that it is not desired, that
three years are not deemed necessary. Why
ask for three jeais, then? We are told that
nobody purchases goods that they may remain
so long unsold. Why ask, then, for that privi-
lege ? Is it not plain to the Senate that in aiving
a credit on the imported article of three years,
or two years, or one year, the Government is
deprived of interest on the amount of the duties
for the time being? Does the Senate under-
stand that in aftbrdingthis privilege to this class
interest, it not only unites the capital of the
country with the power of the Treasury De-
partment in the formation and in the successful
carrying into execution of a grand speculation,
but it deprives the country of it may be a year's
interest, six months' certainly, and it may be
three years' interest upon the dulies on niauy
of the articles already introduced into the
country.
I ask Senators if the finances of the country
are in such a condition that they desire to give
credit or relief in ihe matter of interest to any
class of articles imported into this country.
Sir, dining the is t v ear ym imported some-
thing like'$23 t.O'lO.doft, of which 851.0011,000
were not dutiable articles. Now, if you refuse,
ns you do liv this bill, to collect the duties when
they are payable on this $23-1.000.000 of im-
ports, do you not lose six, eight, or eleven per
cent, on the amount of duty payable, accord-
ing to the rate of interest which your bonds
and other securities bear? Is it not plain toyou
that you deprive the Government of the interest
which is due them upon this amount of dutiable
articles? Certainly by the passage of this bill
the Treasury and the revenues of the country
will lose from $10.000.OOOto $1-5.000.000. Sir,
I speak of that which I know, of that which
has come under my observation practically. I
speak of these interests, commercial, mechani-
cal, and manufacturing, because they have been
brought under my personal supervision.
As to the opinion of the Secretary of the
Treasury on this question, it is good for all
that it is worth. ! accord to him all the respect
which his high office and his eminent qualities
demand for him ; but I am glad that the time
has come when a Senator can stand up here in
his place in the Senate and state his objection
to the policy or plans of any officer of this Gov-
ernment without being held to a strict account-
ability for his words, and certainly without be-
ing termed disloyal. I do not believe that my
constituents or the constituents of any Senator
here desire that we shall take the opinions of
any man. however eminent he may be, as a
guide for our conduct. Certainly when it is
discovered that I am walking in the shadow
of another man's greatness, I desire that some
kind friend may inform, me of that fact that 1
may hide my face from the gaze of men. Sir,
it is nothing to the Senate that the Secretary
of the Treasury approves of this measure, ex-
cept so far as he may stale good and satisfac-
tory reasons for placing it before Congress;
but he, or his agent, readily assents to the po-
sition which has been taken, that it is a union
of the parties in intrigue and the Government
to withhold from consumption in order to ad-
vance prices to consumers. He has, through
his agent, who had the manipulation of this
bill, assented to that proposition and assented
to the correctness of the iews that I state. If
that is the case, if officers under the Govern-
ment are willing to assent to that proposition,
it is no plan that should bo presented for the
favorable consideration of the Senate.
Now, I assert, and challenge contradiction,
that the object of this bill and the object of the
similar bills which have been in operation in
the past, is to regulate trade, to regulate prices.
Does the Senate of the United States desire to
regulate pi ices by law ? Are Senators prepared
to give their assent to propositions of that kind?
If the importer or trader in aiticlcsnot the pro-
duction of this country can regulate the prices
in one way, is it not competent for him to reg-
ulate them in another? If ho can regulate them
low, is it not competent for him to regulate
them high as well ? It is in my knowledge that
J they have succeeded in regulating prices very
j! low for a time, destroying domestic competi-
ji tion, taking possession of the market, and then
ji increasing prices at an enormous rate. As an
j! illustration of that idea, let mo state the fact,
ij that in the introduction of tin plate into the
|i consumption of this country, there were im-
ij ported during the last vear eight hundred thou-
j. sand boxes of that article. The foreign manu-
i faetuicrs and the foreign capitalists succeeded
[ in introducing it in the past in a way that has
. driven its manufacture entirely from the Amer-
| iean market, so that there is not a manufacturer
of that article in this country. There were
| imported last year eight hundred thousand
: boxes, forty thousand tons, of iron, ata cost of
j $12,000,000 to the consumers of this country;
i and what does it cost to produce it? With an
importation of $12,000,000, that article costs,
as laid down here, nine cents perpound. The
foreign manufacturer makes sevgn cents a
pound. That money goes for the payment of
the industry, the manufacturing skill, the com-
merce. and all the appurtenances of trade in
other countries. One ball' the profit goes to
the importer of that article : he makes his three
anil a half cents per pound, and becomes an
importer occupying one half of the situation,
or, in other words, doing one half of the busi-
ness. and he nets his $1,250,000 a year out of
that operation. I challenge contradiction to
the position I take, that the result of this sys-
tem his so operated to check the growth of the
manufacturing interest of this country in that
respect, (and that one article is a representa-
tive,) as to drive out its competition, to occupy
its field, and then extort from the consumptive
|' abilities of the country this enormous profit.
|' 1 state this simply from the fact that for the
,r last six months Congiess and the country have
t been flooded with statements of the immense
piofits of manufacturing. 1 a-k any Senator
here whether it is not better for this country
to keep within itself the $12,000,000 than
to be satisfied simply with the $2,(100,000 or
$2.-500,000 that the importer and the shipper
receive for doing that business. It is a matter
of simple calculation that should convince the
mind of any individual, whether a Senator or
a business man. that it is our true economy
not to put ourselves in the hands of any other
people. Now, as to the profits of manufactur-
ing. 1 know somethingabout them, and Iknow,
and 1 challense contradiction, that the same
amount of capital invested in foreign commerce
has produced three times the amount of the
best dividends from manufacturing. I know
