1866.
in an action at la#, and when explained, the j
receipt could got operate as any bar to a suit I
by the United States against Thomas for the j
recovery of said money.
It the United States lost any of its remedies
against Thomas, it was not because McForran
gave the erroneous receipt, Uut because the
error was not discovered for several months
arter the receipt was given. If Thomas was
solvent at the time the receipt was given, and
became insolvent before the error was detected,
it may be thatthe United States lost the money
in consequence of the failure of McFerran to
count the funds for which ho receipted to
lliomas. But there is no evidence before the
committee to show thatthe UnitodStatcs could
have enforced the payment of said deficit from
Thomas, at any time between the giving of the
receipt and the discovery of the error, by any
means that were not equally available after the
error was detected.
It appears from evidence before the com-
mittee that it has been the practice of many
collecting and disbursing officers, in both the
civil and military departments of the Govern-
ment, to receive from other public officers
large amounts of specie in bags and boxes, and
receipt for the same according to the labels
theieon without actually counting the contents,
in ca«es of emergency, under circumstances
similar to those which influenced the conduct
of the petitioner in this case. Bankers and
other business men, reputed to be prudent,
often receive and account for large sums of
money in like manner, without actually count-
ing the same, where they have reason to repose
confidence in (he person from whom the same
is received.
There is nothing in the evidence before the
commifiee to show that Mo Ferrari had any rea-
son to suspect the integrity of Thomas at the
time he received said boxes of specie from him.
Jf he exercised the same degree of care and
diligence i hat public officers reputed to be pru-
dent and faithful are accustomed to exercise
under similar circumstances in respect to the
public funds passing through their hands, and
that bankers and business men are accustomed
to exercise in the conduct ot their own private
affairs, it maybe questioned whether lie should
be required to make good a loss incurred by
the Government in consequence of his omis-
sion to count the money. But admitting that
McFerran was guill j of loxhca that would justly
render lum 1 e^punsible to the Government for
any losses clearly i esulting theiefrom, the com-
mittee are of opinion that there is not sufficient
ewdenee that the Government in fact lost any-
thing in consequence of his failure to count
said money to, justify the Government in requir-
ing him to pay into the Treasury said sum of
which he never received.
Entertaining this view of the case, the com-
mittee are of opinion that, said petitioner is
entitled to be cieditcd 011 the books of the
Treasury Department with said sum of $1,20").
Mr. WASHBUftNE, of Illinois. The report
which lias just been read discloses, it seems to
me, a state of facts upon winch this House will
not consent to pass this bill. It appears that
Lieutenant Thomas took some money to Santa
Fe to deliver to JleFerran, who without count-
ing the money gave his receipt. He now al-
leges that it turned out there was not as much
money as he receipted for. Then, having
neglected his plain duty to count the money,
as he was bound to do, he comes in here and
asks the House to make good the deficit. That
is the whole case in a nutshell.
Mi'. ANCONA. The gentleman does not
make a fair statement of the ease, lie has
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1871
called for the reading of the report, and 1 ask
that the reading of the report be concluded.
The report was then read through.
Mr. TAYLOR r suppose it is within the
recollection of the House that in case of such
losses it has heretofore been the practice to
order a board of survey to examine into the
matter, and it has been held that the report of
that board of survey exonerates the party and
acts as a sufficient voucher for the different
departments to which he may be responsible.
Is there such a report in this case?
Mr. ANUOXA. It does not appear by the
papers that any such survey was ordered.
There is 110 question about the facts, and that
the loss or error was reported in good time to
the Department here. L do not think that an
officer should be held accountable for the neg-
ligence of his superior.
Mr. TAYLOR. Itwasthedutyofthcofficcr
liimself, suffeiing the loss, to ask for a board
of survey.
Mr. PRICE. Mr. Speaker, in listening to
the reading of the report of the commitfee, f
noticed one startling fact, if it be true, and I
have no doubt it is true; and it is simply this :
that it has been the custom of Government offi-
cers, both in the civil and military service, to
receipt for money without counting it. And
that is the reason given why this officer should
not be held responsible for this money for which
he receipted. I deny that it is the custom of
men in business life to receipt for large sums
of money without counting them.
The report says that it is proved that this
officer receipted for more than he received. If
that be proved, it docs not exonerate the party
receipting, if there should be any discrepancy
in the count. 1 f a man gives a receipt for more
money than he receives, it is clear that the rem-
edy lies from him to the party to whom he has
given the receipt. In case he fails there he
must lose the money. If McF'crran had not
given 'Thomas a receipt, the Government would
have had recourse to Thomas for the money,
but MeFcrran having given Thomas a receipt,
ho asks to be allowed 111 the settlement of his
accounts for so much money as he receipted
for more than I10 received. McFerran says
that he gave a receipt, hut that I10 did not
receive the money, and he asks to be credited
for the money for which he gave a receipt, and
then he did not count what he received, if
that course is to be pursued there will be 110
safety for the Government.
Now, when a man gives a receipt for an
amount of money it is his business to see that
he receives it. If this precedent has been
established heretofore, it is about time that we
corrected that course of proceeding and made
a man who gives a receipt suffer if he lias not
received the amount of money he has receipted
for, and not the Government.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. Speaker, there is another
point, to which I desire to call the attcnt.on of
the House, it appears from the reading of the
report that seven mouths elapsed from the time
of his making the reecsif.it before the money
"was ever counted. 1 apprehend 110 business
man would receive a large sum of money and
receipt for it without counting it for seven
months. After that period any mail would be
estopped in law from saying there was an error
in the count. 'The presumption is there is no
error in such a count. A presumption might
arise that during these seven months some one
had opened this box, but there is not, /me word
of proof in (he report of anv fact, which would
militate against such a presumption. It is true
the report says they believe it has not been
opened, but the circumstances in which that
box was kept have not been disclosed, and we
have no reason to infer somebody did notopen
that box and take the money.
It seems to 111c to establish a precedent so
dangerous to the Government as this would
be inviting carelessness and negligence 011 the
part of our officers.
The oulv relief, it seems to me. to which this
party could be entitled, and that certainly
would be right and just, is this: if the officer
shall make good the money which the Gov-
ernment, lost, the Government will assian and
transfer to him all right or claim which the
Government might have against the party ori-
ginally delivering the money. 'Then he could
prosecute his rights, and if he could show that
this money was lost withouttiis negligence, and
that Thomas had never delivered it to him, he
could recover the claim, and not otherwise.
Mr. RO (JSSE AU. I f this party could sue the
United States and set up the facts, there would
bo 110 difficulty in his recovering his claim.
I hold thatthe Governmentcould lose nothing,
let. it gOi as it may. The party who was guilty
of- the fraud upon this man is responsible to
the Government.. His settlement with the De-
partment amounts to nothing. The Govern-
ment has of this money about eight hundred
dollavs.
Mr. DAYIS. Pardon me a question. Task the
gentleman as a matter of law, after the General
Government has received this money, given its
receipt, for it, and it remains uncounted by the
General Government,, does not the presumption
arise that the receipt was,right, and thatthe
Government is estopped by the act of its own
officer?
Mr. ROUSSEAU. The receipt, itself is pre-
sumption that it is right, but the evidence here
uncontroverted shows that it, is all wrong, and
I hold thatthe Government of the United States
cannot honorably do what an honest man would
not. do.
Mr. ANCONA. T see 110 use pressing this
matter now, and I move that it be recommitted
to the Committee 011 Military Affairs.
Mr. UPSON. 1 object. I move that it lie
on the table.
The question being taken on the motion to
la}' the bill 011 the table, 110 quorum voted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the yeas and nays.
'flic yeas and nays wore not ordered.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers 011 the motion
to lay the bill 011 the table, and appointed Mr.
Ursov and Mr. Axcoxa.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes I:', noes 51.
So the bill was not laid 011 the table.
'The question then recurred on the motion
to recommit; and it was agreed to.
Mr. UAUDI KG, of Illinois, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was recommit-
ted ; and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
'l'lie latter motion was agreed to.
NATIONAL ASYLUM KOlt IHSAItLHD SOLDIERS.
Mr. SCIIEXOK, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a joint resolution
appointing managers for the National Asylum
for Disabled Volunteer Soldiers; which was
read a first, and second time, and ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time.
'l'lie joint resolution was read, as follows:
I>f it r>:>.nlred by the Senate and Howie of Represent-
ative*, dv.*., ilia! t he fol lowing per. >ons bo, jmdtheya.ro
hereby appointed managers of the National Asylum
for DiMiblcd Yuluntoci iSoIdiei.sundcr the provisions
nnd conditions of the third section oft he act approved
MarchRichardU'dosby oflllinois; Benjamin
1\ JUn lor of iMas.-iaolniKctls, and Frederick Smyth of
Nrew Hampshire, of the first class to serve six years;
hewis IJ. (rtirickel of Ohio, Jay Cooke of Pennsyl-
vania, and P. Joseph Oteihaus ot Missouri, ol the
sei*ond to scr\-e four ymr-; John 11. Martin-
dale of New York, Horatio (*. Stcbhms of Califor-
nia, and 1L Walker of Wisconsin, of the third class,
to servo two years.
The joint resolution was read a third time
and passed.
Mr. SCHEXCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed} and
also moved that the motion to leconsidor be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ARTIFICIAL LIMBS.
Mr. ftCUKXCK, Lyunanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
That the Secretary of War be directed
to t oininimicatc to this tlouse a list ot all poisons or
fu ms, manul'actiueift of artificial limbs, who have
been employed or authorized to furnish arms, legs,
hands, or feet, of their invention or construction, to
soldiers at the expense of the -Government; and also
a hpt of tho names and residences of all soldiers who
have been thus furnished, indicating, also, in tho
ease of each man what artificial i.mb or member has
been provided for him, at what date, at what cost,
and of what manufacture.
PAYMASTERS OK THE AIOIY.
Mr. SCHI'jNCK, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, to which was referred Houso
bill No. 3.00, relating to the accounts of pay*
