1872
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
masters, reported back a bill for the relief of
paymasters of the Army.
The bill was read a first and second time,
and ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time.
The bill allows an additional compensation
to paymasters of the Army, employed, during
the rebellion, of one fourth of one per cent, on
all sums disbursed, provided that the commis-
sions to any one paymaster shall not exceed
$1,000 per annum.
The morning hour having expired, onmotion
of Mr. SCHENCK, the bill was ordered to be
printed.
BANKRUPT BILL.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour having
expired, the first business in order is the motion
to reconsider the vote by which the bankrupt
bill was rejected, upon which the gentleman
from Michigan [Mr. Beamax] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to ask a question,
the answer to which will enable me to govern
my vote somewhat on the motion to recon-
sider. It is whether, if the bill is reconsidered,
those having it in charge will consent to its
reconsideration to a stage early enongh to admit
amendments ; or whether they will consent that
it be recommitted to the committee to be re-
ported again,to the end that it may be amended ?
I would like to know whether it is the intention,
should it be reconsidered, to press the bill to
a vote precisely as it now stands.
Mr. BEAMAN. 'Not having had charge of
the bill, I should not feel at liberty to make
any arrangement of the kind suggested by the
gentleman from New York.
Mr. JENCKES. I will answer the question,
with the permission of the gentleman from
Michigan, [Mr. Beaman-.] The Senate has
passed a bill reorganizing the judiciary of the
United States. If that hill becomes a law, it
will be necessary to modify this bill, and it can
only be done after the bill which lias passed
the Senate shall have passed this House.
I will agree, so far as I have any interest in
the matter,'to meet the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Coxklixg] in any modification that
may improve the machinery—if I may use
the phrase—by which the operation of this bill
can be carried into effect. It can only be done
by the friends of the bill meeting, considering,
and maturing the propositions that are required
for that purpose. If the bill passes this House
and goes before the committee of the Senate,
that committee having reported the bill amend-
ing the judiciary system of the country, the
gentleman's propositions or the propositions
of any other gentlemen may be then and there
considered.
Mr. CONKLING. Shall we understand,then,
that the reconsideration of the vote by which
the bill was lost implies that the House is to
be brought to a vote upon the bill as it stands
now. and that we are to trust merely to the
golden promise of some shadowy by and by in
the Senate?
Mr. JENCKES. When the gentleman has
answered the question fairly, if he has an amend-
ment which he thinks will improve the bill, the
gentleman from Rhode Island will meet him,
if he has not done so already.
Mr. G'ONKLING. Then may we understand
from that, that if we vote to reconsider this bill
the reconsideration will be carried back behind
the third reading, and the bill will then be sub-
ject to amendment; or in the other event, that
the gentleman from Rhode Island [Mr. Jexckes]
wii! consent to have the bill recommitted, so
that in that way we may have the bill amended?
The SPEAKER. The third reading of the
bill could not now be reconsidered; the motion
to reconsider should have been submitted on
the day or the day following when it was read
the third time. The bill may be recommitted,
if the motion to reconsider shall prevail, to the
committee, with or without instructions, and
thus he again open to amendment.
Mr. JLNCKES. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Coxklixg] understands that a recom-
mittal of this bill at this time is equivalent to
its rejection. If the gentleman has any_ amend-
ment to propose which he thinks will improve
the bill I will agree to a reconsideration of all
the votes necessary to enable him to offer his
amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. Would it be acceptable
to the gentleman to have the bill recommitted
with leave to report it again at any time?
Mr. JENCKES. That is not for ine to say;
it is for the House to determine that question.
If the House will agree to that of course I will
agree to it. But in the pressure of business
now I cannot ask this of the House.
The SPEAKER. If the bill be recommit-
ted the motion to reconsider may be entered,
and if it is not laid upon the table, the bill may
be brought back into the House at any time,
or it may be reported when the committee on
bankruptcy is called again this session, though
that may not be for three or four weeks.
Mr. JENCKES. The committee may never
be called again.
The SPEAKER. It would undoubtedly
delay the bill to recommit it.
Mr. JENCKES. The objection of the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Coxkling,] as I
understand, is simply to the machinery by
which this bill, if it shall become a law, is to
be carried into effect. Now, I am willing to
meet him, and to improve that machinery, if
I can do so in any way known to him or to me.
I understand he has no objection to the prin-
ciple of the law; and if he has not, then I
appeal to him to meet me as I will meet him.
Let this bill pass this House here and now, so
that it may go into the statute-books of this
country, and if there are any defects in it, it
may be improved hereafter.
Mr. CONKLING. By permission of the
gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Beamax,] I
will say a word in answer to the remark of the
gentleman from Rhode Island, [Mr. Jexckes.]
I have no doubt the House is much indebted
to him for the labor, and it must have been very
great, which he has bestowed upon this bill.
And I beg him to understand that any objection
which I have made to it is not designed at all
to diminish the credit due to him and to his
committee for preparing a bill which contains
many very valuable principles and provision!).
Nor do I mean to be understood as criticising
this bill at large : far from it. On the contrary,
I beg to say to the gentleman, in the first place,
that I am quite willing for one to vote for a bank'-
rupt bill. I am quite willing to admit, because
I believe it, that this bill contains very much
of merit, and comparatively very little that is
objectionable.
But at the same time, with groat respect to
the committee, having given this subject here-
tofore a great deal of attention, and knowing
as I do the opinions of a great many persons
not members of this House whose views are
entitled to weight. I cannot convince myselfthat
this bill, as it now stands, ought to pass finally,
or that it ought to pass this House trusting to
the Senate to improve it. On the contrary. I
think it ought to be recommitted and brought
back here the next time without certain features
which I for one consider very objectionable.
Therefore I shall be glad to vote to recon-
sider the vote by which this bill was rejected.
1 think there is a fair chance that it may be
reconsidered by the House, if we only can have
an understanding that after it shall be recon-
sidered it shall be recommitted to the com-
mittee. A motion to "reconsider the recom-
mitment can be entered, which will enable the
gentleman to call the bill up at any time. Or
leave can be given by the House, if unanimous
consent can be obtained, that the gentleman
have leave to report the bill back again at any
time. Or, in the third place, what I think
would be equally acceptable to him, the bill
can be recommitted with the understanding
that when the committee is again called it can
be then reported!" The Speaker informs us
that that will be in two, or three, or four weeks,
more or less. And then the session will be at
thatstage, in reference to other business, which
I think will give the gentleman as good an op-
portunity as the present for having this bill
considered.
I am unwilling, for one, to vote for this bill
as it now stands. I do not mean to condemn
it in its main features ; and I am quite willing
to vote for it if some objections to it which
seem to me to be quite unanswerable are re-
moved.
Mr. JENCKES. With the permission of the
gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Beamax,] who
has the floor, I will say a few words in reply
to the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Coxk-
lixg.] I do not hear from him, and I have
not heard from him in the course of the debate
upon this bill, any proposition of amendment,
which, if accepted, he would agree to. I do
not know of any proposition of amendment with
regard to carrying this bill into effect which he
could make that I would not agree to.
Mr. CONKLING. I am not sure whether
the gentleman would like me to interrupt him
at this point or not.
Mr. JENCKEiS. I have no objection.
Mr. CONKLING. I understood the gentle-
man to say that he had heard no proposition
from me to amend in such wise that if adopted
it would be acceptable to me.
Mr. JENCKES. That is just whatT said,
and just what I meant to say.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I beg to correct
the gentleman, if he will allow me. As to what
the gentleman calls the machinery of the bill,
as to the provision, for example, placing it at
the option of the marshal to make his district
swarm with deputies, I will agree to the pro-
vision of the bill in that respect as it stands, if
he will simply consent to emasculate it in the
particular I have mentioned; if he will take
out of it what 1 believe to be an unnecessary
and pernicious provision.
In regard to other matters, I can suggest to
him as rapidly as I can use a pencil what I
think will improve the bill, and which if
adopted would be acceptable to me.
Mr. JENCKES. Yes, Mr. Speaker; but
the gentleman lias not proposed any amend-
ment to meet that particular difficulty. And
it is a difficulty arising out of what I have
called, and the gentleman has retorted upon
me the phrase, "the machinery of the law."
I must confess that I do not know of any better
mode of having the law executed, if this bill is
to become a law, than the one reported from
the committee. If the gentleman can think
of any, then let him offer or propose his amend-,
ment, and we will accept it.
Mr. CONKLING. I do think of abetter
mode. My colleague from the Madison dis-
trict [Mr. Holmes] presented an amendment
which I think is better.
Mr. JENCKES. I offered to accept that
amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. Then why was it not
accepted ?
Mr. SPALDING. I do not think this dis-
cussion is likely to be productive of any prac-
tical advantage.
Mr. JENCKES. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Spalding] is right in that. But I wish to
say, if the gentleman from Michigan [Mr.Br*-
max] will allow me, that this discission has
now'been brought down to this simple propo-
sition. members oppose the passage of this bill
because of some defects in the machinery by
which it is to be carried into execution, and not
because of any principle involved in the bill.
Now, if the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Coxklixg] chooses to take that position the
responsibility is upon him and not upon me.
Mr. BEAMAN. I now yield to the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Cook] for a few moments.
Mr. COOK. I have but a single remark to
make in connection with this bill. As it is now
framed this bill seems to me to do away with
our State homestead exemption laws, such as
prevail in the State of Illinois, lor instance. I
have watched the working of those laws, and
believe that they are more beneficent in their
operations, that they afford more real protec-
tion to the people than would this bill if it
