2832
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
premises will be held and oeeupied. Any person or
persons who shall make a false or fraudulent repre-
sentation in such notice shall be liable to a fine of
$300, to be recovered with costs of suit.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 27. Andbeit further enacted, That no person or
persons shall make or distill spirits until such per-
son, with two or more good and sufficient sureties, to
be approved by the collector within whose district
the business is to be carried on, has entered, jointly
and severally, icto a bond to the United States in
sueh sum as shall be hereinafter specified; and such
bond shall be accompanied with satisfactory affida-
vits of the sufficiency of the sureties executing tho
same, and such approval shall be indorsed on said
bond by the collector, and the affidavits bo attached
thereto; and anew bond may be required by the col-
lector whenever either of the sureties shall die, be-
come insolvent, or remove permanently out of the
coilcction district; in any of which cases the party
to the bond shall bo conditioned that, in case any
still or stills, or other implements to be used for dis-
tilling, shall be erected or used by him, his agent, or
superintendent, ho will, before using, or causiug, or
permitting the same to be vised, report in writing to
said assessor the capacity thereof, and give informa-
tion from time to time of any change in the location,
form, capacity, ownership, agency, or superintend-
ence, which all or either of the said still or stills or
other implements may undergo; that he will, from
day to day, enteror cause to be entered, in a book to
be kept for that purpose, the number of pounds or
gallons of materials used, and the number of gallons
of spirits that may be distilled by said still or stills,
or other implements; that said bookshallbe open at
all hours during the day to the inspection of any as-
sessor, assistant assessor, collector, deputy collector,
revenue agent, or inspector, who may make any
memorandums or transcripts therefrom; that he
will render to said assessor or assistant assessor,
on the 1st, 11th, and 21st days of each and every
month, or within live days thereafter, an exact ac-
count in writing of the number of pounds or gallons
of material used for the purpose of producingspirits,
the number of gallons of spirits distilled, and the
number of gallons placed in warehouse; and that he
will not sell, or permit to besold.orremovedforcon-
sumption or sale, any spirits distilled until the same
shall have been gauged, inspected, proved, and de-
posited in the bonded warehouse, and the quantity
thereof duly entered upon his books as aforesaid, with
the name and place of business of the party to whom
such spirits may be sold; that he will render all
accounts and pay all taxes and penalties which he
may become liable to render or pay under the laws
of the United States; and that such party will faith-
fully comply with the requirements of law as well
with regard to such account?, duties, and penalties,
as to all other matters and things whatsoever. And
such bond shall be executed before the said collector
of internal revenue, and bhall be filed in bis office,
and a copy of the same, duly certified by him, shall
be forthwith transmitted to the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue at Washington; and tbe bond
aforesaid shall remain in force until all the provis-
ions and conditions of said bond havebeen fully com-
plied with: Provided, That such bond shall not be
required for agreateramountthandoubletheamount
of tax on the spirits that can be distilled by such still
or stills or otherimplementsdnringaperiod of fifteen
days.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
in line thirteen to strike out "party to."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask whether the Clerk
has read this evening any other sections than
this one.
The CHAIRMAN. He has read those im-
mediately preceding it.
Mr. ING-ERSOLL. I -wish to ask the com-
mittee to postpone the consideration of the
section relating to the manufacture of high-
wines until we have a fuller committee. It is
an interest in which the West is largely con-
cerned. I see that the committee is slim this
evening. I ask the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means to allow these sections
to be reserved.
Mr. GARFIELD. I have a verbal amend-
ment to move. I move in line sixteen to strike
out "him" and insert "such distiller.'7
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means whether
he will consent to my proposition.
Mr. MORRILL. The gentleman will see
that what wo have passed is merely formal.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I understand there is a
provision in the bill prohibiting the manufac-
ture of alcohol on the same premises where
whisky is manufactured. I only want to have
the opportunity to make objection or to move
amendments hereafter.
Mr. THAYER. I move in line thirteen to
Strike out "any" and insert "all."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I move to add
the following at the end of line fifty-seven:
Provided, however, Thatany licensed distillerhaving
also obtain eel a license to rectify spirits, shall and may
complete the process of distilling spirits into alcohol
by continuous distillation in the same manufactory
in which the spirits are distilled, and in that case
shall not be required to run the spirits into cisterns
and to put the same in casks, barrels, or packages, or
pay the duty or tax thereon until tho completion of
the process of distillation, when the provisions of
law shall bo applicable to the product, under regula-
tions to be prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask the gentleman fro m
Illinois to postpone his amendment until we
come to section twenty-nine.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I shall be glad
to accommodate the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. GARFIELD. It is no accommodation
to me; I only want to save time.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. The section is
passed, I understand, which prohibits the man-
ufacture of alcohol in the same establishment
as whisky. It recognizes two systems, one
distinct from the other.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. No such
section l^as yet been adopted.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I ask that my
amendment shall be considered now.
Mr. Chairman, I have looked over this bill
with considerable care. I look on it as impor-
tant that the interests which are connected with
the protection of spirits, and which is expected
to be a source of great revenue to the Govern-
ment, should be allowed to be carried on with
as little inconvenience as possible. It is not a
matter o£so much moment to me how high the
tax upon spirits shall be as that no unnecessary
inconvenience or obstruction shall be imposed
upon the manufacture.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman will allow me to interrupt him. I will
call'his attention to the twenty-ninth section,
where the subject is especially provided, and
ask him to wait until we come to that section,
It contains the restriction to which he objects,
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I withdraw my
amendment for the present.
Mr. ALLISON. I ask consent to go back
and amend section twenty-five by striking out
the following, at the close thereof:
And the person or persons furnishing the informa-
tion upon which such sei/.ure shall have been made,
or the officer who made such seizure, if having acted
upon information obtained by himself, shall, upon
the order of the Secretary of the Treasury, receive
such part and in such proportions of a moiety of the
said one hundred per cent, assessed penally, and of a
moiety of the said fine when recovered, as the Secre-
tary of the Treasury shall determine.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. O'NEILL. I move to amend section
twenty-eight by inserting in line thirty, after
the word " therefrom," the following:
Any one of whom having made the inspection
during the current day shall leave with the said dis-
tiller a certificate to that effect, which shall, upon
being sworn, prevent the necessity of any further
inspection during that day.
The clause will then read:
That said book shall be open at all hours during
the day to the inspection of any assessor, assistant
assessor, collector, deputy collector, revenue agent,
or inspector, who may make any memorandums or
transcripts therefrom, any one of whom having made
j the inspection during the current day shall leave with
the said distiller a certificate to that effect, which
j shall, upon belngswurn, prevent the necessity of any
i farther inspection during that day.
My object in offering this amendment is to
save trouble and vexation to the distillers from
frequent, daily inspections. While I deem it
necessary that a strict watch should be kept
over distillers, I am anxious to see them re-
lieved from too frequent visits of tho revenue
j officers. Some elioek should certainly be put
upon officials who for vexatious purposes may
insist upon making these inspections.
Mr. MORRILL. If the amendment of tho
gentleman prevails, the effect of it would be
to afford ample security for the commission
of any amount of fraud after the inspector
shall have once visited the establishment.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec. 28. Andbeit further enacted, That upon ovory
notice duly made, as herein providod, for making,
distilling, rectifying, or compounding spirits or spir-
ituous liquors, and upon payment of the special tax
imposed, and the due execution of the bond with
sureties as required by law, such person or persons
may use such utensils, machinery, and apparatus in
the place or premises specified in the notice, and in
such place or premises only: Provided, That any col-
lector may refuse to receive sueh notice or approve
of such bond, when, in his judgment, the location of
the distillery is sueh as would enable the distiller to
defraud the Government in respect to the revenue;
and in case of such refusal, the distiller may appeal
to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, whoso
decision in the matter shall be final.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 29. And he it farther enacted. That no person,
firm, or corporation, shall use any still, boiler, or
other vessel, for the purpose of distilling in any build-
ing or on any premises where beer, lager beer, ale,
porter, or other fermented liquors are manufactured;
and no still, boiler, or other vessel, shall be used as
aforesaid in any building or on any premises where
beer, lager beer, ale, porter, or other fermented
liquors, vinegar, ether, or alcohol are manufactured
or produced, or where sugars or sirups are refined, or
where liquors of ;my description arc retailed, or any
other business is carried on; and every person who
shall use such still, boiler, or other vessel, for the
purpose of distilling, as aforesaid, in any building or
other premises where the above specified articles nro
manufactured, produced, or other business is carried
on, or who shall procure the same to be done, shall
forfeit such stills, boilers, or other vessels soused, and
all the spirits distilled, and pay a fine of $1,000, and
be imprisoned for not less than six months nor more
than one year, in the discretion of the court; and any
person, firm, or corporation, who shall manufacturo
any still, boiler, or other vessel, to be used for the pur-
pose of distilling, shall, before the same is removed
from the place of manufacture, notify the collector
where such still, boiler, or other vessel is to be used or
sent, of the intention to send or set up the same, and
of its capacity, and the time when the same is to be
sent or set up; and no such still, boiler, or other ves-
sel, shall be set up without the permit in writing of
the collector for that purpose; and any person, firm,
or corporation, who shall set up such still, boiler, or
other vessel, without first obtaining a permit from
the collector of the district in which sueh still, boiler,
or other vessel is intended to be used, or who shall
fail to give such notice, shall pay in either case the
sum ofioOO, and shall forfeit the distilling apparatus
thus manufactured or set up in violation of law: Pro-
vided, That saleratus may be made or manufactured
in any building or on any premises where spirits are
distilled: Provided further, That any boiler used in
generating steam or heating water to be used in such
distillery may be located in any other building or on
any other premises to be connected with such still or
boiling tubs, by suitable pipes or other apparatus, or
the steam from such boiler in the distillery may be
conveyed to other premises to be used for manufac-
turing or other purposes.
Mr. MORRILL. I will say to the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Hakdxxg] that if he
desires it I will move to pass over this section
till to-morrow, when we can have a full House.
Mr. HARDIN0, of Illinois. I imagine that
there can be no dispute upon the question
which is raised by this amendment which f
have proposed. There can be no objection to
continuing the business as it has been done
for years. The distillers all manufacture this
high proof article, and we ask only that they
may be allowed to continue the distillation of
alcohol by a continuous process of distillation
in the same room and by the same machinery.
I only want to strike out the word "alcohol''
in the section.
Mr. MO RRTLL. I will move to pass it over.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I was in hopes
it would be accepted.
The CHAIRMAN. If there is no objection
it will be passed over.
Mr. INGERSOLL objected, but afterwards
withdrew his objection.
Mr. GARFIELD. I understand there is
only one point desired to be passed over, and
that is simply the word "alcohol."
Mr. McRUER. I move to amend by insert-
ing after the word " on,'1 in section twenty-nine,
the words " or in any dwelling house;" so that
it will read, " or where liquors of any desorip-
tion are retailed, or any other business is car-
ried on, or in any dwelling-house." It seems
to me it would be a wise provision that no dis-
tillation should be carried on in any dwelling-
house.
Mr. GARFIEJjD. Ihopethatwill be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COBB. I move to strike out in line four
the words "beer, lager beer, ale, porter."
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Include
the words "or other fermented liquors."
