392
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
jJuly 25,
39th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
one thousand feet radius, to a point in square
number seven hundred and thirty-two; thence
by an underground excavation or tunnel, pass-
ing under squares number seven hundred and
thirty-two, seven hundred and sixty-two, seven
hundred and sixty-one, seven hundred and
sixty, seven hundred and eighty-seven, seven
hundred and eighty-six, eight hundred and six-
teen, eight hundred and fifteen, eight hundred
and thirty-nine, eighthundred and thirty-eight,"
eight hundred and sixty-six, eight hundred and
sixty-five, eight hundred and sixty-four, and
the different streets and avenues intervening,
to a point in square number eight hundred and
ninety-three; thence, by a curve of not less
than one thousand feet radius, into Eighth
street east; thence by the most direct and eli-
gible route, to an intersection with the Wash-
ington branch of tile Baltimore and Ohio rail-
road.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
provisions of sections three and four of ihe act
to which this is an amendment shall be appli-
cable to the extension of said road or tracks
as hereby authorized, and that it shall be law-
ful for said company to construct a draw or
other bridge across the Washington canal at
its intersection with D street south, of such
plans and dimensions as may be approved by
the corporation of Washington, and so as not
to interfere with the navigation of said canal.
And also to use steam power in the transpor-
tation of passengers and freight over said rail-
road and branches, subject, however, to such
restrictions and regulations as may be imposed
by tha corporate authorities of the city of
\Y ashington in respect to such portions thereof
as ma\ be located in said city.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
consent of Congress be, and the same is hereby,
granted for a period of eighteen months from
the passage, of this act, to the Alexandria,
Washington, and Georgetown Railroad Com-
pany, to use steam power in drawing the cars
of said company on the structure across the
Potomac river erected by said company, under
the provisions of the act entitled "An act
to extend the charter of the Alexandria and
Washington Railroad Company, and for other
purposes," approved March three, eighteen
hundred and sixty-three, and along the rail-
way now laid by said company, or which may
be hereafter laid, under the provisions of the
said act, along Maryland avenue and First
street west, in the city of Washington, to the
present depot of the Washington branch of the
Baltimore and Ohio railroad, subject always,
and in all particulars, to such restrictions and
regulations concerning the use of said steam
power as the corporation of Washington may,
by its ordinances, [at] any time impose upon
the said railroad company: Provided, That
said company shall not propel their engines at
a greater rate of speed than five miles per hour
within the corporate limits of Washington city.
Sec. 4. Andbeit further enacted, That the
said railroad company shall bs required to pay
any and all damages that may result to private
property from the extension of said road, and
the tunneling under the several lots and squares
of ground as heretofore provided; and that in
the event the owner or owners of such prop-
erty and the said company cannot agree as to
the amount of such damages, or the value of
any private property so appropriated for the
purpose of such extension of said road, such
proceedings shall thereupon be had for the
appropriation and assessment of the damages
thereof as are authorized and required under
the laws now in force in the District of Colum-
bia, regulating appropriations and assessment
of damages _ for opening roads, streets, and
alleys in said District. That upon the pay-
ment to the owner or owners of the amount
of such award of damages, or the lawful
tender thereof, together with the payment of
all costs of such proceedings, the said com-
pany shall acquire the right to use and oc-
cupy for the purposes of said railroad all such
lands so appropriated, in such a manner as
may be necessary for the proper working and
running said road.
Approved, July 25, 1866.
Chap. CCLT.—An Act to authorize the Exten-
sion, Construction, and Use by the Baltimore
and Ohio Railroad Company of a Railroad
from between Knoxville and the Monocacy
Junction into and within the District of Co-
lumbia.
Whereas it is represented to this present
Congress that the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad
Company, incorporated by the State of Mary-
land, are desirous of extending the road au-
thorized to be built by them, by an act of the
General Assembly of that State, entitled "An
act to authorize the Baltimore and Ohio Rail-
road Company to build a railroad from a point
on the line of its road between Knoxville and
the Monocacy Junction, through Frederick and
Montgomery counties, to the boundary of the
District of Columbia, so as fo make a direct
communication with the city of Washington,"
into and within the District of Columbia:
Therefore,
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress^ assembled, That the Baltimore and
Ohio Railroad Company shall be, and they are
hereby, authorized to extend into and within
the District of Columbia the road aforesaid, to
such point or points, terminus or termini, as
may be agreed upon between the said company
and the corporation of Washington, in respect,
of a road within the limits of Washington, and
between the said company and the corporation
of Georgetown, as respects a road within the
limits of Georgetown. An[d] the said Balti-
more and Ohio Railroad Company are hereby
authorized to have and exercise the same pow-
ers, rights, and privileges, and shall be subject
to the same restrictions, in the extension and
construction of the said road, into and within
the said District as they have, may exercise,
or possess, or are subject to within the State
of Maryland, under and by virtue of their
charter or act of incorporation from the State
of Maryland ; and shall be entitled to the same
franchises, rights, compensation, benefits, and
immunities in the use of the said road as are
provided in the said charter.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That all
the provisions of the several acts of Congress
relating to the lateral road authorized to be
built into and within the District of Columbia
by an act passed March seeond, eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-one, and entitled "'An act to
authorize the extension, construction, and use
of a lateral branch of the Baltimore and Ohio
road into and within the District of Colum-
bia," and the supplements thereto, be, and
they are hereby, declared to apply to the Balti-
more and Ohio Railroad Company so- far as
they are severally applicable to the location,
construction, and use by the said company of
the road now authorized to be constructed into
and within the said District.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
said railroad company shall commence the
construction of said extension of said road
within one year, and complete the same within
three years after the passage of this act; and
on failure to do so, the privileges granted by
this act shall be forfeited by said company.
Approved, July 25, 1866.
Chap. CCLII.—An Act to change the Port of
Entry in Puget's Sound.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That from and after the
first day of October, eighteen hundred and
sixty-six, the port of Port Angelos, in the dis-
trict of Puget's Sound, in Washington Terri-
tory, is hereby abolished as a port of entry,
and that Port Townsend be, and is hereby,
established as the port of entry and delivery
for the said district, from and after said date.
Approved, July 25, I860.
Chap. CCLIII.—An Act to grade Bast Capitol
Street and establish Lincoln Square.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatioes of the United States of America in
Conqress assembled, That the Commissioner of
Public Buildings be, and he hereby is, author-
ized and directed, in such manner as he may
deem most proper, to cause East Capitol street
to be graded from Third street east to Eleventh
street east, and to cause the square at the in-
tersection of said street with Massachusetts,
North Carolina, Tennessee, and Kentucky ave-
nues, between Eleventh and Thirteenth streets
east, to be inclosed with a wooden fence, and
the same shall be known as Lincoln square.
And the sum of fifteen thousand dollars is
hereby appropriated oijt of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to enable
the said improvement to be made.
Approved, July 25, I860.
Crap. CCLIV.—An Act in Relation to the un-
lawful Tapping of Go vernment. Water Pipes.
Be it enacted' bp the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the unlawful tapping
of any water pipe laid down in the District of
Columbia by authority of the United States is
hereby declared to be a misdemeanor and an
indictable offense; and any person who may
be indicted for and convicted of such offense
in the criminal court of the District of Colum-
bia shall be subject to such fine as the court
may think proper to impose, not exceeding five
hundred dollars, or to imprisonment for a term
not exceeding one year. And it is hereby made
the special duty of the Commissioner of "Public
Buildings to bring to the notice of the attorney
of the United States for the District of Colum-
bia, or to the grand jury, any infraction of this
law.
Appboved, July 25, 1866.
Chap. CCLV.—An Act to authorize the Entry
and Clearance of Vessels at the Port of
Calais, Maine.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That, from and after the
passage of this act, the Secretary of the Treas-
ury may authorize, under such regulations as
he shall deem necessary, the deputy collector
of customs at the port of Calais, in the State
of Maine, to enter and clear vessels, and to
perform such other official acts as the said Sec-
retary shall think advisable.
Appboved, July 25, 1866.
Chap. CGLXII.—An Act granting the Right
of Way to Ditch and C-anal Owners over the
Public Lands, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the mineral lands of
the public domain, both surveyed and unsur-
veyed,are hereby declared to be free and open
to exploration and occupation by all citizens
of the United States, and those who have de-
clared their intention to become citizens, sub-
ject to such regulations as may be prescribed
by law, and subject also to the local customs
or rules of miners in the several mining districts,
so far as the same may not be in conflict with
the laws of the United States.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That
whenever any person or association of persons
claim a vein or lode of quartz, or other rock
in place, bearing gold, silver, cinnabar, or cop-
per, having previously occupied and improved
the same according to the local custom or rules
of miners in the district where the same is situ-
