3792
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 13,
been done. It is idle for the Senator from
Indiana to shut his eyes to what is apparent to
the whole country, what everybody sees. Sir,
the southern States lately in rebellion are not
restored in their constitutional relations. They
have not organized State governments with
authority to representation in either House of
Congress. The power which declared them in
insurrection and rebellion is the only power-to
declare them out of that insurrection and re-
bellion. When that declaration shall be made
—and I trust the facts and the circumstances of
the country may admit of its being made at an
early day—then, sir, it will be for each House
to determine for itself whether the represent-
atives possess the requisite qualifications and
have been duly elected. That is the question.
It is a .mistaken notion to say that the consti-
tutional relations of these States have been
restored. Such is not the fact. They talk
about the Executive Government having re-
stored them. The Executive Government has
no power to restore them; and if it had the
power, it has not done it. It interferes every
day. The ink is scarcely dry upon an order
establishing military authority through every
one of them. It has not been done even by
the Executive. He has not pretended to do
it. He could not do it if he tried. Now, sir,
v/e are making all haste to restore these con-
stitutional relations, and when that is done we
shall be glad to receive representatives who
are qualified and properly elected into both
Houses of Congress.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICEli, (Mr. Pomeroy
in the chair.) The question is on the motion of
the Senator from New York [Mr. morgan] to
postpone the further consideration of the bill
until the second Tuesday in December next,
upon which motion the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
Mr. RIDDLE. I wish to state that I have
faired off on this bill with the Senator from
llinois, who is absent, [Mr. Yates.] If I
were at liberty to do so I should vote for the
postponement and against the bill.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Buckalew, Clark,
Cowan, Davis, Fessenden, Foster, Grimes, Guthrie,
Harris, Henderson, Hendricks, Johnson, Lane of In-
diana, Morsan, Nesmith, Norton, Saulsbury, Sher-
man, Van Winkle, Willey,Williams, and Wilson—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Cragin, Doolittle, Ed-
munds, Howard, Howe, Poland, Pomeroy, Ramsey,
Sprague, Sumner, Trumbull, and Wade—13.
ABSENT—Messrs.Gonness. Creswell, Dixon,Kirk-
wood, Lane of Kansas, McDougall, Morrill, Nye,
Riddle, Stewart, Wright, and Yates—12.
So the motion was agreed to.
relief of portland sufferers.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask the permission
of the Senate to allow me to offer a joint res-
olution, which it is necessary to pass immedi-
ately for the purpose of sending it to the House
of Representatives, with reference to the suf-
ferers by the late fire in the city of Portland.
I think it will occasion no debate. If it does
I will withdraw it. I send it to the desk to be
read.
By unanimous consent leave was granted
to introduce a joint resolution (S. No. 131) for
the temporary relief of the sufferers by the late
fire in Portland, in the State of Maine ; and it
was read twice, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
It proposes to authorize the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue to suspend the collection
of such taxes as may have been assessed or as
may have accrued prior to July 5, 18.66, in the
first collection district in the State of Maine
against any person residing, doing business, or
owning property in that portion of the city of
Portland recently destroyed by fire; but this
suspension is not to continue after the close of
the next session of Congress.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will say one word in
explanation of the resolution. It is a mere
authority to suspend the collection of taxes;
and the great reason for it is that by the law
if they are not-paid in a eertain time an addi-
tion of ten per cent, is made; and.' it is utterly
impossible for a great many of these persons
to pay at present.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is there any time limited
for the suspension ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is limited so that it
shall not be in force beyond the next session
of Congress, so that Congress may then legis-
late further on the subject if necessary.
- The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. An objection occurs to
me from the reading of the resolution that it
might extend to persons who did not suffer at
all by the fire. It applies to all persons living
in the burnt district, but many persons may
have lived in that district who have not actually
suffered, by reason of insurance.
_ Mr. FESSENDEN". It says distinctly "re-
siding, or doing business, or owning property"
in the burnt district. It was drawn by the
Commissioner himself, and merely confers
upon him the authority of suspending the col-
lection of the tax.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
the object.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Commissioner
stated to me that he should send to the col-
lector to inform him of the cases where it
would be advisable and necessary to make the
suspension. The resolution does not compel
him to suspend the collection. Let it be read
again, and Senators will see that it is guarded.
The Secretary read the resolution.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is the day named the day
of the fire ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir. I think it
should read "prior to the 4th;" but "prior
to the 5th" will do as well.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask the honorable mem-
ber if some taxes have not accrued since the
5th.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The fire was extin-
guished on the 5th ; it was only two days.
Mr. JOHNSON. Have any taxes accrued
since?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know.
Mr. JOHNSON. If they have, this ought
to extend to them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The language of the
resolution is, "such taxes as may have been
assessed or as may have accrued." The res-
olution is carefully drawn.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not wish to oppose
the resolution; but I rise to suggest to the Sen-
ator from Maine that he will see himself that,
there might be very many cases where persons
owning property in the burnt district have not
been injured by the fire, even, perhaps, where
they resided in the burnt district, and to whom
this relief ought not to be granted. I suggest
that there ought to be a discretion 
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is discretionary now.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know; but I would say,
" in such cases where the evidence satisfies him
that the parties have lost and are sufferers by
the fire."
Mr. FESSEIJDEN. I am perfectly willing
that the Senator shall put on any proviso that
he pleases.
Mr. SHERMAN. This proceeding is rather
unusual.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The resolution -was
drawn by the Commissioner; there are only
two or three words inserted by me, such as
'' owning property." I wish to have it guarded
properly.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not wish to set a bad
enample.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is right.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to amend the res-
olution by inserting after the word "fire," in
the sixteenth line, the words, " and who in the
opinion of said Commissioner has suffered ma-
terial loss by such fire."
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, was- read the third
time, and passed,
internal taxation.
Mr. VAN WINKLE submitted the following
resolution; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the
Senate, five thousand copies of the internal tax laws
now in force, so that the several provisions in relation
to the same subject shall be inserted in connection,
together with a suitable index to the same, the whole
to be compiled and prepared for printing under the
direction of the Commissioner of- internal Revenue.
message from the ho0se.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhebsou, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. It. No.
779) to incorporate the National Soldiers' and
Sailors' Orphan Home, in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate.
The bill was read twice by its title and re-
ferred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
northern pacific railroad.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill (S. No.
387) to secure the speedy construction of the
Northern Pacific railroad and telegraph line,
and to secure to the Government the use of
the same for postal, military, and other pur-
poses.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays on the motion to take up this bill. It is
a bill guarantying the payment of interest on
the stock of the Northern Pacific Railroad
Company. It is a bill involving millions upon
millions of dollars. It is evident that we ought
not to take up the few hours left of this session
in discussing and considering so grave a meas-
ure. The committee, as a matter of course,
were divided upon it. The bill proposes to
guaranty for twenty years the interest on about
one hundred millions of the Northern Pacific
railroad stock. It is a bill of magnitude, and
therefore it is hardly worth while to begin to
discuss it at this period of the session.
Mr._ ANTHONY. If theSenator from Ohio
will yield me the floor, I will make a motion
that will perhaps meet his views; and that is
that the Senate prooeed to the consideration
of executive business.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we had better
have the sense of the Senate tested on taking
up this bill; otherwise the motion will be made
again to-morrow. I wish to test the matter
now. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope this bill will be
taken up. The Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road had the matter under consideration, and
after the most thorough consideration they were
able to give it, they felt it their duty to recom-
mend its passage to the Senate. It has under-
gone a very thorough and careful investigation
on their part. There is no doubt about the
importance of the measure, as the Senator from
Ohio has said; but I do not see why a bill so
important as this confessedly is should be given
the go-by in this way. I will not now go into
the merits of the measure, because it would be
out of order. _ I hope the Senate will at least
pay respect enough to this bill, important as it
is, to take it up for consideration. The Sen-
ator from Ohio will find before he gets through
the discussion of it, if he shall participate in
the discussion, that it is as worthy of the con-
sideration of this body as any bill we are likely
to consider between this and the adjournment
of the Senate. I hope the bill will be taken up.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have but a word to say
in reply. This bill will undoubtedly excite a
good deal of discussion. That it merits dis-
cussion is shown by the fact that it involves so
large a sum of money, and that it proposes to
aid in the construction of a road to rival one
which the Government is actually engaged in
building. It is a great and important project,
which ought not to be pressed at this period of
the session, and I am rather surprised that it
is called up. If it was merely called up to
enable the Senator to express his views upon
it, I should have no objection; but the idea of
passing the bill or engaging in its discussion
with a view to its passage at this period of the
session I think ought not to be entertained.
