1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8793,
The bill is now upon our tables ; it will come
up as unfinished business at the next session,
and it can then be considered. The only effect
of taking up the bill now will be to consume a
considerable portion of time which might well
be bestowed upon other business not likely to
excite much opposition. It is simply a waste
of time to take up the bill at this period of the
session, in my judgment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 19 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Clark, Conness, Cragin,
Doolittle, Edmunds, Hendricks, Howard, Howe,
Nesmith, Norton, Nye, Poland, Pomeroy, Ramsey,
Sprazuc, Sumner, Wade, Williams, and Wilson—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Buckalew. Cow-
an, Davi-j, Fessendcn, Grimes, Guthrie, Harris,
Henderson, Johnson, Kirkwood, Morgan, Kiddle,
Saulsbury, Sherman, Trumbull, Van Winkle, and
Willey—lfl.
ABSENT — Messrs. Creswell, Dixon, Foster, Lane
of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, MeDougall, Morrill,
Stewart, Wright, and Yates—10%
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the Senator from Ore-
gon [Mr. Williams] does not wish to address
the Senate this evening, I move that we pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Several Senators. Oh, no. Why go into
executive session now?
Mr. ANTHONY. There are a groat many
executive messages that ought to be referred,
and it is necessary for the expedition of busi-
ness that it should be done from day to day
unless we are to be detained here after the
adjournment of Congress.
The motion was agreed to—ayes thirteen,
noes not counted.
After some time spent in executive session
the doors were reopened, and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, July 18, 1866.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
On motion of Mr. KUYKENDALL, and by
unanimous consent, the reading of the Journal
oryesterday was dispensed with..
leave of absence.
On motion of Mr. LOAN indefinite leave
of absence was granted to his colleague, Mr.
Kelso, after to-day.
a. t. spencer and gurdon s. hubbard.
Mr. IvUYKENDALL, by unanimous con-
sent, from the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, reported back Senate bill No.
114, for the relief of A. T. Spencer ar.d Gurdon
S. Hubbard, with the recommendation that it
do pass.
Mr. BOUTWELL.^ I should like to know
the reason why ihis bill should be passed.
The bill authorizes and instructs the Post-
master General to audit and adjust the account
of A. T. Spencer and Gurdon S. Hubbard, for
carrying the United States mail from Chicago,
Illinois, to Mackinac, Sault Ste. Marie, Mar-
quette, Copper Harbor, Eagle Harbor, Ea^le
River, and Ontonagon, Michigan; La Point
and Superior, Wisconsin, during the years from
1854 to lSo'J inclusive, and allow therefor such
amount as to him shall appear just and equi-
table, not exceeding the amount allowed for
the same service to the party who afterward
performed the same under contract^ and the
sum by him so found due shall be paid out of
the Treasury of the United States out of any
of the money therein not otherwise appropri-
ated. ,
Mr. KUYIvENDALL. It will be seen that
the laSor for which compensation _is provided
was performed from the year 1854 to 1859.
The whole matter has been carefully investi-
gated, and has not only been approved by the
Postmaster General, but has been reported
favorably six times by committees oi Congress.
If the bill passes now it will be the third time
that the bill has passed this House.
Mr. BOUTWELL. What ia the amount
proposed to be paid?
39tii Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 238.
Mr. KUYKENDALL. The Postmaster Gen-
eral is not to allow more than was authorized
to be paid under the contract. It passed the
committees of both Houses unanimously.
The bill was ordered to a third reading ; and
it was accordingly read the third time and
Mr. KUYKENDALL moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
pension bills.
On motion of the SPEAKER, and by unani-
mous consent, the House took from the Speak-
er' s table and concurred in the amendments of
the Senate, which were merely verbal in their
nature, to bills of the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 702) granting a pension
to Mrs. Charlotte E. Reed;
An act (H. R. No. 739) for the relief of
Samantha Rader;
An act (H. R. No. 741) granting a pension
to Jonathan W. Beach ; and
An act (H. R. No. 742) for the relief of the
minor children of Salvador Accardi, deceased.
st. albans bank.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill for the relief of the St.
Albans Bank, of St. Albans, Vermont; which
was read a first and second time and referred
to the Committee on Banking and Currency.
david wyman.
Mr. ANDERSON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill for the relief of David Wy-
man; which was read a first and second time
andreferred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
soldiers' and sailors' orphans home.
Mr. MERCUR, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported a bill to in-
corporate the National Soldiers' and Sailors'
Orphans Home; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, ordered to be engrossed agl read a
third time, and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. MERCUR moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; aud also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled bills of
the following titles; when the Speaker signed
the same:
An act (H. R. No. 456) to extend the bene-
fits of section four of an act making appropri-
ations for the support of the Army for the year
ending June 30, 18G6, approved March 3,1865;
An act (H. R. No. 726) to extend to certain
persons the privilege of admission, in certain
cases, to the United States Government asy-
lums for the insane;
An act (H. R. No. Oil) to provide for mak-
ing the town of Whitehall, New York, a port
of delivery; and ,
An act (II. R. No. 513) to reduce internal
taxation and to amend an act entitled ''An act
to provide internal revenue to support the Gov-
ernment, to pay interest on the public
and for other purposes," approved June 30,
1864, and acts amendatory thereof.
order 01" business.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the IIouso will
agree to take up the miscellaneous appropria-
tion bill for action. _
The SPEAKER. The House is under the
operation of the previous question in the con-
tested-election case in the twenty-first district
of Pennsylvania, and the gentleman froml enn-
sylvania "asks unanimous consent to go into
Committee of the Whole and consider the spe-
cial order, the miscellaneous appropriation bill.
Mr. SPALDING. 1 object.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman will withdraw his objection, and lot
the miscellaneous appropriation bill be taken
up.
Mr. SPALDING. I have been waiting three-
days to get up a privileged question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I know tho
gentleman will hear me. His matter is one of
privilege and can be taken up at any time, and
it is certainly very important for us, if we want
to get home at all, to act on the miscellaneous
appropriation bill in order to get it to the Sen-
ate. We ought to get through it to-day. Ida
not think it will take a great while.
Mr. SPALDING. I withdraw the objection.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] make objection?
Mr. PAINE. I will not insist upon it if the
gentlerfan from Ohio [Mr. Spalding] with-
draws his objection. m
miscellaneous appropriation bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be
suspended and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So tho rules were suspended; and tho House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Raymond in the chair,) and proceeded to the
consideration of the special order, being bill
of the House No. 737, making appropriations,
for sundry civil expenses of the Government
for the y%ar ending June 30,18G7, and for other
purposes.
On motion of Mr. STEVENS, the first read-
ing of the bill was dispensed with, and it waa
read by sections for amendment.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the
bill by sections. The following paragraph hav-
ing been read:
To establish national oenieterics, and to purchaso
isitcs for the same, at such points as tho President of
tho United States may deem proper, and for tho cara
of tho same, $5U,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, said: I wish
to make a suggestion in regard to this propo-
sition. A bill is now before the Committee on
Military Affairs, and I understand it is ready
to be reported—a very proper one it is, too, I
should say, because I drew it myself, [laugh-
ter]—providing for the establishment of na-
tional cemeteries, fencing them, and the erec-
tion of monuments in them in the manner pre-
scribed by tho bill. If that bill passes—and I
hope and believe it will—it will be in contra-
vention of what is proposed here, and will
require a much larger appropriation than is
made here. Now, my suggestion to tho chair-
man of tho committee is, that we should strike
out, this provision witli a view of letting the
whole subject go to the Committee on Military
Affairs. 'That bill, which I trust will meet
with no opposition—and certainly it will not
meet with tho opposition of any man who be-
lieves that the Government should honor the
ashes of the dead* who have fallen in the de-
fense of the country—-proposes that all those
cemeteries where the remains of the soldiera
are buried shall be fenccd with iron, and pro-
vides for the manner in which monuments
shall be erected. It also provides for porters'
lodges and for the proper care of the grounds.
I presume there will be no objection whatever,
It will require a larger sum than is provided
here, and as that would produce a sort of con-
flict, I hope tho chairman of the committee
will consent to strike out this appropriation.
Mr. BINGHAM. Allow me to make au
inquiry. I wish to know whether the bill' to
which the gentleman refers, which is now be-
fore the Committee on Military Affairs, if it
does not become a law in the form in which it
was presented by the gentleman will not place
this matter at the discretion of the Government
as to the sites of these cemeteries.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The sites-
are already fixed ; they are the places whera
the soldiers are buried.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then it leaves Uio matter
at the discretion of the Secretary of \\ ar.
Mr. STEVENS. I movo to strike out tha
clause.
