1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
809
Bouse lias. For what purposes? To cairytlie
resources of this country into foreign countries,
to build up tlio people of foreign countries,
and to strengthen Governments that have been
for tiie past eei'taiy e idciivoring to destroy
the power which has produced a republican
Government. I object to it on that account,
because I <lo not believe that this Congress is
intended to operate in Imsiue-s.
I have come to the conclusion, in consider-
ing this bill, that it is not for the interest of the
country to send men here to repn sent them
who are engaged in a particular class of busi-
ness. ! have a right to make that statement.
Iiripi re< ptiidy to themselves they will introduce
into legislation measures that harmonize with
the ideas they have formed in the pad in car-
rying on a prosperous business; and especially
do 1 object to it when their honored associates
are willing to take their woid as law and ap-
prove a pioposition which maybe submitted to
them. It is not tiue that the plan is siinply
for the benefit of the $10,000,000 of goods that
arc reexported. That, is nothing; it does not,
amount to anything: it is the feather in the
, weight of the desire, that is inter, (led to be accom-
plished. It is to ha1. e the whole 000,000,
the amount that is introduced into thin country,
as a leverage upon all our industrial interests.
Now, sir, if we will not follow the example
of pverv other country tli.it has been prosper-
ous, let us at any rate look at that example.
Let us see how England and France have be-
come prosperous. It has been by taking the
raw materials of other countries and enhancing
their value. It is readily explained. I go down
to the restaurant tmderthe Senate Chamber and
Ibuy a dozen raw oysters for thirty cents. Free-
trade people would say that is all very well; but
I want them cooked, and then the) charge me
sixty cents. Now, would if be policy for me,
as a grower of oysters, to sell a dozen raw oys-
ters for thirty cents and buy back cooked ones
for sixty cents? I would like to ask any Sen-
ator how I am going to get rich at that opera-
tion. That is the policy and plan which has
been earned into elieet for the last twenty-ih e
tears in this countiy and has exhaii-Led )our
9 lauds. Vou have played into the hands of for-
eigners ; you have given them the command of
every product of this country, that they might
inerea>eits valueand soil it to you at doublethe
price that you got for itinthe beginning. Just
so long as you pursue that policy you will be
poor. Ju-'t so long in yon permit any instru-
mentality pimply for 1 he idea of getting rich to
induce you to submit to that sort of thing, you
will be poor, and you will be, foolish, too.
I object to the bill upon every po'-sible con-
sideration. 1 ohiect to it upon the ground
that ii hurts American interests. hurts the peo-
ple of the United States, and benefits the peo-
ple of other countries. I speak of that which I
know. 1 know of thirty instances where we
are to-da.f returning to foreign manufacturers
thirty or fort) per cent, of prolit. Jn the papers
of X ew Y ork or Boston, or anywhere else, these
profits never are mentioned ; but if a poor, and
hitherto poverty-stricken manufacturer is now
able to get thirty or forty per cent,, the cry i.-,
extortion on the part of the industrial interc.-ts
of the country. I have endeavored to i-liow
that wliero there is no competition in this coun-
try, the foreignei obtains the monopoly ofyour
market and increases the price of e\ erythingto
the consumer. I have endeavored to show
that where there is a competition in this coun-
try with foi eign products, the article is intro-
duced to the consumer cheaper.
I think, then, there is every consideration to
influence the Senate, at any rate, to consider
well before the\ present to this country a prop-
osition ofthG character. All that I have asked
of the Senate is that it shall go to the Finance
Committee, to be considered by them in con-
nection with the measures they propose to pre-
sent to the considera!ion of the Senate in their
policy to relieve the industrial interests of the
CGMiiry of some of its burden-. 1 have asked
Several times, why this mad haMe. why not bring
it in with other measures calculated and in-
tended for fire benefit, of other interests and of
the great industrial interests of this country?
There is no possible reason. Since the forma-
tion of this bonded warehouse system in 18-ld
you have found constant manipulations with the
system, nemo of which seem to have been satis-
factory. In the first place, it was established in
Ib-ifi; and then in a year ortwo itwas changed.
In a year ortwo after that it was changed again,
and then it was changed back to the system of
18-U',. it is constantly going forward and for-
ward and back and back, to suit the conven-
ience of those who are endeavoring to effect
their personal interests in the establishment
of a great public measure.
In IbOlthe measure adopted was that the
duties should be paid \vithin three months, and
if not paid within three months twenty-Jive per
cent, additional should be levied and assessed
on the duties within two years, and if not paid
within two years and the goods remained in
bond for three years they were regarded as
abandoned to the Government. Tn 1802 that
was changed so that the importers had a year
wherein they could pay their duties, and the
Government formed a partnership with them
by which the goods could be kept in balk in
bond out of the1 market, so as to make a scarce
market, and then when ihe market was ju.-.t in
the right trim for their purpose thev would put
them on the market and make a profit of them.
In 1 S'.ili they had a year, and they got rid of the
fwentv-fiveper cent, requirement. They thought
then that a year would answer their purpose.
Since that they have not been satisfied with the
year, but the lime has been extended on several
occasions by resolutions of the Senate and House
of Representatives. approved by the President,
so that they have had additional time without
paying the twenty-five per cent,, additional duty
which the law of JHiil required to be paid. Now,
this proposition is that, they shall have three
year- within w hich time they may pay tin1 duties.
Thus 3'iui see the time was extended from
three months to a year and then from a year
to three y ars. There is no knowing what they
v, ill ask next. The next proposition may be,
" We desire to be relieved entirelj from the pay-
ments of duties." One successful attack, the
accomplishment of one position, induces efforts
to accomplish another and another.
T must confess that the passage of this bill
in the mad haste in which it was passed has
affected me seriously. ii' the great interests of
this country are to lie so handled and managed
by Conjress. 1 can onlvsay, God protect them.
Hut, sir. there is one satisfaction 1 have in all
this matter, that the American people during
the pa,-t four years have had a schooling that
has brightened then-intellect and th'dr percep-
tions. and they will see v.hat is for their true
interests. The power which crcatcd slat cry
for itself, and which antagonized itself against
the industry and interest of the country, except
wherein they could be for its profit, has been
abolished and destroyed : and that poison will
l'ore\ei be kept fiom their lips, and their eyes
will be opened and will continue to be opened
from this time forward, and especially so as
these aggressive attacks are leveled against
their interests. I have an abiding faith that in
the futun—and f hat future is not very far off—
Senators and Representatives will receive a
reminder from their constituents; and I be-
lieve that a reminder from constituents comes
with <rroat power upon both Senators and Kcp-
rescntatives: 1 am inclined to think thai it
works wonders at times: and I a'k the. Amer-
ican people to use a reminder when they find
and see fiom the experiences in their business
j: that it is depressed, that it is not prosperous. In
i! nine cases out of ten that is owing to the un-
' steadiness of legislation here, which the people
Ii in the past hate not realized and understood.
;i Sir, in stud}mg the characters and lives of
j! men who have governed the nations abroad,
England, France, and German) especially, it
has Occurred to me that the Ameiiean ^repre-
sentative might learn something by im-fatntg
■ their example, by devoting at tenv.on to the ma-
ll terial interests of the people, by examining into
the everyday life of the everyday individual;
and instead of soaring so far into the clouds of
constitutional law and the practices and com-
mercial relations between States, devoting some
portion of his time fo the material interests of
the people he represents, to prevent them from
going astray, to prevent them from hat ing then-
interests gradually rusted and frittered away by
a policy which takes their substance from them
as certainly as the leech takes blood from life.
If the policy which has been pursued in the
past shall be continued in the future, your lands,
as I said before, will be exhausted for the bene-
fit of other people ; and the time v, ill come—
not in my day, peiluips, but in the day of some
of those now living—when vou will be poor,
indeed. Every man engaged in the farming
interest of this country knows full well the dis-
advantages of owning poor land. Poor land is
the meanest property that is known in \he cate-
gory of property.
Now, sir, in conclusion, nil 1 beg is, that this
measure may go the Committee on Finance,
and that an opportunity may be afforded, when
the time of members of Congress is not as much
taken up as now with the " society" of the cap-
ital, when we may have more leisuie to give
attention to the great interests which arc be-
fore us. 1 want to investigate this subject in
view of the light shed upon it, by the, men who
have gone before us. When 1 opposed this
bill in the beginning, I must confess I did not
understand it fully; but my eyes were opened
when the suggestion was made that " no one
opposed it but your predecessor; old Simmons
always opposed it.'' Finding that he had op-
posed if., 1 was led into asking the reasons of
his opposition : audi have been growingstronger
and stronger in the opinions that he endeavored
to advance. All T ask is that the bill may go
fo the binanee Committee, that it may receive
attention from tliein, and then that it come to
tbc Senate, and J shall wi.-.h to have something
to say upon it then.
Mr. MORRILL. I am so desirous of having
the vote taken on this subject that 1 do not
propose to occupy ihe attention of the Senate
beyond a single minute. This is no question
of finance ; that suggestion strikes me as absurd,
it is a question relating particularly and solely
and exclusively to the bonded warehouse system,
instituted for the benefit of commerce. That
is all there is of it. and it is idle to send such
a question to the Finance Committee. The
question that my honorable friend from Rhode
Island raises about the antagonism between the
commercial and manufacturing interests is all
misconceived, does notarise on this bill by any
possibility ; and if if did it is the most inoppor-
tune discussion that could possibly be staifed
at the present moment. I pray how does the
fjuestion of protection or free tiadc arise? V, hat
is the jireci.se point of the bill? Simply whether
it is fit and proper to allow the goods, tvhich
under the warehousing system are provided to
be deposited in the Government warehouses, to
lie there one year or two years under eeitaiu
rules and regulations. That is all there is of it.
This system is provided for. This bill does not
interfere with it. This simply permits an ex-
tension of the time within which the parties may
remove the goods by paying an additional sum
often per cent. It is a very small matter any-
how, and can by no possibility affect the ques-
tion of free trade or protection. The Secretary
of the Treasury was fully consulted on this sub-
ject, and he said that no possible injury could
come from it, either fo the finances or the gen-
eral interests of the country ; and being fully
of that opinion, the Committee on Commerce,
who gave the subject careful consideration, re-
ported the bill. 1 ask that we may have a vote.
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall only detain the
Senate for a moment, merely to refer to the
law as I find it in the statutes on this point. I
think, under the act of 18-"T. the warehousing
prKilcge was extended to three years, so that
the importer of goods had the right to deposit
his goods in bonded warehouse, retain them
there for three yeais. and then put them in
market-. In 1361, by the act passed in August
