1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2833
Mr. COBB. I will include that.
Mr. STEVEN'S. I thought this was passed
over till to-morrow.
Mr. COBB. Only the word "alcohol."
Mr. INGEKSOLL. I b§g pardon, the whole
subject.
No objection being made, the section was
accordingly passed over.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 30. And be it further cnacted. That every rec-
tifier or wholesale dealer in distilled spirits shall
enter daily, in a book or books kept for the purpose,
under such rules and regulations as the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue may prescribe, the num-
ber of proof gallons of spirits purchased or received,
of whom purchased or received, and the number of
proof gallons sold or delivered; and every rectifier
or wholesale dealer who shall neglect or refuse to
keep such record shall forfeit all spirits in his pos-
session, together with the apparatus, tools, and im-
plements used, and be subject to a fine of $500, or an
imprisonment for not less than six months nor more
than a year, in the discretion of the court. And every
rectifier shall mark with a stencil-plate on each pack-
age of five gallons or more of distilled or rectified
spirits sold by him his name and place of business.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec.31. And be it farther enacted, Thattheowneror
owners of any distillery shall provide, at his or then-
own expense, a warehouse suitable for the storage of
bonded spirits, of their own manufacture only: or he
or they may piovide a secure room, in a suitable
building, to be used as such warehouse; and no door,
window, or other opening shall be made or permitted
in the walls thereof, leading to any other room or
building used for any other purpose, or into the dis-
tillery; and after a bond has been given, as herein-
after provided, such warehouse or room, when ap-
proved by the Commissioner of Internal llevenuc, on
report of the district collector, is hereby declared to
be a bonded warehouse of the United States, and shall
be used only for the storing of spirits manufactured
by the owner, agent, or superintendent theicof, and .
shall be under the custody of the inspector as herein- j
after provided; and shall be kept locked up by the I
proper officer m charge, at all times, except when he !
shall be present; and the tax on the spirits stored in !
such warehouse shall be paid before removal from 1
such warehouse, unless removed m pursuance of law.
And the owner or owners of such warehouse shall
execute a general bond to the United Stat^swith two
or more sureties, to be approved by the collector; and
such bond shall be for not less than the amount of
duties on the spirits to be covered thereby, and in
such form, and containing such conditions, as shall
be approved by the Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue, and may be changed from time to time by the
collector in regard to the amount and sureties thereof.
Mr. ITOOPEB, of Massachusetts. I move
to strikeout the word thereof" in the fifteenth
line and insert the words "of such distillery."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. INOERSOLL. I move to insert in line
six, after the word "warehouse," the words
11 but no dwelling-house shall be used for any
such purpose 5" so that it will read:
Or he 01 they may provide a secure room, in a suit-
able building, to be used -is such warehouse; butno
dwelling-house shall be used for any such purpose.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. 1 see no
objection.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. B1DWELL. I suggest to tlie chairman
of the committee whether, after the words
"stencil-plate," on page 153, line fourteen,
the words " or otherwise" should notbe added.
The CHAIRMAN. That section has been
passed.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 32. And be it further enacted, That general
bonded warehouses, for the storage of spirits or other
meichandise allowed by law to be placed in bond to
secure the payment of the internal revenue tax
thereon, or the exportation thereof, may be estab-
lished under such rules and regulations and upon
the execution of such bonds a? the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue may prescribe, and shall be in the
immediate custody of store-keepers who shall be ap
pointed for that purpose, whose compensation shall
be paid monthly to the collector of the district by
the owners or proprietors of such warehouse, and
shall not exceed the rates which may be allowed to
si-ore-keepers of bonded warehouses established under
the laws and regulations relating to customs.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec. 33. And be it further enacted, That there shall
be appointed by the Secretary of the Treasury an
inspector for each and every distillery established
according to law, who shall take an oath faithfully
to periorm his duties; and who shall take an account
of all the meal and vegetable productions or other
substances to be used for the purpose of producing
spirits, when put into the mash-tub or otherwise used;
and shall inspect, gauge, and prove all the spirits dis-
tilled, under such rules and regulations as may be
prescribed by tho Commissioner of Internal Reve-
39th Cong. 1st Sess.—No, 178.
nue; and shall take charge of the bonded warehouse
established for the distillery in conformity to law;
and such^ warehouse shall be in the joint custody
•of such inspector and the owner thereof, his agent
or superintendent; and when any spirits shall be
placed in such warehouse, an entry therefor, in such
form a3 shall be prescribed by regulations, shall
immediately be made and signed by the owner of
said spirits, and shall have indorsed thereon a cer-
tificate of the inspector that the spirits mentioned
have been duly inspected and received in said ware-
house, and such entry and certificate shall be filed
with the collector of the district; and whenever such
warehouse is within the limits of any poi t of entry
where there shall be a superintendent of exports, a
duplicate of such entry and certificate shall forthwith
be filed in the office of such superintendent; andsaid
inspector shall also certify to the returns to be made
by the distiller to the assessor; and shall not engage
in any other business while holding the office of
inspector; and he shall be paid such compensation
as the Secretary of the Treasury may deem just and
reasonable, at a ratenotexcecding$l,500 per annum,
for the time during which he is engaged; and the
amount of compensation thus paid for inspection shall
be assessed by the assessor upon the distiller, and re-
turned to thccolleetor monthly; and in addition to the
above compensation,such inspectorshallreceiveone
eighth of one cent for each and every proof gallon of
distilled spirits inspected by him and removed to
the bonded warehouse, which shall be paid by the
distiller or owner of the spirits; but no compensa-
tion shall be allowed to such inspector for more than
one inspection of such spirits. And incase the duties
of such inspector shall be greater at any time than
he can perform, upon the joint application of the
inspector .and own<>r of such distillery, the collector
may appoint an assistant inspector: and upon the
refusal of the distiller to join in such application, tho
collcctor shall decide as to such necessity; and such
assistant inspector shall qualify in the same manner
and be subjeetto thesame penalties as the inspector,
and he shall be paid in the same manner as the in-
spector, at a rate not exceeding the sum of three
dollars per day while so employed; and in case of
disagreement as to the necessity of retaining the ser-
vices of such assistant, between the owner of the
distillery and theinspector. thccolleetor shall decide
as to such necessity, and his decision in the matter
shall be final. And in case of absence by sickness,
or from any other cause, of such inspector or assist-
ant, the collector may appoint an officer to take tem-
porary charge of such distillery and warehouse, who
shall receive the same rate ol pay as said inspector
or assistant for the time he may be so employed, such
amount to be deducted from the pay of the absent
officer: Provided, That the owner, agent, or super-
intendent of any di?tilleiy who shall use, cause, or
permit to bo u«ed, any materials for the purpose of
producing spirits, or shall distill and remove any
spirits in the absencc of the acting inspector or assist-
ant, without permission granted by the collector of
the distiict, shall forfeit and pay double the amount
of taxes on the spirits so produced, distilled, or
removed, and in addition thereto a fine of $1,000,
to bo recovered in the manner provided for other
penalties imposed by this act: Provided further, That
any person who shall ship, transport, or remove any
spirituous or fermented liquors or wines, under any
other than the proper namd or brand known to the
trade as designating the kind and quality of the con-
tents of the casks or packages containing the same,
or who shall cause the samo> to_ be done, shall forfeit
the same, and shall, on conviction thereof,be subject
to and pay a fine ot $500.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I move to
strike out this whole section down to the last
proviso. If the object is to break up tlie small
distilleries throughout the country the adoption
of this section will effectually accomplish it.
It is utterly impossible that one out of a thou-
sand of them can survive the operation of tfiis
provision. In addition to a provision for the
appointment of a general inspector in each
collection district, which has been regarded
as sufficient heretofore, in addition to requir-
ing every little distiller to build at his own
expense a bonded warehouse and a receiv-
ing cistern, this section requires him to pay a
salary for an inspector for his own distillery.
After going to all the expense of building a
warehouse and cistern he is to pay a salary
" not exceeding $1,500" and one eighth of a
cent a gallon for the glorious privilege of dis-
tilling spirits, and paying two dollars a gallon
011 every gallon that he distills and sells. Xovv
every man will see at once that this will crush
all the small distillers, and the consequence
will be the creation of a few large distillers,
thus giving thou) the monopoly. You will com-
pel all the small distillers to sacrifice their still-
houses and all the machinery they have on
hand.
Sir, the national bank system was no more
successful in crushing out all the State banks
than the large distilleries will be in crushing
out all the smaller ones under this law. There
are thousands of these small distilleries that
cannot afford to pay a salary to an inspector
besides building a bonded warehouse and a
receiving cistern at their own expense. This
inspector is allowed to engage in no other
business while he holds that office, but is to
receive a salary at the expense of the distiller.
Many of these distilleries run only six months,
some of them only three months in the year,
and during all this time there i3 to be a Gov-"
ernment overseer or agent to see that eacli„
one of them measures his grain, to watch him
when he is stirring his mash-tub, and inspect
all his movements; and the balance of the
year he^is to do nothing but receive his salary.
Where is the necessity of this when the bill
provides that there shall be a general inspector
for every collection district ?
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to say a word in
reference to this section. The object of the
section, as of nearly every other section relat-
ing to this subject, is to prevent fraud, if pos-
sible, in the manufacture of distilled spirits.
While in some degree the objections made by
the gent'eman from Kentucky [Mr. Harding]
may be true, that the tendency of this section
will be to concentrate the business of distilling
in the larger distilleries, yet that is not the
absolute effect of this section. As to the pay
of these inspectors, it is only at the rate of
$1,500 per year for the time during which they
may be engaged.
Mr. IIAliDING, of Kentucky. But you do
not allow them to be engaged in any other busi-
ness while they hold the office of inspector.
Mr. ALLISON. Undoubtedly while the
inspector is performing this duty, while the
distillery is in operation, ho is expected to be
just where the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Haudixg] says he will be, examining the meal-
bags, the mash-tubs, and the corn-room, to
ascertain the amount of material used. Of
course, if the distillery is running only two
months a year, the inspector will be paid for
only the two months. The object of this sec-
tion is to have every distillery supplied with an
inspector, so that the Government may know
at. all times what amount of spirits are distilled
in that distillery, and what amount of materials
goes into it and is used in the distillery.
Mr. GRIDER. Will the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Allison] allow me to ask him a
question ?
Mr. ALLISON. Certainly.
Mr. GRIDER. The distilleries in the West,
especially in Kentucky, operate during the
three winter months. It is proposed to have
an inspector at each of these distilleries, and
during the rest of the year he will have nothing
to do.
Mr. ALLISON. That is very true. These
inspectors are only employed, as I said before,
during the time when the distilleries are in
operation, and they are only paid for that time.
Mr. GRIDER. Then the result will be that
if, in any particular county, there should be
fifty distilleries you will have fifty inspectors
on duty for three months of the year, and for
the rest of the year you will have no use for
them.
Mr. ALLISON. 'Very well; they are not
paid except while employed.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 am not exactly satisfied
with this section, and therefore I move to
amend by striking out the words "such com-
pensation as the Secretary of the Treasury
may deem just and reasonable, at a rate not
exceeding $1,500 per annum," and inserting
in lieu thereof the words "two cents per gal-
lon for all spirits inspected." It is to be ob-
served that by this section the cost of inspect-
ing spirits is to be assessed upon the distiller.
The inspector is to be paid $1,500a year: and
the small distiller who distills only one hun-
dred or two hundred gallons is bound to pay
it, while the distiller who distills his one thou-
sand or five thousand a day pays no more,
except so far as the one eighth of one per
cent, may go. Each one must pay a salary
of $1,500 a year to an inspector. Each dis-
, tillerj' is to 'have an inspector placed in it,
! whether the amount distilled is live hundred
I or five thousand gallons a day. Now,Jam
