2834
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
f
willing to have the inspector paid according
to the amount of whisky he may inspect, but
not that he shall be paid the same for inspect-
ino- for a small distillery as for one that dis-
tills three or four times as much. Therefore I
think that this section of the bill should be
carefully examined, as I cannot see that there
is any justice in it.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
oppose theamendmentof my friend from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Stevens.] I think there is very
teat objection to it. If it should be adopted
am afraid that we might lose the services of
our friend from Illinois, [Mr. Ingersoll.] He
might wish to be appointed the inspector for
some large distillery in his district, where they
make, as I understand, from two thousand to
six thousand gallons a day, for his compensa-
tion would then be from forty to one hundred
dollars a day. I am afraid that might lead him
or some other gentleman to withdraw from his
place in this House for the purpose of getting
such a position.
Mr. STEVENS. I will modify my amend-
ment so that it shall be to strike out the words
"such compensation as the Secretary of the
Treasury may deem just and reasonable, at a
rate," and inserting "two cents a gallon for
all distilled spirits inspected, but." That
portion will then read, ''and he shall be paid
two cents per gallon for all distilled spirits in-
spected, but not exceeding $1,500 per annum."
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Then I
withdraw my objection. I think that is very
fair.
Mr. MORRILL. Imovepro forma to amend
so as to reduce the compensation to one cent
per gallon.
I think, Mr. Chairman, that there ought to
be no objection to this section as it stands. I
think it is even an improvement upon th e present
law; nor does it vary greatly from that law.
The present law requires these inspectors to
be paid by the Jiarty employing them, and the
rate of their compensation is fixed by tha Sec-
retary of the Treasury, He fixes it, I have no
question, at as high a rate as is fixed in this
bill. It is important that these inspectors
should not be interested one way or the other
as to the amount to be distilled, and that their
pay should be sufficieut to place them above
temptation. The compensation should be ample
and such as will enable the Government to
engage the proper kind of men—competent,
faithful, vigilant. The rate proposed is $1,600
a year, and they will he paid at that rate,
whether employed for thirty days, or sixty
days, or six months, or twelve months. The
proposition made by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania is an extraordinary one. Even in the
very smallest distilleries the pay would amount
to a larger sum than the aggregate for the largest
distilleries.
I trust, Mr. Chairman, that we shall leave
the provision contained in the bill untouched.
Certainly, judging from our past experience,
it is of very great importance that we should
frame such a law as will effectually collect the
revenue. In years past, while nearly one hun-
dred million gallons per annum have been dis-
tilled and only ten to fifteen million gallons
were ever exported, we have obtained a tax the
past year upon only ten or fifteen millions. The
balance has been consumed either for drink-
ing purposes or in the arts and manufactures.
Everybody knows that we ought to obtain twice
or three times the amount which we have here-
tofore received; and one of the first requisites
in order to obtain any revenue whatever is to
have a proper inspector in every distillery.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCIIENCK. I propose to amend by
striking out "$1,500 a year" and inserting
"five dollars a day."
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment, in
that form, is not in order.
Mr. SCHENCK. Well, then, for the pur-
pose of saying what I wish to say I move to
amend the amendment by striking out "two
cents" and inserting in lieu thereof "one
cent." It may be that the amendment of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania will prevail; but
it seems to me open to a very obvious objec-
tion. He proposes that the pay s'hall be at
the rate of two cents per gallon for all that is
distilled, not to exceed, however, in the aggre-
gate, $1,500 a year. The operation of this
would be that the inspector would continue on
duty about a week, during which he would
have made his $1,500, and as after that he
must work for nothing, he would then resign.
Thus we should have in each of the different
distillei-ies some fifty or sixty inspectors per
annum.
If the gentleman would make the aggregate
a per diem aggregate, he would obviate this
objection. If he would provide that the in-
spectors shall receive a compensation in the
shape of a percentage upon each gallon dis-
tilled, but that it shall be limited for each day
that the inspector is on duty, the proposition
would not be open to the objection I have
stated. But unquestionably, under the propo-
sition in its present form, after the inspector
has made his $1,500, which in a large distill-
ery he will do in about a week, he will resign
and make way for some other inspector, for
he must work the rest of the year for nothing.
Mr. STEVENS. May I correct the gentle-
man? After they get above the $1,500 they
get in addition thereto one eighth of one per
cent, for every gallon they inspect. This is I
intended only for the small ones.
Mr. SCHENCK. I would like the Clerk to |
read the amendment again.
The Clerk read the amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not know how that
computation is to be made. An aggregate
which is to be made at the rate of! What is
it? I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I renew the amend-
ment. I believe, Mr. Chairman, this section,
as reported by the committee, is in the best
possible shape in which it can be passed, so
far as the interests of the revenue are con-
cerned. It is objected to this section by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] and
the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Hardixg]
that it will have a tendency, if passed, to crush
out the small stills. If that be so it is the best
legislation which Congress can enact for the
benefit of the revenue; for instead of these
small stills being for the benefit of the revenue,
under any circumstances, they are steals rather
than stills. [Laughter.] I will say, so far as
Peoria is concerned, it is willing that every
still should go into Pennsylvania or anywhere
else, provided you buy our corn. Buy our
corn, and you may manufacture whisky where
ever you please.
Now, sir, this ought to pay $80,000,000 a
year of revenue to the Government; and yet
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means tells us for the last year it was only
seventeen millions. In the. southern States,
where we have slight supervision of these stills,
they are increasing like mushrooms in a night.
Fifteen hundred are reported in one district in
Georgia, where there was not one a little while
ago. If you allow a law to go on the statute-
book weak and loose, you will not have the
rightful revenue returned. If you strike out
$1,500 a year, and pay two rents a gallon, in
some distilleries the inspectors will receive
$1,500 in a few weeks. Peoria is not the only
place where thousands of gallons are made in
one day; but in Lawi-enceburg, Brooklyn, and
New York they .have distilleries which manu-
facture from six to ten thousand gallons a day.
Ten thousand gallons at two cents per gallon
would be $200; and of course when the in-
spector received his full pay he would resign.
Ihe Government demands good inspectors
in order to make the proper calculations. It
requires scientific accomplishments to make
the calculations. It is made at different proofs;
some at forty, some at sixty, and some at eighty,
which is alcohol proof. If you pass the section
as it is you will getyourrevenue. I admit you
will to some extent drive out the small distill-
eries. I say so much the better for the country.
[Here the hammer fell. ]
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Chairman, I am free
to say, as I understand the nature of the busi-
ness upon which this law rests and the purpose
of the House in getting revenue from spirits,
the section now under consideration is most
vital to the-efficiency of the law. Unless we
can have a thorough system of inspection by
which the Government may reach all distilled
spirits we may abandon all hope of having
complete returns of revenue from this source.
We may, by making these provisions efficient,
greatly relieve many other industries of the
country. We may, as they have done in Eng-
land, make this one of the six articles to pay
the entire revenues of the country. We may
relieve the agricultural interest, the mechan-
ical, and other small industries of the country
by laying the burden upon this article.
This article has this peculiarity in compari-
son with every other on which we lay tax: on
this, as the tax now stands, the Government
owns nine tenths interest in every gallon which
is distilled, or near that. If one gallon escapes
the tax the distiller saves nine tenths. It there-
fore becomes necessary to double and quad-
ruple provisions to prevent illicit distillation.
It has been said it would be a troublesome
arrangement to put an inspector into every small
distillery. Take a small distillery in Kentucky
of five barrels a day, and that is a small dis-
tillery. Two hundred and fifty gallons a day
would pay to the Government $500. Allow
three hundred working days in a year, and we
have $150,000 revenue derived from one dis-
tillery of five barrels a day. Now, there are
distilleries which, if honestly administered, will
pay the Government $20,000 a day.
Now, the owner of a five-barrel still that pays
to the Government $150,000 a j'ear, most cer-
tainly can afford to put an inspector over it and
pay $1,500 per annum for the performance of
his duties. It has been found out in the pro-
gress of the operation of this law that these
little copper distilleries have manufactured a
great quantity of spirits. They are scattered
all over the country, and especially in the South.
In a single collection district of Georgia there
are fifteen hundred such small stills.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. BROMWELL. 1 renew it. What I
wish to say will not take me five minutes. This
is the first time I ever heard a measure advo-
cated calculated to crush out a common busi-
ness, a certain pursuit, and to pile it up in the
hands of a few. That is the argument of the
gentleman from the Peoria district, [Mr. Ix-
oersoll.] Now, if the business of distilling
is a lawful pursuit, the man who has not the
good fortune to be possessed of a princely cap-
ital has a right at least to ordinary protection.
But this bill comes in and literally devours
him; it leaves a man with a small establish-
ment nothing. What wo^d be his fate under
this bill? He might as well burn his property
to-morrow if he cannot use it, or sell it or give
it away. Now, while that is all true, I admit
that it is also true that there is great difficulty
in hunting down the little distilleries. But
have we a right to destroy a man's property
and business in order to make other men who
are dishonest do right?
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,]
who is a member of the Committee of Ways
and Means, says that even a small distillery
would distill $500 worth a day, and that the
Governmentownsninetenths of it. Why should
not the Government then foot the bill for the
inspection of its own interest?
■ Now, sir, the idea of this bill is that an
inspector shall be appointed for every distill-
ery. Think of the swarm of officers that will
be required ! If the distillery be small, it would
swamp the man's business. If the distillery be
large, he must be a very incompetent man to
run a large distillery who cannot have an in-
spector appointed who will be convenient for
his purposes. You will fill the country with
inspectors who will be just such men as the
owners and the distillers are. Why cannot
