810
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
of that year, at the beginning of the war, the
duration of time allowed to importers to with-
draw goods from bonded warehouse was re-
duced to three months, and pretty stringent
rules and severe penalties were enacted, in-
tended to compel the importer to withdraw the
goods within three months, so that within that
time they should contribute to the revenue of
the country. In 1862, by the act of July 14,
the time was extended to one year, leaving the
old penalty under the law of 18G1 in force, so
that if an importer brought goods into this
country and deposited them in warehouse, he
might at any time within one year enter them
for consumption ; and if he did not within one
year enter them for consumption, he paid a
penalty or additional duly of twenty-five per
cent, if he withdrew them in two years; or
if he kept them three years in bonded ware-
house, they were sold, although he was allowed
after the three years to export them from the
country upon paying a duty of one per cent.
Now, the bill that is reported from the Com-
mittee on Commerce extends the one year to
three years, within which, by paying ten per
cent, additional duty, the importer may with-
draw the goods. I have nothing to say with
regard to this branch of the bill, because it is
purely a question of commerce, and would take
the opinion of the Committee on Commerce on
such a matter as readily as I would that of any
other committee of the body. But the first clause
of this bill does present a question of finance,
and a very important one, to which I wish to call
the attention of the honorable Senator from
Maine. Under the present law, to all the goods
imported one year ago now remaining in the
bonded warehouses, there is attached an addi-
tional duty of twenty-five per cent. The amount
of goods in store I have no means of stating.
Perhaps gentlemen connected with the mer-
cantile business can state the amount. All
goods in bond for more than a year are liable
to an additional duty.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is not the Senator mis-
taken? That twenty-five per cent, law was
repealed by a subsequent statute.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not find it repealed
in the law of 1862.
Mr. F"ESSENDEN. It is repealed substan-
tially.
Mr. SHERMAN. When was the repeal?
Mr. FESSENDEN. In 1862, I think.
Mr. SHERMAN. As I intimated before,
the only objection I have to the bill is the ques-
tion of the remission of the penalty or addi-
tional duty. If the law imposing that has been
already repealed, theremaining question is one
on which I have formed no opinion.
Mr. MORRILL. That is repealed, accord-
ing to the understanding of the committee, by
the act of 1862.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This is the provision
to which 1 referred, in the law of 1862:
Provided, That all goods which now are or may bo
deposited in public store or bonded warehouse, after
this act takes effect and goes into operation. mu<t be
withdrawn therefrom or the duties thereon paid with-
in one year from the date of original importation.
This is understood at the custom-house, I
believe, as a repeal of the provision referred
to by the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. MORGAN. It is so understood.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I understand that
the penalty of twenty-five per cent, is no longer
imposed. Then the only question, it seems to
me, between thesetwo gentlemen [Mr. Spp.acue
and Mr. Morrill]—it is a kind of friendly con-
test between commerce and domestic manu-
factures—is whether wo shall extend the time
■within which imported goods may be taken
from bonded warehouses and entered for con-
sumption in the country. This bill proposes to
extend it two years; the old law is one year.
Upon that question I have not any very definite
opinion. I think that if the goods are now en-
tered for consumption we shall get the present
rates of duty upon them. If they are not al-
lowed to be entered for consumption they may
be exported, and in that case we should lose
the duties that are now levied upon them. This
is the only view I can take of the question; and
in that view, as the goods are now here in our
bonded warehouses, it would probably be better
to have them entered for consumption ; and if
this bill will expedite that process, I see no very
great objection to it. As a matter of course,
the introduction into the market of the stock on
hand in the bonded warehouses might tend to
some extent to supply the market, and thus
exclude domestic manufactures; but all im-
portations do that to a greater or less extent;
and with us it is rather a question of revenue
than of domestic industry. If, as I supposed
when I rose, the additional duty of twenty-five
per cent, was still levied upon the goods in the
bonded warehouses, I should feel disposed to
insist upon the payment of that penalty before
the goods were withdrawn; but if that is not
now the law, if under the law these parties have
the right, to export the goods, I see no great
objection to our getting the duties fixed by law
and allowing them to enter into the consump-
tion of the country.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not'intend to dis-
cuss this question, but I think that the discus-
sion which has already taken place should sat-
isfy the Senate that the bill ought to be further
considered. It lias been considered by one com-
mittee ; but 1 do not agree with the Senator from
Maine [Mr. Morrill] that this is altogether a
commercial question. It is certainly a question
affecting the coffers of the Government, when
we propose to place it in the power of men not
to pay us taxes for three years. Suppose it was
proposed to allow the manufacturer three years
within which to pay his income tax, that would
be not a question of manufactures but a question
of finance, because its immediate effect would
be upon the Treasury. It seems to me that
this is a time when we should adopt a policy
that will secure the largest returns to the Treas-
ury ; and 1 am not able to agree with the learned
Senator from Maine that this is altogether a
commercial question. Without understanding
it very well, 1 am inclined to vote in support of
the proposition which has been so ably main-
tained by the Senator from Rhode Island. I
think there is a great deal of force in this prop-
osition. This bill would enable the importers
to pile np in the Government warehouses for a
period of three years, if they thought it was
their interest, their importations, which would
be an accumulated capital ready to be thrown
upon the market of this country at any time;
and certainly S enators will admit that that would
be a constant embarrassment to the manufac-
turer. Would any Senator wish his own inter-
est all the time to be under the shadow of a
greater interest which the Government provides
for?- It seems to me there is force in the sug-
gestion of the Senator from Rhode Island. I
do not agree with him in his propositions in
respect to protection; I do not agree with him
in the proposition that every producer can be
a manufacturer. In Indiana we are necessarily
an agricultural people, not because we have
that "'meanest properly'' in the world, poor
land, but because we have altogether rich
land, and our labor must of necessity go into
the cultivation of the soil.
I merely wished to say that I intended to
support the proposition, and it will certainly
do no harm to let the question be examined by
the Finance Committee.
Mr. HENDERSON. Have you in your State
any of the poor land spoken of by the Senator
from Rhode Island?
Mr. HENDRICKS. No, sir; Indiana in
that respect is next to Missouri. With Mis-
souri and Ohio, she has no poor land. There
is a little wet land in one or two localities 
Mr. MORRILL. "Swamp "land? [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes. Swamp land that,
I believe, the State got under the law of 18^0;
but with that exception the land invites the
people to its cultivation. The effect of legis-
lation is apparent in regard to one interest in
our country. I protested against it at the time,
and was sorry to see a Senator, representing a
neighboring State, giving his powerful influence
in favor of the proposition that was made to
impose a tax of two dollars on whisky. That is
a tax on the corn produced by my constituents,
and' by his constituents, and by the constituents
of the Senator from Illinois, who also repre-
sents nothing but good land, so far as he repre-
sents property at all.
The people of those States and the people of
Kentucky are largely interested in the produc-
tion of corn. There was but one mode in which
we could manufacture it, and that was in the
production of whisky. This body deliberately
said that we should not do it. 1 believe that
the Senator from Ohio really thought that two
dollars a gallon would produce a large revenue
to the Treasury, but it is a mistake ; the interest
to-day is dead; the production is as nothing,
and now, instead of getting one dollar a bushel
for our corn, we are only able to get from
twenty to forty cents for it. A gentleman from
Illinois told me the other day that on one farm
which lie owned last year his taxes were S400,
and he got a dollar a bushel for his corn, and
this year, because of the county bounties and
township bounties, &c., his taxes were S800on
that piece of land and he got twenty cents a
bushel for his corn, so that in fact his taxes are
increased a thousand per cent., and that in part
owing to the fact that you have prohibited the
possibility of manufacturing the corn. It is a
heavy and bulky article, which cannot bear
transportation. But I did not intend to discuss
any of these questions; I rose simply to say
that I should support the proposition of the
Senator from Rhode Island.
Mr. CLARK. I think this question reaches
much further than some gentlemen seem to
apprehend. Take a simple illustration; sup-
pose a very large manufacturing house in Europe
chooses to fill your bonded warehouse with goods
for three years; you manufacture the same
goods in your own country, and whenever your
manufacturer comes upon the market to sell
his articles, thatlarge establishment empty that
bonded warehouse upon the market at auction,
and where is your manufacturer? I state not
an imaginary case ; I state an actual fact, what
is known to be done. You thus give the men
who import three years to play upon your manu-
facturers. This should not be done without,
consideration. I have always been opposed to
an extension of the time allowed for goods to lie
in bonded warehouse. I think one year is too
long ; I would not give them one instant over
three months for that purpose. When these
men have three months in which to choose to
put their goods upon the market or not, it seems
to me they have all they ought to have. But
now they have one year, and this bill proposes
to give them two years more, or three years
altogether in which to keep their goods in ware-
house. during which time to compete with
your manufacturers and undersell them. No
new manufactory in this country can live under
that system. I happen to know aj instance
where a large manufactory in this country was
springing up, and the only way they could com-
pete with the German houses was to go into
the markets at auction at a great sacrifice, and
drive them out at a vast loss of their own capi-
tal. The result of this bill will be. to give the
importers not only one year but three years
during which to play this operation upon you.
I think wo ought to consider before wc pass
such a bill. I think the Senator from Maine
does not mean any such result, but I fear he
will have it; I fear that what has been will be
again, and I ask the Senate to let us consider
for awhile.
Mr. MORRILL. If this measure is likely
to involve a discussion which was not antici-
pated, it is hardly fair, perhaps, to the Senator
from Missouri, and I call therefore for the
order of the day.
APPORTIONMENT OF REPRESENTATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The joint
resolution (H. R. No. 51) proposing an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States,
is before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole, the pending question being on the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Mis-
