1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1875'
AGRICULTURAL COLLEGES.
Mr. BID WELL. Mr. Speaker, I'am in-
structed by the Committee on Agriculture to
report back House bill No. 50, to amend the
fifth section of an act entitled "An act donat-
ing public lands to the several States and Ter-
ritories which may provide colleges for the
benefit of agriculture and the mechanie'arts,"
approved July 2,18C2, so as to extend the time
within which the provisions of said act shall
be accepted and such colleges established, with
a substitute, which I am sure will cure all the
objections heretofore made. I ask that it shall
be put at once upon its passage, because the
time provided in the law to which this is an
amendment will soon expire. I ask the Clerk
to read the substitute.
The substitute was then read.
_ Mr. BID WELL. I propose to call the pre-
vious question, as I am sure, from the reading
of the bill, it has commended itself to all the
members of the House.
I have an amendment to offer which I do
not report from the committee, but offer as an
individual member of the House. There was
objection in the Committee on Agriculture to
extending the benefits of the act to the several
Territories. While 1 differed with the com-
mittee, still I did not insist on making a minor-
ity report. I have an amendment making an
exception in favor of Washington Territory,
and to show the necessity for it I shall merely
ask the Clerk to read a memorial from the
Legislative Assembly of that Territory.
Mr. DELANO. I desire to ask the gentle-
man a question. I cannot understand what
length of time the bill allows.
Mr. BIDWELL. Five years from the date
of acceptance, and in the case of those States
which have not aeccptcd, five years from the
time they do accept.
Mr. DELANO. How in regard to the States
which have already accepted?
Mr. BID WELL. It extends the time in
regard to them.
Mr. DELANO. I should like to be certain
there is no danger about the construction of
the bill in that respect. Does it extend the
time to the States which have already accepted
the grant?
Mr. 151 DWELL. Of course it does.
Mr. DELANO. In what section?
Mr. BID WELL. In the first section. I
think it covers the entire ground.
I now offer the following amendment:
Provided further, That the Territory of Washing-
ton be, and the sjunc hereby is,authorized to take
and claim the beneiits of the said act of July 2, 1802,
and of this act, to the extent of thirty thousand acres,
while the ?:iuie remains under a territorial govern-
ment, and Mxty thousand ueieb additional thereto
when said Territory shall be admitted into the Union
as a State, and the said Territory shall be governed
by and conionn to all the provisions and require-
ments applicable to State.-'.
Now, in support of that amendment I ask
the Clerk to read the memorial of the Legisla-
tive Assembly of Washington Territory.
The Clerk read, as folio vvs:
Memorial in relation to the establishment of an Agri-
cultural College in Washington Teriitory.
To the honorable Sedate and Howie of Representatives of
the United Slates of America'ta Congress assembled :
Your memorialists, the Legislative As.-embly of the
Territory <>t Washington, would respectfully repre-
sent : that the Legislative Assembly, in the year A. I).
IStU, passed an act accepting the propositions offered
to thedill'erent States and Territories by virtucof the
vide colleges for the benefit of agriculture and the
mechanic alts:" that b> subsequent legislation this
Legislative As-acmbly established and located an ag-
rieuliurai college, and appointed commissioners to
select a site tor said college and to contract tor the
puichase thereof, and further provided tor the gov
ei mnent and management of said college by a board
of U ustec3 for the location, entry, and sale of lands
selected as provided for in said act of Congiess, and
the proper investment of the proceeds of said sales;
tha' in consequcncc ol the legislation of this Legisla-
tive A. =ewbiy a site lor said college was selected and
the purchase thereof contracted for by the commis-
RioneiJ appointed for that purpose: that the board
ol trustees fully organized and caused the selection
of thirty thousand acres of land appropiiated by Con-
gress, and made application to enter the same m the
proper land office of the United States; that after-
ward the Commissioner of the General Land Office
decided that tlie said act did only apply to the States,
and not to the different Territories of the United
States; wherefore, in view of the premises aforesaid,
your memorialists respectfully petition your honora-
ble bodies to extend the benents of the said act of
Congress to the Territory of Washington, to the end-
that the legislation had in this Territory on the sub-
ject-matter may be carried into practical effect, and
thereby material aid bo extended for tlio develop-
ment of the agricultural resource and the advance-
ment of the mechanic arts in this'Territory.
Passed the House of Representatives December 21,
1865. EDWARD ELDItlDGE,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Passed Council January 3,1866.
HARVEY K. IIINES,
President of the Council.
A truo copy from the, original memorial of the Legis-
lative Assembly of Washington Territory, as filed in
this office.
Witness my hand and seal of office, at Olympia, this
r -i 29th day of January, IStSO.
LL- S'J ELWOOD EVAXS,
Secretary of Wixehief/fon Territory.
Mr. GRINNELL. X desire to ask my friend,
the chairman of the Committee on Agriculture,
[Mr. Bidwei.l,] whether lie will not accept
an amendment including Nebraska Tciritory
also. Nebraska has about sixty thousand in-
habitants, and I do not see any reason why
wo should extend this to Washington Territory
and not to Nebraska.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I ask my colleague
[Mr. Grixnei.i,] to include also Dakota.
Mr. GRINNELL. I could not accept it.
I understand there arc only twenty-five thou-
sand people there now.
TheSPJiAKEIt. There is already an amend-
ment to an amendment pending as a substi-
tute.
Mr. BID AYE LL. I withdraw my amendment
if it is going to bring in all the Territories. I
do not want the bill loaded down so that it
shall not pass. J f other Territories are to be
added it may kill the bill, and it is absolutely
necessary that it should pass now.
Mr. GRINNELL. I do not desire to offer
the amendment with a view to embarrass the
bill. I therefore withdraw my proposition.
Mr. ALLISON". I propose to renew it, and
to embrace all the 'Territories.
The SPEA KEK. The gentleman from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Bidwki.l] withdraws his substitute,
and demands the previous question.
Mr. DELANO. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw it for a moment..
Mr. BI DWELL. 1 will do so.
Mr. DELANO. I am satisfied that the bill
in its present form does not extend the time, to
the States that have not accepted the grants.
My own State, among others, needs more time
in order to complete the first college, which it
is required to do within five years after the
acceptance of the grant. The bill, I am satis-
fied, does not reach that view of the case. I am
a friend to this measure.
Mr. BID WELL. In order to have this bill
put in a proper shape, if it be the understand-
ing of the House, I am willing to have it post-
poned till to-morrow, and have it printed.
Mr. DELANO. Then I move to have it
recommitted, with leave to report at any time.
No objection being made, it was so ordered.
FIVE-CENT COI\.
Mr. KASSON. The Committee on Coinage,
Weights, and Measures have instructed me to
report House bill No. 307, to authorize the
coinage of five-cent pieces.
No objection being made, the bill was con-
sidered, and was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time.
The bill provides that as soon as practica-
ble there shall'be coined at the United Stat.es
Mint a five cent-piece, composed of copper and
nickel, the proportion ofthelatter not exceeding
twenty-five per cent., and the weight of the coin
not to exceed sixty grains. The bill further
provides that from and after the passage of this
act no further issues shall be made of the five-
cent fractional currency, and all such outstand-
ing currency shall be redeemed and withdrawn
from circulation, leaving no fractional currency
of a less denomination than ten cents.
Mr. KASSON. This bill is prepared at the
Mint, and the committee very cordially unite
with the governor of the Mint in recommend-
ing its adoption. It follows the precedent of
the "bills passed at t.he last session of Congress
for the coinage of smaller pieces. It contains
the usual legal provisions, and no other, except
that it provides for the withdrawal of the small-
est fraj^ional notes now issued, namely, the
five-cent notes. •
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I think there should
be some change in the provision in regard to
the gross amount to be presented for redemp-
tion. It is now in sums of $100 and over.
_ Mr. KASSON. The objection to the reduc-
tion is that any smaller sum subjects the em-
ployes of the Mint to very great annoyance
and trouble, owing to the small denomination
of the currency. This limit is deemed as small
as will be expedient for the administration of
tlio law. It is designed to prevent these notes
coming back in small sums.
Mr. KELLEY. I wish to ask a question.
Can the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. KAsson*]
give us any idea what will be the size and
weight of the coin?
Mr. KASSON. The Director of the Mint
has prepared a suggestive model, if I may call
it. such, the only suggestion that 1 have seen.
It is somewhat larger in diameter than the
three-cent piece. The matter is left, us usual
in these bills in relation to minor coins, to the
discretion of the governor of the Mint and the
Secretary of the Treasury, and the committee
have no desire to lake that discretion from them.
Mr. KELLEY. To what three-cent piece
does the, gentleman refer?
Mr. KASSON. The one authorized by tho
last Congress.
Mr. G RIXNELL. T would ask my colleague
if he can tell us what device is to appear on
the coin.
Mr. KASSON. I am afraid my colleague
is encroaching a little on the province of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [ Mr. Tuayeu.]
All I can say in regard to that is, that it. is not to
be adorned with the head of any living person.
[Laughter.]
Mr. CONKLING. Does not the bill pro-
vide that the weight of the coin shall be sixty
grains?
Mr. KASSON. Not exceeding sixty grains.
Mr. CONKLING. I am told that the old
cent weighs sixty-one grains. If so, and it is
designed to make this new coin weigh sixty
grains, it must be several times as large as the
model which the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Kaskon,] has in his mind, so that if he means
to restrict the size to anything like that of the
new three-cent pieces, I would suggest that
the weiirht had better be diminished.
Mr. KASSON. My reply to that is, that tho
officers of the Mint,, as the committee know,
are against the issue of any ol'those largo coins
of small value. I think, therefore, my friend's
information is incorrect as to tho weight of the
old cent; and inasmuch as .this weight was
fixed under the influence of this well-known
desire on the part of the officers of the Mint,
I should be unwilling to change the provision
without, further information.
Mr. THAYER. I will suggest to tho gentle-
man from New York that if he will remember
that by the bill twenty-five percent, of the coin
is to be made of nickel, he will easily perceive
that it is impossible it should be of the size ho
indicates.
Mr. CONKLING. Thegcntlcmanfrom Penn-
sylvania has hit upon the very tiling that arrested
my attention. Nickel is a lighter metal than
copper.
Mr. TIIAYER. But far more valuable.
Mr. CONKLING-. If the coin isto be mad o
of two metals, twenty-five per cent, being of a
metal lighter than copper, and if it is to weigh
sixty grains, while the old cent weighs sixty-
one, of course it will be larger than that ancient
coin. For one 1 hope we will not authorize
such a thing.
Mr. THAYER. There is no danger of any
such result. Any one can easily see, if this
coin is to be twenty-five per cent, of nickel, that
it cannot bo of the size the gentleman indicates.
