1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2835
there be an inspector for a region of country
for these small distilleries? Why not have
such an arrangement that the large distilleries
doing a great business shall be compelled to
furnish an inspector, but that the small estab-
lishments shall be exempted ? This paragraph
provides that he shall hold no other office,
engage in no other business while he holds
this office, and shall have a compensation of
$1,600. *
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HALE. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Illinois.
[Mr. Bromwell. ] I beg leave to call the atten-
tion of the committee to the proposition which
is before us in the consideration of this whisky
tax, and to the revenue we have a right to ex-
pect from that one item, and to the receipts
that the returns of last year show should have
come from it. We are seeking here, not to
affect any moral question, not to regulate the
habits of the people, but simply to raise the
greatest possible amount of revenue from the
article that wo believe of all others best able
to sustain it.
Now, the returns for the last year show that
forty-five million gallons of whisky, or about
that, were consumed in this country, which
should have produced, under the law, $90,000,-
000. The returns show that we received a rev-
enue of about seventeen million dollars, a tax
on eight and a half million gallons, or less than
one sixth of the whole amount.
Now, that revenue must either be made up
by the enforcement of the law upon this arti-
cle, or, as was well put by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] we must make it up
upon other branches of industry. How is it
to be done? Simply and only by an enforce-
ment of the law most rigidly. The British Gov-
ernment from its excise realizes 860,000,000
a year. Shall we be satisfied with a law so
loosely drawn, so poorly enforced, as only to
realize a revenue on one gallon out of every
six we manufacture?
Now, let us take the small distilleries which
it is urged are to be crushed out by this provis-
ion ; this rate of tax simply makes an expense,
« for this inspector, of five dollars on every $500
of revenue to the Government, taking §500 as
a basis. Is that an oppressive tax?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORRILL. I move an amendment, to
insert in lieu of the compensation now provided
by the paragraph the words " five dollars per
day.'' But, sir, as I am desirous to make as
much progress in the bill as possible this even-
ing, and as there are many provisions here that
may excite some discussion, I move that the
committee rise for the purpose of terminating
debate.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union had had under consideration the
Union generally, and particularly the special
order, being bill of the House No. 513, to
anletid an act entitled "An act to provide
internal revenue to support the Government,
to pay interest on the public debt, and for
other purposes," approved June 30, 1804, and
acts amendatory thereof, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
close of dedate.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that all debate
in Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the pending paragraph of the special
order terminate in ten minutes after the com-
mittee shall resume the consideration of the
subject.
The motion was agreed to.
leave of absence.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask leave of absence
indefinitely for Mr. Blow.
No objectiijn was made, and leave was
granted.
tax bill again.
Mr. MORRILL moved that the rules bo sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
•theCommit.tee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Dawes in the chair.) and resumed the consid-
eration of the special order, being a bill of the
House (No. 513) to amend an act entitled
"An act to provide internal revenue to sup-
port the Government, to pay interest on the
public debt, and for other purposes," approved
J une 30,1864, and acts amendatory thereof.
The pending question was upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Morrill, to strike out the words
"such compensation as the Secretary of the
Treasury may deem just and reasonable, at a
rate not exceeding $1,500 per annum," and
inserting "five dollars per day;" so that it
will' read, " and he shall be paid five dollars per
day for the time during which he is engaged."
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend the amendment by striking out the
words "holding the office of inspector; and
he shall be paid such compensation as the
Secretary of the Treasury may deem just and
reasonable, at a rate not exceeding SI,500
per annum," and insert "employed as an in-
spector ; and lie shall be paid live dollars per
day so that the clause will read, " and shall
not engage in any other business while employed
as an inspector; and he shall be paid five dol-
lars a day."
Mr. MORRILL. I will accept that amend-
ment.
Mr. STEVENS. I will not insist upon my
amendment but will withdraw it.
The question was upon the amendment of
Mr. Morrill as modified.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DARLING. Imove toamend by strik-
ing out the words "assessed by the assessor
upon the distiller, and returned to the collector
monthly," and insert "paid out of the public
Treasury:" so that it shall read, "and the
amount of compensation thus paid for inspec-
tion shall be-paid out of the public Treasury."
I hold it to be clearly the duty of the Gov-
ernment to pass such laws as may be necessary
to protect itself against frauds on the revenue
by the illicit distillation of spirits. But I con-
tend that it is also the duty of the Government
to pay the expenses of enforcing these provis-
ions of its own laws, and not impose upon
the class of small distillers this onerous and
oppressive burden. I contend that there is as
much honesty in the small distiller as there is
in the large distiller. There is less incentive
or motive to defraud the Government on the
part of the man who distills but a few barrels
a day than there is on the part of the man who
distills fifty or a hundred barrels a day. In
my own district there are large numbers of these
small distillers ; and I have yet to learn that
there has been among them anything like the
proportion of frauds discovered that have been
perpetrated by the large distillers.*
Now, I think the Government has no right
to pass laws discouraging a man in the prose-
cution of any particular business because he
is not able to employ the same amount of cap-
ital in pursuing that business that the large
distiller has. I therefore trust that my amend-
ment will prevail, and that the Government will
pay from the public Treasury the expenses of
this restriction, as the Government is to be
benefited by their operation. I maintain that
the revenue from this source will be largely
increased by a diminution of the tax. I hold
that a dollar tax upon whisky would produce
a larger amount of revenue than the two dollar
tax.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I move pro
forma to strike out the last word of the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Darling.] I think the amendment proposed
by him will test the soundness and sincerity of
the argument used by gentlemen here that this
tax is paid by the consumer and not by the
distiller. If that be so then they can have no
objection to the amendment now offered by
the gentleman from New York. If you will
have an inspector over every distillery, then
give him a compensation of five dollars a day,
and pay him out of the public Treasury. Then
this provision will not break down the small
distillers, but they will still be able to go on
with their business.
But the idea that in order to guard against
illicit distillation it is necessary to adopt a pro-
vision which will break down these small dis-
tillers is wholly fallacious. I venture to assert
that the larger the establishment the more
fraud and villainy you will find in it. What is
the necessity at all for this inspection? You
provide for the appointment of an inspector in
every collection district. And in addition to
that you propose to provide for an inspector
for every little distillery at an annual salary
of 81,500, to be paid by the distiller. It has
been said by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Garfield] that some of these distillers do
not produce more than four or five hundred
gallons a day. .He must know very little
about the subject or he would know that there
are thousands of distilleries that do not make
more than one hundred gallons a day each.
Now, it is not necessary to disguise this matter
at all. The object of this proposition is to
crush out all these small distilleries and put
the whole business in the hands of the large
distilleries.
Mr. MORRILL. I would remind the gen-
tleman that we have already adopted an amend-
ment providing that these inspectors shall be
paid five dollars a day while employed.
Mr. HARDTNG, of Kentucky. And why
not also provide that they shall be paid out of
the public Treasury ? And if it is necessary
to guard all these little establishments, why
not have an inspector in every manufacturing
establishment in the North and East, to be
paid at their own cost? Gentlemen say it will
cost but little more. Now, does the gentle-
man undertake to say that, under the old law,
every distiller has to pay the salary of an in-
spector? No, sir; under the old law there are
inspectors for each collection district; and this
bill retains them just as they are. The object,
sir, is to break up all those little distilleries
throughout the West. There is not one in a
thousand that can stand out under such legis-
lation. This is known to every man who is
acquainted with the subject. Another object
is to place the grain market within the grasp
of those large monopolies, so that they can
take the farmers' produce _at their own price
and distill it in their large establishments. The
amendment will obviate to some extent the
objection to the provisions of the section. If
it is deemed necessary on the part of the Gov-
ernment to watch these little establishments,
let it be done; but do it at Government ex-
pense, and not by a process that will crush out
and destroy these small establishments, root
and branch. I withdraw my amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. SLOAN. I move to amend by striking
out after the word "monthly" in the thirty-
third line the following :
And in addition to the above compensation, such
inspector shall receive one eighth of one cent for
each and every proof gallon of distilled spirits in-
spected by him and removed to the bonded ware-
house, which shall be paid by the distiller or owner
oi the spirits; but no compensation shall be allowed
to such inspector for more than one inspection of
such spirits.
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment is not
germane to the pending amendment, and is
not in order.
On the amendment of Mr. darling there
were—aves 42, noes 51.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky, called for
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs.Darlixo
and Garfield were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 42, noes 61.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend by in-
