1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL,GLOBE.
385
Laws of the United States.
39th Cong 1st Sess,
tnents for the purchase of provisions and to-
bacco, per fourth article treaty fourth Octo-
ber, eighteen hundred and forty-two, and eighth
article treaty thirtieth September, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-four, six hundred and sixty-six
dollars and sixty-seven cents.
For one third of last of twenty-five install-
ments for the support of two smiths' shops,
including the pay of two smiths and assistants,
and furnishing iron and steel, per fourth arti-
cle treaty fourth October, eighteen hundred
and forty-two, and eighth article treaty thir-
tieth September, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, six hundred and sixty-six dollars and
sixty-seven cents.
For one third of last of twenty-five install-
ments for pay of two farmers, per fourth arti-
cle treaty fourth October, eighteen hundred
and forty-two, and eighth article treaty thir-
tieth September, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, three hundred and thirty-three dollars
and thirty-three cents.
For twelfth of twenty installments of annuity
in money, per third article treaty twenty-sec-
ond February, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
twenty thousand dollars.
Chippewas, Pillager, and Lake Winnebago-
shish Bands.
For twelfth of thirty installments of annuity
in money, per third article treaty twenty-sec-
ond February, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
ten thousand six hundred and sixty-six dollars
and sixty-six cents.
For twelfth of thirty installments of annuity
in goods, per third article treaty twcnty-sec-
ond February, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
eight thousand dollars.
For twelfth of thirty installments for purposes
of utility, per third article treaty twenty-sec-
ond February, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
four thousand dollars.
For twelfth of twenty installments for pur-
poses of education, per third article treaty
twenty-second February, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, three thousand dollars.
For twelfth of fifteen installments for sup-
port of two smiths and smiths' shops, per third
article treaty twenty-second February, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, two thousand one hun-
dred and twenty dollars.
For pay of an engineer to grist and saw mill
at Leech Lake, per third article of treaty of
twenty-second February, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, six hundred dollars.
Chippewas of Saginaw, Swan Creel, and
Black River.
For first of two equal installments in coin, to
be distributed per capita, in the usual^ man-
ner of paying annuities, per second article of
the treaty of August second, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, eighteen thousand eight hundred
dollars.
Chippewa, Menomones, Winnebagos, and New
York Indians.
For education during the pleasure of Con-
gress, per fifth article treaty eleventh August,
eighteen hundred and twenty-seven, one thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
Chickasaws.
For permenant annuity in goods, per act of
twenty-fifth February, seventeen hundred and
ninety-nine, three thousand dollars.
Choctaws.
For permanent annuity, per second article
treaty sixteenth November, eighteen hundred
and five, and thirteenth article treaty twenty-
second June, eighteen hundred and fifty;five,
three thousand dollars.
For permanent annuity for support of light-
horsemen, per thirteenth article treaty eight-
eenth October, eighteen hundred and twenty,
and thirteenth article treaty, twenty-second
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, six hun-
dred dollars.
For permanent provision for education, per
second article treaty twentieth January, eight-
een hundred and twenty-five, and thirteenth
article treaty twenty-second June, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, six thousand dollars.
For permanent provision for blacksmith, per
sixth article treaty eighteenth October, eight-
een hundred and twenty, and thirteenth article
treaty twenty-second June, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, six hundred dollars.
For permanent provision for iron and steel,
per nihth article treaty twentieth January,
eighteen hundred and twenty-five, and thir-
teenth article of treaty twenty-second June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, three hundred
and twenty dollars.
For interest on five hundred thousand dollars,
at five per centum per annum, for education,
support of the government, and other benefi-
cial purposes, under the direction of the gen-
eral council of the Choctaws, in conformity
with the provisions contained in the tenth and
thirteenth articles of the treaty of twenty-
second June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
twenty-five thousand dollars.
Choctaws and Chickasaws.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may
become due to the Choctaws and Chickasaws
under the third and forty-sixth articles of the
treaty of April twenty-eighth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-six, for interest at the rate of
five per centum, upon the amount paid for cer-
tain lauds ceded by them to the United States,
fifteen thousand dollars.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may
be necessary to enable the Secretary of the
Interior to cause a census of each tribe to be
taken, as per first clause, eighth article, treaty
of April twenty-eight, eighteen hundred and
sixty-six, one thousand five hundred dollars.
For this amount to be advanced the Choc-
taws for the cession of the leased district, and
the admission of the Kansas Indians, as per
forty-sixth article treaty of April twenty-eight,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six, one hundred
and fifty thousand dollars.
For this amount to be advanced the Chicka-
saws for the cession of the leased district, and
the admission of the Kansas Indians, as per
forty-sixth article treaty of April twenty-eight,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six, fifty thousand
dollars.
For pay of commissioners to be appointed
by the President, as per forty-ninth and fiftieth
articles treaty of April twenty-eight, eighteen
hundred and sixty-six, and Senate amendment
thereto, or so much thereof as may be neces-
sary, four thousand three hundred and twenty
dollars.
Camanches, Kiowas, and Apaches, of Arkan-
sas River.
For the third of five installments, being the
second series for the purchase of goods, pro-
visions, and agricultural implements, per sixth
article treaty twenty-seventh July, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-three, eighteen thousand dollars.
For expenses of transportation of the sec-
ond of five installments of goods, provisions,
and agricultural implements, per sixth article
treaty twenty-seventh July, eighteen hundred
and fifty-three, seven thousand dollars.
Creeks.
For permanent annuity in money, per fourth
article treaty seventh August, seventeen hun-
dred and ninety, and fifth article treaty seventh
August, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, one
thousand five hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity in money, per second
article treaty sixteenth June, eighteen hundred
and two, and fifth article treaty seventh August,
eighteen hundred and fifty-six, three thousand
dollars.
For permanent annuity in money, per fourth
article treaty twenty-fourth January, eighteen
hundred and twenty-six, and fifth article treaty
seventh August, eighteen hundred and fifty-
six. twentv thousand dollars.
For permanent annuity for blacksmith an"d
assistant,, and for shop and tools, per eighth
article treaty twenty-fourth January, eighteen
hundred and twenty-six, and fifth article treaty
seventh August, eighteen hundred and fifty-
six, eight hundred and forty dollars.
For permanent annuity for iron and steel for
shop, per eighth article treaty twenty-foufth
January, eighteen hundred and twenty-six, and
fifth article treaty ^ seventh. August, eighteen
hundred and fifty-six, two hundred and seventy
dollars.
For permanent annuity for the pay of a wheel-
wright, per eighth article treaty twenty-fourth
January, eighteen hundred and twenty-six, and
fifth article treaty seventh August, eighteen
hundred and fifty-six, six hundred dollars.
For blacksmith and assistant, and Shop and
tools, during the pleasure of the President, per
fifth article treaty fourteenth February, eight-
een hundred and thirty-three, and fifth article
treaty seventh August, eighteen hundred and
fifty-six, eight hundred and forty dollars. • 
For iron and steel for shop during the pleas-
ure of the President, per fifth article treaty
fourteenth February, eighteen hundred ana
thirty-three, and fifth article treaty seventh
August, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, two
hundred and seventy dollars.
For wagon-maker during the pleasure of the
President, per fifth article treaty fourteenth
February, eighteen hundred and thirty-three,
and fifth article treaty seventh August, eight-
een hundred and fifty-six, six hundred dollars.
For assistance in agricultural operations dur-
ing the pleasure of the President, per eighth
article treaty twenty-fourth January, eighteen
hundred and twenty-six, and fifth article treaty
seventh August, eighteen hundred and fifty-six,
two thousand dollars.
For education during the pleasure of the
President, per fifth article treaty fourteenth
February, eighteen hundred and thirty-three,
and fifth article treaty seventh August, eight-
een hundred and fifty-six, one thousand dollars.
For five per centum interest on two hundred
thousand dollars, for purposes of education,
per sixth article treaty seventh August, eight-
een hundred and fifty-six, ten thousand dol-
lars.
Belawares.
For life annuity to chief, per private arti-
cle to supplemental treaty twenty-fourth Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and twenty-nine, to
treaty of third October, eighteen hundred and
eighteen, one hundred dollars.
For interest on forty-six thousand and eighty
dollars, at five per centum, being the value ot
thirty-six sections of land set apart by treaty
of eighteen hundred and twenty-nine, for edu-
cation, per Senate resolution of January nine-
teenth, eighteen hundred and thirty-eight, and
fifth article treaty May sixth, eighteen hundred
and fifty-six, [four,] two thousand three hun-
dred and four dollars.
lowas.
For interest in lieu of investment on fifty-
seven thousand five hundred dollars, balance
of one hundred and fifty-seven thousand five
hundred dollars, to the first of July, eighteen
hundred and sixty-six, at five per centum per
annum, for education or other beneficial pur-
poses, under the direction of the President,
per second article treatjr October nineteenth,
eighteen hundred and thirty-eight, and ninth
article treaty May seventeenth, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-four, two thousand eight hundred
and seventy-five dollars.
Kansas.
For interest in lien of investment on two
hundred thousand dollars, at five per centum
per annum; per second article treaty January
fourteenth, eighteen hundred and forty-six, ten
thousand dollars.
Kickapoos.
For thirteenth installment of interest, at five
