THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3795
the proposition is contained in an appropriation
bill, to put the control of this work in the hands
of the Surgeon General, and allow him to ex-
pend half a million dollars among; such people
as he may select, tljey will of course do so.
But if, on the contrary, they wish that this work
shall be done with proper guards, they will
adopt the amendment which I have proposed.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Laflix,] what
existing law there is to authorize an appro-
priation of $20,000 for preparing a " medical
and surgical history of the rebellion."
Mr. LAFLIN. The same law, I suppose,
which authorizes the appropriation proposed
in the bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir; they are very
different things. The one is an appropriation
for the publication of a work prepared by an
officer in a bureau of the Government in the
discharge of the duties of his office. The sub-
stitute which the gentleman proposes is that
$20,000 be appropriated to pay for the prepa-
ration of a work. I want to know what law
there is authorizing such an appropriation,
and wh6 it is that is to receive this money.
Mr. LAFLIN. Mr. Chairman, this work has
been prepared under the direction of the Sur-
geon General, with the assistance of certain
volunteers who have been detailed in his de-
partment for that purpose. He has heretofore
paid them for these services out of what he
calls " slush money"—money made up by the
sale of the debris around the camps.
There was a large amount of money from this
source in his possession prior to the 1st of
July, amounting, I think, to one or two hun-
dred thousand dollars. That was the amount,
if my recollection serves me.
Mr. STEVENS. Are these persons in Gov-
ernment employ, or persons hired outside?
Mr. LAFLIN. I expectthey are in the em-
ploy of the Government.
Mr. STEVENS. Then why are they paid
beyond their legal salary'?
Mr. LAFLIN. I asked the question of the
Surgeon General why it was necessary to get
this money, and he said if they were not con-
tinued there they must be discharged, because
there was no other occasion for their services.
I am not able to tell anything in reference to the
interior management of the Surgeon General's
office. I am telling to the House just exactly
what he told us. I believe the House now
thoroughly understands this matter, and if this
be voted 1 can only say we have done our duty.
Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio. The gentleman from
New York proposes to reduce the appropriation
from $00,000 to $20,000. How does he expect
with an appropriation of $20,000 any printing
can be done this year. In my opinion, §00,000
is not an extravagant sum it' it be intended to
soon begin the process of printing. It will run
through a number of years, and the item of
printing is a very large one.
This work is not only of great importance to
the scientific world, but to every man, woman,
and child in the country. It, is of general im-
portance that the work should be published.
1 am in favor of the appropriation, and I am
in favor of such appropriation as will permit
the. printing to go on as fast as possible. In
my judgment, $00,000 is not more than enough.
I do not say it should be commenced now, but
if it be $00,000 is not too large.
Mr. KASSON. Mr. Chairman, I have ex-
amined the letter of the Surgeon General to
the committee, and I find in that letter if the
action of the House is early enough in grant-
ing the appropriation, two volumes will be put
to press this year. So, therefore, the inten-
tion of this appropriation is to proceed with the
publication of the most important parts of it at
once, giving the benefits of them to mankind.
I ask the House whether, if they intend to pub-
lish at any time these most valuable medical
statistics and improved appliances for the relief
of humanity at large in the world, as well as m
the United States, it is not expedient to pro-
ceed with the work at once. Jt is not a work
merely to gratify curiosity or to indulge extrav-
agant designs of the medical department. It
is to be for the relief of the misfortunes of
mankind, especially that portion of those mis-
fortunes which result from the perils of war.
It is the testimony, as we have seen before
the committee, of the first medical men in
Europe as well as in this country that no exist-
ing work will have equal value in the advance-
ments medical science. When we see nearly
all of Europe being involved in war, when we
remember this work is to teach surgeons of the
world some new and remarkable operations in
saving human life and the relief of human mis-
eries, is it not a proper question for us, if we
are to publish the work at all, why we should
not publish it at once that the world may have
the benefit of it? For this reason i agree with
the gentleman from Ohio, a member of the
Committee on Printing, who says if the work
is to be published this appropriation is not too
large. I hope the appropriation will be allowed
to stand as it is.
Mr. LAFLIN. I renew my point of order.
I make the point that the appropriation is not
authorized by law.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order
comes too late, as the paragraph has been
discussed.
The amendment of Mr. Wilson, of Iowa,
was agreed to.
The amendment of Mr. Lafldt was rejected.
Mr. PRICE. I move to strike out the par-
agraph, and I will state my reason. _ There is
not more than one man in a hundred, if there be
even that, to whom this work will be of any
kind of use after being published. Now, this
appropriation of $60,000 is but for the com-
mencement of a work which it is admitted will
cost $500,000 to complete. We are not here to
publish philosophical or scientific works, and
I protest against the expenditure of this money
for a work of Ijiis kind which is of no use ex-
cept to the profession. _ If prof^pional men
want it let them f>ay for it.
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to oppose the prop-
osition by saying nothing, for it is the most
extraordinary speech I ever heard to enlight-
ened men.
Mr. PRICE. I presume that is the only
thing the gentleman could say, for there is no
answer to it. This is an expenditure of the
people:s money for a publication that probably
not one in a hundred of this nation will ever ^
Se|ir. CONKLING. Mr. Chairman, the ques-
tion how far it is ever well to appropriate
money for the purpose of publishing philo-
sophical books, or others, is one upon which
a great deal can be said on both sides. But
the proposition that this particular work is
especially obnoxious to objection seems to me
fallacious. As I understand, this {'.reposition
is not to publish a work popular in its charac-
ter—a work designed for the million, and use-
ful, in that sense, as the Agricultural Report,
for example, may be, but it is to publish for
the benefit of the medical profession, and thus
for the benefit of humanity at large, a work
which, I am assured by those competent to
judge, will be not only without its fellow m
medical literature, not only a pioneer, but use-
ful beyond any cost which can possibly bo
involved, unless profligacy and not economy is
observed in its production.
I understand, also, that in order to make the
work useful and sucecssfulj it should be exe-
cuted not in tlio ordinary way, not as you give
to a publishing house an ordinary work to be
done, but with an artistic excellence, partic-
ularly of illustration, which does not enter
even into bank-note engraving, or anything of
the sort-to which we are accustomed, i or ex-
ample. it is designed to take a minute particle
of morbid flesh, or bone, a particle, the integ-
rity of which has been destroyed by disease,
subject it to a very high magnifying power,
and photograph it thus magnified, and then
euorave it for insertion in the work. In this
way a particle, so small perhaps as not to be
usefully discernible by the naked eye, may be
represented in a large engraving, and may fur-
nish to surgeons, physiologists, and pathologists
the most valuable information which is now
hidden from all except those possessed of very
expensive and scientific facilities, or else of
very rare advantages.
I am assured by the distinguished head of the
insane asylum situated in my district, the third
or fourth, I believe, in the world, who has given
attention to this subject, that the value of the
process to which I have just adverted, if that
alone were to be effectuated by this work, is
greater than can easily be measured, looking to
the ftenefits which will result from it. Therefore,
unless we are to $rop altogether the business
of book-making—and if that question were up
I might agree with the gentleman from Iowa,
[Mr. Price]—unless we are to discontinue the
practice altogether, it seems to mo there is a
clear propriety in an appropriation adequate to
the thorough execution of the work.
Mr. PRICE. The committee will remember
that I have said nothing in reference to the
publication of books in general.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman has already
spoken twice on this question. I ask him, when
he concludes his remarks, to move that the
committee rise for the purpose of terminating
debate.
Mr. PRICE. I would be willing to accom-
modate the gentleman from Pennsylvania in
any way, but I think the House and this com-
mittee will bear me witness that I am not in
the habit of making long speeches and not a
great many short ones. The argument of the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Coxki.ixg] is
simply this: that because we have been in the
habit of publishing here all sorts and kinds
and sizes of books at an expense which has
made us ridiculous in the eyes of the nation,
$2,000,000 having been expended for that pur-
pose, we must therefore expend $500,000 more
on a medical work that not more than one man
in a hundred can understand anything about
when he reads it. The fact that we have done
wrong in publishing books heretofore is no
justification for continuing in that wrong and
expending the money of the people of this
country when everybody knows we have not
any money to expend. This is purely a scien-
tific work. It will be useful to and for the ben-
efit of one profession only, and outside of that
profession it will be read but very little, and
when read will be less understood.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to know whether,
when the gentleman says that this work will not
bo understood by one man in a hundred, he
means that it will not be used or be useful in
the case of all those_ who resort to medical
works or scientific libraries on subjects of
physiology or pathology.
Mr. PRICE. When I admit that it will be
useful to all such persons, then 1 have proved
by the gentleman that it will not he useful to
one man in a hundred. Is there one man in a
hundred that resorts; to medical libraries to
examine scientifically these questions Every-
body knows that there is not one man in five
hundred who desires it, and it is for that rea-
son that I protest against this lavish, and, I may
sav. foolish expenditure of the public money.
If the reasons given by the gentleman are good
for anything, let us publish mcdical works and
mail them broadcast over the land, and lettne
people understand that weare to become a
nation of surgeons and physicians.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the commit-
tee rise for the purpose of closing debate.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose: and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, ;\lr. Raymond re-
ported that the Committee of the "Whole on the
state of the Union had had under consideration
the special order, being bill of the House No.
737, making appropriations^!" sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1807, and for other purposes, and had
come to no conclusion thereon.
