996
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 26,
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.'
Laws of the United States.
per centum, on one hundred thousand dollars,
lor educational and other beneficial purposes,
per second article treaty May eighteenth, eight-
een hundred and fifty-four, five thousand dol-
lars. .
For thirteenth installment on two hundred
thousand dollars, to be paid ia eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-seven, per second article treaty
eighteenth May, eighteen hundwd and fifty-
foar, seven thousand dollars.
Menomonees.
Far eleventh of twelve installments for con-
tinuing and keeping up a blacksmith shop and
providing the usual quantity of iron and steel,
per fourth article treaty eighteenth October,
eighteen hundred and forty-eight, and third
article treaty twelfth May, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, nine hundred and sixteen dollars
and sixty-six cents. .
For first of fifteen installments of annuity
upon two hundred and forty-six thousand six
hundred and eighty-six dollars for cession of
lands per third article treaty May twelfth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, and Senate
amendment thereto, sixteen thousand one hun-
dred and seventy-nine dollars and six cents.
For eleventh of fifteen installments for pay
of miller, per third article treaty twelfth May,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, six hundred
dollars.
Miamies of Kansas.
For permanent provision for blacksmith and
assistant, and iron and steel for shop, per fifth
article treaty sixth October, eighteen hundred
and eighteen, and fourth article treaty June
fifth, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, nine
hundred and forty dollars.
For permanent provision for miller, in lieu
of gunsmith, per fifth article treaty sixth Octo-
ber, eighteenhundredandeighteen, fifth article
treaty twenty-third October, eighteen hundred
and thirty-four, and fourth article treaty fifth
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, six hun-
dred dollars.
For interest on fifty thousand dollars, at five
per centum, for educational purposes, per third
article treaty fifth June, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For seventh of twenty installments upon two
hundred thousand dollars, per third article
treaty fifth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, seven thousand five hundred dollars.
Miamies of Indiana.
For interest on two hundredand twenty-one
thousand two hundred and fifty-seven dollars
and eighty-six cents, uninvested, at five per
centum, for Miami Indians of Indiana, per
Senate's amendment to fourth article treaty
fifth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
eleven thousand and sixty-two dollars and
eighty-nine cents.
Miamies—Eel River.
For permanent annuity in goods or otherwise,
per fourth article treaty third August, seven-
teen hundred and ninety-fiye, five hundred dol-
lars.
Forpermanent annuity in goods or otherwise,
perthirdartiele treaty twenty-first August, eight-
een hundred and five, two hundred and fifty
dollars.
For permanent annuity in goods or otherwise,
per third and separate article to treaty thirtieth
September, eighteen hundred and nine, three
hundred and fifty dollars.
Nisqually, PayaRup, and other Tribes and
Sands of Indians.
For twelfth installment, in part payment for
iclinquishment of title lands, to be applied to
beneficial objects, per fourth article treaty
twenty-sixth December, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, twelve hundred dollars.
For twelfth of twenty installments for pay of
instructor, smith, physician, carpenter, farmer,
and assistant, if necessary, per tenth article
treaty twenty-sixth December, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-four, six thousand seven hundred
dollars.
Omahas.
For the ninth of ten installments of this
amount, being second of series, in money or
otherwise, per fourth article treaty sixteenth
March, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, thirty
thousand dollars.
Osages.
For interest on sixty-nine thousand one hun-
dred and twenty dollars, at five per centum,
being the value of fifty-four sections of land
set apart second June, eighteen hundred and
twenty-five, for educational purposes, per Sen-
ate resolution nineteenth January, eighteen
hundred and thirty-eight, three thousand four
hundred and fifty-six dollars.
For interest on three hundred thousand dol-
lars at five per centum per annum, to be paid
semi-annually in money or such articles as the
Secretary of the Interior may direct, as perfirst
article treaty of September twenty-nine, eight-
een hundred and sixty-five, for the fiscal year
ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-seven, fifteen thousand dollars.
For transportation of goods, provisions, and
so forth, purchased by the Great and Little
Osage Indians, for the fiscal year ending June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, or
so much thereof as may be necessary, three
thousand five hundred dollars.
Ottoes and Missourias.
For ninth of ten installments, being the sec-
ond series, in money or otherwise, per fourth
article treat}' fifteenth March, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, thirteen thousand dollars.
Ottawas and Chippewas of Michigan.
For interest on two hundred and six thou-
sand dollars, unpaid part of the principal sum
of three hundred and six thousand dollars, for
one year, at fivg per centum per annum, to be
distributed per capita, in the usual manner of
paying annuities, per second article of the treaty
of thirty-first July, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, ten thousand three hundred dollars.
Pawnees.
For fourth of five installments of the second
series in goods and such articles as may be
necessary for them, per second article treaty
twenty-fourth September, eighteen hundred and
fifty-seven, thirty thousand dollars.
For support of two manual-labor schools an-
nually, during the pleasure of the President,
perthirdartiele treaty twenty-fourth Septem-
ber, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, ten thou-
sand dollars.
For pay of two teachers, under the direction
of the President, per third article treaty twenty-
fourth September, eighteen hundred and fifty-
seven, one thousand two hundred dollars.
For purchase of iron and steel, and other
necessaries for the shop, during the pleasure
of the President, per fourth article treaty
twenty-fourth September, eighteen hundred and
fifty-seven, five hundred dollars.
For pay of two blacksmiths, one of whom to
be a gunsmith and tin-smith, per fourth article
treaty twenty-fourth September, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-seven, one thousand two hun-
dred dollars.
For compensation of two strikers or ap-
prentices in shop, per fourth article of treaty
twenty-fourth September, eighteen hundred and
fifty-seven, four hundred and eighty dollars.
For ninth of ten installments for farming
utensils and stock, during the pleasure of the
President, per fourth article treaty twenty-
fourth September, eighteen hundred and fifty-
seven, one thousand two hundred dollars.
For pay of farmer, per fourth article treaty
twenty-fourth September, eighteen hundred and
fifty-seven, six hundred dollars.
For eighth of ten installments for pay of
miller, at the discretion of the President, per
fourth article treaty twenty-fourth September,
eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, six hundred
dollars.
For eighth of ten installments for pay of an
engineer, at the discretion of the President,
per fourth article treaty twenty-fourth Septem-
ber, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, one
thousand two hundred dollars.
For compensation to apprentices, to assist
in working the mill, per fourth article treaty
twenty-fourth September, eighteen hundred and
fifty-seven, five hundred dollars.
For grist and saw mill, and keeping the same
in repair, per fourth article treaty September
twenty-fourth, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven,
three hundred dollars.
Pottawatomies of Huron.
For permanent annuity in money or other-
wise, per second article treaty seventeenth
November, eighteen hundred and seven, four
hundred dollars.
Pottawatomies.
For permanent annuity in silver, per fourth
article treaty third August, seventeen hundred
and ninety-five, one thousand dollars. "
For permanent annuity in silver, per third
article treaty thirtieth September, eighteen
hundred and nine, five hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity in silver, per third
article treaty second October, eighteen hun-
dred and eighteen, two thousand five hundred
dollars.
For permanent annuity in money, per sec-
ond article treaty twentieth September, eight-
een hundred and twenty-eight, two thousand
dollars.
For permanent annuity in specie, per sec-
ond article treaty twenty-ninth July, eighteen
hundred and twenty-nine, sixteen thousand
dollars.
For life annuity to chief, per third article
treaty twentieth October, eighteen hundred and
thirty-two, two hundred dollars.
For life annuity to chiefs, per third article
treaty twenty-sixth September, eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-three, seven hundred dollars.
For education during the pleasure of Con-
gress, per third article treaty sixteenth Octo-
ber, eighteen hundred and twenty-six, second
article treaty twentieth September, eighteen
hundred and twenty-eight, and fourth article
treaty twenty-seventh October, eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-two, five thousand dollars.
For permanent provision for the payment
of money in lieu of tobacco, iron, and steel,
per second article treaty twentieth September,
eighteen hundred and twenty-eight, and tenth
article of the treaty of the fifth and seven-
teenth June, eighteen hundred and forty-six,
three hundred dollars.
For permanent provisions for three black-
smiths and assistants, and permanent provision
for iron and steel for shops, per third article
treaty sixteenth October, eighteen hundred and
twenty-six, second article treaty twentieth Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and twenty-eight, and
second article treaty twenty-ninth July, eight-
een hundred and twenty-nine, two thousand one
hundred and sixty dollars.
For iron and steel, six hundred and sixty
dollars.
For permanent provision for fifty barrels of
salt, per second article of treaty twenty-ninth
July, eighteen hundred and twenty-nine, four
hundred and thirty-seven dollars and fifty cents.
For interest on six hundred and forty-three
thousand dollars, at five per centum, per seventh
article of the treaty of the fifth and seventeenth
June, eighteen hundred and forty-six, thirty-
two thousand one hundred and fifty dollars.
Quapaws.
For education during the pleasure of the
President, per third article treaty thirteenth
May, eighteen hundred and thirty-three, one
thousand dollars.
For blacksmith and assistant, shop and tools,
and iron and steel for shop, during the pleasure
