3790.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
July#13,
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
their Secretary, informed the House that the
Senate insisted upon their amendments disa-
greed to by the House to the bill of the House
(H. E. No. 213) making appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of
the Government for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1867, disagreed to other amendments
of the House to other amendments of the
Senate to the said bill, and agreed to the con-
ference asked by the House on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses thereon, and had
appointed Messrs. Fesseuden, Williams, and
Hendkicks the conferees on the part of the
Senate.
The message further informed the House that
the Senate insisted on their disagreement to the
tenth amendment of the House to the bill of the
Senate (S. No. 343) to quiet land titles in Cali-
fornia, agreed to the eonfcrcnce asked by the
House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon, and had appointed Messrs.
Pomeroy, Conness, and Sprague the confer-
ees on the part of the Senate.
The message further informed the House that
the Senate had passed a joint resolution (S.
No. 125) granting the right of way through
military reserves to the Union Pacific Railroad
Company and its branches, in which he was
instructed to ask the concurrence of the House.
Mr. ANCONA. I rise to a question of or-
der. I desire to inquire whether it would not
be in order now to demand that the regular
order be taken up. Unanimous consent was
given for the consideration of this bill, on the
supposition, I suppose, that it would give rise
to but little debate. Would it be in order to
call for the regular order now, as this bill is
likely to give rise to considerable debate?
The SPEAKER. It would not be in order
to demand the consideration of the regular
order at this time, because the House has
given unanimous consent for the considera-
tion of this miscellaneous appropriation bill.
MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATIONS—AGAIN.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that when the
House shall again resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
all general debate upon the special order shall
be closed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 also move that when the
House shall again resolve itself into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union for
the consideration of the special order, all de-
bate upon the pending paragraph shall be closed
in five minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the rules be sus-
pended and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended) and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Raymond in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the special order, being a bill of
the House (No. 737) making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 30, 1867, and for other
purposes.
The pending question was upon the motion
of Mr. Price, to strike out the following par-
3<or the purpose of printing and publishing at the
Government Printing Office, the first volumes of the
Medical and SiirgicalHistory of the Rebellion, under
the direction of the Surgeon General, $60,000.
Mr. BANKS. I do not think the objection
made by the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Price]
to this paragraph is sufficiently strong to justify
the Committee of the Whole in striking it out.
The kind of information that is provided for
in this work is not necessary for all people.
And if it is imparted to one person in a hun-
dred it perhaps serves all the purposes of the
Government, and attains all the good that can
be attained by a work of this kind. I have
been told, and I believe it is true, that if the
information embraced in this work had been
in the possession of our Army surgeons at the
commencement of the late war it might have
saved twenty per cent, of the life that has been
lost. Now, if that is true in regard to the
past, it will certainly be true in the future, if
we shall be called to participate in another
war; and it is also true in relation to the pres-
ei'vation of life in times of peace. It is a work
calculated to instruct medical men in the best
methods of preservinglife, which is a consider-
ation of very great importance to the country.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Price to strike out the paragraph.
The question was taken ; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes ten, noes not counted.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill.
Mr. HUMPHREY. I move to insert "be-
fore the paragraphs headed, " surveys of the
coast," the following:
For the enlargement and repairs of the custom-
house and post office building at Bangor, Maine,
$35,000.
The application coming from the city of Ban-
gor, for the purpose of enlarging and repairing
the custom-house and post office building, was
referred to the Committee on Commerce. That
committee examined into the facts of the
matter with a great deal of care, so that there
should be no question as to the propriety of
making an appropriation for that purpose. An
officer of the Treasury Department was sent to
the city of Bangor to examine the building and
make a report. That report was ma4e, and
upon that report, with other information that
was presented to us, the committee have re-
ported in favor of making this appropriation.
As the report is a short one I ask that it be
read by the Clerk, as it contains all the facts.
The Clerk read as follows :
Mr. Humphrey, from the Committee on Commerce,
made the following report:
The Comm^ee on Commerce, to whom was referred
the mcmoria"f the city council*of Bangor, Maine,
praying for an appropriation for the enlargement and
repair ofthe custom-house and post office department
of that place, report that they have had the matter
underconsideration, and, submitting the accompany-
ing papers as a part of this report, would recommend
an appropriation of $35,000 to carry out the proposed
objccts.
Room: of Committee on Commerce,
House op Representatives.
Sir: I herewith inclose a memorial from the city
council of Bangor, Maine, relative to improvement of
thecustom-houscatthatplace,andwouldrectuestyour
views as to the propriety of an appropriation, in the
present state of the finances, for the purposes men-
tioned.
Very respectfully,
E. B. WASHBURNE, M. O.
Hon. H. McCulloch, Secretary of the Treasury.
City op Bangor, in City Council,
November 6,1865.
Resolved, That the following memorial to Congress,
with the accompanying plans, be, and the same are
hereby, adopted as the sense of the city council of
the city of Bangor; and the Representative from this
congressional district is requested to present the same
to and urge the adoption by Congress at its approach-
ing session of measures necessary to carry into effect
the prayer of said memorial.
In Board op Aldermen*, November 6,1865.
Adopted unanimously; sent down for concurrence.
SAMUEL H. DALE, Mayor.
In Common Council, November 6,1865.
Adopted unanimously, in concurrence.
N. L. PERKINS, President+
To the honorable the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States in Congress assembled :
The memorial of the city council of Bangor, in the
county of Penobscot, and State of Maine, respect-
fully represents: that the building of the United
States in this city which is occupied as a custom-
house, post office, and by the United States district
court, is too limited in its accommodations for the
purposes for which it was intended, and that there
are no Government rooms in this district for the in-
ternal revenue suitable for thatdepartment; that the
post office accommodations are contracted and ex-
tremely inconvenient for the citizens, a portion of
whom are obliged to stand out of doors during the
distribution of the mails; that the court-room is low,
small, dark, and may properly be termed mean, tak-
ing into view the purpose for which it was designed;
that a plan prepared by a United States engineer
(the supervising architect) has been exhibited to
your memorialists, which, in their opinion, content
plates such improvements in the present Govern-
ment building as will render it very convenient for
all the Government purposes above mentioned. They
therefore pray that Congress will make provision for
enlarging the present custom-house in Bangor, and
arranging it agreeably to said plan.
And, as in duty bound, will ever pray. -
GEORGE W. SNOW, City Clerk.
A true copy of record.
Attest: GEORGE W. SNOW, City Clerk.
Treasury Department,
Office of Supervising Architect,
February 23, 1866.
Sir: I have visited Bangor, Maine, and examined
the custom-housebuilding in that city as directed by
your letter of the 29th ultimo, and have the honor to
report as follows:
I found the building small, inconvenient, and badly
arranged. The ground floor, which is assigned to the
postoffice department, is not only too small, but con-
structed without regard to the wants of the officers
and the public. I consider increased accommoda-
tions an absoluto necessity.
The second or custom-house story is ample for all
the business of the port, and is, in fact, the only por-
tion of the building that is at all adapted for the
purpose for which it is designed. It is clean and in
good repair, but the stairs by which it is approachcd
are extremely inconvenient and even dangerous,
and, should the improvements bo made, must be
reconstructed.
The building is two stories andalialfin height,tho
upper or attic story being devoted to the judiciary,
and contains what is termed a court-room, though a
more ill-contrived, inconvenient, and unlit building
it would be difficult to imagine. The top of the win-
dows is but four feet from the floor, and the roomhas
no other means of ventilation; from which state-
ments some idea can .be formed of its fitness for the
purpose. In fact, the court-room exists but in name,
and is only used in cases of great emergency that
cannot be transferred to Portland, and on such occa-
sions as the judge cannotobtainthe useofthecounty
court-room. I therefore strongly recommend that
suitable accommodations be provided.
I have also fully examined into the feasibility of
extending the present building, and can see no ob-
jections to such a course. It would be not only more
economical and more satisfactory to the citizens, but
in all respects more advantageous. I have therefore
prepared plans for an extension of the building with
a view to furnish suitable accommodations for tho
post office, United States courts and judiciary, and
the officers of the internal revenue, the estimated
cost of which is §35,000, which I believe will furnish
the desired accommodations in the most economical
and satisfactory manner, and which are herewith,
submitted for your approval.
Very respectfully, A. B. MULLETT,
Assistant Supervising Architect.
Hon. Hugh McCulloch, Secretary of the Treasury.
Treasury Department, March 2,1866.
Sir: Upon the receipt of your letter inclosing the
memorial of the city council of Bangor, Maine, re-
questing an extension of the custom-house at that
place, I caused the proper investigationsto be made,
and believe, after a careful examination of the case,
that the public interests demand the extension asked
for. I therefore recommend that an, appropriation
of S35,000 be granted for that purpose-
Inclosed please find copies of the papers in rela-
tion to the case, and of the report of the architect of
this Department.
Very respectfully, II. MCCULLOCH,
Secretary of the Treasury,
Hon. E. B.Washburne, Chairman of the Committee on
Commerce, House of Representatives.
Office of the United States Attorney,
District op Maine, Portland.
I have the honor to represent that the room over
the custom-house at Bangor, used as a court-room
for the Unitod States district court, is scandalously
inconvenient and unfit for such purpose. It is too-
small for the accommodation of the officers of the
court, to say nothing of the public. It is low, uuven-
tilated, and from faults of construction incapable of
ventilation. Citizens of Bangor who have happened
into the room while court was in session, and seen
the judge, officers, and jurors sweltering and pant-
ing in the hot weather of July, have begged, for the
honor of their city, that we would accept the use of
the county court building, which it hasnot often been
in our power to do, because the State court was fit-
ting simultaneously. The only light admitted to any
of the rooms upon the upper story is by a few low
windows close to the floor, and liaid up, externally,
under the eaves of the building. There has not been
a year, since I have been in office, that I have not
strained and injured my eyesight by the consider-
able amount of writing of minutes of testimony and
indictments that I have been required to do m tha
United States court-room and tho adjoining ante-
rooms. In my opinion the building at Bangor should
bo remodeled, so as to give wider, higher, better ven-
tilated, and better lighted rooms for the accommo-
dation of tho United States court.
GEORGE F. TALBOT,
Attorney of the United States for Maine District.
District of Maine :
We concur fully with the opinion above expressed
by the district attorney, as to the inconvenience of
the United States court-room at Bangor, on account
of its smallness and lack of sufficient light and venti-
lation, and respectfully urge such alterations* in tho
