1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3797
founding as shall make these rooms more suitable for
the purpose for which they were built.
CHARLES CLARK,
United States Marshal.
WILLIAM P. PREBLE,
Clerh United States District Court.
I concur in the general representations of the <lis-
Itrict attorney as to the inconvenience of the court-
rooms at Bangor. If alterations are made m the
^building, a room much more convenient and suita-
ble might bo made at little expense. The present
room is hot and very ill-ventilated, and the court
sitting in high summer makes it hot and almost suf-
focating. ASHUR WARE,
Judge United States District Court, Maine.
House op Representatives,
Washington City, January 8,1866.
Sir: I have the honor to submit for your consid-
eration the memorial of the mayor, aldermen, and
common council of the city of Bangor, Maine, asking
for additional office accommodations for tho United
States officials in that city. A draught and plan has
been recently made in your Department for the en-
largement of the custom-house, to meet the neces-
sity, but estimates of the expense have not been
made, and cannot be witbfcmy degree of understand-
ing and accuracy without personal inspection ot the
site and premises by a competent architect and en-
gineer. I respectfully a k that such competent per-
son may be detailed by you to examine and report
upon the subject, as well tor your own information
as to enable Congress to act understandingly upon
the memorial referred to.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JOI£N II. RICE.
Hon. Hugh McCulloch, Secretary of the Treasury.
The amendment of Mr. Humphrey was
agreed to.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill.
Mr. O'NEILL. I am authorizedby the Com-
mittee on Commerce to offer the following
amendment:
Insert after line one hundred and forty-three the
following: .
To provide additional station-houses, life-boats,
and other appliances for the better preservation of
life and property from shipwreck along the coast ot
New Jer^y, between Sandy Hook and Little Egg
Harbor. $10,000; and for repairing and relighting
the light-house on Tucker's Beach, on the coas>t ot
New Jersey, $0,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill.
Mr. KASSON. The paragraph embracing
lines two hundred and sixty-six to two hun-
dred and seventy-one is in the present form
somewhat imperfect in its language. I move
to amend by striking out the words " at a sum
not to exceed"' and inserting after the word
dollars" the words kior so much thereof as
may be necessary;" so that the paragraph will
read as follows:
For care, support, and medical treatment of sixty
transient paupers, medical and surreal patients. m
some proper medical iiiM itution in the city ot \v a?u-
ington, under a contract to be formed with such in-
stitution by the Commissioner of 1 ublic Buildings,
$12,000, or so much thereof as may be necessary.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to ask my
colleague what is the object of the provision
contained in this paragraph. I would like to
have some explanation of it.
Mr. KASSON. We have been m the habit
annually of making an appropriation for this
purpose. Some such appropriation is always
required. Many soldiers, coming to_ Washing-
ton to collect some claim or something 01 that
kind, become destitute while here and they are
permitted to find refuge in some institution
under regulations provided by the Department.
Besides, there are other creatures who humanity
dictates should be cared ior. i
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. ^ hy is the num-
ber limited to sixty?
Mr. KASSON. Simply because there is an
express agreement with an institution m this
city to take that number at a cost not exceed-
ing the sum named m the bill.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. If only one _hall
the number should be received, will the insti-
tution still receive the same amount?
Mr KASSON. It receives only so much as
it is 'entitled to under the arrangement made
with it by the Department.
The amendment of Mr. Kasson was agreed to.
The Clerk continued the reading of the bill,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, I move to
amend by inserting after the word "closets, '
in line two hundred and eighty, the words
"for putting a proper number of water-closets
in the upper story of the Representatives
Chamberalso by striking out in the two hun-
dred and eighty-fourth line the word " eight"
and inserting "twelve;" so that the paragraph
will read:
For annual repairs of the Capitol water-closets; for
putting a proper number of water-closets in the up-
per story of the Representative.-;' Chamber: for stables,
water-pipes, pavements and other walks within the
Capitol square, broken glass, and locks, and for the
protection of the building, and keeping the main ap-
proaches to it unencumbered, in addition to the sale
of old material, $12,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk continued the reading of the bill.
Mr. KELLEY. In the absence of the chair-
man of the Committee on the Library, [Mr.
Hayes,] who is to-day detained from the House
by indisposition, I am instructed by the com-
mittee to move to amend by inserting after line
four hundred and thirty-three the following:
For contingent fund for Joint Committee on the
Library, $5,000.
Mr. STEVENS. I understand the gentle-
man to say that this amendment is reported
from the Committee on the Libraiy.
Mr. KELLEY. It is. The last appropria-
tion for this contingent fund was made as long
ago as 1856; and the fund is now exhausted
within, I think, two hundred and fifty or three
hundred dollars.
Mr. STEVENS. I was aware that this fund
was nearly exhausted, and I expected such a
proposition as this.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk continued the reading of the bill.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move to strike
out the following:
Currency Printing Bureau:
Eor the purpose of erecting on the public land ad-
jacent to the Treasury Department, a fire-proof brick
building of sufficient capacity to accommodate the
Currency Printing Bureau, and also to aiford to the
Treasury additional room for storage, ^200,000.
I think if the members would take up and
read the testimony taken by the committee
which investigated this department some two
years ago, they would be satisfied that unless
some change is. made in the superintendency
of it they ought not to agree to this appropria-
tion thereby rendering it a permanent depart-
ment of the Government. I hope it will be
stricken out.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted. The Treasury Depart-
ment is anxious that this appropriation should
be made. The papers of the Internal Revenue
Bureau are now kept in a hired building which
is not fire-proof. The committee agree to
the propriety of having this fire-proof building
erected for the purposes of this Printing Bureau
as well a3 for the safe-keeping of these papers.
The necessity is urgent. We are now paying
§23,000 a year for the rent of the house now
occupied by the Internal Revenue Bureau. It
is not a fire-proof building, and a firc-pi'OOi
building is necessary. The committee unani-
mously recommended the appropriation.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There may
be something in the matter of having a lire-
proof building to protect the papers of the
Treasury Department, but 1 am unwilling to
have anything go into this bill which IooaS hku
a perpetuation of tliis Printing Bureau. I hope
the gentleman will consent to strike out that
part of the clause, and let it provide omy lor
additional room for storage.
Mr. KASSON. J send up a letter ol the
Secretary to be read, showing the necessity ior
this.
The Clerk read as follows:
The why Department, May 23,1803. ^
Sin- Allow me to call your attention and that of
the Committee on Appropriations to {.heeireumstance
that the office of Internal Kcrcnu^tu tceorOj.
bonds, and vouchers ior at least ^4UU,0w,UlX), ih now
located in a building not fire-proof and which is not
tWnvovjertv of the Government. . .
In case of the total destruction of the building m
aucstioubyfhe.adircctloastothoGov^^^^^
it- is vem-esented to me, be several million.-, line ino
there is no spaco available ill this bundm= lor its a
eommodation. If, however, the Currency Printing
Bureau and tbe space occupied for storage could be
transferred from the Treasury to some other adjacent
building, properly constructed and fitted up, the offices
of tho Internal Revenue could be brought back to its
original location, thus avoiding tho danger above
pointed out and greatly facilitating the transaction
of the business of the whole Department.
I therefore respectfully suggest to tho Committee
on Appropriations the expediency of authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to erect onthepublicland
adjacent to the Treasury Department a fire-proof
brick building of sufficient capacity to accommodate
the Currency Printing Bureau, and to also afford to
the Treasury additional room for storage.
Tho estimates of tho architect of the Treasury,
which I herewith transmit, indicate that an appro-
priation of §200,000 will be necessary to defray tho
expenditure required for the erection of such a build-
ing, and I would respectfully request that an appro-
priation for that amount and for such piypose be
recommended to Congress hy the committee.
I am, very respectfully, H. McCULLOCH,
Secretary of the freasury.
Hon.TnADDEUS Stevens, . .
Chairman Committee 6n Appropriations.
Mr. STEVENS. Let the clause read as
follows:
Currency Printing Bureau:
For the purpose of Greeting on the public land ad-
jacent to thoTrcasury Department, a fire-proof brick
building, to be under the direction of the Secretary
of the Treasury, to also afford to the Treasury addi-
tional room for storage, $200,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The chair-
man substantially agrees to the amendment I
have suggested. I ask that it shall read as
follows:
Currency Printing Bureau:
Eor the purpose of erecting on the public land ad-
j aocnt to the Treasury Department,_a firo-prooi brick;
building of sufficient capacity to aliord to the .treas-
ury additional room forstorage and the preservation
of papers, &c.
Mr. STEVENS. Strike out the part in ref-
erence to storage, as they want to put clerks
in there. ,,
Mr. "WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Very well.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
strike out the heading.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reduce the appropriation to $100,000.,
The amendment was disagreed to.
The question recurring on tho motion of Mr.
Wilson, of Iowa, to strike out the paragraph,
it was not agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I movo
to amend by adding the following:
And the legal representatives of the corporations
of Washington and of Georgetown and the portion
of the county of "Washington mthoDist.nct of Co-
lumbia not included in said corporations be, and they
ore herebv directed to provide and suitably iurnisli,
without delay, a suitable room for the usa ot tho
orphans' court, and two contiguous rooms and a lire-
1 f    Af+!1nvnfK-torn W) Ism fllHI TOl*
be incurred in OAv-vtii/i",* —- • — - , ,,
tions of Washington and Georgetown, and .the levy
court in tho comity of Washington, in the District ot
Columbia, are hereby authorized and directed to lovy
and coll ect a suitable tax upon the property embraced
within their respective juusdictions.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill.
The following clause was read:
For surveying the public lands in Nevada, at rates
not, exceeding fifteen dollars per lineal mile lor stand-
ard lines, twelve dollars lor township, and ten uollaia
for section linen, $15,000.
Mr. McRUER. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the word "twelve" and inserting
"fourteen;" also by striking out ten and
inserting "twelve so that it wnlread four-
teen dollars for township and twelve dollars
for section lines." I have in my hand a letter
from the United States surveyor general ot tho
State of California, in which he says that tho
present rates in California, which are fourteen
dollars and twelve dollars, are as low as this
work can be done. I believe this amendment
meets the approbation of the chairman" ot the
Committee on Appropriations, and 1 hope it
will bo adopted.
Mr. ST15 VENS. According to the best in-
formation we have had, the committee agreed
to report the old rates, but the surveyor gen-
eral since that has thought that somo small
change was necessary. I do not profess to be
informed, and therefore I have nothing further
to say.
