3798
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 13,
Mr. McRUER. The surveyor general says
that—
"In the present condition of the country these
prices are as low as deputy surveyors can live at the
business. They are compelled to pay gold tot assist-
ance and other expenses, while they are paid mgreen-
backs. As long as the currency continues in the pres-
ent condition prices in California and Nevada ought
not to be changed."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, I would
like to know upon whose suggestion this re-
duction of the rates was made. The Commis-
sioner of the Land Office had all the informa-
tion before him, I suppose, before he came to
the conclusion that this was a sufficient rate to
enable him to get this work done.
Mr. BIDWELL. Mr. Chairman, surveying
in California is different from what it is in
most States and Territories. It is very im-
portant to our State that the surveying should
be carried on as fast as possible, in order to
settle conflicting land titles. If there is one
thing more than another that is important to
our State it is that this should be done. What
has brought us most into trouble has been the
want of surveys for the purpose of adjusting
land titles. We are so situated that it is fre-
quently almost impossible to obtain surveyors.
We are suffering from spasmodic emigration.
New mining localities are discovered which
call away sometimes ten or fifteen or twenty
thousand of our people; consequently all kinds
of service rule higher there than elsewhere.
The old rates paid, as they necessarily must
be in the surveying of the country, are said by
those who know, and among them the United
States surveyor general for California, who is
entirely reliable, to be so low that it would be
almost impossible to get surveying done. I
hope, therefore, that the rates will be changcd
as proposed by the amendment of my col-
league.
Mr. KASSON. I ask the gentleman if he
has any information from the Commissioner
of the General Land Office. I will state to
the gentleman frankly that my objection to this
change .being made is, that it is not in a con-
dition to be revised by our committee. In other
words, we have no communication from the
Commissioner of the Land Office on the sub-
ject, to whom the report of the surveyor gen-
eral should have come, in order to justify our
action in a regular way.
Mr. BIDWELL. My colleague has a letter
from the surveyor general.
Mr. KASSON. But it does not come through
the Commissioner of Public Lands to enable
him to adjust ati equal system for all the States
and Territories, and I suggest to the gentleman
whether it would not be better to wait and get
a recommendation from the Land'Offiee.
Mr. BIDWELL. It is very important that
surveys should be carried on as fast as possible.
Mr. HENDERSON'. I bear my testimony
in behalf of the necessity of keeping up the
old rates of surveying. I wish to say to the
House that there is a great amount of suffering
at the present time on the Pacific coast for
want of surveying. I received a letter yesterday
from the surveyor general of Oregon stating that
there are settlements of forty miles in extent in
which there is not a particle of land surveyed,
and that at least $100,000 are needed to carry on
thesurveyinginthatState alone. Now, the point
I make is this, that at these old rates surveying
cannot be done. Surveyors cannot be got to do
the work unless the rates are at least as high as
the amendment proposes. The country is being
settled up and the surveying needs to be com-
pleted. Public as well as private welfare de-
mands it. I have a very high opinion of the
Commissionerofthe General Land Office, butl
must say that his policy has been too stinted
and close in reference to the public surveys on
elicit coast
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
say one word. The amendment of the gentle-
man from California changes the whole tenor
of this bill, and I am certain the committee is
not inclined, without further information, to
override a bill drawn up by the Commissioner
of the General Land Office fixing these rates.
The Commissioner is in a position to know
what suitable rates are, and what the survey-
ing can be done for, and he has drawn up this
bill in conformity with that knowledge, and for
us now to override what he and the Committee
on Appropriations have done would be very
improper, in my judgment.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the amendment.
Mr. HIGBY. I move, pro formd, to strike
out '' fifteen," in the first line, and insert'! six-
teen." I do not know what higher authority
the Commissionerof the Land Office can have
than that which comes through the surveyor
generals of the States of California and Ne vada.
He would be very likely to go to them to get
the prices, for the simple reason that a great
portion of this work has not been doneby the
surveyor general himself, but by deputies and
employes under him. And I will remark another
thing: this does not contemplate an increase
of the amount of the appropriation. There is
no alteration in the amount, and I have it from
the surveyor general himself that he thinks the
gross amount will be sufficient for this year.
The only question is as to the prices to be paid
to these. men who do the work. If we go to
the Land Office there will be no other infor-
mation obtained than what comes from the
reports received from California through the
surveyor general there.
Mr. BOUTWELL. It seemsto methegreat
objection to this amendment is this: if the
surveyor general of California and Nevada
knew or had reason to believe that the work
could not be done at these prices, he should
have made his report to his superior, through
whom the information would come to this
House. To act upon information contained
in a letter of an officer of the Government
presented here in an irresponsible way is
the most unsafe of all modes of legislation.
Mr. HENDERSON. I want to say that the
recommendation of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office does not come up to the
recommendation of the officer on the Pacific
coast. When the officer asks for §30,000 for
public surveys the Commissioner cuts it down
to S15,Q00; and when he asks twelve or fourteen
dollars for section lines, it is cut down to ten
dollars. The Commissioner does not give them
what they ask for. And then for gentlemen to
get up here and say that they know better than
we do is a perfect absurdity, for we know the
work cannot be done. This House and the
Commissioner of the General Land Offiee may
do as they see fit; but we know that these facts
exist.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
rise for the purpose of closing debate on this
section, or these lines will run into other regions
"than California.
Several Members. We will take the vote now.
Mr. HIGBY. I withdraw my amendment.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. McRueb, it was disagreed to.
The Clerk resumed the reading.
The following clause was read:
For surveying public lands in Oregon, at rates not
exceeding fifteen dollars per lineal mile for standard
lines, twelve dollars for township, and ten dollars for
section lines, S15,000.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move to strike out
"$15,000" and to insert "$30,000." That is
considerably less than was asked for.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill.
Mr. DONNELLY. I move to amend the
bill by inserting after line four hundred and
eighty-seven the following:
For surveying the public lands in Idaho Territory,
at rates not exceeding fifteen dollars per lineal mile
for standard lines, ten dollars for township lines, and
eight dollars for section lines, $15,009.
For compensation of the surveyor general of Idaho
and the clerk in his office, $6,400.
For rent of surveyor general's office in Idaho, fuel,
books, stationery, and other incidental expenses, in-
cluding pay of messenger, $1,500.
I desire to explain that since the estimates
were furnished upon which this bill has been
based a bill has passed Congress and been ap-
proved by the President, (House bill No. 391,)
providing for the establishment of a surveyor
general's district in Idaho.
Mr. KASSON. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman that there are several cases of that kind
to be provided for, aud the Committee on Ap-
propriations intend to report them, so far as
known, in the general deficiency bill, the only
remaining bill. I suggest to the gentleman to
defer his amendment until we reach that bill.
Mr. DONNELLY. If that is the case I will
withdraw my amendment at the present time.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to strike out the
paragraph relating to the publication of census
returns, as follows:
For defraying the expenses of preparing for publi-
cation a statistical classification of the eighth cersus
returns, and for the publication of a supplemental
volume of the eighth census prior to second session
of Thirty-Ninth Congress, in part, §12,920, being for
the annual compensation of the existing force of
seven census clerks and oi^ laborer.
I rather think it better be out, and if the Sen-
ate want it in, they can put it in.
The motion to strike out was agreed to.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill.
The following was read:
For the purchase, inclosure, and preservation of a
parcel of ground at Des Moines, the capital of Iowa,
as a site for the erection of a building for the use of
Federal courts and for other Federal offices, SI5,000,
orso much thereof as may be necessary, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
inquire if there are any public buildings there
now.
Mr. KASSON. This is to provide for the
usual site, as we have always done for build-
ihgs in the capitals of western States.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I want to
know what the usual site is. I understand that
there are no public buildings there.
Mr. KASSON. This is the same provision
we have habitually passed for the capitals of
western States for the accommodation of the
United States officers. It is recommended by
a letter of the Secretary of the Interior as
needed for the public service.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I under-
take to say that there is no such legislation
found on record. When Congress desires to
have a public building built it makes an appro-
priation of so much money for the purchase of
the ground and the erection of the building.
This is a side entrance, to get the ground in
the first place, and then they will come here
for an appropriation for the building.
Mr. KASSON. I supposed this would meet
the approbation of the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Washburxe,] as he has asked for
$50,000 for his State.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, i did not
ask anything of the kind.
Mr. KASSON. It is in the bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I appeal to the well-known
liberality of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Washburxe] not to object to this provision.
[Laughter. ]
Mr. WASHBURNE,- of Illinois. I am very
much obliged to the gentleman for the acknowl-
edgment, which is properly due. But I must
move to strike out this paragraph.
The motion to strike out was not agreed to. .
Mr. COBB. I move to amend this section
by adding the following:
For the purpose of renewing the appropriation for
building a court-house at Madison,"Wisconsin, $50,000,
or so much thereof as has not been expended.
And I ask consent to make a short explana-
tion of the amendment which I have offered.
In 1856 an appropriation was made by Con-
gress to build a court-house for the accommo-
dation of the circuit and district courts of the
United States at Madison, the capital of Wis-
consin. This exact sum of $50,000 was then
appropriated. For some reason or other en-
tirely unknown to me, though I think I can
guess it, the Administration declined or nog-
"lected to expend any part of that appropria-
tion, and consequently it lapsed. For some
reason or other the appropriation has never
been renewed. I now simply ask to have it
renewed, so that the matter may be placed
