398
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 26,
39tii Cons.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
the President, per sixth article treaty twenty-
second January, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, seven thousand five hundred dollars.
For seventh of twenty installments for the
establishment, and support of an agricultural
and industrial school, and to provide said
school with a suitable instructor or instruct-
ors, per fourteenth article treaty twenty-sec-
ond January, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
three thousand dollars.
For seventh of twenty installments for the
establishment and support of a smith and car-
penter shop, and to furnish them with the neces-
sary tools, per fourteenth article treaty twenty-
second January, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, five hundred dollars.
For seventh of twenty installments for the em-
ployment of a blacksmith, carpenter, farmer,
and physician who shall furnish medicines for
the sick, per fourteenth article treaty twenty-
second January, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, four thousand six hundred dollars.
Makah Tribe.
For first of four installments of thirty thou-
sand dollars, (being the fourth series,) under
the direction of the President, per fifth article
treaty January thirty-first, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, one thousand five hundred dollars.
For seventh of twenty installments for the
support of an agricultural and industrial school,
and for pay of teachers, per eleventh article
treaty thirty-first January, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, two thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
For seventh of twenty installments for sup-
port of a smith and carpenter's shop, and to
provide the necessary tools therefor, per elev-
enth article treaty thirty-first January, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
For seventh of twenty installments for the
employmentofa blacksmith, carpenter, farmer,
and physician who shall furnish medicines for
the sick, per eleventh article treaty thirty-first
January, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, four
thousand six hundred dollars.
Walla- Walla, Cayuse, and Umatilla Tribes.
For second of five installments of second
series, to be expended under the direction of
the President, per second article treaty ninth
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, six thou-
sand dollars.
For seventh of twenty installments for the
purchase of all necessary mill fixtures and me-
chanical tools, medicines and hospital stores,
books and stationery for schools, and furniture
for the employ6s, per fourth article treaty ninth
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, three
thousand dollars.
For seventh of twenty installments for the
pay and subsistence of one superintendent of
farming operations, one farmer, two millers,
oue blacksmith, one wagon and plow maker,
one carpenter and joiner, one physician, and
two teachers, per fourth article treaty ninth
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, eleven
thousand two hundred dollars.
For seventh of twenty installments for the
•ay of each of the head chiefs of the Walla-
Valla, Cayuse, and Umatilla bands, the sum
of five hundred dollars per annum, per fifth
article treaty ninth June, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, one thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
For seventh of twenty installments for salary
for the son of Pio-pio-mox-mox, per fifth arti-
cle treaty ninth June, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, one hundred dollars.
Yakama Nation.
For second of five installments, of second
series, for beneficial objects, at the discretion
of the President, per fourth article treaty
ninth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
eight thousand dollars.
For seventh of twenty installments for the
support of two schools, one of which is to be
pa
W;
an agricultural and industrial school, keeping
in repair school buildings, and for providing
suitable furniture, books, and stationery, per
fifth article treaty ninth June, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
For seventh of twenty installments for the
employment of one superintendent of teaching
and two teachers, per fifth article treaty ninth'
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, three
thousand two hundred dollars.
For seventh of twenty installments for the
employment of one superintendent of farming
and two farmers, two millers, two blacksmiths,
one tinner, one gunsmith, one carpenter, and
one wagon and plow maker, per fifth article
treaty ninth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, nine thousand four hundred dollars.
For seventh of twenty installments for keep-
ing in repair saw and flouring mills, and for
furnishing the necessary tools and fixtures, per
fifth article treaty ninth June, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
For seventh of twenty installments for keep-
ing in repair the,hospital, and providing the
necessary medicines and fixtures therefor, per
fifth article treaty ninth June, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, three hundred dollars.
For seventh of twenty installments for the
pay of a physician, per fifth article treaty
ninth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
one thousand four hundred dollars.
For seventh of twenty installments for keep-
ing in repair the buildings required for the
various employes, aud for providing the neces-
sary furniture therefor, per fifth article treaty
ninth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
three hundred dollars.
For seventh of twenty installments for the
salary of sucli person as the said confederated
tribes and band of Indians may select to be
their head chief, per fifth article treaty ninth
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, five hun-
dred dollars.
Nez Perce Indians.
For second of five installments of second
series for beneficial objects, at discretion of
the President, per fourth article treaty June
eleventh, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, eight
thousand dollars.
For seventh of twenty installments for the
support of two schools, one of which to be an
agricultural and industrial school, keeping in
repair school building, and for providing suit-
able furniture, books, aud stationery, per fifth
article treaty eleventh J une, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
For seventh of twenty installments for the
employment of one superintendent of teach-
ing and two teachers, per fifth article treaty
eleventh June, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, three thousand two hundred dollars.
For seventh of twenty installments for keep-
ing in repair blacksmiths', tin-smiths', gun-
smiths', carpenters', and wagon and plow
makers' shops, and for providing necessary
tools therefor, per fifth article treaty eleventh
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, five hun-
dred dollars.
For seventh of twenty installments for the
employment of one superintendent of farm-
ing and two farmers, two millers, two black-
smiths, one tinner, one gunsmith, one carpen-
ter, and one wagon and plow maker, per fifth
article treaty eleventh June, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, nine thousand four hundred dol-
lars.
For seventh of twenty installments for keep-
ing in repair saw and flouring mill, and for
furnishing the necessary tools and fixtures
therefor, per fifth article treaty eleventh June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, five hundred
dollars.
For seventh of twenty installments for keep-
ing in repair the hospital, and providing the
necessary medicines and furniture therefor, per
fifth article treaty eleventh June, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, three hundred dollars
For seventh of twenty installments for pay of
a physician, per fifth article treaty eleventh
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, one thou-
sand four hundred dollars.
For seventh of twenty installments for keep-
ing in repair the buildings for the various em-
ployes, and for providing the necessary furni-
ture therefor, per fifth article treaty eleventh
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, three
hundred dollars.
For seventh of twenty installments for the
salary of such person as the tribe may select
to be their head chief, per fifth article treaty
eleventh June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
five hundred dollars.
For first of four installments to enable the
Indians to remove and locate upon the reser-
vation, to be expended in plowing land and
fencing lots, as per first clause fourth article
treaty of June ninth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-three, for the fiscal year ending June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven,
seventy thousand dollars.
For the purchase of agricultural implements,
including wagons and carts, harness, cattle, and
sheep, or other stock, as may be deemed most
beneficial, as per second clause fourth article
treaty of June ninth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-three, fifty thousand dollars.
For the erection of a saw and flouring mill,
to be located at Kamia, as per third clause
fourth article treaty of June ninth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-three, ten thousand dollars.
For first of the sixteen installments for board-
ing and clothing the children who shall attend
the schools, providing the schools and board-
ing-houses with necessary furniture, the pur-
chase of necessary wagons, teams, agricultural
implements, tools, and so forth, and for fen-
cing of such lands as may be needed for garden-
ing and farming purposes for the schools, as
!! per fourth clause fourth article treaty of June
|| ninth, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, for
j! the fiscal year ending June thirty, eighteen hun-
1 j dred and sixty-seven, six thousand dollars.
For building two churches, as per fifth clause
:i fourth article treaty of June nine, eighteen
! hundred and sixty-three, two thousand five
hundred dollars.
For salary of two subordinate chiefs, as per
fifth article treaty of June ninth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-three, for the fiscal year ending
June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven, one thousand dollars.
For the erection of buildings for the subor-
dinate chiefs, and to plow and fence the land
for said chiefs, as well as to procure the neces-
sary furniture, and to complete and furnish the.
house, and so forth, of the head chief, as per
fifth article treaty of June ninth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-three, two thousand fiv e hundred
dollars.
For the erection of two school-houses, in-
cludingboarding-houses, and the necessary out-
buildings, as per first clause fifth article treaty
of June ninth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
three, ten thousand dollars.
For the erection of a hospital and providing
the necessary furniture, as per second clause
fifth article treaty of June ninth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-three, twelve hundred dollars.
For the erection of a blacksmith shop, to be
located at Kamia, to aid in the completion of
the smith's shop at the agency, and to purchase
the necessary tools, iron, steel, and so forth,
as per third clause fifth article treaty of June
ninth, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, two
thousand dollars.
For the erection of houses for ernploy6s, re-
pairs of mills, shops, and sb forth, and provid-
ing necessary furniture, tools, and materials,
as per fourth clause fifth article treaty June
ninth, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, three
thousand dollars.
For salary of two matrons to take charge
of the boarding schools, two assistant teach-
ers, one farmer, one carpenter, and two mill-
ers, as per fifth article treaty of June ninth,
