1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1879
the means.of drunkenness are furnished here
to whosoever see fit to avail themselves of them.
Of course the passage of this resolution will
not suppress drunkenness in the Capitol, be-
cause whoever is inclined to drink -will furnish
the means of becoming drunk; but it will boji
condemnation of the practice, and so far as the
Capitol is concerned it will be a purging of the
biiilding and grounds of the article that leads
to such disgraceful results here. 1 hope the
amendment will not be adopted, but that the
Commissioner of Public Buildings will be or-
dered to direct the suppression of this practice
at once, and that the officers named in the
amendment will not be incumbered by giving
them a part of his duty to perform. If it should
become necessary it would still further be the
duty of the Senate to order that no liquor or
intoxicating drinks should be brought upon the
premises by any person whatever, and even
making it penal to do it. There can be no
greater disgrace before God and man than per-
sons sent here to make laws for a nation boast-
ing high civilization appearing in a state of
intoxication. I hope that this short step to-
ward the end of such disgrace will be taken,
and that the authority will not be divided, but
that the Commissioner will be ordered at onco
to suppress the abuse.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not concur in the
opinion entertained by the Senator from Cal-
ifornia. On the contrary, I trust the Senate
will adopt the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Rhode Island. It is not dividing
authority. The proposition does not look to
any such thing as that. It looks to the direc-
tion being given by the Presiding Officers of the
two bodies, but that direction is to be executed
by the Commissioner of Public Buildings. 1
am wholly unwilling, as a Senator, to surrender
any authority that we have hitherto exercised,
and that has been exercised ever since the
foundation of the Government, over our own
wing of the Capitol. Is there any reason why
we should take it away from our President ?
Is it not admitted on all hands that no liquor
has been sold in this wing of the Capitol since
he has been Presiding Otlieer ? Why then
should we change 1 he rule that has hitherto
existed on this subject, and say that another
officer appointed by the President of the Uni-
ted States, over whom we have no control
whatever, shall have the police management in
this wing of the Capitol? I see no occasion
for any change on this subject. We are told
that in some oilier portions of the Capitol
liquor is sold. Very well; make it imperative
upon your President and the Speaker of the
House of Representatives to direct the execu-
tive officer to see that no liquor shall be sold,
but do not take away from yourselves and from
your Presiding Officer the power that has hith-
erto always been exercised. 1 see no occasion
for it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I do not know but that
it would be well for the sober Senator from
California to indulge himself somewhat more
in generous wine ; and J do not know but that
it would be of service to the Senator from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Gtahkj] and I am sure it
would have a kindly influence upon the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson-.] 1
think all these propositions, all these, regula-
tions, all tins style of determining liberties that
ought to be common to all men, by virtue of
ismatieal influences, is wrong, and I utterly pro-
test against it. I think it was well when we had
oar lunch room in flic Senate Chamber, where
we quietly sat down and drank our wines at our
pleasure. The times have come to be so false
that men dare not say what they honestlythink
to be the truth and the right. That sin of cow-
ardice shall never come to my door. I say the
whole proposition is wrong. Let the Senator
fro.m Massachusetts, if he chooses, drink his
wine, as his fathers did before they cut down
all the apple trees in Massachusetts. Because
apple trees raised apples, and apples made
cider, and cider made brandy, they cut them
down all through New England; but in liis
grandfather's time every gentleman of Massa-
chusetts, or every man who was able to afford
it, had on his side-board a bottle of good apple
brandy and he offered it to his guests the mo-
ment he received them. Those were the good
old times when gentlemen were abounding in
the land. This kind of regulation tends to
degrade humanity and to degrade the dignity
of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Rhode Island, which will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was, in the eighth line of the resolution, after
the words "Commissioner of Public Buildings
and Grounds," to insert the words "under the
direction of the President-of the Senate and the
Speaker of the House of Representativesso
that th? resolution will read:
_ ii'c/iohril Ithe Srmt/c, (tho Il'iu: o of Uoproscnta-
tives ooiK-nn mcr,> That thosaloof snintuousiiqiiors,
wines, and intoxicating drinks of any description
whatever, is heicby piohibitcd in the Oaeitol build-
ing lid grounds; nndil shallhuthodiUyof thd'oni-
m isMon !■ v id Public Buildings and Grounds, under file
direction of the President, ot the Senate and S3>cakcr
of the Hour oof Ilotm'^ontalive;-,immediate!.* ! ecu use
to be moved therefrom, and to iirevcut the sale
hereafter of, those articles m the Capitol building or
ground;-.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the resolution as amended, upon
which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas ft 3, nays 2; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Chandler, Olnrk,
Coilncss, Deoiittle, Edmunds, Festenden, Foster,
Grimes, Guthrie, Hurt-is, Hendricks, Johnson, Kirk-
wood, bane of Indiana, iHoijran, iMoriill, Ncsimth,
Nye, Poland, Vomcioy, tt.unrcv, Ituldle, sherman,
Slewart, Sumner, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wado,
WiUey, Wiliiains, and Wilson—.'Sd.
NAYSTMcws. Davis and jHeDousall—2.
AliSKNT—Messrs. Buekaleiv, Cowan, Craf-'in, Ores-
weil. Dixon, llendeison, llowatd, Howe, bane of
Kansas. Norton, Saulsbury, Sin-ague, Wright, and
Yates—14.
So the resolution was adopted.
KANSAS MILITIA CLAIMS.
Mr. POMEROY. r sliould like the Senate
to proceed to the consideration of the unfin-
ished business of yesterday. We were about
taking a vote upon it when the Senate went
into executive session, and I should like to
have the vole taken at once.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 250) to authorize the
Secretary of Wai to settle the claims of the
State of Kansas for services of tlx? militia called
out by the Governor of that. Slate upon the
request of Major General Curtis, the com-
mander of the United States forces in that
State. It authorizes the Secretary of War to
ascertain the amounts due for services a,dually
rendered and niaieri.il, supplies, and transpor-
tation actually furnished by the militia of the
State of Kansas while in the service of the Uni-
ted States in the year 180-1, and to cause them
to be paid in like manner as if the militia had
been regularly mustered into the scrvicc of the
United States for a period not exceeding thirty
days: and the sum of S2j!>,()00, or so much
thereof as may be necessary, is appropriate^!
to carry the aei, into effect.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear
some explanation of the bill, where it comes
from, and what it is.
Mr. POMEROY. It. is r<-|K>rled fiom the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I should like
some one of the Committee on Military Affairs
to If 11 us what it means.
.Mr. DOOL1TTUE. This bill was reported
from the Committee on Military Affairs, and
accompanying the bill were also reported cer-
! tain papers connected with it stating the facts.
I c-an state very briefly what the facts are.
In 1804 Major General Curtis, then in com-
mand of Kansas, urged upon the Governor of
the Stale of Kansas to call at once to the field
every able-bodied man of the militia. It was
when Price, the head of the rebel army in that
region, w~as in Missouri, and was making his
retreat toward Kansas, and it was believed that
the State of Kansas was going t.o be invaded
by General Price. Pursuant to this request of
General Curtis, the Governor of Kansas did
call out the militia, to the number, I think, of
thirteen or fourteen thousand men; and a por-
tion of them took part in some of the battles
and skirmishes with Price and his army in the
State of Missouri.
As they were not regularly mustered into the
service of the United States, the State of Kan-
sas passed a law, and appointed their adjutant
general, secretary of state, and another officer,
as commissioners to examine and ascertain the
amount, of service which had been rendered by
this militia, and the amount of material fur-
nished by theiu; for, under the direction of the
Governor as well as of Major General Curtis,
these men were required to bring their rations,
to employ their own teams, not to stop for a
change of clothing, but to hurry at once to the
field; and in fact it appeared that directly after
the proclamation, within two days, some of the
regiments were out marching toward the place
of anticipated danger.
These commissioners appointed by the State
went into an examination, receiving vouchers
and proofs. The companies were regularly
Organized and hud muster-rolls of their own,
under the laws of Kansas, as part of the mi-
litia of Kansas. They examined those muster-
rolls, took proofs, and they report an amount
due to the militia for services rendered, i think,
of about one hundred and sixty-five thousand
dollars. They also report an amount duo to
them for transportation, supplies, and mate-
rial furnished by them—forage, blankets, <te.
The committee were unwilling to take this
finding of the commissioners on the part of
Kansas as binding upon the Government, and
therefore they have drawn the bill in this shape
to auihori/.e the Secretary of War to settle
these accounts upon the same basis as if these
men had actually been in the service of the
United States ; and the accounts can be over-
hauled and examined under this direction by
the but cans ol'lhe War Department, the quarter-
master's department, the commissary depart-
ment, and the pay department, and exam-
ined with the same care that, others ate; and
I suppose vouchers will be required by the
Department. U>-satisfy them of what is piovidel
for in the, bill, the actual service tendered, and
the actual material and supplies furnished.
That is the pnrpoitof the bill. The sum fixed
in it—Si!000— is llic sum which was found
by the commissioners of Kansas to be due for
services rendered and supplies furnished. The
commissioners went on and found certain other
damages, damages for property lost in battle,
and damages of various kinds, amounting to
some two hundred and fifty thousand dollars
more, which the committee thought it was not
proper for us to allow, and we rejected it, con-
fining the sum— £i7.),00()—to what, the com-
missioners found to be the amount, of actual
service rendered and supplies famished. That
is the whole of the case, as I understand it.
Mr. POM BUOY. 'The case, I believe, has
been very fairly stated by the Senator from
Wisconsin, excepting that the number of militia
was very much laiirer than what he has ,-iated.
I was with- them, and know of their being in
the sei'iice. the same as the, \oliinteer force
of the State v,-as in service. They were com-
manded by General Curtis, and went through
all the discipline and did all the service that
regular volunteers did. The same was true
of the Missouri militia, for we were all together,
and the Senate have already passed a bill to
reimburse the State of Missouri. This amount,
of course, is much smaller than the State an-
ticipated. It includes nothing but the actual
transportation and aelual supplies furnished.
The question of damage, ana all those other
questions are left out of the bill entirely. I
shall of course be gratified to have the bill
passed as it is, although I still feel that there
is a large sum due the State ; but 1 donor, wish
to dispute with the committee on that question,
ami I hope the bill will pass as it. is.
The bill was leported to the Senate without
