I
1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2839
Mr. INGERSOLL. I may be allowed to
state that some weeks since a formal report
from the civil engineer of the Interior Depart-
ment was presented to the Secretary of the
Interior; and that report showed that an ex-
penditure of $1G,200 would be required for
making the necessary repairs of this bridge.
Mr. STEVENS. I believe we did receive
such a report, but the Commissioner of Pub-
lic Buildings has made an examination in com-
pany with a competent bridge-builder, and they
have reported to the committee tliat $10,000
will be sufficient to do the work.
There being no objection, the joint resolu-
tion was ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time: and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordhiglj' read the thud time and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
a|so moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PKHY1SNTION OF SMUGGLING.
Mr. ELIOT. I move that Senate bill No.
222, entitled "An act further to prevent smug-
gling, and for other purposes,'' now on the
Speaker's table, be ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
riciiard w. meade.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I ask unanimous
consent to introduce a joint resolution refer-
ring the claim of the estate of Richard W.
Meade to the Court of Claims. The Senate,
by its resolution at the last session of Congress,
referred this back to the Court of Claims, but
it was decided that the case must be referred
by joint action of both Houses of Congress. I
do not think there can be any objection to the
reference.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I object. I
think the matter should be referred for exam-
ination.
The joint resolution was introduced, read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
bounties of veteran volunteers.
Mr. BROMWELL. I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce the following bill to compute
the bounties of veterau volunteers so as to
protect the rights of such :
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress as-
sembled, That in computing tho amount of bounty
monoy allowed by any law to veteran volunteers,
the sum of $100 heretofore received by any such vet-
eran as part of his veteian bounty shall be exempt
and in no way deducted from the bounty money al-
lowed him; but that every veteran volunteer shall
receive bounty at the rate of eight and one tliirddol-
lars per month for the time of his service durmg tbe
period of his first enlistment, in addition to and with-
out in any way counting Ins bounty as a veteran.
There was no objection, and the bill was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
additional police force.
Mr. LATHAM, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds be instructed to inquire into the expe-
diency of authorizing the Commissioner of Public
Buildinprs and Grounds to employ additional tempo-
rary police force in and around the Smithsonian
grounds.
armory at rock island.
On motion of Mr. COOK, Senate bill No.
330, making further provision for the establish-
ment of an armory and arsenal of construction,
deposit, and repair on Rock Island, Illinois,
was taken from the Speaker's table, read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
leave of absence.
On motion of Mr. ANCONA, leave of
absence was granted to his colleague, Mr.
Boter, until June 4.
dundas patent.
Mr. CULLOM, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be
requested to communicate to this House whether
any application has been made for the reissue of
the Dundaspatentforcultivators; and if so bywhom,
and at what time, and upon what grounds; and to
transmit to this House copies of all the papers and
documents connected with the applications; and also
to state what cliect it will have upon tho agricultural
interests of the country to reissue said patent and
have the same relate back and cover the essential
improvements mado since the year 1851; and also fur-
ther to communicate whatlegislation isnecessary to
protect the interests of tho public in regard to such
reissues of patents.
Mr. CULLOM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
personal explanation.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Speaker, I rise to a very brief personal expla-
nation, and will consume only a moment. A
few days since, in casual debate in the House,
I referred to some of the recent appointments
in western Pennsylvania, and especially the
case of Colonel Samuel McKelvy, whose name
was sent to the Senate for marshal of western
Pennsylvania. I said in substance that he was
dismissed from the service of the United States
on charges indicating his integrity as a man
and an officer. I made this statement on verbal
information, which I considered perfectly reli-
able at the time. I have since examined the
proceedings of the court-martial and find Col-
onel McKelvy was tried on a single charge,
plead guilty, and was temporarily dismissed ;
but on a full explanation of the whole charge
was restored. As I have no disposition to do
any man injustice I have thought it due to my-
self to make this eoriection.
tax bill.
Mr. MORRILL moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended: and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Dawes in the chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of the special order, being a bill of the
House (No. 51*3) to amend an act entitled
"An act to provide internal revenue to, sup-
port the Government, to pay interest on the
public debt, and for other purposes," approved
June 30, 1864, and acts amendatory thereof.
The pending question was on Mr. ScnENUic's
motion to amend section thirty-three by insert-
ing after the sentence ending with these words,
1! but no compensation shall be allowed to such
inspector for more than one inspection of such
spirits," the words "and no inspector shall
continue on duty at one and the same distillery
for more than sixty days continuously."
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I call up tho following
amendment:
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
On page 103, line twenty-three hundred and thirty-
nine, strike out from the beginning of the liiie to the
end of line twenty-three hundred and fifty-five on
page 104 and insert in lieu thereof the lollowing:
That section one hundred and three be amended by
striking out all after the enacting clause and insert-
ing in lieu thereof the following: that every person,
firm,-company, or corporation owning or possessing
or having the care or management ot any railroad,
canal, steamboat, ship, barge, canal-boat or other
vessel, or any stage-coach or other vehicle engaged
or employed in the business of transporting passen-
gers for lure, or in transporting the mails of the Uni-
ted States upon contracts made prior to tho passage
of this act, shall be subject to and nay a tax of two and
one half per cent, of the gross receipts from passengers
and mails of such railroad, canal, steamboat, ship,
barge, canal-boat, or other vessel, or such stage-coach
or other vehicle: Provided, That the tax hereby im-
posed shallnot be assessed upon receipts for the trans-
portation of persons or mails between the United
States and any foreign port; but such tax shall bo
assessed upon the transportation of person? from a'
port within the United States through a foreign ter-
ritory to a port within the United States, and shall
be assessed upon and collected from persons,
companies, or corporations within tho United States,
receiving hire or pny for such transportation of per-
sons or mails. And so much of section one hun-
dred and nine as requires returns to be made of re-
ceipts hereby exempted from tax when derived from
transporting property for hire is hereby repealed:
Provided also, That any person or persons, firms,
companies, or corporations, owning, possessing, or
having the care or management of any toll-road,
ferry, or bridge, authorized by law to receive toll for
the transit of passengers, beasts, carnages, teams,
and freight of any description, over such toll-road,
ferry, or bridge, shall be subject to and pay a tax
of three per cent, of the gross amount of all their
receipts of every description; but when the gross
receipts of any such bridge or toll-road, for and dur-
ing any term of twelve consecutive calendar months,
shall not exceed the amount necessarily expended
to keep such bridge or road in repair, no tax shall
be assessed upon such receipts during any month
next following any such term: And provided further,
That all such persons, firms, companies, and corpora-
tions shall have the right to add the tax imposed
hereby to their rates of fare whenever their liability
thereto may commence, any limitations which may
exist by law or by agreement with any person or
company which may have paid or be liable to pay
such fare to the contrary notwithstanding: Andpro-
videdfurther, That no tax under this section shall
bo assessed upon any person, firm, company, or cor-
poration whose gross receipts do not exceed §1,000
per annum: And provided further, That boats,
barges, and flats, not used for carrying passengers
nor propelled by steam or sails, which are floated
or towed by tug-boats and used exclusively for car-
rying coal, oil, minerals, or agricultural products to
market, shall be required hereafter in lieu of enroll-
ment fees or tonnage tax, to pay an annual special
tax for cach and every such boat of a capacity ex-
ceeding twenty-five tons, and not exceeding one
hundred tons, five dollars; and when exceeding one
hundred tons as aforesaid shall be required to pay
ten dollars; and said tax shall be assessed and col-
lected as other special taxes provided for in this act.
Mr. MORRILL. The point in dispute was, -
I think, in relation to the right of railroads to
charge the tax on their passenger fares. I
believe it would operate very oppressively not
to allow them in some parts of the country to
charge it, especially horse railroads not now
paying their expenses.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. There is
one amendment accidentally omitted. ' After
the words "transporting passengers for hire"
I move to insert "except hacks or carriages
not running on continuous routes."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I thought it was under-
stood that the amendment I offered was to be
printed with the other amendments.
Mr. MORRILL. The whole matter was
referred to the committee, and we reported
this.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to amend by
striking out that portion which provides that
these corporations may charge to the passen-
gers the amount of this tax. It is the third
proviso.
The question being taken on the motion to
strike out the aforesaid proviso, no quorum
voted.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chairman
appointed Messrs. Farxswortii and Davis.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes sixty-seven, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I would inquire if the ^
amendment, as reported by the committee,
repeals the provision of section ten of the act
of last year.
Mr. MORRILL. That section is already
repealed.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I desire to move an
amendment so as to reserve horse railroads. I
believe the proviso stricken out includes horse
railroads, and there are many of them that
cannot live at the present rates of fare if they
have to pay this tax.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
an amendment by inserting after the words
"tujr-boats" the words "or horses:" so that
it will read, '"which are floated or towed by
tug-boats or horses."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I would inquire
whether it was intended to exempt all boats
carrying mails from, tax upon the receipts from
passengers.
Mr. HOOPER, ofMassachusetts. My amend-
ment simply applied to hacks and carriages not
running on continuous routes.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I think the Mo-
tion as amended will exempt coaches carrying
mails from this tax.
Mr. PIKE. 1 would like to know why these
