1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
815
such regulations, except as to the places of choosing
Senators.''
In determining the pi oper construction to be placed
on tIlls? dau-e of the Federal Constitution, it is im-
portant to inquire, first, what was the object of the
inuncTb of ihal inslrum'mt in ingraftingintoilsiudi a
Toro vision ? Why was it deemed neee^ary and x>roper?
It is hardly possible that there can be two opinions in
regard to this.
The Convention had provided for a Federal Senate
and House of Representatives, in which the legisla-
tive powerof the proposed Government was to reside.
The effective organization and continuance of these
bodies were necessary to the very existence of the
Government under the plan proposed. To have a
Senate and lIou>e of Representatives it was neces-
saiy that member? thereof mur-t be eh-dedat tegular
and feinted period-'; and it was argued with great
force that a majority oi the States, becoming letrac-
tory, might, by the simple act of refusing to provide
the times, placer, and manner of holding elections for
Senators and Representatives, and thereby defeating
the election of the>e officers, suspend the action,^de-
stroy the power, oreven blutoulof existeneethei'ed-
eral Government.
It became necessary, therefore, absolutely neces-
sary, to secure the continued existence and effective-
ness o^'thc l-'cderal Government, to reserve to Congress
the power at any time bv law to make or alter such
regulations. The object was to secuie to the Federal
Government, tor its own safety, the due election of
these ofheei> ; not to confer upon the States, or any
department thereof, any powers whatever, or to in-
terfere in any way with them in then mode of elect-
ing- these officers, as long j5 the exeiuse of this power
was left to the State®. The object manifestly was
simply to leave to the State* the power to determine
the time-, places, and manner of holding these elec-
tion?. until Congress saw proper to exeieise the pow-
ers conferred Uuon if fir that pnipo.-e.
Bat it is aruued that tins power was bv express
terms left, not to the Slate.- .-imph , but to the Legis-
latures thereof, und that thi-i-i-ueh a limitation upon
the people of the Stales thai the\ have no power to
restrict then Legislature- in the excreiseof this risht
confernd upon thorn by the L<Vdeial Constitution;
but 1 .^ubnnt. with all due iexpect, that not only 1 he
history and oh.iect of the section under con-idei ation
but the proper definition of the term " Legi.daliw-e,"
as therein used, show tho fallacy of thi* eon-triietmn.
Tne "Leai>!ature"oi a State, in it* full est and bioad-
est sense, signifies that body in winch all the legisla-
tive puweis of a St.tie reside, and that body is the
people themselves who exercise the elective franchise,
and upon then power of 1 emulation there i* no limita-
tion or let 11 icfion, except such as may be found in the
Federal Con-uitution, or Mich as tlmy may them-el ves
pio\ ide b>* the omanic law of the Slate. When thej-
a-scmL)le in convention, which in huge communities
is fro ill neces-it.v done by the ageiuy of dcfeu.d e-*>r
rouieientatives of the people, tlie whole leu-e In five
power of the State U then vested in -u-.h convention.
It can abolish, or m vrholc or in pail abrogate, the
proceedui ; • oi "the Genei al A--emPh " or " Legl-la-
tiveCoin.ul "or "GeneralCourt,"orv, hatevernun be
the d^miiunei of that suboid.nate body in whu h is
u-uaii v lodged a portion or lesiduum of the U-gh-l a li\ e
powei oi a State. Indeed, the peopJeof aS:ateinight
p. ov.de foi 111r pei iodical assembling of their conven-
tion, wh.eh would exejcisc and nCiioimalj legislative
poweis and duhe- Without the intervention of that
bod \ of limit -d mid re-i i u-f cd powers, popularly called
a L-"eisl >tui e, but winch in the con-tirutions of most
of the Suite.- is called bv some other name. It is
vui i<mdy designatedn "General Assemblv,"a_" Legis-
lative Council." a " General Court,'' and the like, and
is nowhere uudoi-tood 1 o hold in its grasp all the legis-
lative powers of a Siate.
In Missouii, during the late rebellion. Ihe State
convention continued its existence for years, per-
foiming all the ordinary acts of legislation, and its
pow< r to do so ir not questioned. That that was^a
"Legislature" within the *ense of the term as it is
used in this clause of the Federal Constitution will
haidiy be coxilrovcrlcd ; and indeed ever> State con-
vention called by the people to determine the form
of government, or the powers and duties of (he^vari-
ous ouicers thereby created, is a Legislature, and per-
fuim* nia.jv of the oidinary <icls of legu-Iation.^ In-
deed, it is the IjCiwlalnre j>nr cxcpUmrp of the State,
and that other bouv usually created bv it, whether
called a "'General Assemblv," " Geneia] Couit/'or
otnei wijc. i- the creature of 1hi-- paramount Loiri-la-
ture, and is liable to be modified or annihil.ded when-
e\ er this " Legislature '' pioper— ihe convention of a
St'Ue—shall again assemble. Tins -ecundaiy wr suu-
oid-nate bodv tlic? creature of f he organp" law of the
Slate, owes ii« existence to it, and can lightfuily do
nojhui'4 in vontr.ivention of it* piovisions.
It. tiieii. tiu? section of the Ft dei al Cons titiiiion can
be '"opsn-ii'-d to ) eler to this scondary or subordinate
le relative body oi a Si ate, it mu-t be held to mean
that the time, nlace, and manner of holding elections
for Ilot>re*eniativcs t-liail be prescribed in oa< h State
by thr> Legislature ther>of, such Legislature acting
insubordination and in conformity to that organic
law to whif.li i! owe- its own existence. If the Mute
enu-li tut ion h i* fixed no limit af ion. the power of the
Le-zi-la 1 are i- am - do and comph-tc. But if the consti-
tution haMi.vd limits this Legislative cannot tiuu-
ec end them, bur mu-t ac t wit inn the iimils pie-cribed,
{lad if it goes bejoiid thcui its action is to thai extent
ab*olutel\ void.
Ind .>ed, from the adoption of the 1 cderal Constitu-
tion until th"? T.me, it was never bciore contended,
a- in as I :au n-ioji-ied ihci the el..use m question
eonu-rr-'d that oodv m a State ri which vt as
l'fpo:,' 1 t n;U i-'-iduum ot lcc>ish^ti^ c pown\ not exer-
cised bv fpe State c.mvention.^power to act utterly
independent of, and in utter disregard of, the Stale
constitution, by virtuo of which alone it has any exist-
ence. The peoplo have everywhere supposed that I
they had the power to fix a limitation upon the action i
of their Legislature, in determining the times, places, j
and manner of holding elections for all offices. They ,
have exercised this power in most of the States by I
fixing limitations in their State constitutions, and in ,
every instance, I believe, where a conflict has been
found to exist in this lespect between the State consti-
tution and an act of their Legislature, the constitution
ha", by courts and legislative bodies, been sustained,
and the acts of the Legislature, to that extent, held to
be null and void. And this House is now, for the first
time, called upon to decide that in this respect a State
Legislature may override and utterly disregard the
provisions of the very constitution that brings it into
being. 1 admit that if there was an irreconcilable
antagonism between the Federal and State constitu-
tions, in «uch ea*e, there would be ground for the
position taken by the majority of the committee. But
no such antagonism exists. 1 therefore call upon the
House to pause long before they establish a precedent
that will operate as an invitation to the State Legisla-
tures to disregard those wholesome limitations which
the people ha\ e attempted to place around the action
ol their own servants.
This long and undisturbed construction of their
power to fix these limitations upon the action of their
servants, placed upon the constitution by the people
themselves, and by all departments of the Govern- ,1
ment, ought not at this late day to be disturbed, un- ;!
less it is rendered absolutel> neccs.saiy by the very I
terms ot the Constitution itself. ,,
This House has a record ol its own, and has ever !
attempted to adhere to the conrdruclion placed by
itselt in former adjudicated case.- upon the Constitu- ;
lion nndlaws. This is not a new question, a-far as tins ,
House even i5- concerned, it i-, indeed, /•<■-* ku'/v/k <d<i, ■
And we should not, "without \ cry strong lenson*, in- j
deed, depin t from the precedents established by our- ! ]
selves. The*e precedents are all in lavor of the con- : i
struction which I have here placed upon this clause ;[
of'he Constitution. j|
• The ease ot'Sbicl rs\ Thayer, in the Thirty-Seventh |!
Congress, lepofted in Harriett's Cuiitesfed-Fieeuon
Cases, page is directly in point. The syllabus of ji
the cu-c .-ays: ;j
"The constitution of Oregon ha° fixed beyond the ;i
control of its Legislature the time for holding an elec- '!
tion for Itepi eseniatn es in Coniness." j
The report m that ease was made by the then and ■'
now able ehanman of the Committee of Elections, ■[
.Mr. D vwrs, and the light of Mi. Shiel to the seat was 11
placid distinctly on the ground that the people of 'I
Oregon had the light, in their constitution, to fix the 1 <
time for the election of a member of Congress.
"The committee," says the icport, "are ot opinion j
th.it the election held loi Representative in Congress i
on the first Monday in June, 1M0, was held in pur-
suance of, and m conformity with, the constitution J
and laws of Oregon, and that consequently the* on-
te^tant is entitled to the seat.'' And again: "Not- ij
withstanding tin- cou.-tituilonal piovi*ion that gen- ;
oral cleetmns shall be held on the fii^t Monday of ij
June biennially, the Leaa-lature of O epon seem-' to
ha\ e believed that it h.id pu\vu_ to tix another time for >|
the election of llepresentalivein Congress." " "
" The commit tee have not deemed it neces- ,i
sarv to deleimine what those reasons are lor. With o
all due respect to the opinions of the gentlemen com- |!
posing that Legislature, thev are of ojnnion that tins ji
House must, ncveitheloss. be the final .judge of the J
meaning of this el a use of the constitution of Oiegon. ■ j
And, lor the reason stated, the committee have no h
doubt That the com titut ion of the St ate has fixed be- !,
yond the control of the Legislature the time for hold- \
ing an election for Representative in Congress, at the
general election to be held biennially, and that at
su< h election, so held in pursuance of the<onstitu-
tion, the conte-taiit was duly elected.'' And again, i
in the debate in the House on tin* case, Mr, I'Awr.s
?aid, "It occurs to me, sir, that that provi-ion of the
Constitution of the United States which.savs that the
time ami place shall be specified by the Legislature
oi each State, meant simply that they should be fixed
by the constituted authunty of ihe State until Con-
gress it-elf should fix a time for the election in all
the States."
In the ease of Farlee vs. llunk, in the Twenty-Ninth
Congiess, it was held th:<t where there was a conflict
between the State constitution and an act of the Le- j
gislafure in iegard to the place of voting tor Repre-
sentative in Congress the provision of the constitution
was- binding, and the act of the Legislature, so far as
it conflicted with it, was void. (See Barllett's Con-
tested Flection Cases, page 87.) And, without troub-
ling this House with o further citation of authorities,
I respectfully submit that the ruling of the House on
this po'nt has been uniform in every case in which
the que-i ion arose.
Rut admittinr that ihoLegi-Litnro was acting,and
had the light to u< t, by vntue of this section four,
article one. ot the Fedeial Constitution, without ie-
gard to the State constitution, I still submit that all
votes east out of and bejond the State of Michigan
were cast without any due, legal authoritv, and can-
not properly be counted in determining theicsult of
elections in that Slate, for the r<m*on—
Fir-t. It seems to me plain that neither Congress nor
the State Legislature can, under that clause of the
Constitution,fix or prescribe any places of voting lor
any office outside of the district, and especially out-
side of the State, within and for which the officer i*
elected. In the con-traction of al] powers granted,
we niu.-t have reference to the object for wlorh the
power is given. At and before the adoption of the
Constitution,and cvtsince.until within th< la-tfive
\eai>. all voter-, i v<. rvwhere in Ihe Lnited SMtoe-,
Were required to vote within the district and S.ate
for which the officer is elected. At the time oi the
adoption of this clause, it is not easy to suppose that
any one member of tbo Convention for one moment j
thought that they were granting to Congress th e power
to permit citizens to vote outside of the district and
State for which the officers were to be elected. If the
Legislature possesses this power, undoubtedly Con-
gress possesses the same power. And if Congress pos-
sesses the power to pi escribe places of voting outside
of a district or State for a portion of its_citizens, why
not the power to prescribe places of voting outside of
the State for all the citizens thereof ? Why not pre-
scribe that all the citizens of Michigan shall vote in
Chicago for their members of Congress, and ail the
voters of Illinois go to St. Louis to vote for theirs? It
may*be said that this would be a gross abuse of power.
But 1 deny the existence of any rueh power. And
yet. if the power contended for by the committee
exists, the other follows as a necessary consequence.
But the act of the Miehig. n Lecislatiu e (by virtue
of which the votes were cast outside of i he State that
it is proposed to count tor the sitting member) does
not prescribe the place or places ot voting, and con-
sequently the vote- were not cat t in pursuance of any
competent authoiitj. The provision of said statute is
as follows;
" Si:c. 7. At the electionshercin provided for a poll
shall be opened at eveiy place, whether within or
without the State, where a regiment, battalion, bat-
tery, or company of Michigan soldiers may be tound
or stationed, «md at eu< h election all persons may
vote who are thereto entitled by law and by the pro-
visions of this act.''
Now, will imy one pietend that that prescribes a
place oi places of election ? What place or places?
Would a law which piovided that any elector of Mich-
igan should \ ote at any place, within or without the
Scat--, where he might happen to be on the day of
elect i<m, prescribe a place ot \ oting V This is too clem,
t submit with all dcfeienee. to admit of argument.
II Conci e-s oi the Legishitui e ( an prescribe places of
elect uoi outside of the State, I insist that the places
must be named in the act: and that it is no compli-
ance with the constitution to piovide that a man. or
a company of men, may vole at any place where they
may happen to be on the day of election, and that
such a. I a w does not prescribe a place of election at all.
It the abo\ e positions, or any one of them, be correct,
it follows thatall votes ca-st for either Mr. Trowbridge
or M r. Baldwin outside of the State of Michigan were
cast without any authoi itv of law, and cannot propci ly
hi counted in making up the result, and, conse-
quently. that Mr. Baldwin i* entitled to the seat.
1 theiefoie piopose, as a substitute for the resolu-
tion repoited by the committee, the following:
That Hon. Rowland F. Tiowbridgeisnot
entitled to hold the seat now occupied by him in t his
House as allepiescntatn eliom the Stale of Michigan.
It. solvf'L That Augustus C. Raidwin has beui duly
elected as a Representative from the State of Michi-
gan fo the Tlurtv-Xiiith Congies*, and is entitled to
a scut m this House. g_ MARSHALL.
Mr. BEA11AN. Mr. Speaker, ihe question
ljefore us is one in which the people of my State
have felt some intercut. Its presence here ren-
ders it in some degree of national concern ; but
it more espeeiaily alfects the citizens of Michi-
gan, particularly the thousands of bravo men
who lately so generously exposed their lives in
the defence ol our common country. I feel
impelled, therefore, to state the reasons for the
vore f am about to give ; but in doing so, I shall
study hreOty, avoid declamation, and confine
m> obsenalions strictly to the subject under dis-
c ussi< )li.
This question originated under an act of the
Legislature of the State of Michigan, enti'.ied
'■An act to enable the qualified electors of this
State, in the military service, to vote at certain
elections ; and to amend sections forty-five and
sixty-one of chapter six of the compiled laws.-''
approved February 5, 186 b
13y this act. familiarly known as the '''sol-
diers' voting law," every qualified elector of
the State in the military service of the United
States, is authorized to vote at all elections,
■'whether at the time of voting he shall be
within the limits of the State or not." 1 under-
stand that by the stipulation tinder which this
ease is to be heard and determined, all questions
of fraud or irregularity in the proceedings under
the law are ignored, and therefore il seems
unnecessary to look into the details ol ihe act.
The allegation of the contestant is. that the act
itself is in conflict «iih the constitution of the
State, and theiefore void , and that the Mildiers'
\ote, upon v.hich the sitting member's right
to his seat depends, must be rejected.
Ill support of tiii-i position section one of
article seven of the constitution of the State of
Michigan is cited, ill which it is provided that—
"No citizen or inhabitant shall be an elector or
entitled to vote at any election unless he shall be
above the age ot'twenty-ono yeaivand hasre^idt-din
the State three moiiihs and in tin, l<>vY-nshi.!> or w-jrd
in whi'-h he oiVhr* to ^ote ten days next preceding
such election,"
It is insb i ed a -11 lie t ru " construction of this sec-
tion that it was intended to preclude every person
