I860
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
amendment, ordered to be engrossed «for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
_ A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
the following joint resolutions of the Senate
without amendment:
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 44) authorizing
Commodore William Radford to accept a dec-
oration from the King of Italy;
A joint resolution (S. R. Xo. 53) authorizing
Rear Admiral H. Paulding to accept a decora-
tion from the King of Italy; and
A joint resolution (S. R. Xo. 58) respecting
the burial of soldiers who died in the military
service of the United States during the rebel-
lion.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had concurred in the
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H. R.
No. 22o) to amend an act to incorporate the
Mutual Fire Insurance Company of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and to the bill (H. R. Xo.
S60) to reimburse the State of Pennsylvania for
moneys advanced Government for war pur-
poses.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the bill
(S. Xo. 89) to issue American registers to
the steam vessels Michigan and Dispatch, with
amendments, in which it requested the con-
currence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the fol-
lowing bills and joint resolutions, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. Xo. 397) to authorize the coin-
age of live-cent pieces;
A bill (H. R; Xo. 471) to provide that the
, Soldiers' Individual Memorial" shall be ear-
ned -through the mails at the usual rate of
prmted matter;
A bill (H. R. Xo. 249) to establish a land
office in the Territory of Idaho;
A bill (H. K. XTo. 472) for the relief of George
R; Frank, late captain thirty-third regiment
Wisconsin volunteer infantry,"
A joint resolution (H. R. Xo. S3) expressive
of,the thanks of Congress to Major General
Wmheld S. Hancock:
A joint resolution '(H. R. Xo. 107) for the
relief of Rev. Harrison Heermance, late chap-
lain ot the one hundred and twenty-eighth regi-
ment Xew York volunteers; and
_ A joint resolution (H. R. Xo. 10S) appoint-
ing managers for the Xational Asylum for
Disabled Volunteer Soldiers.
PROTECTION OP UNITED STATES OFFICERS.
Mr. CLARK. I move to proceed to the
consideration of House bill Xo. 238, to amend
an act entitled "An act relating to habeas cor-
pics, and regulating judicial proceedings in cer-
tain cases," approved March 3, 1863.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill.
It provides that any search, seizure, arrest,
or imprisonment made, or other trespasses or
wrongs done or committed, or any auts done
or omnted to be done during the rebellion, by
any ofiicer or person, under and by virtue of
any order, written or verbal, general or special,
issued by the President or Secretary of War
or by any military ofiicer of the United States
holding the command of the department, dis-
trict, or place within which such seizure, search
arrest, or imprisonment was made, done, or
committed, or any acts were so omitted to be
done, either by the person or officer to whom
the order is addressed, or by any person aiding
or assisting him therein, shall be held to come
within the purview of the act to which this is
amendatory, and within the purview of the
fourth, fifth, and sixth sections of that act, for
all the purposes of defense, transfer, appeal,
error, or limitation provided therein.
Ihe, second section provides that when the
Order is m writing, it shall be sufficient to pro-
duce in evidence the original, with proof of its
authenticity, or a certified copy; or if sent by
telegraph, the production of the telegram pur-
porting to emanate from the military officer
shall he prima facie evidence of its authenti-
city ; or if the original of such order orlelegram
is lost or cannot be produced, secondary evi-
dence shall be admissible, as in the other cases.
By the second section it is provided that the
right of removal from the State court into the
circuit court of the United States, provided in
the fifth section of the act of March 3, 1863,
may be exercised as well after the appearance
of the defendant and the filing of his plea or
other defense in the State court, or at any
term of that court subsequent to the term when
the appearance is entered, and before? a jury
is impanneled to try the issue; but nothing
in the bill is to be held to abridge the right
of such removal after final judgment in the
State court, nor shall it be necessary in the
State court to offer or give surety for the filing
of copies in the circuit court of the United
States; but on the filing of the petition, veri-
fied as provided in the fifth section of the act
of March 3,1863, the further proceedings in the
State court shall cease, and not be resumed
until a certificate under the seal of the circuit
court of the United States, stating that the
petitioner lias failed to file copies in the circuit
court, at the next term, is produced.
According to the fourth section, if the State
court shall, notwithstanding the performance
of all things required for the removal of the
ease to the circuit court, proceed further in
the cause or prosecution before the certificate
mentioned is produced, then all such further
proceedings shall be void and of none effect;
and all parties, judges, officers, and other per-
sons, thenceforth proceeding thereunder, or
by color thereof, shall be liable in damages
therefor to the ,party aggiieved, to be recov-
ered by action in a court of the State having
proper jurisdiction, or in a circuit court of the
United States for the district in which such
further proceedings may have been had, or
where, the party, officer, or other person so
offending shall be found; and upon a recovery
of damages ,in either court the party plaintiff
shall be entitled to double costs.
The fifth section makes it the duty of the
clerk of the State court to furnish copies of the
papers and files in the case to the party so
petitioning for the removal; and upon the
refusal or neglect of the clerk to furnish such
copies, the party may docket the case in the
circuit court of the United States; and there-
upon the circuit court shall have jurisdiction,
and may, upon proof of such refusal or neglect
of the clerk of the State court, and upon rea-
sonable notice being given to the plaintiff,
require him to file a declaration or petition
therein; and upon his default may order a
non-suit, and dismiss the case at the costs of
the plaintiff, which dismissal shall be a bar to
any further suit touching the matter in contro-
versy.
An amendment was reported by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, to add to the first sec-
tion this clause:  
But no such order shall be a defense to any suit or4
action for any act done or omitted to be done after
the passage of thi3 act.
Mr. CLARK. This bill provides for the
transfer of certain causes which have been
brought in the State courts to the Federal
courts; and it provides also, following the act
of March 3, 1803, that where certain acts have
been done by any order of the President, or
under his authority, made at any time during
the existence of the present rebellion, that
order shall be a defense in all courts "to any
action or prosecution, civil or criminal, pend-
ing, or to be commenced, for any search, seiz-
ure, arrest, or imprisonment, made, done, or
committed, or acts omitted to be done, under
and by virtue of such order, and under color
of any law of Congress."
I here has been a difficulty sometimes in
showing the order of the President, and the
act of 1863 was not thought by the committee
to extend so far as it should extend; and this
bill is for the purpose of extending the act to
certain persons who have done acts under
orders of the President or officers command-
ing a department under whose authority they
were. It is much like the act of 1663, but car-
rying the authority of that act further, which
the committee think should be done at this
time, for the leason that since the rebellion
many suits have been instituted in the States
which have been in rebellion against Federal
officers, which they cannot defend in the State
courts by reason of the construction giveli to
the law in the State courts. The committee
thought it would be well to extend the act to
those officers, and they have concluded to
report an amendment to the bill, which is
the only substantial amendment, that such
a defense shall not be made to any act com-
mitted or done after this time. The commit-
tee think there is no necessity now for any
acts which require a defense of that kind, the
rebellion being substantially terminated; they
therefore propose this amendment in order to
terminate ihe act of 1863 as well as this.
Mr. SAITLSBURY. It is presumed that the
members of the Senate, many of whom are
lawyers, would like to consider well questions
of this kind. I have felt like retiring to my
room and giving up the contest, but there is no
lawyer who can read this bill that does not
know there are very grave and serious objec-
tions to it. I should like an opportunity to pre-
sent those objections, and I shall be prepared
to-morrow to present them. I therefore move
that the further consideration of this subject
be postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. CLxVRK. I hope the consideration of
the bill will not be postponed. The bill has
been deemed of pressing importance; and after
sufficient time has elapsed for its mature con-
sideration, I should hope that it might be passed.
A great many vexatious suits have been brought,
and they are still pending, and instances have
been known—they exist "now—where Federal
officers have been pushed very hard and put to
great hardships and expense, and sometimes
convicted of crime, for doing things which were
right in the line of duty, and which they were
ordered to do and which they could not icfuse
to do. It is but just and right that we should
a_fford to those officers, at the earliest possible
time, ample protection.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I know that my sug-
gestion will not be met with any approval; I
have seen enough of that at the present session;
but I,think there is no great danger to trans-
pire in the next twenty-four hours, and the
Senator from Xew Hampshire need not be
alarmed that any great wrongs can be perpe-
trated or that any great injury is going to be
suffered or endured from that delay. I have
not seen this bill until this moment when I
heard it read. 1 believe, if 1 know anything
of what the law is, that there are great and
grave questions of law involved in the measure.
I know that my utterance is powerless to pre-
vent the passage of any bill here ; but surelv
twenty-four hours', delay will do no harm. Le't
us look into the bill. I just want twenty-four
hours, until we, meet to-morrow, to look into
it, to, examine it; and if I cannot demonstrate
that it is violative of the Constitution of the
United States, that its provisions are flagrantly
inconsistent with our system of government, I
shall rise in my place and frankly confess that
I am mistaken.
Mr. President, where is this need, where is
this necessity of going at railroad speed to the
destruction of all the landmarks of your Gov-
ernment? You have done a great deal; 1 ask
you now to pause simply for twenty-four hours
and let us look into the provisions of this bill.
It does, not answer my purpose to say that the
Committee on the Judiciary have considered
it, that they have reflected on it. We all know
that these committees have their peculiar busi-
ness ; they examine their questions, they pre-
sent them to us; but we do not see them until
they are presented to us. This is the first time
we have known what this bill was. Xow, sir,
