3800
THE COKGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 13,
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] and will
make the amountofthe appropriation $100,000.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
The Clerk read the second section of the
bill, as follows:
Sec. 2. And he it further enacted, That the follow-
ing sums be, and the same are hereby appropriated,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, for the objects hereinafter expressed,
namely:
Office of United States depositary, Loui?ville;
For salary of cashier, SI,800.
For salary of book-keeper, $1,500.
For salary of assistant cashier, $1,320.
For salary of elerk, $1,320.
For contingent expenses, $625.
Office United States depositary, Chicago:
For salary of cashier, $1,600.
For salary of clerk, $1,000.
For contingent expenses, $400.
Office United States depositary, Pittsburg:
For salary of cashier, $1,500.
For salary of assistant cashier, $1,000.
For salary of watchman, $600.
For contingent expenses, $200.
Office United States depositary, Baltimore:
For salary of cashier, $1,800.
For salary of clerk, $1,500.
For salary of clerk, $1,200.
For salary of clerk, $1,000,
For salary of clerk, 4900.
For salary of messenger, $900.
For contingent expenses, $360.
Office United States Assistant Treasurer, San
Franeiscoj
For salary of cashier, $2,500.
For salary of book-keeper, $2,000.
Office United States depositary, Cincinnati:
For salary of assistant cashier, $1,500.
For salary of assistant cashier, $1,200.
For salary of assistant cashier, $1,000.
For salary of teller, $1,300.
For salary of book-keeper, $1,500.
For salary of two clerks, $2,500.
For salary of clerk, $1,200.
For contingent expenses, $2,000.
Mr. WASHB URNE, of Illinois. I move to
, add at the end of that section the following:
Provided, That none of the salaries of the officers
named in this section shall be increased.
Mr. STEVENS. That is a most unhearif-
of amendment, after we have made a specific
appropriation, to top :t with such an unlegisla-
tive amendment. It is hardly consistent with
the usual accuracy of the gentleman from Illi-
nois in regard to such matters. I hope the'
House will not adopt the amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What I
desire to understand, and what the committee,
I presume, desire to understand in relation to
this matter is, whether this provision in fact
carries out the existing law and makes an appro-
priation for the salaries which these n^en now
receive, or whether it increases the salaries of
these officers. The gentlemen of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations do not say that this is
an appropriation to pay the salaries now fixed
by law. My own idea is that the salaries of
all these men are increased by this section of
the bill, and if it be the intention of the com-
mittee to put in this broad increase of sala-
ries, I propose to insert the amendment I have
offered, which is perfectly just and proper.
Mr. STEVENS. I have no knowledge of
any increase being involved here.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then my
amendment can do no harm.
Mr. STEVENS. But it is a most ridiculous
provision.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. My belief
is that this clause does increase the salaries of
these men, and I desire to have a provision
inserted that there shall be no .increase of sal-
aries. It can do no harm, at any rate.
The question was put on Mr. Wasiibcrxe's
amendment, and there were — ayes 40, noes
25 ; no quorum voting.
Sir. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think the
gentleman from Pennsylvania had better let this
question go to the House.
Mr. STEVEN S. I am willing that the whole
section should be stricken out, but I do not
wish to top it off with such a provision as this.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then let
the amendment be considered as adopted, and
then we can have a vote upon it in the House.
Mr. STEVENS. Well, I have no objection
to the amendment being adopted, but then I
shall have to move to strike out the entire
section.
The question was taken on Mr. Washburne's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I rise
to a point of order; and that is that when the
committee have put in an amendment, they
cannot immediately after that strike it out.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope my colleague will
allow me to take care of this question myself.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Well,
I propose to have something to do with it. I
believe I have one vote on this floor, which
is the same number that my colleague has.
[Laughter.] The point of order I make is,
that the House has just voted in an amend-
ment, and that it is not in order to vote it out
again immediately.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would remind
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ran-
dall] that the section must be perfected before
a motion to strike out is in order.
The question was taken on the motion to
strike out, and it was agreed to.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
amend the third section of the bill, on line
eleven, page 24, by inserting before the word
'' the'' the words, '' and the twenty-fourth sec-
tion of an act to amend an act entitled 'An act
for enrolling and calling out the national forces,
and for other purposes, approved March 3,
1863,' and approved July 24, 1864, be, and the
same are hereby, repealed."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
And be it further enacted, That from and after the
30th day of June, 1866, the compensation of the men
of tho Metropolitan police force of the District of
Columbia, be, and the same is hereby, increased as
follows, namely: twenty dollars per month: also,
an additional increase of ten dollars a month, said
additional increase to be borne by the cities of
Washington and Georgetown, and the county of
Washington, in the District of Columbia, in the pro-
portion equal to the number of patrolmen allotted
severally to the city of Washington, to the city of
Georgetown, and the county of Washington and
Georgetown, and the levy court of said county be,
and they are hereby, authorized and empowered to
levy a special tax not exceeding one quarter of one
per cent, for the purpose aforesaid, and for no other
purpose whatsoever.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I would like to ask what
the pay of the Metropolitan police force is at
present.
Mr. WASHBURNE, _ of Illinois. The in-
crease of pay is to be paid by the corporations.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend that sec-
tion by inserting after the word "Georgetown"
the words "and to the county of Washington
outside of the corporate limits of said cities."
1 move further to strike outthe word " county"
where it occurs in a line below this, and to in-
sert in lieu thereof " city."
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. WRIGHT. I desire to move an amend-
ment, to come in on page 3 of the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. That will require unani-
mous consent-
Mr. WARD. I object.
Mr. WRIGHT. Then I move to add to the
bill the following:
For the improvement ofthe navigation of Newark
bay and Passaic and Hackensack rivers, $30,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That be-
longs to the river and harbor bill, if anywhere.
I objcct to it that it is new legislation upon an
appropriation fyill, not carrying out any exist-
ing law. This subject has not been before the
Committee on Commerce at all for consider-
ation, nor has it been referred to any commit-
tee of the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. WARD. I move to strike outthis sixth
section. As I understand it, it is simply a pro-
vision to increase salaries in the District of
Columbia of certain persons referred to in the
section. I submit that this is no time to be
raising salaries, and I therefore move to strike
out the section.
The sixth section was as follows:
Sec. 0. And le it further enacted. That from and
after the 30th dov of June, 1866, the compensation of
the men of the_ Metropolitan police force of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, be, and thesaincisherey, increased
as follows, namely: twenty dollars per month; also,
an additional increase of ten dollars a month, said
additional increase to bo borne by the cities of Wash-
ington and Georgetown, and the county of Washing-
ton, in the District of Columbia, in the proportion
equal to tho number of patrolmen allotted severally
to theeity ofWashington, to the city of Georgetown,
and county of Washington, outside of the corporate
limits, and the cities of Washington and Georgetown,
and the levy court of said county be, and they are
hereby, authorized and empowered to levy a spccial
tax not exceeding one quarter of one per cent, for the
purpose aforesaid, and for no other purpose what-
soever.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the committee
rise for the purpose of enabling me to report a
bill from the Committee of Ways and Means
and have it printed so that we may ha.ve it
before us to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the ehair, Mr. Raymond re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, according to order, had had
under consideration the bill of the House (No.
737) making appropriations for sundry civil
expenses of the Government for tho year end-
ing June 30, 1867, and for other purposes, and
had come to no resolution thereon.
protection ob the revenue,
Mr. MORRILL, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee of Ways and Means
a bill to protect the revenue, and for other pur-
poses; which was read a first and second time,
ordered to be printed, and made the special
order in the House for to-morrow after the
morning hour.
withdrawal op papers.
Mr. SCOFIELD asked and obtained leave to
withdraw from the files of the House the peti-
tion and papers in the case of William Irvin.
Mr. INGERSOLL asked and obtained leave
to withdraw from the files of the House the
papers in the case of G. C. Lanphere.
leave of absence.
Mr. McKEE asked and obtained indefinite
leave of absence for his colleague, Mr. Smith.
miscellaneous appropriations again.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that when the
House again resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union upon
the miscellaneous appropriation bill all debate
upon the bill and amendments shall be closed
in one minute.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be
suspended and the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended ; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Raymoxd in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the special order, being bill of
the House No. 737, making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 30, 1867, and for other
purposes.
The pending question was upon the motion
of Mr. Ward to strike out the sixth section.
Mr. WARD called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Ward
and Ingeksoll were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 38, noes 59.
So the motion to strike out was not agreed to.
Mr. WARNER. I was not in the Hall at
the time the consideration of this bill was be-
gun or I should have offered an amendment
in the proper place. I now move to add to
the bill the following:
For tho repair of the custom-house and post ofTico,
and the walks and fences adjoining tho same, at
Middletown, Connecticut, $5,000, the same to bo ex-
pended by direction of the eollector of the port of
Middletown.
I desire to say with reference to this matter,
that this is a very largo building 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I must
object to the gentleman's amendment, unless
he will strike out the last part.
