#00
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 26,
39th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
chase of iron and steel, and other articles for
blacksmithing purposes, per fourth article sup-
plementary treaty April twelfth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-four, oae thousand five hundred
dollars.
For third of fifteen installments, to be ex-
pended for carpentering and other purposes,
per fourth article supplementary treaty April
twelfth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, one
thousand dollars.
For third of fifteen installments, to defray
the expenses of a board of visitors, to consist
of not more than three persons, to attend apon
the annuity payments ol the said Chippewa In-
dians, whose salary shall not exceed five dol-
lars per day, nor more than twenty days, and
ten cents per mile for traveling expenses, and
not to exceed three hundred miles, per sixth
article treaty October second, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-three, three hundred and ninety
dollars.
For insurance and transportation of annuity
goods and provisions, and material for build-
ing mill, including machinery, iron and steel
for blacksmiths, for the Chippewas of Red Lake
and Pembina tribe, ten thousand dollars.
Western Bands of Shoshonees.
For third of twenty installments, to be ex-
pended under the direction of the President
in the purchase of such articles as he may deem
suitable to their wants, either as hunters or
herdsmen, per seventh article treaty October
first, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, five
thousand dollars.
Eastern Bands of Shoshonees.
For third of twenty installments, to be ex-
pended under the direction of the President, in
the purchase of such articles as he may deem
suitable to their wants, either as hunters or
herdsmen, per fifth article treaty July second,
eighteen hundred and sixty-three, ten thousand
dollars.
Northwestern Bands of Shoshonees.
For third of twenty installments, to be ex-
pended under the direction of the President,
in the purchase of such articles as he may
deem suitable to their wants, either as hunters
or herdsmen, per third article treaty July thir-
tieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, five
thousand dollars.
Goship Bands of Shoshonees.
For third of twenty installments, to be ex-
pended under the direction of the President,
in the purchase of such articles, including cat-
tle for herding, or other purposes, as he shall
deem suitable for their wants and condition,
either as huntsmen or herdsmen, per seventh
article treaty October second [twelfth,] eight-
een hundred and sixty-three, one thousand
dollars.
Creek Nation.
For interest on two hundred thousand dol-
lars, at five per centum per annum, as perma-
nent annuity to be paid them in money, or for
such mechanical labor or useful articles as the
Secretary of the Interior may from time to
time direct, per third article treaty September
third, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, as
amended by Senate., ten thousand dollars.
For payment of third of five installments, to
be expended for their benefit in the purchase
of stock, horses, sheep, clothing, and such other
articles as the Secretary of the Interior, with
the council of said nation, may direct, per fourth
article treaty September third, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-three, as amended by Senate,
forty thousand dollars.
Tahegauehe Band of Utah Indians.
For the third of ten installments for the pur-
chase of goods, under the direction of the Sec-
retary of the Interior, per eighth article treaty
of October seventh, eighteen hundred and sixty-
three, and Senate amendment of March twenty -
fifth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, ten thou-
sand dollars.
For the third of five installments, to be ap-
plied for the purposes of agriculture, and for
the purchase of farming utensils and stock
animals, per tenth article treaty October sec-
ond, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, and
Senate amendment thereto, ten thousand dol-
lars.
For the third of ten installments for the pur-
chase of provisions, under the direction of the
Secretary of the Interior, per eighth article
treaty October seventh, eighteen hundred and
sixty-three, and Senate amendment thereto,
ten thousand dollars.
For insurance, transportation, and general
incidental expenses of the delivery of goods,
provisions, and stock, five thousand dollars.
Chippewas of the Mississippi, Pillagers, and
Lake Wirmebagoshish Bands of Chippewa
Indians in Minnesota.
For third of ten installments to furnish said
Indians with ten yoke of good work oxen,
twenty log-chains, two hundred grubbing hoes,
ten plows, ten grindstones, one hundred axes,
handled, twenty spades, and other farming im-
plements, per fifth article treaty May seventh,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, for the fiscal
year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-seven, one thousand five hundred
dollars.
For the employment of two carpenters, one
thousand eight hundred dollars, and two black-
smiths, one thousand eight hundred dollars;
four farm laborers, two thousand four hundred
dollars : one physician, one thousand two hun-
dred dollars, and medicine for the sick, five
hundred dollars, per fifth article treaty May
seventh, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, for
the fiscal year ending June thirtieth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-seven, seven thousand seven
hundred dollars.
For this amount to be applied towards the
support of a saw-mill to be built for the com-
mon use of the Chippewas of Mississippi and
the Red Lake and Pembina bands of Chip-
pewas, so long as the President may deem it
necessary, per sixth article treaty May seventh,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, for the fiscal
year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-seven, one thousand dollars.
For pay of services and traveling expenses
of a board of visitors, to consist of not more
than five persons, to attend the annuity pay-
ments to the Indians, and so'forth, and to in-
spect the fields, buildings, mills, and other
improvements, as stipulated in the seventh
article treaty May seventh, eighteen hundred
and sixty-four, not exceeding any one year
more than twenty days' service, at five dollars
per day, or more than three hundred miles'
travel, at ten cents per mile, for the fiscal year
ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-seven, six hundred and fifty dollars.
For the payment of female teachers em-
ployed on the reservations to instruct Indian
girls in domestic economy, per thirteenth arti-
cle treaty May seventh, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four, one thousand dollars.
Minneeonjon Band of Dakota or Sioux.
For first of twenty installments, to be paid
in such articles as the Secretary of the Interior
may direct, as per fourth article of treaty of
October tenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-five,
for the fiscal year ending June thirtieth, eight-
een hundred, and sixty-seven, ten thousand
dollars.
Lower Brule Band of Dakota or Sioux.
For first of twenty installments, to be paid
in such articles as the Secretary of the Interior
may direct, as per fourth article of treaty of Oc-
tober fourteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
five, for the fiscal year ending June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, six thousand
dollars.
Blaekfeet Band of Dakota or Sioux.
For first of twenty installments, to be paid
in such articles as the Secretary of the Interior
may direct, as per fourth article of treaty of Oc-
tober nineteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
five, for the fiscal year ending June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, aeven thou-
sand dollars.
Two Kettles' Band of Dakota or Sioux.
For first of twenty installments, to be paid
in such articles as the Secretary of the Interior
may direct, as per fourth article of treaty of Oc-
tober nineteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
five, for the fiscal year ending June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, six thousand
dollars.
For this sum, to be paid the widow and chil-
dren of Ish-tah-chan-ne-ah, under the direction
of the Secretary of the Interior, as per sixth
article of treaty of October nineteenth, eight-
een hundred and sixty-five, five hundred dol-
lars.
For this sum, being for indemnity, to be paid
under the direction of the Secretary of the In-
terior, as per sixth article of the treaty of Octo-
ber nineteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
five, five hundred dollars.
Onk-pah-pah Band of Dakota or Sioux.
For first of twenty installments, being thirty
dollars for each lodge or family, (three hundred
lodges,) to be paid in such articles as the Sec-
retary of the Interior may direct, as per fourth
article of treaty of October twentieth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-five, for the fiscal year end-
ing June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven, nine thousand dollars.
Sans Arcs Band of Dakota or Sioux.
For first of twenty installments, being thirty
dollars to each lodge or family, (two hundred
and eighty lodges,) to be paid in such articles
as the Secretary of the Interior may direct, as
per fourth article of treaty of October twen-
tieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-five, for the
fiscal year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-seven, eight thousand four hun-
dred dollars.
Yanktonai Band of Dakota or Sioux.
For first of twenty installments, being thirty
dollars for each lodge of [or] family, (three
hundred and fifty lodges,) to be paid in such
articles as the Secretary of the Interior may
direct, as per fourth artiole of treaty of Octo-
ber twentieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-five,
for the fiscal year ending June thirtieth, eight-
een hundred and sixty-seven, ten thousand five
hundred dollars.
Upper Yanktonais Band of Dakota or Sioux.
For first of twenty installments, to be paid
in such articles as the Secretary of the Interior
may direct, as per fourth article of treaty of
October twenty-eighth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-five, for the fiscal year ending June thir-
tieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, ten
thousand dollars.
O' Gallala Band of Dakota or Sioux Indians.
For first of twenty installments, to be paid
in such articles as the Secretary of the Interior
may direct, as per fourth article of treaty of
October twenty-eighth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-five, for the fiscal year ending June thir-
tieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, ten
thousand dollars.
Dakota or Sioux.
For expense of transporting and delivering
articles fiirnished for Indians on the Upper Mis-
souri river, parties t<i treaties made at Fort
Sully in October, eighteen, hundred and sixty-
five, twenty thousand dollars.
Bois Fort Band of Chippewa [Indians.]
To enable the President of the United States
to set apart a reservation for the Bois Fort band
