THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2841
vessel in or by which they are to be exported, by an
officer under direction of the superintendent of ex-
ports, and placed under the supervision ot an officcr
of the customs, after a bond shall have been siven in
such form and containing such conditions as the Com-
missioner ot Internal llevcnue may prescribe, with
one or more sureties, to be approved, as to the suffi-
ciency of the sureties, as the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue may direct. And such bond shall be
canceled upon tin presentation of the proper certifi-
cate that said spirits have been landed at the port
named in said bond, or at anyothcr port without the
jurisdiction ot the United States, or upon sathfac-
tory proof that after shipment the spirits have been
lost. And at any port where there shall be no super-
intendent of exports, all the duties and services re-
quired of superintendents of exports and drawback
shall devolve upon and bo performed by the collector
of internal revenue designated to have charge of
exportations.
Mr. MOHRILL. In section twenty-nine,
which was reserved last night upon the sug- j
gestion of the gentleman from* Illinois, the
Committee of Ways and Cleans have concluded
to make such amendments as will not prevent
alcohol fro ill being distilled with whisky or
other spirits. I therefore move to amend by
striking out in line eight of that section the
words "or alcohol," and inserting before the
word "ether" the word "or;" so that the
clause will read:
And no still, boiler, or other vessel shall be used
as aforesaid in any building or on any premises where
beer, laser beer, ale, porter, or other fermented
liquors, vinegar, or ether, are manufactured or pro-
duced, or where su?ais or sirups are icfnied, or where
liquors of any description are retailed, or any other
business is carried on.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORUILL. I move also to amend the
forty-fourth section by striking out, after the
word " packages" m the fifty-fourth Hue, the
words {'for export;" so that the clause will
read:
Or for the purpose of being rectified, or redistilled,
canned, or put into other packages, under such rules
and regulations and the execution of such bond3 or
other security as the Secretary of the Treasury may
prescribe.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to amend section
twenty-five by inserting after the word u there-
of" in line thirty-six the following:
And such assessed penalties and fines when recov-
ered shall be distiibuced according to law.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON". I move to amend section
thirty-five by inserting after the words ''proof
thereof" inline thirteen, the following:
And the number of gallons sold, with the proof
thereof and the name and place of business of the
peison to whom sold.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COBB, I desire to move several amend-
ments to section twenty-nine, which has been
reserved. I move, in the first place, to amend
by striking ont in the fourth line of that section
the words ''beer, lager beer, ale, porter, or
other fermented liquors.'' It may be, Mr.
Chairman, that there are abundant reasons for
this provision of the bill, which 1 suppose is
intended as a precautionary measure for the
prevention of frauds upon the revenue. I am
not sufficiently acquainted with the investiga-
tions upon this subject to know to what extent
that reason may apply or be a good one.
It seems to me, after having adopted the very
perfect system of machinery lor the prevention
of fraud of inspectors, vats, receivers, and all
that, it will scarcely lie in the mouth of the
committee or the Government to say it will
bo impossible tu prevent fraud upon the Treas-
ury in cases where a still may bo kept in the
same establishment with a brewery. 1 know
from my limited observation of the matter
that in some of the breweries in the West, and
I presume it is so elsewhere, it is necessary,
in order to save matter which becomes to some
extent damaged in certain kinds of weather or
by some unskillful manipulations, to use it for
purposes of distillation. Hence, in most of
the breweries they have a small distilling ap-
paratus with which they use up this matter
which is unfit for brewing and would otherwise
go to waste. I think, therefore, a serious loss
will be incurred by these brewers if they are
not permitted to use this apparatus. I do not
believe it is necessary to make this prohibition
for the purpose of protecting the revenue of
the country. Knowing that some of my con-
stituents have this machinery and would suiFer
loss by any such prohibition, I have deemed it
proper to submit this amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Chairman, I hope
the amendment of the gentleman from Wis-
consin will not prevail. I may safely say a
majority of the cases of fraud during last year
have been in establishments where stills were
kept in connection with beer breweries. Sour
beer can be manufactured into spirits, and a
little still may be concealed among the ma-
chinery of a large lager-beer brewery. These
stills are there and it is hard to get at them.
The system of inspection lor spirits does not
apply to fermented liquors, and therefore if we
allow little stills to bo set up iu the mass of
machinery iu a lager-beer brewery, it will be
impossible to reach them. It may be a small
loss to the parties, but a very small loss, be-
cause they can always sell this sour beer to the
distilleries. If these words are stricken out it
will seriously impair the efficiency of the law.
Mr. PAINE. I would suggest to my col-
league to strike out the same words in line
seven. I corroborate the statement made by
him in respect to the practice in our State. I
believe there is no dispute about it. The prac-
tice has grown up in breweries, numerous in
our part of the world, of having these stills to
save damaged stuff from going to loss ; and the
adoption of this provision will work serious
injury to many who are engaged in these
breweries. It seems to me there ought to be
some arrangement by which honest brewers
should be permitted to continue to use these
stills. It will enable them to turn to account
what'would otherwise be wasted. I suggest
the Committee of Ways and Means may devise
a system of inspection to cover the case.
Mr. GARFIELD. If the gentleman will
look at the concluding paragraph of the fifty-
fifth section he will see there lias been an allow-
ance made of seven and a half per cent, lor the
purpose of covering the loss they may incur by
the waste of sour beer. It need not b« wasted,
asiLcan be sold to the distillers. We have
preferred to make that allowance rather than*
to lot these stills remain in these breweries.
If the amendment prevails then the whole sys-
tem of inspection to distilleries will be applied
to the breweries.
Mr. Cobb's amendment was rejected.
Mr. COBB. I move to strike out the same
words in line seven.
Now, Mr. Chairman, there is not a sub-dis-
trict in the United States where the deputy
assessor, if he is fit for his business, does not
know every single brewery which has a distill-
ery attached and the amount of liquor dis-
tilled. I cannot see why a man 'cannot be a
distiller and a brewer as well as a lawyer and
a claim agent.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend on page 152, line fifteen, by inserting
at the commencement of it the words " or in
any dwelling-house."
The amendment Vras agreed to.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I understood
the chairman of the committee to declare that
they were willing to make an amendment by
which alcohol could be distilled iu a distillery
where they distill spirits. They have made an
amendment which they declared to have that
end and effect. Now, I thiuk the language is
ambiguous; therefore I propose that it shall
be explicitly stated in the third line of the
twenty-third section.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. We are
on the twenty-ninth section, and I suggest that
we had better finish it.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I ask unani-
mous consent to offer it to section twenty-three.
Mr. GARFIELD. Let it be read.
Mr. IIAIIDING, of Illinois. Section twenty-
three reads as follows:
That every person, firm, or corporation who distills
or manufactures spirits, or who browser makosmask.
wort, or wash, for the distillation or the production
of spirits, si) at I bo deemed a distiller under this act.
I propose to amend by adding after the word
"spirits" the words " or alcohol by continuous
distillation from grain."
Mr. GARFIELD. That is right.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. I move an amendment on
page 14, after line one hundred and twenty-two,
which I send to the desk. This paragraph was
reserved.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
And in addition to other provisions of law when-
ever fraud is alleged as to any list or return, and the
party charged with fraud shall make denial of the
same in writing and shall demand a hearing thereon,
and shall tender to the assessor of the proper district
a bond with two or more sureties payable to the Uni-
ted States, in a sum not less than double the amount
of the tax, together with the penalties assessed be-
cause of such alleged fraud, and conditioned that
such person wilt abide by the orders and judgments
of the court before whom such case shall be heard,
ana will pay whatever sum may be adjudged against
him for tax or penalty, or both, and also all costs
that may be adjudged against him. And upon the
approval of such bond by sueh assessor it shall be
the duty of such assessor to transmit to the distiiet
attorney of the United States for the district within
which such collection district is situated all tho
papers in tho case; and it shall also bo the duty of
said disti ict attorney to immediately institute in the
proper circuit or district court of the United States.
a suit for the recovery of the tax, penalties, or for-
feitures assessed or incurred because of such nHegcd
fraud, and the same shalt bo prosecuted to judgment
as in other cases, and such cases shall have prece-
dence over other civil cases on the calendar of such
court. And until final judgment all proceedings by
the assessor and collector shall be suspended; and in
case of seizure of property, the property seized shall
be released upon the approval of the^ bond herein
provided for; but nothing herein contained shall be
construed to affect in any manner proceedings by
indictment as provided by law.
Mr. ALLISON. This provision is inserted
to meet the objection to the section made by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania. It is the same
provision offered by him with some additions
and erasures.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMES. I offer the following amend-
ment to the same section:
On page 13, line ninety-three, after the word
"proper"' insert the words "not inconsistent with
the provisions of existing laws for tho punishment
of contempt."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. THAYER. I wish to call the attention
of the committee to an amendment which was
offered to this section when we had it under
consideration. It was offered by myself, to in-
corporate in this section the provision of a
subsequent section in regard to the payment
of witness fees on preliminary examinations
by assessors, and the payment of mileage to
assessors in sueh cases. It would come in
immediately preceding the amendment last
adopted. I move, after the word " purpose,'-'
in line one hundred and twenty-two, to insert
the following;
When the assessor is required or compelled to travel
to make examinations, as provided in this section,
he shall bo allowed mileage and his necessary and
proper traveling expenses. The costsfor the attend-
ance and mileage of witnesses shall be taxed by the
assessor and paid by tho delinquent parties, or other-
wise bv the collector of the district on certificate of
the assessor, at the rates usually allowed m said
district for witnesses in district courts of the united
States.
Mr. ALLISON. No objection to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL, of Kentucky. I desire to
offer an amendment to section thirty-six.
The CHAIRMAN. That section has been
passed.
Mr. RANDALL, of Kentucky. _ I ask the
unanimous consent of the committee to go
back to that section.
Mr. ALLISON. I must objecttogoingback,
Mr. DAVIS. I move to strike out. on pages
117 and 118, beginning at line twenty-six hun-
dred and ninety-nine, the following;
That it shall not bo lawful to record any instru-
ment, document, ur paper requued by law to be
stamped, unless a stamp or stamps of the proper
amount shall have'been affixed, and canceled m the
manner required, by law; and thcrecord 01 anj- such
instiumcut, upon which the proper stamp or stamps
aforesaid shall not have been affixed and canceled
as aforesaid, shall be utterly void? o&d shall not w©
used in evidence'.
