Sfc8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
ere without the State resisting the assaults of
traitors. Of course, if they are electors at all,
they are qualified electors.
- Bat I return to section one, article seven.
And here I suggest that whatever may be the
construction of the constitution of Michigan in
regard to the locality of elections, considered
in and by itself alone, it cannot be fairly so
construed as to apply to the election of Fed-
eral officers, nor as to establish any element of
qnalificatioa inconsistent with the requirements
of the Federal Government. In the creation of
that instrument, what was the prominent idea
that occupied the minds of its t'ramers and of
the people who adopted it? The constitution of
Michigan is the framework of a State govern-
ment. It dec-lares by what officers and machin-
ery the government shall be organized and con-
ducted, defines the powers and duties of many
of the officers, and also prescribes the places
of their election and the qualification of the
electors. But it utters not a single word in
.reference to the election of Representatives in
Congress; and it cannot be presumed that it
was intended in any way to conflict with the
Federal Constitution. The main purpose that
occupied the minds of the framers of the State
constitution touching elections, the only pur-
pose in that regard by them specially expressed,
was to regulate elections for officers of their
own State. But admit, for sake of the argu-
ment, that section one, article seven, is broad
enough in its terms to embrace' all elections
within the State, and for ail officers, State as
well as national, and that it has prescribed the
qualifications of electors, which it could do,
and the place of voting, which it could not do;
what then? Why, the United States accepts
and adopts the prescribed qualifications, but
rejects the provision as it regards the locality
of voting. But yet the Federal authority does
not assume to interfere with the local affairs
of the State. Michigan has sent to the field
during the war over eighty thousand men, a
largo portion of whom were legal voters. It is
conceded that in the exercise of her discretion
she may deny to her loyal sons and gallant
defenders the sacred privilege of joining with
their fellow-citizens at home in the selection
of their State and county officers. If such be
the construction of her organic law, just or un-
just. expedient or impolitic, that is a matter of
her own concern. But then the Legislature
comes to their aid, and clothed with a higher,
or, if you please, with an independent author-
ity, declares that those heroic, qualified elect-
ors—qualified by their State constitution-
shall be permitted to vote for Representatives
in Congress, and by that means to aid in the
maintenance of an Administration that will
take care that the fruits of their expensive vic-
tories shall be preserved for the benefit of
themselves and their posterity.
I think X have shown that by the terms of the
State constitution the place of votifg was not
intended to constitute a pai t of the qualification
of the elector. But I go farther, and insist that
whatever might, have been their objcct, it was
not in the power of the people of the State to
make it a qualification. Had the State consti-
tution been free from all uncertainty, and de-
clared in unmistakable terms that "in no case
whatever shall any person vote outside of his
township or ward,'' and further declared that
"the place of voting shall be taken and held to
be an indispensable requisite of the qualifica-
tion of the elector,yet such words in fact and
m law would create no qualification as appli-
cable to a voter for Representati vein Congress.
Because such a limitation or restraint
as agninstthe Constitution of the United States
would be void. That instrument has, in effect,
prohibited the people of the State from desig-
nating in their constitution the places of hold-
ing elections for Representatives bjr conferring
that power upon the Legislature, and they can-
not evade that inhibition by converting the place
o, voting into an element of qualification. Com-
mnuding the Legislature to prescribe the places,
subject to the control of Congress, is equivalent
i>o a declaration tbattlis people shall not inter- >
pose obstacles to the performance of that duty.
As to the age, residence, color, moral character,
race, and perhaps sex, of the persoD, the consti-
tution is supreme, but not so with reference to
the place. Could the people of Michigan turn
the place of voting into an element of qualifica-
tion section four of article one of the Constitu-
tion of the United States would be rendered
nugatory. Should the Congress of the United
States, l'or the sake of uniformity, or for other
sufficient reasons, fix the day of election of Rep-
resentatives throughout the entire country on
the first Monday of October, andalso determine
the places of elections, then could the several
States designate other days and places and de-
clare such days and places elements of the qual-
ification of the electors, they might thereby
preclude every man in the United States from
voting for Representative in Congress, and, as
a consequence, absolutely preventan organiza-
tion of the House. The States cannot, by eva-
sion, or by indirection, or by a ridiculous em-
ployment of language, defeat the intention of
the-people of the United Slates, plainly ex-
pressed in their organic law. lu truth, section
four of article one of the Federal Constitution
is in the nature of a proviso, or a limitation of
the power of the State, to determine the qualifi-
cation of electors. The legal effect would not
be different had it declared, in so many words,
" the people of the States may determine the
qualification of electors, provided, however, the
place of voting shall be no part of such qualifi-
cation." If the State can make the place of
voting a part of the qualification, then she can,
at all times and under all ciicuuistatices, con-
trol the places of elections, the wishes and laws
of Congress and the Constitution of the United
States to the contrary notwithstanding.
Bat it is alleged that the question under
consideration has been dccidcd favorably for
the claim of the contestant by the supreme
court of the State of Michigan. I must beg
leave to express the opinion that the assertion
is founded in error. I do not understand that
it has ever been discussed before that tribunal,
or even brought before that court in any form
whatever. The case relied upon as establish-
ing the principle for which contestant contends
is that of Twitchell vs. Blodgett, which in-
volved the constitutionality of the soldiers' vot-
ing law growing out of the election of a pros-
ecuting attorney for the county of Washtenaw,
and the question was limited" to the constitu-
tionality of the act with reference to the elec-
tion of officers created by the State. Neither
the Constitution of the United States nor the
qualification of electors were drawn in ques-
tion. Lest I should be mistaken in this asser-
tion, I will let each of the judges constituting
a majority of the court speak for himself. Mr.
J ustice Christiancy says :
""With these preliminary observations I proceed
to an examination of the speeilic question involved
in the piesont ease. Does the eon-aituUon piohibit
the Legislature fiom nuthorizins, as they purport to
have done by this act, the qualified electors ot this
State who in.iybe in tiic militai.y service of thisState
or ot the United States, to vote for officers of tile ,-Jfate
and national Government, at any other plnce than
the township in which they respectively reside, and
while they arc absent irom such township?"
Mr. Justice Cooley stales the question thus:
"This law is claimed to be unconstitutional, be-
cause, it is said, the latter part of the section above
Quoted from the constitution requires the personal
presence of t'ie elector in the township or ward in
which he reticles at the time of asserting his right to
vote/'
Judge Campbell says :
"And we are only concerned, therefore, in determin-
ing whether the constitution of Michigan has pro-
ven teiithe State Legislature from exercising complete !
fontr-'i o\er the locality ot elections, and whether,
if such control is limited, the limitation is applicable
to the subject before us."
These extracts from the opinions of the
judges of the court show very clearly what was
the '■ specific" question before them. It was
not one growing out of the election of a Fed-
eral officer. It was not one touching the power
of the Legislature under the Constitution of the
United States. The court did not attempt an
exposition of the qualifications of electors.
Indeed, the qualification of the class of voters
under consideration was assumed by the court
as an undisputed fact. Thus, in the extract
already quoted, Judge Christiancy inquires:
"Does the constitution prohibit the Legislature
from authorizing, as they purport to have done by
this act, the qualified electors of this State who may
be in the military service ?" &c.
The court simply decide that the constitution
of the State restrains the Legislature from pass-
ing a law to enable a qualified elector to vote
for members of the Legislature and State and
county officers at a place out of his township
or ward.
Misapprehension of the true import of this
quotation from the opinion of Judge Christian cy
seems to have led the contestant into error in
another respect. He infers that the court has
discussed the validity of votes cast by soldiers
absent from the State for Federal officers. Not
so. Judge Christiancy inquired whether the
act was in conflict withJJie State constitution
in regard to the place of voting for State as
well as national officers; but he did not con-
sider whether there was any repugnancy be-
tween the latter and the Constitution of the
United States. The reference to the election
of officers "of the national Government" was
merely incidental in the statement of the ques-
tion, and was made simply for the purpose of
comparing the provisions of the act with the
State constitution. The court decided that the
votes east out of the State for the office of pros-
ecuting attorney for the county of Washtenaw
were void. But they expressed no opinion in
reference to the legality of ballots for Repre-
sentatives in Congress. Indeed, section four
of article one of the Constitution of the United
States was not even mentioned or referred to
by either court or counsel during the entire in-
vestigation of the case. Yet while no allusion
is made to that instrument the reasoning of the
court is clearly against the contestant in regard
to the power of the Legislature. Judge Camp-
bell says:
, "It is conceded that the power of regulating the
time and manner of elections and the places where
they may be held is one which is legislative in its na-
ture, and belongs to that body which is intrusted with
the general legislative authority, unless the constitu-
tion has limited or destroyed this control over it."
And Judge Cooley says:
" I have no hesitation in holding that when the time,
place, andmannei ot holding elections are not pre-
set i bed by the constitution they arc within the dis-
cretion ot the Legislature, and the reception of votes
from persons actually out of the election district, or
even of the State, may bo allowed by statute. Ap-
plying this principle to tne constitutions ot Ohio and
Wisconsin, we caanotwell doubt the validity of their
statutes; and I regard the decisions made to that
eifecl as entirely correct and satisfactory."
And Judge Christiancy remarks that—
ithout any limitation of the legislative power
in our constitution, that power would have been at
least as absolute and unlimited within the<bordersof
tne State as that of the Parliament in England, sub-
ject only to the Constitution ot the United States."
Now, in reference to the act of the Legisla-
ture, in so far as it is legitimately before us,
there was no '! limitation of the legislative power
in our constitution," and could be none for
the reasons already slated. But it is worthy of
notice that the Question of legislative power was
properly before the court, and distinctly con-
sidered ; and when we find that the act of the
Legislature is relieved by the Constitution of
the United States from the limitation and con-
trol ol the State constitution, this decision of
the supreme court of Michigan is a clear and
explicit authority to establish the constitution-
ality of the act in question, in so far as it
relates to the election of Representatives in
Congress. For the learning and ability of the
gentlemen constituting the majority of that
court, who justly take high rank among the
ablest, jurists of the country, I entertain the
most profound respect. Their judicial opin-
ions npon a statute of their own State, when
pertinent, ought to have great weight with
the members of this House. Nevertheless I
insist that the decision referred to makes noth-
ing for the contestant. Upon the main ques-
tion, the authority of the Legislature, under the
Constitution of the United States, it is entirely
silent.
