2842
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May .26,
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
It shall be unlawful, from and after the passage of
this act, to record any instrument, document, deed,
mortgage, or other paper required or authorized by
law to be recorded, unless such stamp or stamps as
shall be required thereon by law shall be affixed
thereto and duly canceled; and the record of any
such instrument, or the record of any instrument
heretofore recorded, upon which the proper stamp or
stamps aforesaid shall nothavo been affixed and can-
celed as required by law, shall be invalid and of no
effect, except as constructive notice of the interest
acquired by the purchaser, grantee, or mortgagee of
any real estate interest under any contract, deed, or
mortgage which may have been recorded without
being properly stamped, as provided by law; and
neither the original instrument nor the record thereof
shall be used in evidence for any other purpose until
the original instrument or a certified copy thereof,
if the original shall be lost, shall have been duly
stamped, so as to entitle it to bo recorded under the
provisions of this act or the act hereby amended;
and when the original instrument, or a certified copy
thereof, as aforesaid, shall have been duly stamped,
so as to entitle the same to be recorded, shall be pre-
sented to the clerk, register, or other officer having
charge of the original record, it shall be the duty
of such officer, upon the payment of the fee legally
chargeable for tile recording thereof, at the option
of the party presenting such instrument, to make a
new record thereof or to note upon the original record
the fact that the error or omission in the stamping of
said original instrument has been duly corrected pur-
suant, to law; and after such record or entry the ori-
ginal instrument or such certified copy or the record
thereof may be used in all courts and places in the
•same manner and with like effect as if the instru-
ment had been legally entitled to record when first
recorded: Provided, That no right acquired in good
faith before the proper stamping of such instrument
or copy, and the recording or entry aforesaid, shall
be affected or impaired by such correction of the
stamping aforesaid.
I offer that amendment for the purpose of
correcting what I believe would operate un-
justly in many cases unless the correction shall
be made. There are many cases in which con-
veyances have been made and recorded which
have not been properly stamped according to
law. It has been done in good faith and with-
out intent, to defraud the Government.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The one hundred
and fifty-second section of the existing law
provides that an unstamped recorded instru-
ment shall be of no effect whatever. The
amendment of the gentleman proposes to go
back and constitute all of these unstamped
records constructive notice of what they con-
tain. Now, that is all they could be asrecorded
instruments if rhpy had been properly stamped;
so that all the interests which may have been
acquired prior to the passage of this act,
whether in good faith or not, are covered by
the provision in the first part of this section
declaring that all of these unstamped deeds
shall be constructive notice to all persons of
their contents. This amendment would be a
great deal worse than the existing law.
Mr. ALLISON. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment.
Mr. DxVYIS. I desire to say a word on my
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will say
his word now.
Mr. DAVIS. What I wish to accomplish by
my amendment is simply to protect these par-
ties who have acted in good faith in placing
these unstamped instruments on record; and
not allow a person, finding by an examination
of the record that, there is an instrument upon
record which has accidentally been illegally
recorded, to avail himself of this act which we
attempt here to pass to defeat the title of an
honest and innocent party.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The case the gen-
tleman now puts, if such a ca«e should occur,
would not be constructive notice to the parly
who should examine the record, but it would
be actual notice by bringing that fact to the
knowledge of the parties. Now, the difficulty
with the amendment of the gentleman is that
instead of providing for a case of the kind he
has stated he provides that these unstamped
instruments shall be constructive notice by
being upon the record. Now, if the gentle-
man desires to provide that actual notice of
tlie existence of the interest embraced iu one
of these unstamped instruments shall save the
party holding it from any injury by a subse-
quent purchaser having knowledge of the ille-
gality of the record, that is a very different
thing. But when he begins by providing that
these cases shall all be covered by construc-
tive notice, then he is trenching upon ground
that we should not trench upon, for it may
interfere with thousands of titles.
Mr. DAVIS. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Iowa, [Mr. Wilson] 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Davis] has one half minute
left.
Mr. DAVIS. Then I will take some other
opportunity.
Mr. ALLISON. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Davis.] The portion he proposes to strike out
is substantially the provision of the existing
law. And there is nothing whatever in his
amendment which will really require instru-
ments to be stamped, because the same pro-
vision which makes these unstamped instru-
ments void, except when constructive notice
is given, will authorize any party to place on
record an instrument not stamped, provided
he afterward places a stamp on the original;
and in the meantime the document so illegally
recorded is constructive notice to every man
who may purchase the property. So that in
effect the unstamped instrument so recorded
would have the same effect as though prop-
erly stamped and recorded.
Therefore it is that we must have a provision
by which the revenue will be protected. And
in order to protect the revenue it is necessary
to provide that these instruments recorded
without being stamped shall be absolutely void
and of no effect. The Committee of Ways
and Means have prepared an amendment, pro-
viding that parties who have neglected to stamp
th ese in stru ments through inadvertence or Some
fault not criminal, may upon a proper showing
to the collector of the district still stamp the
original instrument and place it upon record.
And in case the original is lost, we have added
a provision which authorizes the stamping of
the copy of the instrument.
Mr. THAYER. The gentleman will allow
mc to correct what evidently was an inadvert-
ence in the statement of tlic gentleman from
.Iowa, [Mr. Allisox.] The proviso he refers
to was not prepared by the Committee of Ways
and Means, but was offered by myself at the
locf 5aqq10h
Mr. ALLISON. Well, I do not want to
take any special credit to the committee.
Mr. THAYER. T only desire to have the
history of that legislation correctly stated.
The Committee of Ways and Means opposed
my proviso very strongly, but I carried it in
the House over their opposition.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I would ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Tiiayer]
if that proviso was stamped when he placed
it on record, for it is notice to everybody.
[Laughter.]
Mr. ALLISON. The committeehave already
adopted some of the provisions contained in
the amendment of the gentleman'from New
York, [Mr. Davis.] But unfortunately he
does not propose to insert them in the proper
place; therefore we propose to insert the pro-
vision so as to relate to section one hundred
and fifty-eight of the present law, in the par-
agraph relating to that subject, instead of
where the gentleman from New York pro-
poses. Therefore, I hope the amendment
proposed by him will be voted down, when the
committee will propose the amendment I have
indicated.
Mr. DAVIS. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. ALLISON. I now move to insert in
the paragraph relating to section one hundred
and fifty-eight of the present law, after the
words, uAnd provided further, That where it
shall appear to said collector upon oath, or
otherwise, to his satisfaction, that any such in-
strument has not been duly stamped at the
time of making or issuing the same, by reason
of accident, mistake, inadvertence, or urgent
necessity, and without any willful design to
defraud the United States of the stamp duty,
or to evade or delay the payment thereof, then
and in such case, if such instrument,'' the
words " or if the original be lost a copy thereof
duly certified by the officer having chn rge of real
estate records in the proper town or county."
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I would like
to ask my colleague one question : how can
you obtain a certified copy of an instrument
which has not been recorded and which has
been lost?
Mi\ ALLISON. Of course you cannot have
a certified copy unless the instrument has been
recorded ; but an instrument may be lost after
being recorded.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to say to the gentle-
man from Iowa that my purpose has been to
protect parties in those cases where papers
have already been recorded without being
stamped, when the parties have acted in good
faith.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. Forthe purpose
of saying a word or two, I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the last word. As
I understand this provision, in the first place,
the recorder is prohibited from recording an
instrument unless it has been properly stamped.
Now, then, how can you have a certified copy
of an instrument which has never been recorded
and has been lost? You first prohibit the re-
cording of the instrument and then provide for
a certified copy of the instrument which has
been lost or destroyed. Here is a sort of
inconsistency which I do not comprehend. I
withdraw my amendment to the amendment.
Mr. LONG-YEAR. 1 move to amend the
amendment by inserting after "proper record-
ing officer of the county or township" the
words "or otherwise duly proven to the satis-
faction of the collector."
Mr. ALLISON. I accept that amendment
as a modification of my amendment.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to amend by insert-
ing after line twenty-eight hundred and thirty-
seven, on page 123, the following:
And when the original instrument or acertifiedcopy
thereof, as aforesaid, shall have been duly stamped
so as to entitle the same to be recorded, and shall be
presented to the clerk, register, recorder, or other
officer having charge of the original rccord, it shall
bo the duty of such officer, upon the payment of the
fee legally chargeable for the recording thereof, at
the option of the party presenting such instrument,
to make a new record thereof or to note upon the
original record the fact that the error or omission in
the stamping of said original instrument has been
corrected pursuant to law; and after such record or
entry the original instrument or such certified copy
or the record thereof may be used in all courts and
places in the same manner and with like effect as if
the instrument had been legally entitled to record
when first recorded: Provided, That no right acquired
in good faith before the stamping of such instrument
or copy thereof and the record thereof, as herein pro-
vided, shall in any manner be affected by such stamp-
ing as aforesaid.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend by inserting
at the end of line twenty- five hundred and ninety-
six, on page 113, the following;
Provided, That no penalty shall be assessed upon
any person for such neglect or refusal, or for making
orrendering a false or fraudulent return, exceptafter
reasonable notice of the time and place of hearing,
to be regulated by the Commissioner of In tern ;il Rev-
enue, so as to give the person charged an opportunity
to be heard, and subject to the right of giving bond
and staying proceedings for the purpose of a hearing
in a circuit or district court, as provided in the four-
teenth section of this act.
This amendment simply makes this paragraph
conform to the fourteenth section as amended.
I think it must commend itself to the judgment
of the committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SIIELLABARGER. I move to amend
by inserting after the amendment just adopted
the following:
Andprovided further. Til at tia prosecutionsforfraud
or wrongful evasion of any of the provisions of this
act shall bo commenced until after the person accused
or his agent or attorney shall have been notified in
writing by the person charged with such prosecution
of the offense of which he is charged, nor until after
lie shall have had opportunity to pay the penalty and
other liability of the Government for which sueh
prosecufion is authorized: Provided, however. Such
notice shall not be required where such prosecutor
shall be satisfied that such notice would defeat the
collection of the demands duo the Government.
Mr. Chairman, eases have occurred in which
