3802
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 13,
ported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, according to order, had
had under consideration the bill of the House
(No. 737) making appropriations for«sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1867, and for other purposes,
had made sundry amendments thereto, and
directed him to report the same to the Souse
with a recommendation that the bill do pass.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend the bill
by inserting section two, which was stricken
out in Committee of the Whole, and I demand
the previous question, on the bill and amend-
ments.
The amendment was rQad, as follows:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the follow-
ing sums be, and the same are hereby, appropriated,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, for the objects hereinafter expressed,
namely:
Office of United States depositary, Louisville:
For salary of cashier, $1,800.
For salary of book-keeper, $1,500.
For salary of ass.itant cashier, $1,320.
For salary of clerk, $1,320.
For contingent expenses, $825.
Office United States depositary, Chicago:
For salary of cashier, $1,600,
For salary of clerk, $1,000.
For contingent expenses, $400.
Office United States depositary, Pittsburg:
For salary of cash.er, $1,500.
For salary of assistant cashier, $1,000.
For salary of watchman, $900.
For contingent expenses, $200.
Office United States depositary, Baltimore:
For salary of cashier, 31,800.
For salary of clerk, $1,500.
For salary of clerk, $1,200.
For salary of clei k, $1,000.
For salary of clci k, $900.
For salary of messenger, $900.
For contingent expenses, $360.
Office United States Assistant Treasurer, San
Francisco:
For salary of cashier, $2,500.
For salary of book-keeper, $2,000.
Office United States depositary, Cincinnati:
For salary of assistant-cashier, $1,500.
For salary of assistant cashier, $1,200.
For salary of assistant cashier, $1,000.
For salary of teller, $1,300.
For salary of book-keeper, SI ,500.
For salary of two clerks, $2,500.
For salary of clerk, $1,200.
For contingent expenses, $2,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
to offer an amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. I decline to yield.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I appeal to
the gentleman's generosity.
Mr. STEVENS. I have no generosity.
[Laughter.]
On seconding the demand for the previous
question there were—ayes 47, noes 46.
Mr. WRIGHT. I demand tellers.
Tellers were refused.
So the previous question was seconded.
On ordering the main question there were—
ayes 63, noes 36.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I call for the
yeas and nays on ordering the main question.
The yeas and nays were refused.
So the main question was ordered.
Mr. WASHBCJRNE, of Illinois. I ask for
a separate vote on the amendments.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I ask for a
separate vote on the amendment of the gentle-
man from Illinois [M?. Washburne] repealing
a section of another law, which was not under-
stood by anybody.
' The SPEAKER. If there is no objection
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] will be reserved
until the others are acted upon.
The question being taken on agreeing to the
rest of the amendments reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole, they were agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment
reserved on motion of Mr. Harding, of Ken-
tucky, namely, to add to section three the
following:
t And the twenty-fourth section of the act entitled
"An act to amend an act entitled ' An act for enroll-
ing and calling out the national forces, and for other
purposes.' approved March 3,1853," and approved
July 2it 1861, be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I ask to have
the twenty-fourth section, which that amend-
ment proposes to repeal, read.
Mr. ROLLINS. I object.
Mr. HARDIN G, of Kentucky. I appeal to
the gentleman to withdraw his objection. I
simply want the law read that you propose to
repeal.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. HARDIN G, of Kentucky. I rise to a
question of order. Is it in order in a mere
appropriation bill to repeal an existing law that
vests title without having that law read ?
The SPEAKER. It is too late; the bill is
reported from the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. Another
point of order. I was sitting here all the time
and the noise was such that I did not hear it,
and I was not aware of the amendment being
made until the gentleman told me. That was
the first information I had.
Mr. ROLLINS. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. BINGHAM. I renew it. Every mem-
ber of the House is supposed to understand
what the law is.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I demand
the yeas and nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I rise to a point of order.
I think I have a right to know, before I vote
on this question, what law is repealed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order on the ground that every mem-
ber of Congress is presumed to know every
law that has been passed.
Mr. TRIMBLE. That is a very violent pre-
sumption. [Laughter.]
The question being taken on agreeing to the
amendment, it was decided in the affirmative—
years 83, nays 38, not voting 61; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Delos R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baker, Barker,
Baxter, Bidwell, Bingham, Bromwell, Bun dy, Reader
W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Conkling, Cook,
Dawes, Defrees, Deming, Donnelly, Driggs, Eggles-
ton, Eliot, Ferry, Garfield, Grinnell, Abner C. Hard-
ing, Hart, Henderson, Higby, Holmes, Asahel W.
Hubbard, JohnlJ. Hubbard. James R.Hubbell, Hul-
burd, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Julian, Kasson, Kelso, Ket-
cham, Laflin, "William Lawrence, Longyear, Marston,
Marvin, McClurg, JVleKee, Meltuer, Mercur, Miller,
Moorhead, Morrill, Morris, Moulton, Myers, Newell,
O'Neill, Paine, Perham, Pike, Price, AlexanderM.
Rice, John H. Rice, Rollins, Sawyer,Scofield, Spald-
ing, Stevens, Thayer, Trowbridge,YanAernam,Burt
Van Horn,Robert T. Van Horn, Ward, Warner, El-
ihu B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn, Welker,
James F. Wilson, and Windoin—83.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Benjamin, Bergen, Boyer,
Coffroth, Eldridge.Finck, Glossbrenner, Grider„Hale,
Aaron Harding, Harris, Hogan, Chester D. Hubbard,
Humphrey, Johnson, Latham, Le Blond, Marshall,
Niblack. Nicholson, Noell, Phelps, Samuel J. Ran-
dall, William H.Randall, Ritter, Rogers, Ross, Rous-
seau, Shanklin, Strouse, Taber, Taylor, Thornton,
Trimble, Whaley, Williams, and Wright—38.
NOT VOTING—Messrs.Baldwin, Banks, Beaman,
Blaine. Blow, Boutwell, Brandegee, Broomall, Buck-
land, Chanler, Cullom, Culver, Darling, Davis, Daw-
son, Delano, Denison, Dixon, Dodge, Dumont, Eck-
ley, Farnswortb, Farquhar, Goodyear, Griswold,
Hayes, Hill, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Demas Hubbard,
Edwin N. Hubbell, Jones, Kelley, Kerr, Kuyken-
dall, George V. Lawrence, Loan, Lynch, McCul-
lough, Mclndoe, Orth, Patterson, Plants, Pome-
roy, Radiord, Raymond, Schenck, Shellabarger,
Sitgreaves, Sloan, Smith, Starr, Stilwell, Francis
Thomas, John L. Thomas, Upson, William B.
Washburn, Wentworth, Stephen F. Wilson, Win-
field, and Woodbridge—61.
So the amendment was agreed to.
During the roll-eall,
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, stated that
his -colleague, Mr. Or.th, was confined to his
room by sickness.
The result having been announced as above
recorded,
The question recurred on the amendment of
Mr. Stevens to reinsert the second section of
the bill; and there were—ayes 35, noes 30; no
quorum voting. *"
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were refused.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were refused.
Tellers were then ordered on agreeing to
the amendment; and the Chair appointed Mr.
Washburne, of Illinois, and Mr. Stevens.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 60, noes 37.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. STEVENS. I demand the previous
question on the passage.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I demand the
yeas and nays on the passage.
The yeas and nays were refused.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I demand
tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were refused.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; -and also moved
to lfty the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. ANCONA. I demand the regular order.
election contest fuller vekstjs dawson.
The House resumed the consideration of the
regular order of business, being the considera-
tion of the report of the Committee of Elec-
tions in the case of Fuller vs. Dawson, from
the twenty-first congressional district of Penn-
sylvania, on which Mr. Paine was entitled to
the floor.
Mr. PAINE addressed the House. [His
remarks will be found in the Appendix.]
The resolution reported by the Committee
of Elections was as follows:
Resolved, That Hon. John L. Dawson is entitled to
retain his seat as Representative in the Thirty-Ninth
Congress from the twenty-first district of the State of
Pennsylvania.
The pending question was upon the motion
of Mr. Scofield to amend by striking out all
after the word "resolved" and inserting in
lieu thereof the following:
That Hon. John L. Dawson is not entitled to retain
his seat as Representative in the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress from the twenty-first district of the State of
Pennsylvania.
Resolved, That Smith Fuller is entitled to a seat as
a Representative in the Thirty-Ninth Congress from
the twenty-first district of Pennsylvania.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I call for the yeas and
nays on the amendment.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and upon a division there were
—ayes 13, noes 95 ; not one fifth in the affirm-
ative.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. HOTCHKISS called for tellers on order-
ing the yeas and nays.
The question was taken; and there were,
upon a division—ayes thirteen, not one fifth
of a quorum.
So tellers were refused, and the yeas and
nays were refused.
The amendment was then disagreed to.
The question recurred upon the resolution
reported by the committee.
Air. SCOFIELD. I call for the yeas and
nays on agreeing to the resolution.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and upon a division, there
were—ayes 16, nQes 100.
So (one fifth not voting in the affirmative) the
yeas and nays were not ordered.
The resolution of the committee was then
to.
Mr. PAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. PAINE, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, reported the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That there be paid to Smith Fuller, out
of the contingent fund of the House, the sum of
$2,500 in full for time spent and expenses incurred
in contesting the right of Hon. John L. Dawson to
a seat in this House as a Representative from the
twenty-first congressional district of Pennsylvania.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
