1882
TIIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
information to some deserting soldiers in the
neighborhood. A company of soldiers arrested
liim, brought him from Illinois to Indianapolis,
and brought him in irons. He was placed in
a dungeon in that city for ten days within three
quarters of a mile of my law office, and that
man was denied the right to send me word or
to drop me a line. I never dreamed that he
was in one of those dungeons, or I certainly
should have done everything for 'his relief,
because I knew him to be an honest and worthy
man. After he had been kept in the dungeon
for ten days he was put in irons again and
taken through the village in which he formerly
lived in irons, for no purpose (inasmuch as he
was surrounded by a sufficient guard of sol-
diers) except to degrade him in the eyes of the
people among whom he had once lived.
Now, sir, suppose that there were an order
from a superior officer to arrest him, is this
cruelty that was practiced upon him—and I
give it as but one instance of a thousand—this
cruelty in excess of obedience to the authority
and mandate of a superior officer, to go unpun-
ished, when the sufferer brings his suit in court?
Why, sir, men have been put to the torture to
make them confess their own guilt, and it was
under the command of the commanding officer,
tied by their thumbs and held in that position
until compelled to confess. It is said that this
is to be justified because it was done under the
command of the commanding officer. The
officer in command at Indianapolis, I dare say.
never did himself tie any poor creature up by
the thumbs, and make him stand upon his"toes
until the agony became so horrible that the
innocent had to confess to the guilt of bounty
jumping; but these cruelties that east a dark
shade upon our records as a people were exe-
cuted by inferior officers or by soldiers under
the command of superiors.
Ntfw, sir, is it intended that there shall be
a justification in court for such horrible out-
rages as that? I was very slow myself to be-
lieve that such things were being done until
one day an attorney who has his office across
the hall from mine came into my office in great
excitement, and said that he had witnessed
what he hoped never to see again ; he had been
called by professional duties to what is known
as the ''Soldier's Home," under which there
is a dungeon, in that city. He told me that he
saw two alleged bounty jumpers, and there
■was not evidence against them, and they were
tied with cords by their thumbs and made to
stand in that position in the most horrible
agouy.
I know it cannot be the purpose of Senators
to justify such cruelty as this. These things
are recorded in history as having been indulged
in former times, and stand in history but to
be condemned by the civilization of this age.
When tbey are repeated among us shall an
act of Congress be read in the courts as a
defense for such conduct?
Mr. President, I only intend to urge the
appeal made by the Senator from Delaware,
that some further time should be given for the
consideration of this bill, that its immediate
passage to-day is certainly not called for, and
that it be deliberately considered by the Sen-
ate. I cannot believe that it is the purpose of
the Senate to enact a bill so general and so
sweeping in its provisions as this, and without
any of the limitations usually found in acts
intended to indemnify public officers.
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President, I would not
urge the passage of this bill at the present time
did I suppose that any Senator needed time for
its consideration, or that any Senator would
say that he did and designed to consider it.
The Senator from Indiana opposes its present
consideration, but he does not say that he wants
further time to consider it; and his correct
analysis of the bill, and his statement of
the purview and powers of the bill, and his
objections to it. show clearly that he does not
want any further time for that purpose. He
has discussed it so thoroughly and so ably on
that side of the question, that he has cle'arly
shown that his time and attention have been
given to it, and that he does not need further
time. I think the arguments he has made
against the bill are a strong argument against
the postponement on that ground.
Mr. CONNESS. Ibegthe Senator'spardon.
Those are old arguments ; I have heard them
many times.
Mr. CLARK. They are old arguments. I
did not say when the Senator from Indiana had
given his attention to the bill; I was only argu-
ing that lie had, at some time, done so, and
therefore did not require any more time for that
purpose. Itis very true they are old arguments;
they are arguments which were urged against
the passage of the act to which this bill is an
amendment, more than three years ago. This
bill does not confer any new powers upon cer-
tain officers of the Government; but it confers
the powers which were granted to the Presi-
dent, and other officers who show an order from
him, three years ago. upon certain other offi-
cers, thus enlarging the sphere and operation
of the act.
The Senator from Indiana objects to the
scope because he says that any search which
may be made by any Federal officer under the
command of another officer, by his order,
either in writing or verbal, special or general,
may be defended against by virtue of that
order. That was exactly the provision of the
act of 1803. Section four of that act pro-
vided :
"That any order of the President, or under his
authority, mode at any time during the existence of
the present rebellion, shall be a defense in all courts
to any action or prosecution, civil or criminal, pend-
ing, or to be commenced, for any search"—
Precisely the same word used here—
" seizure"—
Precisely the same—
" arrest
Just the same—
" or imprisonment, made, done, or committed, or acts
omitted to be done, under or by virtue of such order."
The same things were provided for three
years ago, and it not only provided for search,
seizure, arrest, or imprisonment done or com-
mitted, but acts omitted to be done, and it
provided also, in the same language with this
bill, for other trespasses or wrongs done or com-
mitted. The Senator has only revived, I pre-
sume,^ the consideration which he gave to that
old bill when it was passed three years ago,
and alleged his objections to that against this
bill. It _ certainly cannot be that he wants
further time now for the consideration of this
bill, and I do not understand that any other
Senator desires time for its consideration.
The Senator from Indiana says that he under-
stood I was to call up another bill; but he will
remember precisely how that understanding
came. It was not to-day, but yesterday, when
he asked me to take up another bill. I told
him I proposed to take up a bill in regard to
jurors. It is entirely true that I did say that
yesterday : but on the suggestion of some Sen-
ator that this bill was needed, that persons
affected by it weie anxious it should be passed,
I concluded to ask the Senate t^ take up this
bill as one of more pressing importance than
that fixing the right of jurors. I think I was
right in that regard. It is a bill of more press-
ing importance, and the attention of the Sen-
ate should be first given to it.
Now, Mr. President, up.on this motion to
postpone, if the Senate will pardon me, I will
follow the course of the Senator from Indiana
a little. ^ I know that it is not in order to debate
the provisions of the bill on a motion to post-
pone, and if anybody objects I shall not do so.
Mr. GRIMES. Why not take a vote on the
motion to postpone, and then go on?
Mr. CLARK. I^will adopt the suggestion
of the Senator from Iowa. Let the vote bo
taken on the motion to postpone. If the bill
is postponed I shall not trouble the Senate ;
and if it is not, I shall say a few words further. 1
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope the Senator from '
New Hampshire will allow this bill to lie over. !
Of course I am as desirous as he is that the
end which the bill has in view should be reached,
but th^re is some danger possibly that in re-
gions of the country where martial law has
never prevailed, injustice may be done under
this bill; and I desire to look into it with a
view, perhaps, to offer some amendments.
Mr. CLARK. I will cheerfully accede to
the request of the Senator from Vermont, as I
would to that of any other Senator who had
not considered the bill as I knew the Senator
from Indiana had abundantly, and let the bill
go over until to-morrow; and I shall a--k the
Senate now to go on with the other bill to
which I have alluded.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
llOf'SE DILLS KEfi'LKUHD.
The following bills and joint resolutions from
the House of Representatives wore severally
read twice by their titles, and referred as
indicated below :
| A bill (H. R. No. 397) to authorize the coin-
j age of five-cent pieces—to the Committee on
' Finance.
A bill (H. R. No. 471) to provide that the
" Soldier's Individual Memorial" shall be car-
ried through the mails at the usual rate of
printed matter —to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
A bill (H. R. No. 47'2) for the relief of George
R." Prank, late captain thirty-third regiment
Wisconsin volunteer infantry—to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
•A joint resolution (H. R. No. 88j expressive
of the thanks of Congress to Major General
Wmfield S. Hancock—to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
A joint resolution (H. li. No. 107) for the
relief of Rev. Harrison Heerinance, late chap-
lain one hundred and twenty-eighth regiment
New York volunteers — to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 108) appoint-
ing managers for the National Asylum for Dis-
abled Volunteer Soldiers—to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
A bill (H. R. No. 249) to establish a land
office in the Territory of Idaho—to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
QUALIFICATION OF JURORS.
On motion of Air. CLARK, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (S. No. 84) in relation to the
qualification of jurors and to writs of error in
certain cases, the pending question being on the
amendment reported by the Committee on the
Judiciary to strike out all after the enacting
j clause of the bill, and in lieu of the words
stricken out to insert the following:
That no per-on shall bo disqualified to act upon any
grand or petit jury by reason of having loirood or
expressed an opinion upon the matter or canto to be
submitted to such jury, founded upon public rumor,
statements in public journals, or common notoiii'ty,
provided he be otherwise competent, and it *hall
appear to the satisfaction of the court, upon his dec-
laration nnder oath, or otherwise, that he can and
will, notwithstanding such an opinion, act impariially
and fairly upon the matters to be submitted to inn.
Sf.c. 2. Andbeit further ciwctal, That any question
of law arisingupon thetrial of any person m anydis-
trict or circuit court of the United States, or in the
supremo court of the District of Columbia, for any
offense, the punishment whereof may b« death, may
beiemorcd to the Supreme Couj t ol the Uni led Slates
by writ of error, to bo sued out within sixty dav*. after
the entry of the final judgment in such ca-e in the
courts below; and thereupon* proceedings slu.ll be
stayed in said courts, and the questions of law heard
and determined in said Supreme Court of tlie United
States, and such order sent to the court below, affirm-
ing or reversing the judgment, as the determination
of such questions of law may require.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, this is
a very important, bill. Perhaps it may bo a
I proper bill; I am not prepared now to discuss
! its merits. I have simply heard it read, and
it strikes me that it requires thought, and it
requires consideration. I do not think that, a
bill of such importance ought to be pressed to
a vote now. It is true, I suppose, that it, has
been upon our files; but everybody knows that
bills are under the consideration of certain
committees to be examined and reported upon,
and Senators not upon those committees are
