1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. Speaker, I have expressed my views as i|
briefly as possible in reference to the legal ji
rights of the parties respectively to occupy the :i
seat, now in dispute. Beyond this 1 shall not ,
go. It is kuov/n to us all that during the dark I
and gloomy days of the war through which j
happily we have just passed successfully, while j
a large portion of the northern people openly
pronounced the efforts of the Government to .
restore the Union " a failure.' the soldiers of !]
the Republic never repined, never faltered, ji
They did not. however, in taking up arms throw !i
off their citizenship ; nor did th''vescape anx- :|
iety in regard to the conduct, of civil affairs.
We know that the sagacious, intrepid men of 'j
the Army often expressed more fear and appro- 1
hension of the disloyal ballot at home than of
the treacherous bullet on the field of battle. ;;
While they watched the movements of the rob- I
els in front, they kept a vigilant eye upon the (|
enemy in the rear. They knew that peace must ; |
come from victory. They knew that hundreds ji
of thousands of northern men were ready to
make ignominious terms with traitors. They
knew that without the retention of a loyal Con-
gress all their toils, dangers, wounds, and sac-
rifices would be suffered in vain. We cannot j
marvel that they were anxious to keep the power ] j
to raise men and money for the prosecution of ;|
the war in loyal hands. We may see how diffi- ||
cult would be the task to convince them that ;i
a love of country strong enough to induce the 'I
hazard of their lives in her defense should >1
render them unlit and unsafe to speak through
their Representatives in the councils of the
nation. And perhaps we may find it difficult
to satisfy our own minds that men should be
disfranchised because they stand bleeding in j
the defense of their country. These consider- '(
ations. and many others of which they are sug- !|
gestive, might appeal powerfully to our pas- J
sions, our sympathies, and our gratitude ; but I
put then all aside. I look to the law in the ;
ease, which alone must be ourguide It would
be disingenuous, however, to deny that it is
satisfactory to know that in this ease justice j
and law are commingled: that in recognizing
the manhood and citizenship of the soldier, and
his right to participate in the Government of j
that country in whose defense he is periling his j
life, we follow the dictates, as well of conscience |
as of gratitude, and uphold and maintain the
supreme law of the land. j
Mr. .MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I do not j
know whether the resolutions appended to the '•
minority report are properly belore the House j
at this time. If not, I propose to otler these |
resolutions as a substitute for that submitted by j
the majority of the committee: ,
llcsulend. That Hon. Rowland K. Tiov,'bridge is '
not entitled to bold the. seat now occupied hy him in
this Hou^e as a Representative ironi the Stuto of
Jlichiiam. '
Hoot**/, That Ansartiw C.Baldwin has We,i duiy
elected uf a Itt'pre^enUrivi. fioin the State of M.chi-
gan to the Thirty-Xitllh Congress, nnd is entitled to n
seat in this Hou&e. ,
I wish at this time, also, to state that I have
been requested by Mr. Rad'souo, a member of '
the Committee of Elections, to say that he con- j
curs with the minority report, and that he had
directed that, his name should be appended to j
the same. His name is omitted, as the report
now appears, and i make this statement in
order to place liim right on the record in re-
gard to this matter.
I do not pi'Oiinse, Mr. Speaker, to enter at
any great length into the discussion of the ques-
tions involved in this contest. Most ol the points
which I de-ire to make have already been pre-
sented as fully as 1 desire to present them in
the report of the minority which has been read
at. the Clerk's desk. 1 have listened with some
attention to the elaborate and well-considered
argument of the gentleman from Michigan,
[M.r. IViuman", 1 and' while it has satisfied me
that a very ingenious argument may bc_made
upon any side of almost any question, it has
failed to convince me that there is any correct-^
xtess in the position assumed by the majority ol
the committee. I am still satisfied that legally,
under the constitution and laws of Michigan, !|
and under the Constitution ofthc United States, Jj
Mr. Baldwin, the contestant, is entitled to the it
seat on this lloor which he now claims. |!
Mr. Speaker, we sometimes rush to conclu-
sions without sufficient premises or authority \
for so doing, and it does seem to me that if j
honorable members of this House will for them- ,
selves look into the question involved in this ;
case, if they wiil lay aside everything like par- ;
tisan considerations and determine the ques- !
tion simply upon its merits, they cannot fail to i
arrive at a correct conclusion upon it. Sir, we i
are declared by the Constitution of the United j
States to be the proper judges ofihe election, 1
returns, and qualifications of the members of!
this House. We are acting in the capacity of j
judges. But that does not authorize us to al- !
low any considerations except the mere legal
question involved to enter into the determina-
tion of the ease. As judges we should decide
all legal questions with as much solemnity as
if we were sitting as judges on the bench of any
court of the country under our solemn oaths
and responsibilities as such.
The gentleman from Michigan has taken up
a great deal of time in the argument that he
has submitted to the House in attempting to
prove that the absence of citizens of Michigan j
in the armies ofthc United States, and beyond j
the limits of the State of Michigan, does not j
disqualify them as electors in the State of Mich- j
igan. For myself I take no such posiLion. God j
forbid that l" should here or elsewhere hold or ;
insist that the citizens of any State, because of
the exercise of the highest duties of patriots
and patriotism, in going into the armies of the
country for the pm-posc ofvindicating the honor
and integrity of the country, should thereby be
disfranchised. 1 take no such position. I do
not say that the absence of a citizen from his
State, called away in the discharge of any duty
whatever, disqualifies him as an elector in the
State; bnt 1 take this position, that under the
constitution and laws of Michigan, one of the
conditions nccessaay to the exercise oi'lhe elect-
ive, franchise was wanting; not that the citizen
himself was disqualified, but he could not be
present, at the election, and his presence was
required by the constitution of the State of
Michigan.
We here arc all absent from our States and
from our homes: we are all qualified electors
ofthc States in which we live. If an election
should happen to transpire to-day in any one
of these Stales, the man who is here, absent
( from his home, cannot exercise the right or
franchise of an elector. Win cen lie notXot
! because he is disfranchised or disqualified as
all elector by his absence, but because the law
! of the State requires that he shall be predentin
j per.-on for the purpose of depositing his ballot.
! Mr. SCOFIELD. ifthegenileman will allow
j me. 1 will ask him if the law of the State did
; not prescibo the place of voting for the soldier
' in the military service of the United States at
. the military headquarters; and if tie was not
. required to be pei sonaliy present at the place
I prescribed by law?
j Mr. MARSHALL. 1 will come to that in a
j moment. I am arguing upon the supposition,
i which 1 take to be borne out by the authorities
| submitted to the House, that the constitution
j of the State of Michigan does require that the
| elector shall vote in the township in which he
i resides.
| Mr. SOOFIELD. The act of the Legis-
lature provides that he may vote in another
j place. The only question is whether the Legis-
lature or the constitutional convention had a
I right to prescribe the place of voting for Rep-
j resentatives in Congress.
ilr. MARSHALL. That is unquestionably
true, but the gentleman is coming t.o a point in
the case that I have not yet arrived at. I am
answering the. argument of the gentleman from
Michigan. [Mr. Biiamax,] in regard to the ques-
tion of qualification. He was combatting the
idea that the place of voting is any part of the
qualification of the elector. That is conceded,
and therefore that portion of'his argument was
wholly unnecessary. I do not contend that the
place of voting is a, part of the qualification of
the elector although there are some decisions
that use that language, but I think that it is
a misuse of terms. It is a conditio!! necessary
to the exercise of the right at that time, and
the elector not being able to be present at the
time, one of the conditions necessary to the
exercise of the elective ftanchise was wanting,
and therefore he could not, properly vote.
1 was answering that proposition of the gen-
tleman from Michigan, and had not yet come to
the point which the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Soofiei.dJ presents.
Now, it is conceded, 1 believe—it certainly is
in the report ofthc majority of the committee,
and I understood it to be conccded bythe gentle-
man from Michigan [Mr. Seaman] who has just
taken his seat—thatthecousfitution of theState
of Michigan does require that the elector shall be
present in his township and personally present
his vote there on the day of the election. That
is not denied ; but it is said that the Legislature
of the State of Michigan have passed a law au-
thorizing polls to be opened outside of the State
of Michigan, and at certain points beyond the
limits of that Slate. Kow, sir, the proper con-
struction to be placed on the constitution of the
State of Michigan has been settled by the su-
preme court of that State, and the judges of that
court have done themselves immortal honor in
deciding correctly the law of their State, al-
though their decision was manifestly contrary
to tin; natural feeling which they entertained in
lcgard to what are considered the rights of the
soldiers of the armies of the Republic. God
forbid that any right should be denied to citi-
zens who are exercising the highest privilege of
patriots unless the organic law of the country
requires that certain forms shall be observed.
The gallant soldiers who went- out to fight
for the Constitution and laws of the country will
not demand that, the Constitution and laws
shall be trampled on for the purpose of secur-
ing them a right, which is not taken from them,
but only for a time suspended by the constitu-
tion of Michigan, and which they can exercise
with the same privilege as all other citizens
when they return to ttie townships in "which
they live, just as you and 1 can do when we
return to the townships in which we live. We
cannot exercise the elective franchise while we
are here in the discharge of our official duties,
and by the constitution of "Michigan the elect-
ors ol' that State do not exercise the elective
franchise when absent fiom the State in the
discharge of their dul y as citizens, not because
they have not an equitable right to the exercise
of this franchise, but because the fundamental
law of their State prescribes that every vote
cast by an elector shall be cast in the township
in which ho resides.
The supreme court, all four judges, were,
as I am informed, of the political party to which
the sitting member belongs. Their sympathies,
and in fact the sympathies of all the good peo-
ple of the country, went out with the soldiers
as thev marched on in defense of the rights and
the Constitution of their country. The judges
knew that the sympathies of the people were
with the soldiers in declaring that their votes
should be counted in every election 111 which
they had been cast. But these judges arose above
partisan considerations, 'i hey found the con-
stitution of the State of Michigan, with its sol-
emn guarantees, in their road, and, as honest
judges, they declared that the act o f the Legisla-
ture was ill conflict with that constitution, and,
in consequence thereof, if, was null and void,_
And their decision was approved by the entire
people of Michigan, as I understand it. The
leading judge of that court, who gave the ablest
opinion, was reelected to that court by all parties
of the people, because of his independence and
manhood in thus construing properly the con-
stitution of his State.
Mr. SCOF1F1T). T wKh to inquire of the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Marshall] if the
supreme court ofthe Stat e of Michigan hadunuer
