1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
821
therefore, of vast importance that these ques-
tions should be considered carefully and decided
properly.
I insist that this very House has time and
again decided the very question now before us,
and has uniformly decided it in favor of the
position I have taken. There is not a decision
to be found anywhere in antagonism to this
position.
The case of Shiel vs. Thayer, in the Thirty-
Seventh Congress, reported in Bartlett's Con-
tested-Election Cases, page 3-19, is directly in
point. The syllabus of the case says:
"The constitution of Oregon has fixed beyond the
contiol of its Legislature the time for holding an elec-
tion lor Representative in Congress.
" The report ia that case wsi-3 made by thothen and
now able chairman of the Committee of Elections, I
Mr. Baytks, and the right of Mr. Shiel to the seat
was placed distinctly on the ground that the people
of Oregon had the right in their constitution to lix
the time for the election of a member ot Con#ress._
" The committor4, jsavs the report, are of the opin-
ion thatthe election held f.>r Representative in Con-
gress on the first Monday m June. 186;J. was held in
pursuance of, and in conformity with, the constitu-
tion and laws of Oregon, and that consequently the
contestant is entitled to the seat. And aaam: not-
withstandini? this conbliuition.il provision that gen-
eral elections shall be held on the fn>t Monday of ;
June bicaiuallv, the Legislature of Oregon seem* to
have believed that it had nowcr to fix another tune ij
foithc election of Representative m Conjric.-V " " ji
* " The committee have not deemed it ucees- ;,
sary to determine what those reasons are tor. "With >j
all due respcct to the opinions oi theeemlemencom- !|
posing the Legislature, they are ot opinion that tni^
fiou^e mu-t neveuhelo-s be the final judtro oi the ^
meaning of this clause ot the constitution oi Oregon, j;
Anil, for ti'e n: i^m fetatd1, the committee have no
doubt that the eon,>htution of the Si ate has fixed be-
yond the contiol of the Legislature the timefor huld-
insan election lorlleprcsentativein Co rh  3, at the
general election to be held biennially, and that at
such election, held in pui.manee of the constitu-
tion, the contestant \\a< duly elected. And asram,
in the debate in the House on this ca>?>, Mr. D.vsvr:.-*
said, ' It oecuis to me, fir, thai that provision of the
Constitution of the Uniicd States whieh&ays Jhat tiie
time and place shall be M>cciiie;l by the L'^iidaiure
of each State, meantsimpH'tno t they should b_e fixed
by the eonfstiluicd aulhoixty of the State until Con-
gress iUclf shoaldlix a time for the election in alltac
State:-.'
Mr. UPSON. I would ask the gentlemen
■whether the Legislature of the State of Oregon
had passed any act in reference to the election
of a Keprc-entative in Cougiess .'
Mr. MARSHALL. The constitution of the
Slate hud iixed the time for holding the elec-
tion, and the decision was placed dibiinc.Iy upon
the ground that- the constitution of the State
did govern as to the time, place, and manner
of holding the election.
Mr. JOHNSON. Allow uie to answer the
The constitution oi'iho
gentle tnan' s q ucstion.
State of Oregon provided that the laws enroled
by the Territorial Legislat ure should he in force
until repealed by the State Legislature. Mie
Territorial Legislature provided lor the election
of a Delegate to Congress. It was on that au-
thority the decision was made.
Mr. UPSON. Does the Constitution of the
United States recpgmze a Territorial Legisla-
ture in this connection? |
Mr. J OHXSON. 1 was speaking of the con- i
stitution of the State of Oregon. !
Mr. MARSHALL. I preh-rg-ung on myself, j
Now, sir, here is the language of the committee ,
in that case, and the members of this House i
must determine for themselves whether this
was not the point which at that time was oefore
the committee and the House ior decision:
"The eonrnittce are oi opinion thatthe ele^iion
held ior II■:jj. esentiitive in Oneness on tbo hrst _don-
day in Jun". 1830. was hold m pin saanceand m con-
formity with theconsl iturion and l.iwsoi Opt'on. and
til tt consequently the contestant is entitled t o tne
seat." * "" w ."
"The committee would have bid no <macu.iV m
coming to this conclusion had it not been tovt.ie
action of the L"cislata:e oi Oregon upon tr.i--aoje, -
Notwithstanding this constitutional juovi.-ion lliit
general ei e. iloir- shall be held on the ttrst MoikI'V
of June biennially, the Legislature of Oico:on sepins
to h we believed that il had power to_ tix another^ur.e
for the e lee ti on of Representatives ill Cou-ress.
* A * s * * « ■*
" Various reasons have been mven for this actionof
the Legislature, about which the contestant ant. sit-
ting member widely differ. The committee have 1101
deemed it necessary to determine what tnose reasons
are, lor, with all due respect, to the oi/.nious ot tne
gentlemen toiiiposin? that Legislature. they are ot
opinion that this llniw must nevertheless be tne
final judge of the meaning of this clause ot the con-
stitution 01 Oregon, so far as it touches the question |
under consideration. And tor the reasons stated
the committee have no (bubt that the constitution
of th^ State has fixed, beyond the control oft!ie fe'ce—
lature, the time tor holding an election of itcprcscnt-
ativo in Con'.;ie?s at the seneral election to be held
biennially, and that at such election, so held, in pui -
sunnce of the constitution, the contestant was duly
elected to the Thirty-Seventh Congress."
Thus it .appears that the committee in that
ease placed the right of the party directly oil
the very question that is now before the House
for its decision. That report was made by
the present chairman of the Committee of
Elections, TMr. Dawes,] anil the decision -was
placed distinctly on the ground that the people
of Oregon had the right to fix limits, by "their
constitution, upon the action of their Legisla-
ture in regard to the time of holding elections.
They fixed it beyond the control of the Legis-
lature.
Mr. JOHNSON. I would like to inquire of j
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Sco-
rn;i,T) ] if lie intends to have a vote upon this
question this afternoon.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If it, can be reaehed to-
night 1 wished tn have the vote. I will not
determine anything about it, only I do not be-
lieve it will be reached.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Mahshallj yield.'
Mr. MARSHALL. I would like to hear the
chairman of the committee, but I would a little
rather get through.
Mr. DAWES. 1 desire to say, as I agree
with the committee in the conclusion to which |
they have arrived, and as 1 still adhere to the 1
position assumed in that report which the gen- I
tleman has quoted from, that I would consider :
it a privilege if the genll-man would let, me I
have a minute or two for the purpose of stating j
the grounds upon which 1 mi lived at that con- ,
elusion, and the reason why 1 am still oi the
opinion expressed in that report.
Mr. MAiiSiiALL. Mr. Speaker,howmuch
time have 1 got i enabling
The Si'EAiCE'.L Nineteen minutes.
Mr. MAKSlIALL. X will yield if it is not
taken out, of my time.
No objection being made. Mr. Dawes was
allowed to proceed as follows-
Mr. DAWES. 1 agree with the majority of
the committee in the resolution reported bv
them, that the Fitting member is enliile.il to his
seat, and I think that ;v.,o!.r,ion ought to pass.
1 do not, hoivever. concur fniiy in the views
set forth in the report of the committee by
which they anive at that conclusion: and as
the posbion which wa-' as.-umed by the Com- |i
raitt -e of Elections inlHl upon ihii pointhas
been summoned in aid ol the minority report
in this ce-e. I desire brieliy to state tny view
of the Sllb'ect.
The report of the majority of the committee
as well as that of the minority, proceeds upon
what tliev concede to he the fact, that the stat-
ute of the State of Michigan is in conflict with
the constitution of that State. It goes upon
that concession very much to my surprise, for
1 think that uob-nly can road the constitution
and bo ei
x-iy
ot
wh
of the State of Mieh.i,.
that the statute of tin; State of^Miehigan is at
all in eoiiliiet with that constitution _ I f. there-
fore, the statute of the State of Michigan al-
lowing its soldiers to vote outside of the State
is no" in conflict with the constitution of the
State, the whole argument, as well as the whole
ground taken bv the minority, falls.
Let me ask the House to listen to tins clause
the constitution of the State of Michigan,
ieii it i,> conceded in tins whole argument
this so;diers' voting law ts m eontnet with.
"Xo citizen or inhabitant shall be an elector, or
entitled to vote at anv election, unless uc shall lie
above the ace of twenty-one ycais. and hasiesi.ted
in tiie State three months, and in the townsmp oi
ward in which he otters to vote ten days next prc-
cedim such election.''
The provision in relation to -'the^ tou-rstiip
or ward in which lie offers to vote' is claimed
bv ihose who pronounce this statute unconsti-
tutional to require that the voter must be per-
sonally present in that township or th:
to deposit his vote, T •1~ tl""1
; ward
I do not think it by any
means follows that he must be personally ptes-
ent. The mode and manner of his depositing
his vote in that township or ward is not pre*
scribed in the constitution of the State of Mich-
igan. It may be by proxy. It is just as com-
petent for him to vote by proxy as it is for him
to vote in person, inasmuch as there is no ex-
press provision that fie shall vote in person.
The State of New York has adopted that very
method of voting, by proxy. The sole purpose-,
it seems to me, of the provision in the consti-
tution of Michigan is to prescribe that in that
township or ward his vote shall be deposited
and be effectual and count, but on the mode
and maimer in which it shall bo so deposited
the constitution of the State of Michigan is si-
lent. leaving it for the Legislature to prescribe.
I do not believe the constitution of Michigan
contemplated that it should not be in the power
of the Legislature of the State to provide that
all voters in a city might deposit their ballots
| in a single ballot-box. If this argument against
the constitutionality of the soldiers' voting law
is sustained, it prevents the Legislature of
Michigan from providing that the electors of a
given city shall deposit their votes in a single
| ballot-box at one place in the city, but they
I must be deposiicd in as many voting precincts
| as there are wards. I do not think the consti-
j tution of Michigan is open to that construction.
I At any rate it is not by any means free of doubt
! on that point, and I cannot pronounce a law of
i the State of Michigan unconstitutional unless
! there is some clearer leason for it than that
suggested by this argument; and therefore it is
that upon that ground alone I am able tb sua
tain this position of the committee and still
adhere to the position taken by the committee
in IStjl.
There is another point, however, upon which
the decision of the committee in 1801 would
stand unaffected by this case even were the law
of the State of Michigan in conflict with the
constitution of that State, it has been alluded
to by my colleague on the committee, and also
by the gentiem in from Michigan, [ Mr. Beam an".]
There was no law in the Sta'e of Oregon in
conflict with its constitution. The State ;)! Ore-
gon had omitted en'irely through it j Legislature
eo nomine to prescribe any other time for the
election of a member of Congress than_ that
which bad been prescribed in the constitutional
convention at the origin ol the State, winch was
itself a legislative body in very many respects,
so that there is no conflict between the position
here assumed by the committee and the posi-
tion assumed by the committee in that case,
though there may lie a conflict in the language
used in the report, for I adtnir that the language
of the report of the committee goes to the full
extent chumcd by the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Makshali.J at this time. I ad here to that
language, for I am not of opinion that the Legis-
lature of a State can, in conflict with its own
constitution, prescribe a different time or a dif-
ferent manner of holding the election. A State
or'Territory derives its Legislature from its con-
stitution, and when the constitution devolved
upon the Legislature to nomine this authority,
it must have assumed that that Legislature must
always act, when it did act. in conformity with
the very law of its being and under such^ lim-
itations as its creator had imposed upon it. ^ I
believe, as 1 did then, that whenever the Legis-
lature of a State is required by the constitu-
tion of the State to peifoim any act, it pre-
supposes that that Legislature would act in
conformity with the very law prescribed for its
existence by the constitution itself, which v.-as
its creator. _
If the doctrine is assumed that the Legisla-
ture of a State can. in spite of its constitution,
prescribe the mode and manner of election, then
it is competent for the Legislature of Michigan
to declare by a resolution that they will assem-
ble in the city of Baltimore and choose their
Senators in Congress, notwithstanding the con-
stitution of the State says it shall assemble at
the State capital. I do not think that the idea
that a Legislature can disregard the limitations
of the State constitution is at all necessary tor
