1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8805:
paying the United Statesfor it, without getting
a i^ rinit from the Secretary of the Interior.
Xow, Mr. President, if any Senator who can
advocate this measure will give us facts, state
to us the extent of this property, and what the
United States is going to gain by instituting
this system, I should like very much to hear
it. If the Land Office is able to state it, I
should like very much to hear it.
I am very certain that this bill had its origi-
nation in some cases that came up in my State,
where citizens of ours have expended as high
as SI50,000 of their property and means in
developing mineral springs. There is nothing
in the value of a mineral spring that should
induce the Government to become its peculiar
custodian. It is proposed now to make such
a man—but we are exempted from the opera-
tions of this act; but if there be a like case on
this side of the mountains it is proposed to
make such a man a tenant.
But, Mr. President, I have said enough at
present to call the attention of the Senate to the
bill. I regret very much that the honorable
Senator from New York, so enlightened, so lib-
eral, and so generous upon all subjects, should
undertake the advocacy of this bill.
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. President, since this bill
was before the Senate the other day, I have
taken occasion to consult with the Secretary
of the Interior in relation to it. The bill origi-
nated with that officer, and not in the Land
Office, as has been stated by the Senator from
California. The Secretary informed me that
there are in various places on the public lands
sak. springs. He pointed out on the map to me
some very rich and valuable springs in Ne-
braska, others in the southwest part of Kansas.
Ho informed me that he had repeated applica-
tions for the leasing of those salt springs. They
are reserved from sale and are situated on the
public lands. They are now unproductive, lying
idle. Individuals are willing to take those springs
upon leases, to improve, to erect the necessary
structures for manufacturing salt, to construct
the roads necessary to bring out the salt, and
thus create a manufacture which will be valu-
able to the inhabitants of that section of the
country.
He further stated what would not be perti-
nent to this bill, for the Committee on Public
Lands, out of regard to the Senators from the
Pacific coast—who are exceedingly sensitive
whenever the hand of the Government is laid
upon them—out of regard to their sensitiveness
rather than from any conviction of their judg-
ment, the committee have not made this bill
operative upon the Pacific coast; and yet the
Secretary informed me that there was an island
in the bay of San Francisco for which he had
been repeatedly offered a rent of S2,000, an
island reserved, which cannot be sold: and ly-
ing a little outside there is another clustei of
islands for which he has been offered a rent of
$3,000—two items which would pretty^ nearly
pay for the valuable services of the Senator
from California, if we were allowed to let them.
Under these circumstances, I cannot see why
the Government should not do as we as indi-
viduals would do, try to get a little revenue
from this idle property. It seems to me we
ounht to do it; and I cannot see any possible
objection to it. Why should we not allow these
springs to be let to individuals who will go on
and improve them, and thus perhaps derive
many thousand dollars of revenue? We need
it all. Why not allow it to be done? I can
hardly account for the sensitiveness of tne Sen-
ators from the Pacific coast on this subject. _
Mr. CONNESS. I should like to inquire
of the Senator whether he can tell us how and
why saline lands or salt lands and mineral
springs are reserved from sale, under what
la Mr. HARRIS. I cannot point out the law,
but I am sure there is one; and it has been the
policy of the Government never to sell them.
They have never been sold. . .
Mr. POMEROY. When a State is admitted
into the Union it is allowed twelve—at least
Kansas was—and the Government reserves the
remainder. We cannot buy a salt spring in
my State.
Mr. HARRIS. As I understand it, each
new State, on its admission, is allowed to re-
ceive some six springs, or some number of
springs 
Mr. POMEROY. From six to twelve.
Mr. HARRIS. And the rest is reserved to
the General Government.
Mr. C0NNESS. The honorable Senator,
when up, touched a point of this subject which
throws a flood of light upon it. He says that
this bill originated in applications made to the
Interior Department for leases for such prop-
erty, and that the Secretary of the Interior has
had applications offering two or three thousand
dollars per annum for islands in the bay of San
Francisco and outside of the bay. Now, this
explains the whole matter. Our people—I do
not mean now the people of California, but the
people of the United States—go and take pos-
session of a soda or sulphur spring; they bottle
the waters and send them into the market; they
erect such works and improvements as are
necessary to carry on that business; and then
their envious and jealous neighbors, knowing
that the title in fee has not -passed to those
persons, desire to get the legal possession from
the United States, and thus make these forms
of application. -
That is the origination of this bill. Appli-
cations have been made, we are told, i  the
Secretary of the Interior for islands in the
bay of San Francisco. What islands? There
are only a few islands there. There are only
three islands in that bay, namely Alcatraz,
Angel Island, and Yerba-Buena or Goat Isl-
and. They are all three Government reserves
for military purposes. The Government has
taken complete and entire possession of two
of them, and nobody is permitted to go upon
them except by leave of the Government. I
do not know whether the Government has
taken complete possession of the other, but
there are parties living upon it who, however,
have no title, the title being in the Govern-
ment of the United States, and they are set
apart by the President as part of the Govern-
ment reserves for war or defensive purposes.
It seems that parties apply for those islands.
Wliy ? Because they contain valuable quar-
ries of stone which, in one case, the Govern-
ment is now using. Parties, of course, would
give §2,000 for one of those large islands.
Our troops occupying the harbor of San hnin-
cisco are stationed on those islands. 1 h(JV
have farms and gardens for the support of the
posts upon them. .
Mr. HARRIS. Those are not the islands
to which the Secretary of the Interior referred.
Mr. CONNESS. Certainly they are, for
there are no other islands in the bay. The
Secretary of the Interior refers also to the
islands known as the Farallones, which are
outside of the liarbor. Those islands are held
by certain parties who claimed them at a very
early day, and they are very valuable because
they are inhabited by vast flocks of wild ducks
and other birds. They deposit their eggs upon
the islands, and they are taken to market by
persons who have had quiet possession ot those
islands since that country was settled. J.here
have been a great many quarrels in regard to
the possession of those islands, and parties who
have failed to get legitimate possession now
seek to get possession from the Government,
and make applications for that purpose. I he
whole business seems to me to be utterly out
of our sphere and improper to be done.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 do nofr- like to occupy
any time in regard to this bill; I will only say
that it is entirely different from the bills which
the Committee on Public Lands have usually
reported. We have been charged almost every
day with trying to get some lands from the
Government that belong to the Government,
an£ we thought we would see if we could get
some revenue to the Government from the pub-
lic lands. Under the tax bill of last year we
taxed mineral water about two cents a bottle,
it was thought to be, and it was, quite a source
of revenue. This year it is put on the free list.
I believe in the new tax bill mineral water does
not pay anything, so that the provision the Sen-
ator frota California spoke of may as well be
stricken out, because the present law does not
require any tax on mineral water.
Mr. CONNESS. You had better strike it
all out.
Mr. POMEROY. But I have this to add:
it is as legitimate a source of revenue to the
Government as any other source that the Gov-
ernment can apply to. The Senator from Cal-
ifornia says there is nothing too good for the
American people; they own the whole coun-
try, Government and all. That is pretty nearly
true; but while there is not anything too good
for the American people that the Government
owns, yet the Government is not in the habit
of giving to the American people everything
they have without some consideration. I do
not know what right the Government, or Con-
gress, which administers the affairs of the Gov-
ernment, has to give away valuable things with-
out some consideration. If we were out of debt,
and did not owe anything, and did not need to
collect any revenue,we could afford to be very
generous and give to individuals what belongs
to the public; but I do not believe that that is,
right under the present condition of affairs. I
believe the Government, and not individuals,
ought to acquire what benefits can be derived
from these springs; and whatever lease canba
put upon these mineral springs that will pro-
duce money to the Government is a legitimate
source of revenue. The Committee on Public
Lands have not reported bills of this character
heretofore, but we thought, as we were trying
to get revenue out of everything, that this was
a legitimate source of revenue. At any rate,
it was recommended by the Secretary of the
Interior, and we reported the bill. If the Sen-
ate do not want to pass it, they can kill the bill.
Wo thought the Government would realize
something out of it; but if the Senate think
otherwise, let them defeat the bill.
Mr. GRIMES. If this bill emanated from
the Secretary of the Interior it certainly came
from a source that entitles it to the utmost con-
sideration ; but I trust that the Senate will not
proceed to pass it until they have maturely de-
liberated upon the effect that it is likely to have
and the new principle that is involved in it. I
suppose the Senator from New York will agree
with me that up to this time the Government
never has embarked in this business of becom-
ing a landlord, and having a portion of the
people of the country become its tenants. _ 1
wish it to bo understood^ too, that^ this bill
does not apply to the Pacific coast. Iho Sen-
ator from California says that it was doubtless
intended to apply there, and as it was intro-
duced it did apply there; but the Senator from
New York, who has charge of the bill, has con-
sented to an amendment by which its provisions
shall only apply to that portion of the United
States that is east of the one hundredth rne-
n<Mi\ POMEROY. I can explain that, if tlio
Senator desires it, in one moment.
Mr. GRIMES. I suppose I understand it.
I suppose I understand the whole of this bill.
Thev intend that it shall apply to a few salt
springs in Kansas and a few in the Territory
of Nebraska. A gentleman, who may be m
the galleries now, has been to see me witbm
the last three or four days, and he told nio that
he had already perfected an arrangement by
which be was to secure a lease on one or more
of these salt springs.
Now, Mr. President, I have to say, m the
first place, that this is the inauguration of a
new principle. This Government never has
and it never ought to become the landlord ot
a portion of the people of this country, lhat
is not the relation that is encouraged by any
of the laws of our States to any considerable
extent, and it ought not to be encouraged, by
the Government ot the United States. -*-ho
true principle, I understand, in a republican
Government is, that so far as possible every
I man shall be the owner of his own sc:l, tha
