1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2847
Mr. GARFIELD. I accept that as a modi-
fication of my amendment.
Mr. PAINE. Let me suggest further that
(£ snail'' should be substituted for ;' may'' after
the word u Commissioner."
Mr. GARFIELD. I modify my amendment
in that way.
The amendment of Mr. Garfield, as modi-
fied, was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 56. And be it further enacted, That every brewer
shall obtain, from thccollector of the district in which
his brewery or brewery warehouse may be situated,
and not otherwise, unless said collector shall fail to
furnish the same upon application to him, the proper
stamp or stamps; and shall affix upon the spigot-hole
or tap (of which there shall be but one) of each and
every hogshead, barrel, keg, or other receptacle, in
which any fermented liquor shall be contained, when
sold or removed from such brewery or warehouse, a
stamp denoting the amount of the tax herein required
upon such fermented liquor, in such a way that the
said stamp or stamps will be destroyed upon the with-
drawal of the liquor from such hogshead, barrel, keg.
or other vessel, or upon the introduction of a faucet
or other instrument for that purpose; and shall also,
at the time of affixing such stamp or stamps as afore-
said, cancel the same by writing or imprintingthereon
the name of the person, firm, or corporation by whom
such liquor may have been made, or the initial let-
ters thereof, and the date when canceled. Every
brewer who shall refuse or neglect to aflix and cancel
the stamp or stamps herein required in the manner
aforesaid, or who shall affix a false or fraudulent
stamp thereto, or knowingly permit the same to be
done, shall be liable to pay a penalty of $100 for each
barreL or package on which such omission or fraud
•occurs, and shall be liable to imprisonment for not
more than one year.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 57. And be it further enacted, That any brewer,
carman, agent for transportation, or other person,
who shall sell, remove, receive, or purchase, or in
any way aid in the sale, removal, receipt, or purchase
of any fermented liquor contained in any hogshead,
barrel, keg, or other vessel from any brewery, or
brewery warehouse, upon which the stamp herein
required shall not have been affixed, or on which a
false or fraudulent stamp is affixed, with knowledge
that it is.such, or on which a stamp once canceled is
used a second time; and any retail dealer or other
person who shall withdraw or aid in the withdrawal
Ox any fermented liquor from any hogshead, barrel,
keg, or other vessel containing the same, without
destroying or defacing the stamp affixed upon the
same, or shall withdraw or aid in the withdrawal of
any fermented liquor from any hogshead, barrel, keg,
or other vessel, upon which the proper stamp bhall
not have been affixed, or on which a false or fraudu-
lent stamp is affixed, as hereinbefore required, shall
be liable to a line of $100, and to imprisonment not
more than one year. Every person who shall make,
sell, or use any false or counterfeit stamp or die for
printing or making stamps which shall be in imita-
tion of, or purport to be a lawful stamp or die of, the
kind before mentioned, or who shall procure the
same to be done, shall be guilty of a felony, and be
imprisoned for the term of live years; Provided,
That every brewer who sells fermented liquor at re-
tail at the brewery or other place where the same is
made, shall affix and cancel the proper stamp or^
stamps upon the hogsheads, barrels, kegs, or other
vessels in which the same is contained, and shall
keep an account of the quantity so sold by him, and
of the number and size of the hogsheads, barrels,
k$gs, or other vessels, in which the same may have
been contained, and shall make a report thereof,
verified by oath, monthly to the assessor, and for-
ward a duplicate of same to the collector of the dis-
trict: Ana provided farther, That brewers may re-
move malt liquors of their own manufacture from
their breweries or other places of manufacture to a
warehouse or other place of storage occupied by
them within the same district in quantities of not
less than six barrels in one vessel without affixing
the stamp or stamps herein required, but shall affix
the proper stamp or stamps, as aforesaid, upon such
liquor when sold or removed from such warehouse
or other placo of storage: And provided further,
That where tormented liquor has become sour or
damaged, so as to be incap<tblc of use as such, brew-
ers may sell the same for manufacturing purposes,
and may remove the same to places where it may be
used for such purposes in casks or other vessels un-
like those ordinarily used for fermented liquors, con-
taining respectively not less than one barrel each,
and having the nature of their contents branded
upon them, without affixing thereon the stamp or
stamps herein required.
No amendment being offered,
T3ie Clerk read as follows:
$i:c. 5o. And bext further enacted, Thateveiybrewer
shall brand, or cause to be branded, upon every hogs-
head, barrel, keg, or other vessel, containing the fer-
mented liquor mnde by him, before it is sold or re-
moved from the brewery or brewery warehouse, or
other place of manufacture, the name of the pei&on,
firm, or corporation by whom such liquor was man-
ufactured and the place where the same shall have
been made; and any person other than the owner
thereof or his assent who shall intentionally remove
or deface such brand therefrom shall be liable to a
penalty of fifty dollars for cach cask from which the
brand is so removed or defaced.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 59. And be it further enacted, That every per-
son, other than the purchaser or owner of any fer-
mented liquor, or person acting on his behalf, or his
agent, who shall intentionally remove or deface the
stamp affixed, as herein required, upon the hogshead,
barrel, keg, or other vessel in which the same may be
contained, shall be liable to a fine of fifty dollars for
each such vessel from which the stamp is so removed
or defaced, and to render compensation to such per-
chaser or owner for all damages sustained by him
therefrom.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk-read as follows:
Sec. 60. Andbeit further enacted. That the owner-
ship or possession by any person of any fermented
liquor after its sale or removal from brewery or ware-
house, or other place where it was made, upon which
thetaxrequiredshallnothavebeen paid, shall render
the same liable to seizure wherever found, and to
forfeiture; and that the want of the proper stamp
or stamps upon any hogshead, barrel, keg, or other
vessel in which fermented liquor may be contained
after its sale or removal from the brewery where the
same was made, or warehouse, as aforesaid, shall be
noticc to all persons that the tax has not been paid
thereon, and shall b q prima facie evidence of the non-
payment thereof.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 61. And be it further enacted. That every person
who shall withdraw any fermented liquor from any
hogshead, barrel, keg, or other vessel upon which the
properstamp or stamps shall not have been affixed
as herein required, for the purpose of bottling the
same, or who shall carry on, or attempt to cany oil,
the business of bottling fermented liquor in any brew-
ery or other place in which such fermented liquor is
made, or upon any premises having communication
with such brewery or any warehouse, shall be liable
to a fine of $500, and the property used in such bot-
tling or business shall be liable to forfeiture.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to insert the fol-
lowing as an additional section:
Sec. 62. And he it further enacted, That an y assessor,
collector, inspector, or revenue agent who shall be
interested, directly or indirectly, in the manufacture
of tobacco, snuff, or cigars, or in the production by
distillation or by other process of spirits or ale, beer,
or other fermented liquors, shall, on conviction be-
fore any court of the United States of compctent juris-
diction, pay as penalty not le?s than $500, nor more
than $5,000, in the discretion of the court.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I offer the following as an
additional section:
Sec. 63. And be it further enacted, That every officer
or emp!oy6 appointed or holdir^goffice in theBureau
of Internal Revenue under authority of law, whose
payment, chaiges, salary, or compensation shall be
composed, either wholly or in part, of fees, commis-
sions, allowances, or rewards, from whatever source
derived, shall be required to render to the Commis-
sioner of Internal lievenuo, under regulations to be
approved by the Secretary of the Treasury, a state-
ment under oath setting forth the entire amount of
such fees, commissions, emoluments, or rewards, of
whatevernature, or from whatever source received,
during the time for which said statement is rendered;
and any false statement knowingly and willfully
rendered under the requirements of this section,
or regulations established in accordance therewith,
shall be deemed willful perjury, and punished, on
conviction therefor, as provided in section forty-two
of the act of June 30, 1864, to which this act is an
amendment, and any neglect or omission to render
such statement when required shall be punished, on
conviction therefor, by a fine of not less than $200
nor more than $500, in the discietion of the court.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WELIvER. I offer the follow ing amend-
ment :
Sec.—. And be it further martrd, That all disabled
soldiers or sailors having served m the Army or Navy
of the United States, in the late rebellion, who arc
now, or may hereafter be. plaecd upon the pension-
rolls of the Government, shall, on pi oducing to the
assistant assessor of his district satisfactory evidence
that he is such pensioner, be entitled to receive a
license to carry on the business or occupations speci-
fied in paragraphs three, cisht* twenty-one, twenty-
two, twenty-four, tweniy-scveu, iwenty-eight. thirty,
thirty-one, thirty-two, thirty-four, thirty-five, and
thirty-six of section seventy-nine, without the pay-
ment of any sum of money whatever for such per-
mission.
Mr. Chairman, one word byway of explana-
tion of that amendment. The paragraphs re-
ferred to are as follows: paragraph three, retail
dealers: eight, livery-stable keepers; twenty-
one. keepers of eating-houses; twenty-two,
confectioners; twenty-four, patent-right deal-
ers; twenty-seven, intelligence office keepers;
twenty-eight, insurance agents; thirty, auction-
eers : thirty-one, manufacturers; thirty-two,
peddlers; thirty-four, photographers; thirty-
five, tobacconists; thirty-six, butchers.
I received a letter from the collector in one
of the counties of my district that he was
applied to by a soldier, who had lost both of
his arms at Gettysburg, for a license as a ped-
dler, and that he was compelled to charge him
under the law. Therefore I have offered the
amendment. I appeal to members that where
we do not sacrifice any large amount of reve-
nue we ought to favor this class who only get
a pension from the Government of eight dol-
lars a month. I think that where these men
endeavor to sustain themselves by engaging in
these businesses they ought to have this pro-
vision made in their behalf. It is right and
just, and I hope it will be adopted.
Mr. MORRILL. I confess that I am re-
luctant to oppose the proposition of the gen-
tleman, but I am in favor of doing whatever
wc can do for our gallant soldiers in the way of
pensions and bounties directly. If we choose
to vote them money let us do it directly. This
proposition would allow these parties to engage
in business all over the country and sell the
use of their names everywhere, and it would
create at once a practical monopoly. The gen-
tleman's amendment reaches so far as to em-
brace a great variety of business, and I trust
it will not be adopted. If it were confined to
peddlers, or to two or three trades, it might not
be so objectionable, but as proposed I fear we
should have by far too many shirks seeking
shelter under the names of our worthy sol-
diers.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. \VELKER.# I hope 1 may be allowed
to present this again.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 62. And be it further enacted, That so much of
this act as imposes a stamp tax on fermented liquors
shall take effect from and after the 1st day of Sep-
tember, 1866.
Mr, GARFIELD. I move to strike out the
words " imposes a stamp tax on" and insert
in lieu thereof the words •' changes the existing
law in relation to distilled spirits and."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD. It will be observed, as the
section now stands, that the provisions in
regard to distilled spirits and fermented liquor
go into operation on the 1st of September
next. We have already, on page -10, repealed
our present law on the subject, and I ask unan-
imous consent to go back and add after tho
word ''repealed,on page 40, line seven hun-
dred and sixty-eight, the words to take effect
on the lbt day of September, 1860."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the next section—some of the
blanks being subsequently filled, on motion of
Mr. Morrill, with the various sutns fixed as
salaries—as follows :
Sec. 63. And be it further enacted, That the office
of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue be reor-
ganized so as to include one Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue, with a salary of fe5,0u0; one deputy
commissioner, with a salary of >3,50U;one casuier,
with a salary of $3,000, who shall also act as disburs-
ing officer for said office: and which offices are now
created, and the duties thereof defined by law; and
to authorize, under the diiection of the Secretary of
the Treasury, the employment of the following addi-
tional olbcers and clerks, and with the salaries here-
inafter specified* namely* two deputy commissioners
each with a salary of $3,000; one solicitor, with a sal-
ary of $4,000; seven heads of divisions, cach with a
salary of $2,500; thirty -four clerks of class four; for-
ty-five clerks of class three; fifty clerks of < ln«.s two;
and thirty-seven clerks of class one; fitly-live copy-
ists, each with a salary of i*720; three messengers,
each with a salary of $1,000; five assistant messengers
each with a salary of $850; and fifteen laborers, each
with a salary of $720; and a sum sufficient to pay the
officers, clerks, and employes herein authoiizcd is
hereby appropiiated out of any money in tho Treas-
ury not otherwise appropiiated.
The Clerk read as follows :
Snc. 64. And be if further enacted, That all official
communications made by assessors to collectors, or
by collectors to assessors, or by assessors to assistant
assessors, or by assistant assessors to assessors, may-
be officiallv franked bv the writers thereof, and shall*
when so franked, be transmitted by mail tree of
postage.
Mr. THAYER. I move to amend, in line
two. by inserting after the word ''assessors1'
the words "to assessors, or by collectors;'' so
that it will read "that all official commuuiea-
