1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3807
persons as they might wish to consult with
during the open sessions of the Senate, and it
is very convenient to have that use. We must
have some place where we can take the per-
sons who call upon us aside. The officers of the
Senate understand the Marble Boom to be a
part of the floor of the Senate. It has never
been so understood since I have been a member
of this body. I think it is a misconstruction
of the rule. But in order that there may be
no difficulty about it I offer a resolution on the
subject, which I ask the Secretary to read, and
to which I trust there will be no objection.
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the ante-room, known as the Marble
Room, being designed as a retiring room for Senators
and such persons as they may think proper to invite
into the same, the officers of the Senate be directed
not to interfere with such use of said room during the
open sessions of the Senate.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
CALEB T. FAY AND WILLIAM Y. PATCH.
Mr. CONNESS. With the consent of the
honorable Senator having charge of the pend-
ing business, I ask unanimous consent to offer
a resolution authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to audit and settle the accounts of
Caleb T. Fay and William Y. Patch, late as-
sessor and collector of internal revenue at San
Francisco. I also ask for the reading of the
accompanying letter from the Secretary of the
Treasury with the resolution.
The Secretary read the resolution, as fol-
lows: *
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That the Secretary of the Treasury
be authorized to audit andsottle the accounts of Caleb
T. Fay and William Y. Patch, late assessor and col-
lector of internalrevenueat San Francisco, as to hirn
may appear just and equitable.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from California asks for the present con-
sideration of the resolution. Is there any
objection?
Mr. CLARK. I do not like to object to a
resolution of this kind 
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator hear the
letter of the Secretary of the Treasury read?
Mr. CLARK. Not now, because that would
be the consideration of the resolution. I do
not like this way of having a bill comc up, and
then allowing various little matters to eome in,
with the consent of the Senator having it in
charge, because it tends to confuse business
and is merely a method of getting in one thing
ahead of another. I have not the least objec-
tion to the Senator's resolution ; but I have an
objection to its being considered while the other
bill is really before the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to the present consideration of
the resolution submitted by the Senator from
California?
Mr. CLARK. I object. , .
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
beinc made, it lies over under the rule.
Mr. CONNESS. I desire to get the atten-
tion of the Chair to make an explanation.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No expla-
nation can be made when there is an objection
to the consideration of the resolution. Ihe
first question is, Will the Senate unanimously
consent to consider the resolution now? And
anv objection carries it over.
Mr. CLAIiK. I will withdraw the objection
if the Senator desires to make an explanation,
if I can have the privilege of objecting after-
ward. ,
Mr. CONNESS. Certainly. _
Mr. CLARIv. That will be for the Chair to
decide. .
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
thinks that if the objection be withdrawn for
the purpose of explanation, it is withdrawn
altogether, and that the resolution is before
the Senate to be considered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to it, because I
think it is a waste of time to be introducing
resolutions in this way. .
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the resolution lies over.
NORTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 387) to
secure the speedy construction of the Northern
Pacific railroad and telegraph line, and to
secure to the Government the use of the same
for postal, military, and other purposes.
The first section of the bill, for the purpose
of securing the construction of the Northern
Pacific railroad and telegraph at the earliest
practicable time, directs the Secretary of the
Treasury, whenever and as often as the com-
missioners named in the fourth section of the
act of incorporation shall report the completion
of twenty-five or more consecutive miles of the
road, to pledge the credit of the United States,
in such form as the Secretary of the Treasury
shall prescribe, to the payment of the interest
of the stock of the company on the portion of
the road thus completed, and at the rate per
mile hereinafter specified, from the date of its
issue and for a period not exceeding twenty
years from that date, at the rate of six percent,
per annum, payable semi-annually on the 1st
days of July and January in each and every
year, in the legal currency of the United States
at the Treasury of the United States or any of its
depositories, to the following extent, namely:
for that portion of the road which is embraced
between its eastern point or points of com-
mencement, wherever the same shall be here-
after located, and the one hundred and first
meridian, the interest upon two hundred and
forty-nine shares per mile; between the one
hundred and first and the one hundred and
eleventh meridians, the interest upon three
hundred and twenty shares per mile for six hun-
dred and twenty miles; between the one hundred
and eleventh and the one hundred and nine-
teenth meridians, being the mountain district,
the interest upon nine hundred and eighty-nine
shares per mile for five hundred and twenty
miles; and between the one hundred and nine-
teenth meridian and the western point or points
of termination, including the mountain ranges
of the coast, the interest upon five hundred and
seventy shares per mile.
The Committee on the Pacific Railroad pro-
posed to amend the bill by adding to the first
section the following clause:
And it shall be the duty of the board of directors
of said company, under such rules and regulations
as the Secretary of the Treasury may prescribe, to
designate on the certificates of stock upon which such
pledge of credit is to be given the particular section
or portion of said railroad to which the certificate
applies; and it shall be the duty of the Secretary of
the Treasury to keep an accurate record of all such
certificates, and to communicato such record, from
time to time, to the Secretary of the Interior.
The amendment was agreed to.
The second section of the bill, for the pur-
pose of relieving the Treasury of the United
States at the earliest practicable time from the
payment of interest on the stock described,
directs the treasurer of the Northern Pacific
Railroad Company, on the 1st days of April
and October in each and every year, to pay
into the Treasury of the United States so much
of the proceeds of the sales of all the lands
granted by the charter of the company, situ-
ated on the southerly side of the line of the
railroad, as may be necessary to reimburse the
Government for any moneys paid for interest.
In case the money thus paid into the J reasury
of the United States shall not be sufficient to
reimburse the Government for interest paid on
the stock, then for the further security of the
Government for the payment of the interest
over and above the deposit of the proceeds oi
the sale of lands, after the completion of the
road according to the provisions of its charts*,
so that its cars shall run from its eastern ter-
minus on Lake Superior, to Puget sound, the
treasurer of the company is to pay into the
Treasury of the United States one quarter part
the net earnings of the road, to be applied to
the payment of the interest on the stock as
before provided, until the amount so paid by
the company shall be equal to the amount paid
bv the United States as provided m section
first, after which all further payments shall
cease; and to secure the payment of the de-
posit of the proceeds of the sales of the public
lands as before provided, and quarter part of
the net earnings, the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, whenever in his judgment it shall be
necessary for the safety of the Government to
do so, is empowered to appoint an inspector,
who shall have authority to examine the books
and accounts of the company, and to direct
the application of the net earnings and the
deposit of the proceeds of the sales of the
public lands.
The third section provides that none of the
lands granted to the company shall be subject
to any general or local tax for any purpose
whatever till the lands shall have been finally
sold and conveyed by the company, and that
all expenses for engineering and commission-
ers provided for or required by this act shall
be paid by the company.
The Committee on the Pacific Railroad pro-
posed to amend this section by striking out the
words "that none of the lands granted to said
company shall be subject to any general or local
tax for any purpose whatever until said lands
shall have been finally sold and conveyed by
said company, and."
The amendment was agreed to.
The committee also proposed to add to sec-
tion three the following words: " and that the
lands to which said company shall be entitled
shall not be subject to any general or local
taxation for any purpose whatever for the pe-
riod of five years after the issuing of patents
for the same."
The amendment was agreed to.
The committee proposed to strike out sec-
tion four in these words:
Sec. 4. Av/1 be it enyicie'I, That whenever any
grant, donation,power, or franchise shall bo granted
to and accepted by, or in any manner be acquired by,
tho Northern Pacific Railroad Company, in conform-
ity with the provision of its act of incorporation, tho
acceptance by said Northern Pacific Railroad Com-
pany of said grant, franchise, donation, or power, shall
conferupon tho Northern Pacific Railroad Company
all the rights, powers, and privileges of the grant or
franchise so transferred and accepted, and the provis-
ions of this act, together with all tho privileges, grants,
rights, immunities, limitatio'ns, andrestrictionsol tho
said act incorporating tho Northern Pacific Railroad
Company, shall be construed to appb; to all such
grants, franchises, and powers as maybe conferred
upon or acquired by tho Northern Pacific Bailioad
Company, m the same manner andio the same eliect,
as if such acquired grant, franchise, or power had
been a part of the original lino and grant of said
company: l^rovided, That this section shall not bo
construed to authorize any pledge of the credit of
the United States further than is herembeiore m
this act provided for.
The amendment was agreed to.
Section [five] four provides that the com-
pany may within the limitation prescribed by
this act and the original act of incorporation
from time to time alter and change the loca-
tion of its line wherever such change will the
better carry out the purposes set forth in the
act of incorporation, by filing in the office of
tho Secretary of tho Interior a description of
the new line adopted; and that the line upon
which the road shall bo finally located and con-
structed shall determine the location of the
lands granted to the company by its act of in-
corporation. And the company is to have po wer
to increase its capital stock, if the same shall
be necessary for the completion ot its road, to
an amount not exceeding ยง150,000,000.
Section [six] five provides that three fourths
of the board of directors shall always be cit-
izens of the United States, and that no money
shall be paid on account of this bill until an
appropriation shall have been made for that
purpose; andthe words "Puget sound" in the
charter and in this act shall be^ construed to
mean all the waters connected with the Straits
of Juan de Fuca.
The committee proposed to amend the sec-
tion by inserting after the word '' directors,
in line two, the words "of said company.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the same sec-
tion, lines three, four, and five, to strike out
the 'words "and that no money shall be paid
on account of this bill until an appropriation
shall have been made for that purpose.'
