1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1887
of New York, shows the rate of prices during each
month, from January, 1862, to December,1864, ot labor,
and of the materialsused by these contractors in their
work, irom which it appears that the average of
increase during that period was over one hundred
percent. 1
The effect upon the contractors isseen by considering
a iew cases. The contracts tor fifteen doubie-cnders,
wooden hulls, were made about the 10th of Septem-
ber 1862, and they were completed during the latter
part oi 1863 and first part of 1801.
In September, 1862, best flange iron was 6 cents per
pound ; in May, 1863, it was 81-, and in January, 1864,
it was 10. At the same periods common iron was
&b5, $90, and £115 per ton. finishers were 18, 22, and
24 cents per hour. Laborers were 11,13, and 10 cents
per hour. Holders 17, 24, and 25 cents per hour.
JLhe lacts have like force in regard to the machinery
for the twenty-two wooden double-endors, the work
being commenced about Septomber, 1862, and com-
pleted the latter part of 1863, and first of 1864. The
loss claimed to have been sustained, and the award
made, in the case of the irondouble-enderMoliongo,
built by Zcno Secor & Co., appear as high as m
any other case. That vessel, with her machinery,
was contracted for August 5,1803, and was to have
been completed in eleven months, but was not com-
pleted and delivered till about March,1865, owing, as
claimed, to the lion-reccipt of plans, drawings, and
specifications from the Department, and to the alter-
ations and additional work; and. as the committee
is informed, owing also to the fact that other heavy
work tor the Governmentwas pressing upon the shop,
beyond the capacity of it% machinery and iorcc. liut
during the eleven months allowed by the contract
lor the completionoi thevessel,tablelSro.2 shows the
following lauts: Irom August 1863, till July, 1864, a
period ol eleven months, best flange iron rosefrom 8*
to 10i per pound; common iron from&SO to $205 per
ton; American iron Irom $34 to $75 per ton; copper,
in sheet, trom 38 to 70; laborers from 14 to 22 cents
per hour; smiths from 23 to 31 per hour; molders
Irom 2o to 31 per hour; turners from 23 to 80 per hour;
carpenters from 24 to 27; and boiler men from 23 to
32 cents per hour.
The contract for the harbor and river monitors
Tceuuiseh, Mahopae, and Manhattan, with their ma-
chinery, constructed by Messrs. Z. F. Secor and
Penne iSeoor & (Jo., was made September 1,3862, and
the vessels were imishedin March, May, and August,
1864, the delay being caused, as is claimed, by alter-
ations and additions to the original specifications,
which the committee believe was the case, as the
Department allowed and paid for additional work on
the vessels, amounting to $516,218 41. (See page 32
ol record ot board.) From the commencement of the
work m {September, 1862, till the completion ot the
second vessel in May, 1864, best llangeiron advanced
fiomOtolO; common iron from $65 to yil5 per ton;
Ameiiean iron irom >26 to $6U; copper in sheet Irom
30. to 70; laborersliom 11 to-1 centsper<houi; smiths
nom 10 to 30; molders from 19 to 20; turneis liom
20 to Li); carpenters from 18 to 27; boiicrmen from 18
to i/0; and finishers Irom 18 to 28.
Tne contiactora for the monitor Camanche were
perhaps (lie most unfortunate in the prosecution of
Uieir work. Their contract was made June 20, 3862,
but the vessel was notoompleted until January, 1865.
As lias been stated, the delay was caused by the fact
that a portion ot the material was taken for other
Government vessel* which were ieqmied for imme-
diate use, by the lact that a portion ol hermachinery
was irouired to supply the broken machinery oi the
Wcehawkcn at PortRoyal, and by thel.ict thatthese
delays caused the ship Acjuilla, with the parts of the
vecoci and ner armament on board, to airive at San
Francisco in a boisteious season, and on the night
otter she was moored a violent gale caused her to
sink at the whaif. It was a tedious and difficult work
to iaiso her, but she was finally delivered totheGov-
erumeiit authorities, a very complete and superior
vejsel, on the 10th of January, 1865. Fiom the date
ol the contract till the time oi her delivery, materials
and labor advanced as folio ws: common iron from
£0 <! to £165 per ton; Anieiican irom *24 to £t>2'; cop-
per in sheet liuia USi to 65; laborers Irom 10 to 22
cents per hour: smiths irom 17 to 32; caipcnterstrom
17 to 27; and finishers from 17 to 30 cents per hour.
The committee believe that in many other eases the
completion of the work was delayed by the action of
the Department, because it is the concurrent testi-
mony of many ol the contractors that such was the
case, and also because it could not be otherwise, inas-
much as "the ait of building iron-clad thips-of-war
was not then perfect; it was yet in experiment, so
much so that constant modifications of the plans be-
came necessary as the use of completed vessels dis-
covered delects or suftgestcd improvements.'-' And
it would have been a lailure of duty on the part ot
the Denartinent had it failed to introduce any im-
provement at any time during the progress of the
work; and to the fact that diligence and earc were
observed in that regard ism part to be attributed the
production of a navy so perfect and so formidable.
In reporting upon this subject, the committee at the
last session ot Congress said:
"At the time the contracts for these vessels were
made, and the general plans and specifications pre-
pared, the art of building iron-clad sbips-of-war was
not periected—it was yet in experiment; so much so
that constant modifications of the plans became ne-
cessary as the use of completed vessels discovered
defects or sucr?estcd improvements. So late as the
3ist of August, 1863, Geneial Inspector Stimers wrote
to Messrs. Seeor & Co. that "the building of iron-
clad steamers is a novelty in this country, as in any
other; it is, therefore, impossible to make a complete
general plan, andwrite complete specifications at one
date, which will satisfy all the requirements subse-
quent experience and study point out, the more espe-
cially as the licet already in service is aetually engaged
with the enemy and rapidly developing all the weak
points of the original structures." During the prog-
ress of the work many and material modifications
of the plans were adopted, in some eases requiring
greater depth in the vessels, and the contractors
were required to suspend work until tho new plans
and specifications could be prepared. As an instance,
tho following lotters from tho geueral inspector to
Messrs. Secor & Co. are given r
General Inspector's Office,
Iron-Clad Steamers,
413 Broadway, New York, December 2,2,1862.
Gentlemen: You are probably awaro that the
iron clad steamers Mahopae, Tccumseh, and Man-
hattan, now in process of construction by you, are,
in their general plan, simply a modification of the
Passaic class: that the original design emanated
from Captain Ericsson, the inventor of this system,
and that this otlice was established by tho Govern-
ment for tho purpose of making and issuing to the
various builders of the vessels the detailed working
drawings. The design of Captain Ericsson contem-
plated the deck covered with ouo inch thickness of
iron; the deck planking and much of the side
armor of pine wood, and all aimor plates to be of
fifteen sixteenths inch thick each.
After this plan left the hand of the designer, there
was added another inch to the thickness oi the deck
plating; the pine wood in tho deck planks and side
armor waschanged to oak; tho full thickness of one
inch each was demanded for all armor plates; the
weight of the boilers was increased fifteen per cent.,
and m someininorrospretsweiijht was added to what
was originally intended, until, after having in vain
protested against these additions, Captain Ericsson
gave notice that ho would no longor bo responsible
for tho fiotative power of these vessels. 1 have,
therefore, caused the displacement and tho weights
to be carefully calculated, and to avoid the necessity
of carrying any ballast to balance tho vessels, tho
calculations extended to balancing the weights
equally with the displacement. As the result of
these investigations, it has been determined to make
the following alterations:
1. The depth of the vessel will be increased 18 inches.
This will be done by adding a strakc of plating be-
tween strakes K and L, forward ot the alter over-
hang, and between strakes Ji nndX around the stem
body. Inclosed I semi you ascheduleof this plating;
at the upper edge of the plating upon the outside
there will bo an angle iron 6*3} * i inches in lieu of
the oneol 4* 4X J inches specified originally, in hcu
of the short shel\ cs ordered for the ends ot t ho beams
to rest upon, there will now be a continuous augle
iron OXJJXi inches running completely ai omul the
vessel upon the inside. The lrames will not extend
any higher than the original indention, except in
cases where they are not yet rut; it would beadvisa-
ble to peimitthem to come up to the lower edge of
the beam, shelf angle iion, and lower frames of stem
body, which me to belengthened in a'voidnnce with
the schedule of framing herein inclosed. The armor-
shelf and all the armature will be raised 18 inches,
so that the same structure is lefainod m all this part
except in the peculiar manner inwhidi the shear
slrake is fastened, for which see drawing soon to be
sent you. The same knee-plat es_ or fcusset-picces
will be retained as originally specified, but they will
require to bo cut out at their upperoulboaid corner,
as per drawing.
2. The 4-fcet floors will be increased to 5 feet 6
inches in depth. These will now occur upon fiames
Xos. 76, 80, 85, 103, 10/. Ill, 11.), 1)0.
3. The tun et bulkheads will now occur upon frames
Xos. 80 and (J0.
4. There will now bo two coal-bunker bulkheads;
these will occur upon frames Nos. 62 and 74.
5. The top of boiler shells will be raised 18 inches.
6. The upper end of stem and stern-posts will be
lengthened 18 inches.
7. There will bo a modification of the lengths of
vertical shafts under the turret, on accf unt of the
increased depth. The dome over tho prcjeiler will
not be required. 'J ho fuiegoing arc the impoitant
changes, of all of which cojrect drawmgswill be sent
as soon as they can be made.
You will please make out a statement in detail,
showing the expense to yourselves, which will be
added to the cost of the vessel, ami tholength of tune
which must be added on account of tiw foregoing
enumerated changes.
You will please give the, local inspector an oppor-
tunity to judge of the correctness of your estimate,
that you may both estimate from the same basis. You
will understand, of course, that the Government will
pay you all expenses mcuired on account of these
changes, in addition to tho price agreed upon in the
contiact, and to allow >ou the extra time required on
account of them to complete the vessels.
I am, very respectfully, _
AL13AX C. STIMERS,
(Jen^nil l>is crlr>r.
Messrs. Secor & Co., C8 Went street, jVcmj }urk city.
Approved: F. II. GREGORY,
llear Admiral, Super intending.
[No. 3.]
General Inspector's Office,
Iuon-Ol u> Steamers,
250 Canal Street, .New York, June 18,1863.
Gentlemen: In consequence of defects developed
in the monitor vessels now afloat in actual seivice at
sea and in battle, it has been decided to make tho
following ehangesin the iron-clad steamers Mahopae,
Tecumseh, aiad Manhattan, now building by you,
namely: „
The system of bolting together the plates form-
ing the turret, pilot-house, and smoke-pipe, will be
changed to a system of riveting with the rivets put
through from the inside and riveted on the outside, as
shown by the drawing sent you this day by Adams's
Express.
An examination of these drawings will show you
that tho six inner courses are riveted through and
through, instead of tho two inner courses as before,
and that where rivet* pass entirely through all tho
thicknesses of tho third course from tho outside, tho
holes nro punched one and a halt inch diameter,
instead of ouo and a quarter inch, so that when the
riveting is performed the rivot will expand into this
larger hole, and thus render it impossible for it to tiy
either outwaid or inwaid when struck by shot.
There will bo a band of wrought iron, fifteen inches
wide by five inches thick, secured to the base of tho
turret, with forty-two inch bolts, as shown.
^ This band will bo composed of four pieces, butt-
jointed. The iron must be of the very best quality,
especial pains being taken to make it soft, so that
when ,x shot stakes it it may imbed itself into it
without breaking it up.
The inspector will, at his discretion, order any pieeo
of this iron to be tested by bending it under a heavy
steam hammer three feet in twelve of length; that is,
if (he suppous arc twelve feet apart it must bo bent
down three teet m the middle.
The gun-slides w ill have one inch clearance between
their ends and the inside of the turiet: the band sup-
porting them will bo made 3',' inches thick, as shown
where theslides rest upon it. There will beone half -
inch eleaianee on each side of tho gun-slide in tho *
notch cut in the band, as shown ; but this clearance
will he tilled m solid with the sliver pieces shown,
that the} may be readjusted if thrown out of gauge
byshot. The plates lor lifting thoturret, placed over
thc-gun slides, will be changed to forged pieces, as
shown by the di awing.
The gutter around the turret will now be made 7i
inches wide. It will be tilled with platted hemp
gaskets, on the top of which will be a plate ring $
inch thick by 6 inches wide, butt-jointed, with atru ps
on lower side spiked down to the deck, with i, inch
round spikes, 7 inches long, placedabout 2feet apait.
In ttie gutter within the tui ret thcio will bo several
scuppers of at least finches diameter each, from which
pipes will lead to the bilge iu such amannerthat tho
water which mayeome through under the bottom of
tho turret will be freely earned oil without wetting
blower belts or othorjuirls which it isdesirableshoukl
be Kept dry.
The roof of the turret will now have, instead of the
railway bars, forged rectangular bars, I'inches deep
vertically, by 1 inches wide, spaced one bar eveiy 6
iin lies t he same as tho railway bars were.
Tho bars will be kept at the proper distance apert
by loctangular blocks ol east iron placed at the ends
ol the bars and o\er tho ratters, and kept in thur
places by flush-headed tap-bolts, il inch iu diameter,
screwed into them through the plating, as shown m
the drawing.
These bais must be of tho best quality of iron, and
from the bars intended fur each turret roof there must
be tested at least two in the presence of tho local in-
spector, the liars to be tested to be pointed out by him.
The test to consist in bending down tho bar laid flat-
wise under a heavy hammer a distance ot two feet
when tho supports are six feet a pail. If there are
any ora.eksiu the bar, the lot to winch itbelongs must
be condemned.
The pilot-house will be ten instead of eight inches
thick, as belore required, and in addition to t histlK-ie
will be a eyliudu one half inch thick—not shown on
the diawina—-slipped into the inside from the top.
This will have "\ertical joints only; there will be butt
and strap with straps on tiio inside 4i inchcs wide,
single rivelpd with three fourth rivets spaced four
inches apart, countersunk on both sides. This thin,
cylinder will bo cut out where the two inch thick
platey occur over the ends of the cross beam which
carries the pilot-house, and the lower corners will be
secured with four i-mch tap-bolts screwed into tho
plating. The peep-holes will be carefully made, as
shown in the drawing.
It is found that this is a point of great importance,
and many piaus have recently been experimented
with before the exact formandcharaeter was decided
upon.
Tho cover will now be three instead of two inches
thick, and it will be riveted down around the pe-
riphery, as mdiea'ted by the drawing.
It will be observed this cover now rests upon tho
two inner courses of the plating, which aie made
shorter than tho other for that purpose, fhu-t dis-
pensing with the ring formerly designed for it to rest
upon.
Around the base of tho pilot-house upon the turret
roof theiewili be arms of composition, orof wrought
iion, if you can make it of the latter metal with less
cost. This ling hums & glacis for the piotection of
the composition ung which confines tho pilot-house.
Vou will observe that, according to the drawing
sent you, the composition ring, already ordered and
perhaps completed, mu.-t bo put m place before the
last two courses are added.
If you have not yet. made this ring I would prefer
jou to make it and the glacis ring enough larger m
diameter to enable it to be passed over the increased
thickness of pilot-house.
The grating in the smoke-pipe will now be placed
below tho lino of the deck, as shown in tho drawing
Then to retain the same area as before through tho
bars the pipe must be made larger. To accomplish
this another breadth of plating is added, as shown in
the drawing. It will be observed that all the armor
plates are now of one height, namely, six feet abw\ o
the deck. The thickness is to be increased from six
to eight inches a« shown by tho drawing.
There wit be placed on deck in the center of tho
vessel, between frames seventy-five^ and seventy-
seven, a pipe of twenty-four inches diameter at tho
base, eighteen inchcs diameter at ten feet from the
