1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
40?
Laws of the United States.
39th Oojtg. ... 1st Sess.
million shares of one hundred dollars each,
which shall in all respects be deemed personal
property, and shall be transferable in such
manner as the laws of said corporation shall
provide. The persons hereinbefore named are
hereby appointed commissioners, and shall be
called the board of commissioners of the "At-
lantic and Pacific Railroad Company," and
fifteen shall constitute a quorum for the trans-
action of business. The first meeting of said
board of commissioners shall be held at the
Turner Hall, in the city of Saint Louis, on the
first day of October, anno Domini eighteen
hundred and sixty-six, or at such time within
three months thereafter as any ten commis-
sioners herein named from Missouri shall ap-
point, notice of which shall be given by them
to the other commissioners by publishing said
notice in at least one daily newspaper in the
cities of Boston, New York, Cincinnati, Saint
Louis, Memphis, and Nashville, once a week
for at least four weeks previous to the day of
meeting. Said board shall organize by the
choice from its number of a president, vice
president, secretary, and treasurer, and they
shall require from said treasurer such bonds
as may be deemed proper, and may from time
to time increase the amount thereof, as they
may deem proper. The secretary shall be sworn
t-o the faithful performance of his duties, and
such oath shall be entered upon the records
of the company, signed by him, and the oath
verified thereon. The president and secretary
of said boards shall, in like manner, call all
other meetings, naming the time and place
thereof. It shall be the duty of said board of
commissioners to open books, or cause books
to be opened, at such times and in such prin-
cipal cities or other places in the United States
as they or a quorum of them shall determine,
within twelve months after the passage of this
act, to receive subscriptions to the capital
stock of said corporation, and a cash payment
of ten per centum on all subscriptions, and to
receipt therefor. So soon as ten thousand
shares shall in good faith be subscribed for,
and ten dollars per share actually paid into
the treasury of the company, the said presi-
dent and secretary of said board of commis-
sioners shall appoint a time and place for the
first meeting of the subscribers to the stock of
said company, and shall give notice thereof in
at least one newspaper in each State in which
subscription books have been opened, at least
fifteen days previous to the day of meeting,
and such subscribers as shall attend the meet-
ing so called, either in person or by lawful
proxy, then and there shall elect, by ballot,
thirteen directors for said corporation; and in
such election each share of said capital stock
shall entitle the owner thereof to one vote. The
president and secretary of the board of com-
missioners, and in case of their absence or in-
ability any two of the officers of said board,
shall act as inspectors of said election, and
shall certify, under their hands, the names of
the directors elected at said meeting. And the
said commissioners, treasurer, and secretary
shall then deliver over to said directors all the
moneys, properties, subscription books, and
other books in their possession, and thereupon
the duties of said commissioners and the offi-
cers previously appointed by them shall cease
and determine forever, and thereafter the stock-
holders shall constitute said body politic and
corporate. Annual meetings of the stockhold-
ers of the said corporation for the choice ot offi-
cers. (when they are to be chosen.) anu for t.ie
transaction of business, shall be holden at such
time and place and upon such notice as may be
prescribed in the by-laws.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, Ihat the
right of way through the public lands be, and
the same is hereby, granted to the said Atlan-
tic and Pacific Railroad Company, its success-
ors and assigns, for the construction of a rail-
road and telegraph as proposed; andthengat,
power, and authority is hereby given to said
corporation to take from the public lands adja-
cent to the line of said road material of earth,
stone, timber, and so forth, for the construction
thereof. Said way is granted to said railroad
to the extent of one hundred feet in width on
each side of said railroad where it may pass
through the public domain, including all neces-
sary grounds for station buildings, workshops,
depots, machine-shops, switches, side-tracks,
turn-tables, and water-stations; and the right
of way shall be exempt from taxation within
the Territories of the United States. The Uni-
ted States shall extinguish, as rapidly as may
be consistent with public policy and the wel-
fare of the Indians, and only by their voluntary
cession, the Indian title to all lands falling un-
der the operation of this act and acquired in
the donation to the road named in the act.
Sec. 3. Andbeitfurther enacted, That there
be, and hereby is, granted to the Atlantic and
Pacific Railroad Company, its successors and
assigns, for the purpose of aiding in the con-
struction of said railroad and telegraph line to
the Pacific coast, and to secure the safe aud
speedy transportation of the mails, troops, mu-
nitions of war, and public stores, over the route
of said line of railway and its branches, every
alternate section of public land, not mineral,
designated by odd numbers, to the amount of
twenty alternate sections per mile, on each
side of said railroad line, as said company may
adopt, through the Territories of the United
States, and ten alternate sections of land per
mile on each side of said railroad whenever it
passes through any State, and whenever, on the
line thereof, the United States have lull title,
not reserved, sold, granted, or otherwise ap-
propriated, and free from preemption or other
claims or rights, at the time the line of said
road is designated by a plat thereof, filed in the
office of the Commissioner of the Genera! Land
Office; and whenever, prior to said time, any
of said sections or parts of seetions shall have
been granted, sold, reserved, occupied by home-
stead settlers, or preempted, or otherwise dis-
posed of, other lands shall be selected by said
company in lieu thereof, under the direction of
the Secretary of the Interior, in alternate sec-
tions, and designated by odd numbers, not more
than ten miles beyond the limits of said alter-
nate sections, and not including the reserved
numbers: Provided, That if said route shall
be found upon the line of any other railroad
route, to aid in the construction of which lauds
have been heretofore granted by the United
States, as far as the routes are upon the same
general line, the amount of land heretofore
granted shall be deducted from the amount
granted by this act: Provided further, That the
railroad company receiving the previous grant
of land may assign their interest to said "At-
lantic and Pacific Railroad Company," or may
consolidate, confederate, and associate with said
companyupon the terms named in the first and
seventeenth sections of this act: Provided J ur-
ther, That all mineral lands be, and the same
are hereby, excluded from the operations of
this act, and in lieu thereof a like quantity of
unoccupied and unappropriated agricultural
lands in odd-numbered sections nearest to the
line of said road, and within twenty miles
thereof, may be selected as above provided:
And provided further. That the word '' min-
eral," when it occurs in this act, shall not be
held to include iron or coal: And provided J ur-
ther, That no money shall be drawn irom the
Treasury of the United States to aid m the
construction of the said "Atlantic aud Pacific
railroad."
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, _ J hat
whenever said Atlantic aud Pacific Railroad
Company shall have twenty-five consecutive
miles of any portion of said railroad and tele-
graph line ready for the service contemplated,
! the President of the United States shall ap-
i point three commissioners to examine the
! same, who shall be paid a reasonable eompen-
! satioti for (heir services by the company, to be
determined by the Secretary of the Interior;
and if it shall appear that twenty-five consecu-
tive miles of said road and telegraph line have
been completed in a good, substantial, and
workmanlike manner, as in all other respects
required by this act, the commissioners shall so
report under oath, to the President of the Uni-
ted States, and patents of lands, as aforesaid,
shall be issued to said company, confirming to
said company the right and title to said lands
situate opposite to and conterminous with said
completed section of said road. And from
time to time, whenever twenty-five additional
consecutive miles shall have been constructed,
completed, and in readiness as aforesaid, and
verified by said commissioners to the President
of the United States, then patents shall be
issued to said company conveying the addi-
tional sections of land as aforesaid, and so on
as fast as every twenty-five miles of said road
is completed as aforesaid.
Seu. !). And be it further enacted, That said
Atlantic and Pacific railroad shall be con-
structed in a substantial and workmanlike man-
ner, with all the necessary draws, culverts,
bridges, viaducts, crossings, turn-outs, stations,
and watering-places, and all other appurte-
nances, including furniture and rolling stock,
equal in all respects to railroads of the first
class when prepared for business, with rails of
the best quality, manufactured from American
iron. And a uniform gauge shall be estab-
lished throughout the entire length of the road.
And there shall be constructed a telegraph
line, of the most substantial and approved de-
scription, to be operated along the entire line:
Provided, That the said company shall not
charge the Government higher rates than they
do individuals for like transportation and tele-
graphic service. And it shall be the duly of
the Atlantic and Pacific Railroad Company to
permit any other railroad which shall be au-
thorized to be built by the United States, or by
the Legislature of any Territory or State in
which the same may be situated, to form run-
ning connections with it, on fair and equitable
terms.
Sec. (S. Andbeit further enacted, That, the
President of the United States shall cause the
lands to be surveyed for forty miles in width on
both sides of the entire line of said road after
the general route shall be fixed, and as fast as
may be required by ihe construction of said
railroad; and the odd sections of land hereby
granted shall not be liable to sale or entry, or
preemption, before or after they are surveyed,
except by said company, as provided in this
act; but the provisions of the act of Septem-
ber, eighteen hundred and forty-one, granting
preemption rights, and the acts amendatory
thereof, and of the act entitled "An act to
secure homesteads to actual settlers on the
public domain," approved May twenty, eight-
een hundred and sixty-two. shall be, and the
same are hereby, extended to all other lands
on the line of said road when surveyed, ex-
cepting those hereby granted to said com-
pany.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, j hat the
said Atlantic and Pacific Railroad Company
be, and is hereby, authorized and empowered
to enter upon, purchase, take, and hold any
lands or premises that may be necessary and
proper for the construction and working oi
said road, not exceeding in width one hundred
feet on each side of the line of its railroad, un-
less a greater width be required for the purpose
of excavation or embankment; and also anv
lands or premises that may be necessary and
proper for turnouts, standing places lor cars,
depots, station-houses, or any other structures
required in the construction and working of
said road. And the said company shall have
the right to cut and remove trees and other
material (hat, might, by falling, encumber its
road bed, though landing or being more than
two hundred feel h'om the line ot said road.
And in ease the owner of such lands or premises
