2848
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
tions made by assessors to assessors, or by
collectors to collectors," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MOB BILL. I have an amendment to
offer by inserting after the word '* assessors
in line four the words " or by collectors to their
deputies, or by deputy collectors to collectors."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. YVELKER. I move the following
amendment, to come in at the end of the
section:
And collectors shall be allowed reasonable express
charges for the necessary transportation of money
ftoni (heir deputies to them as accounts for stationery
are allowed.
I offer this amendment because several col-
lectors have been refused payment of charges
for the transmission of money by express. I
think it ought to be allowed.
Mr. ALLISON. I would suggest whether
the effect of this amendment would not be
virtually to authorize collectors to send money
by express ; and if so, whether they would not
be relieved from their liability as collectors.
Mr. WELKER. I do not suppose it would,
unless tbey had orders to do so.
Mr. SPALDING. I hope it will not be
adopted. They are the best-paid men in the
country now.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 65. And be it further enocted, That the Secre-
tary of the Trc.if.ury is hereby authorized to appoint
an ofiicer in his Department who shall be styled
"Special Commissioner of the Revenue,'' whose office
shall terminate in four years from the passage of this
act. It shall be the duty of the Special Commissioner
of the llevenue to inquire into all the sources ot na-
tional revenue, and the bc&t methods ot collecting
tue revenue; the relations of foreign trade to domes-
tie industry; the mutual adjustment of the systems
ot taxation by customs and excise, with the view of
insuring the lequisiteievenue wich the least disturb-
ance or inconvenience to the progress of industry and
the development of the resources ot the country; and
to inquire iiom time to time, under the direction of
the beerctaiy ot the Treasury, into the manner in
which officers charged with the administration and
collection of the revenues perform theirduties. And
the said Spccial Commissioner ot the Revenue shaP
from time to time report, through the Secretary ot the
Treasury, to Congress, either in the form ot a bill or
otherwise, such modifications ot tbe rates of taxation
or ot the methods of collecting the revenues, andsui_h
other iacts pertaining to the trade, industry, com-
mcicc, or taxation of the country, as he may lind, by
actual observation ot the operation of the law. to bo
conducive to the public interest; and in order to
enable the Special Commissioner of the Revenue to
propeily conduct his investigations, he is hereby em-
powered to examine the books, papers, and accounts
of any ofiicer of the revenue, to administer oaths,
examine and summon witnesses, and take testimony;
and each and every such person falsely swearing or
affirming shall be subject to the penalties and disa-
bilities prescribed by law tor the punishment of cor-
rupt and willful perjury; and all officers ot the Gov-
ernment are hereby required to extend to the said
Commissioner all reasonable facilities for the collec-
tion of information pertinent to the duties ot his oltice.
And the said Special Commissioner shall be paid an
annual salary of $4,000, and the traveling expenses
necessarily incurred while in the discharge of his
duty; and all letteis and documents to and from the
Special Commissioner relating to the duties and busi-
ness ol his oflicc shall be transmitted by mail tree of
postage. And section nineteen of an act entitled "An
act to amend an act entitled 'An act to provide in-
ternal revenue to support the Government, to pay
interest on the public debt, and ior other purposes,'
approved June 30,1*'3V' approved March & 1865, be,
and the same is hereby, repealed.
Mr. WILSON", of Iowa. I offer the follow-
ing as additional sections to the bill:
And be it further enactcd. That in any case, civil or
criminal, where suit or prosecution shall be com-
menced .in any court ot any State against any ofiicer
of the United States, appointed under or acting by
authority ot the act entitled "An act to provide in-
ternal revenue to support the Government, to pay
interest on the public debt, and for other purposes,'*
passed J'une 30,1864, or of any act in addition thereto,
or against any person acting under or by authority
of any such officer, or against any person holding
property or estate by title derived from anysuch offi-
cer, it shal^he lawful for the defend si nt in such suit
or prosecution, at any time before trial, upon a peti-
tion to the circuit court of the United States in and
for the district in which the defendant shall have been
served with proccss, setting forth the nature of said
suit or prosecution, and verifying the said petition by
affidavit, together with a certificate,signed by an at-
torney or counselor at law of some court of record
of the State m which sue h suit shall have been com-
menced, or ol the United State.-, setting forth that, as
counsel for the petitioner, he has examined the pro-
ceedings against him, and carefully inquired into all
the matters set forth in the petition, and that ho be-
lieves the same to be true; which petition, affidavit,
and certificate shall be presented to the said circuit
court, if in session, and if not, to the clerk thereof, at
his office, and shall be filed in said office, and the
cause shall thereupon be entered on the docket of
said court, and shall be thereafter proceeded in as a
cause originally commenccd in tnat court; and it
shall be the duty of the clerk of said couit, if the suit
were commenced in the court below by summons, to
issue a writ of certiorari to the State court, requiring
said court to send to the said circuit court the record
and proceedings in said cause; or if it were com-
menced by capias, he shall issue a writ of habeas cor-
pus cum caum, a duplicate of which said writ shall be
delivered to the clerk of the State court, or left athis
office, by the marshal of the district, or his deputy, or
some person duly authorized thereto: and thereupon
it shall be the duty of thesaid State Court to stay all
further proceedings in such cause, and thesaid suit
or prosecution, upon delivery otsuch process, or leav-
ing the same as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken
to be moved to thesaid circuit court, and any further
proceeding?, trial,or judgment therein in the State
court shall be wholly null and void. And if the de-
fendant in any such suit be in actual custody on mesne
proccss therein, it shall be the duty of the marshal,
by \*irtue of the writ of habeas corpus cum causa, to
take the body of the defendant into his custody, to be
dealt with in the said cause according to the rules of
law and the order of the eircuitcourt, or ot any'judge
thereof in vacation. And all attachments made, and
all bail and othersecuritygiven.uponsuchsuitor pros-
ecution shall be and continue in like force and effect
as if the same suit or prosecution had proceeded to
final judgment and execution in the State court; and
if, upon the removal of any such suit or prosecution,
it shall be madeto appear to thesaid circuitcourt that
no copy of the record and proceedings therein, in the
State court can be obtained,itshall be lawful for said
circuit court to allow and require the plaintiff to pro-
ceed de novo, and to file a declaration of his cause of
action, and the parties may thereupon proceed as in
action originally brought in said circuitcourt; and on
failure of so proceeding, judgment oi nolle prosequi
may be rendered against the plaintiff, with costs for
the defendant: Provided, That an act entitled "An
act further to provide for the collection of duties on
imports," passed March 2, 1833, shall not be so con-
strued as to apply to eases arising under an net en-
titled "An act to provide internal revenue to sup-
port the Government, to pay interest on the public
debt, and lor other purposes," passed June30,18(34,
or any act in addition thereto or in amendment
thereof, nor to any case in which the validity or
interpretation of said act or acts shall be in issue.
Sfc.—. And be it furl Iter enacted, That the filfieth
section of an act passed June 30,1861, entitled " An
act to provide internal revenue to support the Gov-
ernment, to pay mte. est on the public debt, and for
other purposes," ishe oby repealed: Provided, That
any case which may have been removed from the
courts of any State under said fiftieth section, to the
courts of thellnited States, shall bo remanded to tho
State court fi oui which it was so removed, with all
the records relating to such case, unless the justice
of the circuit court of the United States in which such
suitor prosecution i^pendingshall be ot opinion that
said case would be removable from theeouitof the
State to the circuit court under and by virtue of the
sixty-sixth section of this act. And in all cases which
may have been removed from any couit of any State
under and by virtue ofsaid fiftieth section ot'snid act
of June 30, 1864, all attachments made, and all bail
or other seeurity given upon such suit or prosecution,
shall be and continue in full force and effect until
final judgment and execution, whether such suit snail
be prosecuted to final judgment in the circuit court
of the United States, oi remanded to the State court
from which it was removed.
Src. — And he it further enacted. That whenever a
writ of en or shall be issued t$r the revision of any
judgment ordcereein any criminal proceeding, wheie
U diawn in.question the construction of any statute
of the United States, in a court of any State, as is
piovided in the twenty-fifth section of an act en titled
"An act to establish the judicial courts of the United
States," passed September 24,1789, the defendant, if
charged with an offense bailable by the laws of such
State, shall not be released from custody until afmal
judgment upon such writ, or until a bond with suffi-
cient sureties in a reasonable sum, as ordered and
approved by the State court, shall be given; and if
the offense is not so bailable until a final judgment
upon the writ of error. Writs of error, in criminal
cases, shall have precedence upon the docket of the
Supreme Court, of all cases to which the Government
of the United States is not a party, excepting only
such cases as the court, at their discretion, may decide
to be of public importance.
I have been directed by the Committee on
the Judiciary to offer this amendment to the
bill. It has been submitted to the Committee
of Ways and Means and they concur in it. It
is merely a change of the law of 1833, giving
it the construction that was intended by Con-
gress when that law was passed, confining the
operations of the act to officers and persons
acting under them and by their authority. It
appears from reading the debates that by inad-
vertence the words i:or other poisons " were
inserted after the word ''officers," so that
under it, all cases arising under Stale laws in
connection with any trade or business for which
the present law requires a license to be taken
out, or this bill requires a special tax to be
paid inay be removed into the United States
court,, the parties claiming that the payment
of the tax authorized them to conduct the par-
ticular business, no matter what tho provisions
of the State law might be. A great many cases
were thus removed from the State courts into
the United States courts. This interferes with
the municipal regulations of all towns and cities
and th" proper administration of State laws.
Mr. llALE. I have not, had an opportunity
to see this amendment in print, and I would
inquire of the gentleman from Iowa whether
under the sections now proposed a,11 suits
against officers of the revenue for acts which
they may claim to justify under this law are
to be transferred, or whether it is confined to
those cases in which the validity of construc-
tions of the act i~, in question.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The best answer
I can give is to read the first section of nay
amendment. It is as follows:
That in any case, civil or criminal, where suit or
prosecution bhall be commenced in any court ox any
State against any officer of the United States, ap-
pointed under or acting by authority of the act enti-
tled "An act to provide internal revenue to support
the Government, 'o pay interest on the public debt,
and for other purposes," passed June 30, 1864, or of
any act in addition thereto, or against any person
acting under or by authority of any such officer, or
against any person holdinar property or estate by title
derived from any such ofiicer, it, shall be latVful for
the defendant in suchsuitorprosccution, atany time
before trial, v -on a petition to the circuit court ot
the United States in and for the district in which the
defendant shall have been served with proccss, set-
ting forth the nature of said suit or prosecution, and
verifying the said petition by affidavit, together with
a certificate, signed by an attorney or counselor at
law of some court of record of the State in which
such suit shall have been commenccd, or of the United
States, setting forth that, as counsel for the peti-
tioner, he has examined tho proceedings against him,
and carefully inquired into all the matters set forth
in the petition, and that he believes the same to be
true; which petition, affidavit, and certificate shall
be presented to the said circuit court, if in session,
and if not, to the clerk thereof, at his office, and shall
be tiled in said office, and the cause shall thereupon
be entered on the docket of said court, &c.-
Mr. HALE. I submit to the gentleman that
lie has made the section altogether too broad.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. It must be against
an officer or against a person acting under the
authority of that officer; consequently it may
be a suit against him as an individual for an
act done as an officer.
Mr. HALE. If that it is the construction
of it, then it strikes me that it is by no means
broad enough.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. In perfecting this
amendment the Committee on the Judiciary
availed themselves of the act of 1830, which
has already received a construction. The only
change that is made is in confining the opera-
tion of the act to persons who were officers or
acting under the authority of officers. That act
included other persons.
Mr. HALE. It strikes me, after hearing the
explanation of the gentleman from Jowa, [Mr.
Wilsox,] that his amendment is altogether too
meager in its provisions if it is intended to con-
fine it to suits brought against persons who  
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Brought against
them for any act performed by them as officers.
Mr. HALE. It does not say so.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I think it does
quite clearly.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend the first sec-
tion of the amendment so that it will read :
That in any case, civil or criminal, where suit or
provocation shall be commenced in any court of any
State against any ofiicer ot the United States, ap-
pointed under or acting by authority of the act enti-
tled " An act to provide internal revenue to support
the Government, to pay interest on the public debt,
and for other purposes," passed June CO, 1864, or of
any act in addition thereto, or against any person
fictine: under or by aui hority of any such officer, or
on account of any act done under color of his otlice,
or against any person holding property or estate by
title derived from any such officer, alTectine* such
property or estate, and involving thceonstruction of
this act, it slnill be lawful for the defendant. <tc.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will accept that
amendment.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. Idosire to move an amend-
ment to section sixty-five. The first sentence
of that section reads:
That the Secretary of tho Treasury is hereby
authorized to appoint an ofiicer in his Departmeiy
