1888
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
base and upward, and twenty-five feet high; pipe to
be one hull" inch thick to ten ioeihigh; liom ten to
twenty tcet high, one iourth inch rhi^k; above that,
one eiylitii inch thick. Vertical seams to be butt-
jomed, with single riveted straps inside, rivets coun-
ter-- link on the outride. Horizontal seanisbutt-joni ted,
with bund? on the outside, as shown in the drawing.
i'rom the bandlii teen teetironi the deck will extend
three braces ot one-inch round iron to an eye-bolt in
the dc^k placed iiitecn feutixom the pipe. In caeh
braes will be a turn-buekie tor tightening them up.
Into this pipe will enter the galley pipe, and a pipe
from the upper part of the men's water closets; these
pipes will rise five feet above the deck. The space
around them is to be left open tor the free egress of
air from the berth deck, to assist in the ventilation.
A plate, however, of two inches thickness is to be
fitted, as shown in the drawing; so that in ease a shot ,
perforates the pipe near the deck the twosmallpipes i!
may be taken down, and this litted in to prevent the jj
ingress of water when the vessel is in a sea-way under : j
the enemy's lire, before the pipe could be repaired. j
There will be placed over the iron plating ot the il
deck a planking ol white pine wood, li inch thick,
in strips ol 4 inches wide each. I'hiy wooden deck
will be secured to the iron with a marine glue which
will be lurnibhed you by the Government. The glue
is to be heated to <t tempcratuie ul 4WJ Fahrenheit '
when applied, and to be oonfid on the deck plating j
and the edges ot the planks toathickness of 1}^ of an j
i inch, and the pnmks picked family into it. Around i
all ventilating and enal-shute holes in the deck there !
will be a ring ot wood It inch thick, o inches wide, !
neatly turned, having the inner diameter the same
as thrtt of the hole in the deck-plating.
The top surface of the coal-shtite plates to be cov-
ered with wood in the same manner as the deck, so
that when they are m place the surface of the deck
will be plain and smooth.
The total thickness of deck plating will now be
made 11- inch, instead ol 1> mull, as ordered in a letter
from tiiis oilice April 11, ISd.J.
To accomplish tins yuu maj make the upper course
one inch tluck, and tne lower one halt inch, or you
may make them each three quarters ol an inch thick.
Tne latter is the preleiable mode if the state ufyour
iron on band is -m< h that it can be done without
increasing the expense ol the change.
You will greatly oblige me it }ou will examine at
once into the expense of making the changes dncetcd
in this letter, and send me the bill with each item
in detail. Please confine it to the eoanges herein
oidered, and it you are not prepared to send the
accounts ol tormcr changes, it will not be nccessary
for you to keep this until you send them. I am par-
ticularly desirous of getting this as -ooii as possible.
Ai£er having calculated the diil'erence m eo^t be-
tween the original and amended plans, directed m
the foregoing, you will please return s.heets Xos. '6, 4,
5, and 21, lirst sent you.
It is proper to inform you that my authority for
issuing these orders is a letter liom rite chief of the
Bureau ot Construction to the general superintend-
ent, Keai Admiral Gregory, dated Junell, lt>Od, which
letter has been referred to niu lor action.
I am, very respectfully,
ALBA^T C. STIMERS,
iieiteral las-jjector.
Messrs. Secor Sz Co., 78 West street, York city.
14 The delays occasioned in the woikby the changes
of the plums caused large lo^bcs to the conuactois;
first, by leaving their labor unemployed for the tune
upon their hands; second, by requiring them to carry
insurance <uid interest; third, bj the constant and
rapid iner<M<<- ol the cost ot Uooi and materiel!-, and
the depreciation ot the eunency, lor which the .De-
partment could not give adequate and complete re- \
lief. 'J'he delays worked a special hardship upon the i:
builders olthe nine vessels hist mentioned, a* it was ;!
provided in their contracts that they should each i|
receive >3Uu per day for ever> day their vessels were jj
completed beioro tne time limited for their compie- |!
tion. i'rom-Mr. Wood, thepresentgeneral in^pet tor, j,
the committee learned that ibis class ol contiactors, I:
to ovcioome the delay occasioned by the enantres in
the plans, and wainns tor the specifications, and to
meet the eame.-r requirement ot tne Department for
an early completion of the vessels, prosecuted the
work at night and on Sunday.-, and that tor such work
they were compelled to pay double price*, tor which
the Department did not, and could not, make them
any compensation.
"From Messrs. Lenthall and Ishcrwood, of the
iSavy Department, and Mr. Wood, the general in-
spector, the committee learned that the petitioners
entered into theircontract? upon public competition,
after general notice; that the lowest bid in a clus;
was taken as a standard, which those bidding higher
had to adopt, and tndi prices were 'barely iajr at the
then current rates;' that the petitioners dealt failJy
and honestly by the Government m procuring the
veiy best material which they could command, and
doing the best quality of woik, and that they were
diligent m adopting all_ measures in their power to
complete the work within the stipulated time. From
the same gentlemen the committee learned that after
the making of the contracts in the fall of l&OJ, the
prices oflaoorand -uch materials as the contractors
were compelled to obtain, constantly advanced until
within the last two oi three months, and that the
advance in the price of labor .-killed in iron, and of
the materials required by the petitioners, was, to a
large extent, owing to the great demand of the Gov-
ernment lor the same in her simps, navy-yards, and
shops ior repair established at many points in the
neighborhood of the operations of tho Xavy, as well
as to the depreciation oi the currency.
"The committee are satisfied lhac the petitioners
have sustained, and are sustaining, heavy losses,
which itwwnotin their power to avoid alter makin?
their contracts. Their contracts were generally for
large amounts, and required a long time ior their
completion. It was impossible for them to make pro-
vision for all the material required, Or to foresee and
provide against the great advance in the price of
labor. The demand lor iion ot peculiar and large
sizes and line quality was arc at, the supply small,
and the means of producing it in the country limited.
JN'e w machinery ior pi eparing and rolling it was neces-
sary ; under such ciicumstauce , builders of iron ships
and heavy machinery could not contract in advance
for such quantities as would be required, even could
they advance the money, so that they were compelled
to abide the fortunes of the market. During the prog-
ress of the work, by many of the petitioners, labor
and materials have advanced, perhaps, one hundred
per cent. This was not foreseen either by the reck-
less or the most prudent. The increased cost of labor
and materials outran the calculations of every one.
Ought the losses resulting from such a state of facts
to fall entiiely upon the petitioners? The commit-
tee think not. First, lor the reason that the Gov-
ernment, by her own competition for skilled labor
and material, contributed materially to the losses.
Second, the Government, by the mode and manner
in which she imposed her taxes, contributed to the
result. Third, ior the reason (in the cases to which
it applies) that the Department delayed the work
thatimprovements might be adopted, orthediawings
and specifications prepared, and the delays involved
not only the cost of the alterations themselves, but,
by increasing the time required to complete the ves-
sels, threw much of the material and labor upon the
periods of enhanced prices, and thus materially in-
creased the cost. And fourth, if the Government
had contributed to it in no way whatever, under the
circumstance^. she ought not to allow the petitioners
to bear the whole loss.
" During the Inst period of the war, almost without
a navj", she undertook the woils. of blockading thou-
sands of mJcs of coast. To meet the oxigcncie* of
the times she taxed to their utmost the talent, skill,
and energies oi the country. 3S"ot only were ships
to be produced that could lie at the mouths of and
blockade the harbors, butthe experiment was under-
taken of buiUUng ships and boats that could safely
pass forts and batteries and ascend the rivers and
cooperate with the Army. Ivon-clads became a ne-
cessity, but their production was an experiment.
The navy-yaids and their machmuy were wholly
inadequate to the work. The ship-builders of the
countrj* were appealed to. They responded, and the
result of their efforts m the great experiment ha* been
the production of a navy ino^t formidable in attack
and unequalcd in defense. The ships andtheii en-
gines, being of great size and power, required for
their production new machinery of extraordinary
weight and power. In advance it could not be told
what time would be required lor building the vessels
or the engine, especially as the Department must
constantly modify the plan?. If, then, enterprising
citizens came lorwaid to aid the Government m her
experiment hythe use of their shops, machinery, and
money, in a work the cost of which they could not
closely e-timate, nor know the time that would be
required for irs < ompletion, and then the currency is
depreciated by its grrnr increase, and prices go up
be> ond calculation, is it ju*t, is it consistent with the
people's conscience, to allow the whole loss to fall
up cm them ? "
The committee suppose that it was in this spirit that
the joint re.-o5u(lon of June 2-5,1864, in relation to the
contract with Ericsson for the construction of the
Dictator and the Puritan, was adopted.
It willbe observed that the letter of General In-
spector $rinior> to 3Ies«r«. Secor & Co., making very
material modiik ation* of the plan of the Maho'iac,
Tecum-eh, ?and Alanhuttan, was writi-.-n more tnan
three months after the work was under way; and hi a
leaer to the :-anie p3rties, mak'ng furtner change3,
was written more than two months after the vessels
should have been completed. The additional work
required by the1.c two leUers amounted to $310,213 41.
(See page of tecord oi' board.)
A portion of the contractors tor the machinery for
the double-enders seem to have been misled m re'srard
to the weight, sitppo-mg 1 hat it was to be of the size
of the Paul Jones cii>s: but when they received the
working plans and specifications it appeared that it
wr<* much heavier.
From June till December last the board organized
bv the Secretary ot the iS'avy, under the Senate reso-
lution, composed of eminent officers of the Xa-t y, was
engaged m hearing evidence and inve>tigating the
claims of these paities. That investigation seems to
havo been iairly, carefully, and thoroughly made. It
was by officers of the Department selected bv the
Department, and the award, which the committee
believe to be -ub^t.iutialiy light, should be adopted,
as I he basis of relief to the pari ies; and therefore the
committee report the accompanying bill.
Mr. GRIMES. As I wns unable to concur
with the majority of the Committee on Naval
Affair? in recommending the Senate to pass
this bill, I desire to ask the indulgence of the
Senate while I very briefly explain the reasons
which impel ine to vote against it.
On the ->lh of March, 1805, at the executive
session of the Senate, this resolution was
adopted:
Revolved, That the Secretary of the Xavy be re-
quested to organize a board of not jess than three
competent persons, -r hose duty it shall be to inquire
into and determine 'now much the ves^els-of-war and
>teaui machinery contracted for- by the Department
in the year^ JbOJ and 18o,-;_cost the contractors over
and above tho contract prico and allowance ior extra
work, and report the same to the Senate at its nvxt
session. None but those that havegivcnsatisfaction
to the Depaitment to be considered."
It will be observed, iu I ho first place, that
this is a resolution adopted solely by the Sen-
ate, and not by the House of Representatives,
is no act of the legislative authority of the
Government, and that no board that eould be
organized under it had any authority to bind,
either legally or morally, the action of Con-
gress. It will also be observed that this reso-
lution only instructs any board that may bo
created by the Secretary of the Navy under it
to examine as to the contracts that were entered
into in 18^2 and 18(53. Let it not bo supposed
by any Senator that after we shall have passed
this bill, wliieh includes about two and a quar-
ter millions of money, we are therefore absolved
from making any future appropriations for eon-
tracts entered into between private individuals
and the Government, under precisely similar
circumstances; for I have upon my desk an
abstract of contracts between the Government
I and contractors, made under similar circum-
stances, upon which there would be claims as
much entitled to consideration as almost any
that are embraced within the bill now under
consideration, amounting to nearly sixty mil-
lion dollars. If there be a loss upon that prop-
erty equal to the amount which it is claimed
has been lost by the contractors provided for
in this bill, then the amount that will hereafter
be claimed from the Government by those eon-
tractors will exceed the sum of 612,000,000.
Under the resolution which I have read, the
Secretary of the Xavy appointed a board of
three officers. One of them was a sea-offieer,
a commodore nearly at the head of the list;
another was a paymaster, and another an en-
gineer. I suppose, as the report of the pro-
ceedings of that board has been published for
some months, that the members of this body
have probably examined it, and if tliey have",
they will observe that substantially all the tes-
timony taken before that board consisted of
the mere declarations of the contractors them-
selves. So far as my recollection goe*; the
contracts, even, were not snbmirted. and there
was nobody examined on the part of the Gov-
ernment. except that Commodore Gregory. I
think, appeared before them once or twice,
and wrote them one or two letters.
Jlr. President, I do not wish it to be under-
stood that I am constrained to vote against
the passage of this bill because I believe there
are no just claims embraced in it. 1 believe
there are some very strong cases in it that
appeal to the justice of the Senate and of Coa-
greii. and if they stood by themselves, a? or-
dinary claims do stand when they appear be-
fore us, and not in an omnibus bill coupled
with other claims that J regard a? worthless. I
would vote for them. J remember the cele-
brated case, of the Camanche, a vc-s-:el that
was sunk in the harbor of San Francisco. I
believe there is justice in that claim, and it
would afford me great pleasure to vote to re-
munerate the contractors iu that instance; but
I cannot consent, in order to do justice to
those contractors, to vote money out of the
Treasury to other contractors who I am just
as thoroughly convinced are not entitled to
anything from the Governm< nt.
If the members of the Senate will refer to'he
report of the committee that is in their hand-',
on the second page, in the b-t of "wooden
double-enders machinery,"': they will find that
the Jlingoe and the \\ya!u-ing were mad" by
Posey, Jones & Co., a firm doing busmen at
Wilmington, in the State of Delaware, and that
the amount allowed to ih"m, and it. was all
they claimed, for extra work was ^">,817 lie;
for the Jlingoe. and for the JVyalu>ing it was
only one cent le-^s, $o,H17 !!7. Now, by ref-
erence to the table which 1 hold in my hand
furnished from the Xavv Department it will be
observed that these gentlemen entered into
their contract with the Government to con-
struct those two \essels. one of them on the
15th of August, and 1lio other on the :!(!(,li day
of August, 1802, for $82,000. On tho 2'.)th of
