824
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
prove that all votes oast outside of the town or
ward of a voter's residence would be invalid.
But at the election of November, 186-1, by vir- ,
tue of the act to which I have referred, votes j
"were cast beyond the bounds of the State for
all the various officers to be chosen at that elec-
tion. A ease involving the constitutionality of
the law authorizing those votes for a prosecut-
ing attorney, and which votes were cast at the
same time, in the same manner, and by virtue
of the same law as those claimed by my oppo-
nent; was submitted to the supreme court of
the State, and, after a patient-, thorough exam-
ination, an opinion was given by each of the
judges upon the matter. All of them proclaimed
their desire to give the right of suffrage to the
soldiers, but they alleged they had a stern duty
to perform under the constitution, and that
duty must override all mere personal consid-
erations. The members of that supreme court
were all Kepublicans. Three of them gave
opinions adverse to the law, and one in favor
of it—holding it to be unconstitutional and
invalid.
It is contended that this case was one only in-
volving votes for a local officer, and ought not to
be allowed as an authority in the case now under
consideration; that itwas mere State authority,
and to give it any validity would be sustaining
the dogma of'' State rights/' 1 should be sorry
if any gentleman possessed nerves sufficiently j
weak to be frightened by this : yet I know that J
in the past every species of fallacious reasoning,
as well as perversion of the ordinary significa-
tion of language, has been resorted to to sus-
tain the various positions assumed to thwart the
evident object of the constitution. bother
this decision involved any question of State
rights, according as that subject has been bruited
upon this floor for years past, 1 niust confess 1
am unable to determine. But it is certain it
does concern those great fundamental rights of
the people, upon which depend the preservation
and the perpetuity of our grand system of free
representative government—the inculcating a
respect for the laws and an obedience to the
interpretation given them by the constituted
authorities of the States. Each State judiciary
has a right to interpret aState constitution, and
the interpretation given it is not only binding
in the Stale, but is recognized and respected by
all other bodies. Such lias ever be m the prac-
tice in this country. Such is llio established
rule in the Supreme Court of the L nited States.
Story, in his work on the Constitution, section
385, upon this point says:
'' Yv e find the power to construe the Constitution
expressly confided to tho .iudkaal department, -with-
out any limitation or qualification as to its conclu-
siveness."
In 18-14 the supreme court of Michigan pro-
nounced the general banking law of that State
unconstitutional. Afterward, some parties,
dissatisfied with the holding of the State court
upon the question, brought suit in the Federal
court, and the case was appealed to the Su-
preme Court of the United Stale;;. In giving
the opinion in the latter court the Chief Jus-
tice said:
"Itis the established doctrine of {hi- court that it
will adopt and follow the decision" ol ThcSiaiccourts
in theconstmction of their own constitutions and stat-
utes. when that construction h;v- been pettled_by tho
decision of its highest judicial tribunal."—7 Jloicard,
812.
The "highest judicial tribunal" of Michi-
gan pronounced thi j lawunconstitntional, hold-
ing that Michigan voters could only vote in the'
townships or wards in which they resided, and
that votes cast in any other place were invalid.
The position of those judges, their familiarity
with the Michigan constitution anil ihe Michi-
gan statutes, gave them opportunity to be bet-
ter informed concerning the provisions and re-
quirements of that constitution and the validity
of this law than can lie had by those who proba-
bly never read either, and their opinion should
be respected, obeyed, and followed, even by the
Congress of the United States.
To show that they took into consideration
the votes east for Federal as well as State offi-
cers, let me call your attention to a few extracts
from their opinions. On page 9 of the printed
papers in this case .Justice Ohristiancy says:
"Does the constitution prohibit tho Legislature
from authorizing, as they purport to have done by
this act. the qualified electors of this State who may
be in the military scrvice of this State, or of the uni-
ted States, to vote for officers of the State and national
Government at any other place than the township in
which they respectively reside, and while they are
absent from such township?"
Again, on page 10, speakiugof the provisions
of the constitution of 1835, he says:
"Under this provision an elector might vote for
any State officer, and Mr President and Vice Presi-
dent, at any place iu the State."
And in response to the question previously
propounded by himself, after a course of rea-
soning unanswerable, he says :
" Now, I cannot bring myself to doubt that, in view
of the amendment of lffl'J, avowedly for the purpose
ofconfimns the elector's right to vote within the town-
ship ot his i evidence, this pi o vision of the present*eon-
stitution, so similar in i < - hinguiisp and .apparent pur-
pose, was understood by the people as intended to have
the same etfeet, so far as regards the place and act of
Totm?. I am entirely satisfied that the people must
have understood both to deny every elector the right
of voting at any other place than the township or ward
of his residence, or while absent fiom such lcsidence.
"I am, therefore, rc-'iuetantly brought to the con-
clusion that the act is in uii ect conflict with the con-
stitution, and for this reason void."
The act is not valid for any purpose, neither
State nor national, but void, absolutely void.
Justice C'ooley in giving his views is equally
explicit, and 1 wish particularly to call your
attention to his opinion to show that he hud
congressional votes in his mind at the time of
announcing it, and that he at least did not be-
lieve that an election for members of Congress
! was separate and distinct fiom one for State ofli-
eers. His opinion evinces that he took abroad
view of the subject-matter, and came to the
honest conclusion that the law was void for all
purposes. On page 15, he says :
"We find, then, on looking into this history, that
the constitution of 1835, alter fixing the qualification?
of electors, added the negative clause, that 'no such
citr'.er, or inhabitant shall be entitled to vote, except
in the district, county, oi township in which he shall
actually reside at the time oi sue h election.' (Al tide
two, section one.) The evil supposed to exist under
the provision was, that an elector might vote any-
where in the election district, and, as that district for
the election ot State officers was the whole State, and
count} officers the whole comity, he might for those
officers vote anywhere in the State or county, a,s he
might a 1-0 for member of Congress anywhere m the
congressional district, and the usual safeguards, by
j challenge. Arc., were rendered of little value, if he saw
I tit to vote ivucie personally unknown. The people
remedied thai evil by an amendment, adopted in 1830,
which subst'outed for the woids 'district, county, or
township,' the words ' township or ward,' thus clearly
requiring the poiso-aal presence of the elector in the
t ownchiii or ward of his residence asa condition of the
right,to vote.'"
This is clear and explicit. He briefly refers
to the changes made in the various constitu-
tions, and substantially says that under that of
IS.'h) a man might vote for member of Con-
gress at anyplace in the congressional district,
and to remedy the evils engendered by the lat-
itude of the provisions of that instrument, the
amendment of 183!) was adopted, (and which
amendment is carried to the existing constitu-
tion) requiring the personal presence of the
elector in the township or ward of his residence
as a condition of his right to vole." Eight to
vote! For what? The portion of the sentence
immediately preceding shows that he distinctly
refers to a member of Congress.
Justice Campbell, in giving his opinion, is
equally explicit. lie says :
"By examining the section we find that it makes
provision for every possible election which can be
held at all, under the authority of the State: 'No
citizen or inhabitant shall bean elector, or entitled to
vote at any election,' unless he sha.ll come within the
snhsenarnt provisions. In the next place every elec-
tion must be in some township or ward; for the voter,
in order to 'vote a! any election,' must 'offer to vote,
in the 'township or ward' in which he has resided
'ten days next pieeedingsijch election.' Whether ho
gives iu his vote on the spot, or whether it is given in
fact somewhere else, to become by some legal con-
struction a vote in the township, he must vote at tho
election in the township or not at all; for thus far
there no possibility of misconstruction. Again, the
place in which he offers to vote is of necessity the
place where ho votes, if the offer is acceded to, for the
offer must be made to some one authorized to accept
it; and whenaccepted the vote is complete: for tho
vote is by this section made the act of the elector him-
self; and when his offered ballot is accepted, there is
no other act which he can perform to malte it opera-
tive. That the township is a ncocsrorj place for the
vital purpose of the law is manifest, for no offer to
vote in any other township but that of the voter's
residence is permitted by the constitution. And it
being a ncccssary placo for election purposes, and the
only place which is referred to, it may bo necessary
to consider what purposes are to be subserved by any
rules of locality; for we cannot bo permitted to sup-
pose that a restriction has been imposed without
meaning; neither are we at liberty to disregard any
word or phrase which has been inserted in the su-
preme law of the State. .
" It has not been denied by any one, nor do I think
it can be reasonably doubted, that the first impres-
sion any one would receive from reading this section
would be that the voter must attend the election in
his own township."
I have given from the opinion of the judges
sufficient to show that they were very decided
relative to the utter invalidity of the law, and
that they made no discrimination in any elect-
ive office of or in the State. It was as well
known to them as to us that Congressmen are
elected by the same voters, and if, as it is said
by Justice Christiancy, "the people must have
understood both to deny every elector tho right
of voting at any other place than the township
or ward of his residence, or while absent from
such residence," I would ask in all sincerity,
how can votes so cast be properly counted and
allowed? Is this body to take this matter
wholly from the control of the States? But
the "bugbear" of State rights has been in-
voked, as if this would frighten men from their
sense of propriety and arouse a spirit of de-
termination to resist the State constitution and
prostrate the salutary barriers the people have
placed in their organic laws to protect the bal-
lot-box. I trust the Congress of the United
States will not, prior to the passage of some
general law applicable to all the States, change
from the practice that has long prevailed, as-
sume to set aside the provisions of a State con-
stitution, and ignore the decisions of a State
court.
I might here leave my case and submit it for
yonr arbitrament, were it not that I deemed
the construction erroneous attempted to be put
upon the Federal Constitution. I claim no per-
fection for my own views, but believing I have
both the Federal and State Constitutions with
me, as well as the precedents in election eases,
I shall briefly continue my examination of the
objections urged, and attempt their refutation.
I do not pretend that all my citations of author-
ities are applicable to my entire ease, but that
from each can be gleaned principles tending to
satisfy an impartial person that law and justice
are with me. Neither do I pretend that any of
the cases are precisely like the one under con-
sideration, for until within the last four years
we have had no laws in this country authorizing
voting for Representatives in this House out-
side of the limits of a State. I am aware, too,
that an adoption of some of the principles for
which I contend will affect many individuals
upon this floor; but the consciousness that I
am right causes me to rise above all jiersonal
considerations, and regardless ot the prejudices
or interests of others give my own views upon
the questions involved.
I shall insist, Mr. Speaker, that Congress,
even under that provision of the Constitution
authorizing this body to fix the "times " and
"places" for holding elections, cannot fix that
place outside of and bejond the State affected.
Little is said upon this subject in the debates
in the Convention to form the Federal Consti-
tution. One of the rules for the construction
of law, when a doubt ma}7 exist as to the mean-
ing, is to examine the practices and the cus-
toms of the people at the time of its adoption.
"When the clause under consideration was placed
in the Federal Constitution, our ancestors had
just thrown off tho yoke of England, and they
were eagle-eyed in their endeavors to preserve
the rights of the people. The members of that
Convention had all been elected by the various
State Legislatures ; and, prior to the meeting
of the first Congress under the Constitution,
all the members of Congress had been so elected
by the various colonial and the succeeding State
