1886.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
825
Legislatures. When this provision was under ;|
di^-u^ion, the debates show it was the inten- •!
tion <o have the Sennto elected by the State
Legislatures, and the House o CI Representatives '
directly by the people of the States; and to
fctfeclually secure i hid measure, ii was provided
that it should '• be composed of members chosen ;
every second year by the people of the several 1
States;" and to carry the election directly to •
Ihcia the clause that, ''the electors in each
State shall have the qualifications requisite for
electors of the most numerous branch of the
Stale Legislature,'1 was inserted in the Federal
Con^tUuiion. My view of this is that it was
intended to include every disability that was
imposed upon the electors of a representative
in a Stale Legislature. In other words, that
every person who eon hi not vote for such repre- |
senl ai ive was disqualified to vote for Represent- 1
alive in Congress, no matter from what cause :
this arose, and that voters were restricted to :
their homes in voting. In this view, place'' be- i
came an indispensable k* qualification,'' equally ,
with age, sex, color, or the possession of prop- :
erty._ _ j
Prior to the assembling of that Convention
every member of the State Legislatures, from j
the earliest settlement of the various colonies, ■
had been elected by the voters within their va- >
nous townships and districts. Such a practice
as has been adopted in many of the States re- '
centlv was an unheard-of one. The manner in
which their elections had been conducted at 1
their various homes was in the minds of the :
members of that Convention, and though they
were welt informed of the fact of the supposed
omnipotence of Parliament, and the general 1
powers in nia.ny cases attempted to be exercised ;
in various law-making bodies, their sole object j
appears to have been to bring voting directly ]
home to thcpcople, where every violation could ,
be punished. The language they adopted, '
taken in connection with their customs, admits
of no other construction, and permits no divided j
ballot-bux. I
As 3 have said, little can be found in the 1
various debates in the national and State con-
version^ to form and adopt the Constitution,
thai will enlighten us upon this subject, except
in that of Massachusetts. In that body the
provision authorizing Congress to fix the place
of holding elections was severely animadverted
upon by several of the members, and their fears
were aroused that Congress might assume un-
reasonable and unjustiiiable control over this j
matter. To thow the understanding that then |
prevailed 1 wish to call your attention to a lew ;
extracts from the debates in that State, found :
in 2 Llliot's Debates, pages o.M>l: I
"Jurlgo Sumnor, in hn lomark* relative to this |
fourtu section, demonstrated the abfuidity of the sup-
position that (Jong re---s would remove thoplaoo ol elee- j
tion to iemote parts ot the State, <£c. j
"Mr. West said, * An argument which proves too j
much, it l? said, ]>ro\es nothing. Someday Cmigre.-^ [
may remove liicplnceof election to the State ot South 1
Carolina; this is inconsistent with the words of the
Constitution, which say?, 'that the clcction m each
State sli,ill he pro^criM hy the Legislature thereoi
&c... and that repiesentation shall bo apportioned |
according to numbers, it will frustrate the endot the
Coufetiuilion, and is a reflection on the gentlemen
who ibrnio't it.3 , . _ ,, „
"Uuntain Snow said, It has been said, ill*. Prc*i-
dent, that there is too much power delegated lo Con- ,
Krt"^ iiv the section under con-idcration. I doubt u; ;
1 think power the hinge on which the waole^Conia- •
tution tares. Genllemen have talked about Congress ;
moving t'io place of election froin Georgia to the 3io-
hawk ! ivor. but I never can believe it. I will ven-
ture to conjecture we shall have some honest men m
our Congrc«. Wc read there were Iwowno brought
a good repoi I, Caleb and Jo-.hu<i. Xuw, ii there are but [
two m Coiigre-s who are honest men, and Congress
should vl tempt to do what the gentlemen say.they ;
will, (which will he high treason,; they will buns a :
rcpoit of it, and X stand ready to leave my wile oii'J
family, sk'ng my knapsack, travel westward—to cut |
their head < oiF.",J
These expressions of opinion of the power of -
Cy 11i'iupon this subject are conclusive that j
they understood t.licxt the elections could be
ordered to be held only within the limits of a ;
State, and though an error was commit tod by
one of the gemlemen in his reference to tlic
clause, simply in the punctuation, yet their con-
struction is plainly manifest—that the electors ,
were to be restricted, as I have stated, to voting
within the limits of their State. As both Con-
gress and the Slate Legislatures derive their
autlioriiy for fixing a place of voting from the
same clause of the Federal Constitution, it fol-
lows, as a direct legitimate consequence, that
if one body lie restricted the disability inevita-
bly applies to the other. From, the tenor of the
debate I have read, and the jealous spirit of
our ancestors upon every question where their
political rights and privileges were involved, I
can assert without fear of successful contradic-
tion that if an intimation had then been given
that this innocent clausc permitted cither Con-
gress or a State Legislature to order an election
for one of the States in this Union beyond the
bounds thereof, the adoption of the Constitution
would have been jeopardized.
Still, it is insisted that a State Legislature
may fiv the "place" of voting without restric-
tion, and I am aware that such has been the
decision of the judicial tribunals of a fow of the
States. Such was the opinion of the judges in
Michigan, if the Legislature had not been re-
strained by the State constitution. With all
dae deference to the able and learned gentle-
men who have given those opinions, 1 shall most
respectfully dissent, from their conclusions.
According to the election laws of Michigan
that have been in force for years, the place of
holding an election is known six months pre-
viously to every voter in a town or ward, and
he can prepare his business so as to be present at
the "place" designated. According to the pro-
visions of the soldier.-)' voting law the "place''
is unknown until the moment of the opening of
the polls, and then the knowledge of the fact
could easily be confined to a favored few, thus
defeating the ostensible object- of the law. 1
will give the sections entire referring to this
point:
" Sr.c. 2. Every soldier belonging to Michigan regi-
ments !>nrl tjnt fori os or coin panics: in the military ser-
vice of this Mate or of the United titatcs, orvoluntecr
soldiers, residents of Michigan, belonging torcgnnents,
battened, or companies, present on the day of elec-
tion from other Ktates, including officers and their
staffs, surgeons and assistant surgeons, chaplains and
<-■ jiriMi! -i'.-ii'-r- appointed unJerthis act, shall, if po-^
ses^cd of the nualiiir attous sol forth in section Olio of
this act, ho entitled to the benefits ot the provisions
thereoi." .
" :--i:r. 7. At the elections herein provided for a pott
shall be opened at every place, whether within or
without the (State, where a regiment, battalion, bat-
tery, or company of Michigan soldiers may be found,
or stationed, and at such election alt persons may vote
who aic thereto entitled bylaw andbythe provisions
of tins act.
">Sne. s. Any company, or detached portion of a
regiment orcompames, it not practicable for ail to vote
together, may open a sepal ate poll, and file electors
present sliallcliooscfiom then numbei ihi eeinspect-
ors of election, from the qualified electors present,
whose duty it shall be to act.
" Src. 0. The inspectors of election shall appoint the
cleiks ul the t le-tion."
"bi:e. 11 The polls shall be opened at sunrise, or as
soon i hereafter as practicable, and shall remain open
at least tin ee houis; and if necessary, in (lie opinion
of the inspectors, in older to receive the ballots ofnll
the electors, they may keep the polls open until five
o'clock p.m., and no longer. Proclamation thereof
shall be made at or before the opening of the polls,
and one hour before closing tliem.''
The foregoing sections contain all there is
tending to inform persons as to where the place
of election will bo held. Can it be possible
that under the clause of the Federal Constitu-
tion authorizing either the Stale Legislature
or Congress to prescribe the "places ' of hold-
in 2 the elections, such an uncertain, migratory
poll as is here provided for was contemplated ?
1 do not believe it. _ No sneh intention as this
over entered the minds of one of those stern
patriots who participated in ihe formation of
our national Constitution. When they inserted
and adopted that provision they intended to
confine the voting within the respective States,
as the practice had prior thereto been, and not
to permit Congress nor the State authorities
to construct a perambulatory ballot-box that
might traverse the habitable globe and be be-
yond the jurisdiction of State control.
I will go as far as an}7 one in aiding, assist-
\ ing. or caring for our gallant soldiers. I voted
! in the last Congress for almost every propo-
1 si tion for their benefit, or to ameliorate their
condition ; but our devotion to them, does -not
require lis to destroy all the safeguards our
Constitution has provided for its protection and
preservation. Our soldiers have gone forth
with the patriotic object of sustaining the Con-
stitution and Government; and it is not re-
quired of us that we shall strike a parricidal
blow at that instrument, weaken it in one of its
most essential parts to evince our frenzied de-
votion. They have not asked the sacrifice. It
has been the work of enthusiasts—of dema-
gogues. A true, devoted soldier only demands
of us that we, in our various stations, should
preserve the Government in its pristine purity
at home, if possible, while he does his part in
contending with armed foes upon the battle-
field.
In this connection, before proceeding fur-
ther with authorities in my own behalf, 1 will
examine the arguments adduced and the author-
ities cited in opposing my claim. The whole
reliance against me is upon that clausc of the
Federal Constitution providing "the times,
places, &c., of holding elections, to be pre-
scribed in cach State by the Legislatures
thereof'.'' A fruitful theme of discussion might
be here opened as to what constitutes a "Le-
gislature'' within the meaning of the Federal
Constitution, as is suggested by the above-
cited clause, if the passage of a bill is of no
avail until the signature of the State Exec-
utive is obtained thereto, then these words
lose all the potency attempted to be ascribed
i to them. If by the words is only meant the
: action of the Senate and House of JReprcsenta-
i tives of a State, then an act passed would have
; no validity under the constitution of Michigan,
i and none of the machinery requisite to put it in
I motion could be enforced, and it would require
i congressional legislation to give it that vitality.
' I do not propose to enlarge upon this subject,
| and having called your attention to it, I will
i proceed to ihe consideration of the other argu-
ments employed.
1 It will have been observed that the whole
j reliance against me is based upon the clause I
i have last cited, and that places the whole action
j upon this matter in the hands of the Legisla-
i ture. beyond the control of the people, speak-
ing in "their constitution. To do away with the
effect of the decision in Michigan, the follow-
ing extract from Justice Campbell's opinion is
cited:
" The ease is happily free from one class of ques-
tions which sometimes may introduce confusion, '1 no
ordinary disputes concerning 1 he distribution of pow-
er between the people and their various departments
and agencies of government do not arise in the pres-
ent controversy. It is conceded that the power of
regulatiiig the time and manner of elections, and the
places where they may be held, is one which is legis-
lative m its nature and belongs to that body which 13
intru--ted with the general legislative a.utliority, un-
less the constitution lias limited or destroyed this con-
trol over it. And we are only oonccrned. therefore,
in determining whether the constitution ol Michigan
has prevented the State Legislature from exercising
complete control over the locality of elections, and
whe'her, if such control is limited, the limitation is
applicable to the subject before us."
What consolation in opposition to my claim
can ha.derived from this extract is more than
T enn-divine. In attempting to make it appii-
' cable, the first portion is emphasized, and the
clause "unless the constitution has limited or
destroved the control over it1' is wholly ignored,
i: Let me call your attention to the emphatic state-
F mcnt of the question by the judge, that they
I "were only concerned in determining whether
: the constitution of Michigan had prevented the
Legislature from exercising complete control
1 over the locality of elections,'' and the emphatic
affirmative with which this pregnant question
' w;is answered. I have not pretended that if
there were no restrictive words in onr State
constitution, but that the Legislature might pro-
' vide for the holding an election anywhere in
| the district; but with those limitations they
! have no such power.
1 The case of Biddle and Richard vs. Wing, in
Clarke and Hall's Election Cases, also cited,
contains no principle applicable to the existing
i contest. That, portion of the report relating
, to the position assumed by Richard is what is
