3810
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
(/ 7
had and obtained, wliieh acceptance shall be made
within six months after the passage of this act and
not afterward, and shall be deposited with the becre-
tary of the Interior."
And that the House agree to the same.
S. C. POMEROY,
B. GRATZ BROWN.
GEORGE READ RIDDLE,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
BENJAMIN F. LOAN,
SIDNEY CLARKE,
CHARLES A. ELDRIDGE,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. HOWARD. Of course it is utterly im-
possible for the Senate to understand the effect
of the report of the committee of conference
in this case. We have hardly listened to a
word of it, and if we liad listened with ever
so much care we could not ascertain from the
mere reading what will be the application and
effect of the bill now proposed. I suggest to
the Senator from Kansas the propriety of re-
ferring this report to the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, or to some other one of the
standing committees of the Senate, in order
that it may be examinedj and that we may vote
with more intelligence than we' shall do now if
we are required to vote upon it. I understand
it is almost entirely a new bill, a new measure.
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A motion
to refer to a standing committee a report of a
committee of conference is not in order.
Mr. POMEROY. I will explain in a word
that the difficulty with the bill was that it came
from the Pacific Railroad Committee of the
other House, who incorporated into it their
system rather than the system adopted by the
Committee on Public Lands. We have always
reported our bills, putting in what is called the
conterminous principle, allowing no lands to be
patented faster than each section of road is
built. We have also always provided that the
United States shall deal with States and not
with companies. Butthe Pacific Railroad Com-
mittee, neither of the Senate nor of the House,
regard these things ; and when a bill goes to
the Pacific Railroad Committee, it comes back
in the shape of the former legislation which we
had ten years ago; that is, giving lands one
section in advance of completing any road;
that is to say, the company get one hundred
and twenty sections of land before they do
anything. Under our system, the new legis-
lation, they must build the road before they
get any land, and as this bill is guarded there
must be a hundred miles of road built before
any land is granted.
The committee of conference thought it best
to write it all out plain, make a model bill, one
that we consider perfect, rather than to pursue
the other course of numbering amendments,
accepting some and receding from others by
their numbers, so that nobody would know
anything about it. The committee therefore
wrote out in full exactly what they did mean;
and it is regarded by those who have exam-
ined it as a most perfect model for a bill, be-
cause it has all the provisions that the Senate
committee have insisted upon for the last four
years, and these provisions are not insisted
upon by the Pacific Railroad Committee.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not know anything
about the bill that is now before us in the
shape of a report from the committee of con-
ference, and consequently shall not speak
about it; I cannot tell what it is by hearing
it read; but the statement of the honorable
Senator in regard to the manner of transact-
ing business in the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad, 1 undertake to say, is not at all cor-
rect ; and I am a little astonished that the
honorable Senator, who is the chairman of the
Committee on Public Lands, should avail him-
self of the opportunity to make such a state-
ment as he has made.
Mr. POMEROY. It is entirely correct, so
far as relates to the House Committee; it may
not, be as to the Senate Committee on the Pa-
cific Railroad.
Mr. CONNESS. The statement of the hon-
orable Senator was that what he stated was the
practice of the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road, both of the House of Representatives
and of the Senate; and the report made by
the reporter will show that to have been the
Senator's statement.
Mr. POMEROY. I will correct it so far as
relates to the committco on the part of the
Senate." I think I was wrong in that respect.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator then with-
draws the charge so far as relates to the com-
mittee on the part of the Senate. I rose to say
that the committee on the part of the Senate
had not, since I had a seat in it, reported any
bill which proposed to pass the title of an acre
of land to any company whatever until the road
was first built. The statement of the Senator
was utterly and entirely incorrect, and a mis-
take ; and it is a very wrong thing for a Sena-
tor to undertake to make an impression of this
kind against a committee of this body who
have taken so much care as the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad have.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator will agree
with me, I think, that my remark was true of
the committee of the House of Representatives.
I have corrected it so far as relates to the
Senate committee.
Mr. CONNESS. The difference to which
the Senator called the attention of the Senate
between the two modes of granting land for
the construction of railroads, is this: on the
one hand, the land is-granted to the State for
the company, to be disposed of by the State
for the company; the disposition of the land,
after the grant is made and the act is passed,
is entirely under the direction of the State gov-
ernment ; while, on the other hand, the plan is
to provide that a certain amount of land shall
be granted to a company and that the company
shall not get an acre of it until the number of
miles provided to be constructed by the com-
pany shall have been constructed and finished.
The difference is, that in the one ease the Gov-
ernment keeps within its -own bands and pos-
session all the land that it proposes to grant
until the road is built correspondingly, and
under the other system the Governmentpasses
the land to the State, and it is a matter of dis-
position between the State and the company
thereafter. Between the two systems the one
is infinitely, as I think, superior to the other.
I do not wish, however, and I did not rise to
comment upon the system which the Senator
seems to have proceeded in accordance with,
but to say that his statement in regard to the
mode of doing business on the Pacific Rail-
road Committee is not correct, and is a mistake
and an error. I know nothing about this bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I stated that so farasthe
present Committee on the Pacific Railroad in
the Senate is concerned, I did makea mistake.
I know 1 did, but my statement was correct so
far as refers to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad of the House of Representatives.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am very much averse
to this kind of a report, and if we suffer such
a practice to grow up I do not know where we
shall land in the way of legislation. The report
itself may be very well for aught I know ; the
bill reported may be a very much better bill
than that which was originally proposed; I
dare say it is, if the Senator from Kansas says
so. Rut what is the course that has been
adopted ? I believe it was adopted once be-
fore, but not with my consent or my approba-
tion. The idea that a committee of conference
can take a bill upon which there is a disagree-
ment of the two Houses with reference to cer-
tain provisions, and redraught it entirely from
beginning to end, and put in new provisions
that were not in the original bill——
Mr. POMEROY. I will say that there is
nothing in this report that was not in one bill
or the other. Every word of it was either in
the House bill or the Senate bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. " One bill or the other?"
I take it we did not pass two bills. Did we pass
two bills on the same subject?
Mr. POMEROY. The Senate passed one
bill and the House sent back another bill as a
substitute for it. We disagreed to that amend-
ment, and then both went to a committee of
confcrcncs#
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then two separate bills
in point of fact passed the different branches
and were sent to a committee of conference,
and the committee of conference have under-
taken to draw a new bill. I think the practice
is a very loose one. I leads to the adoption of
provisions which neither House has ever had
an opportunity to pass upon. That is the result.
Mr. POMEROY. It may result in that way
sometimes; but in this particular instance every
provision in this bill has been in one or the other
bills.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That we do not know
anything about until we see what is in it. It
conies in here as the report of a committee of
conference, and we have to take it as a whole.
We have never discussed the bill of the House.
It came here as a separate and independent bill,
and it was not discussed or examined here, but
was simply disagreed to and sent to a committee
of conference. The result of this course is that
the legislation of Congress passes entirely into
the hands of a committee of conference. In the
committees of conference of which I have been
a member 1 have always been opposed to this
course of proceeding, and I have succeeded in
keeping oil new matter which had not been con-
sidered by either branch. It may be that this
report is all right. I have great confidence in
the judgment of my friend from Kansas about
the bill itself. It may be a good one and well
guarded, but the practice is a very bad one. I
am averse, therefore, to agreeing to this report
of the committee of conference, and I think it
ought not to be agreed to on the part of the
Senate until the Senate have had an oppor-
tunity to compare it with the bills that were
sent to the committee and see that there is
nothing in it that was not contained in one or
the other. For that reason I hope the Senator
will consent that the report may be printed, in
order that it may be compared with the other
bills.
Mr. POMEROY. I certainly have no ob-
jection to that course. I agree with what the
Senator has said in many respects; but I have
found out that when he lias made a report from
a committee of conference, it has been gener-
ally that the Senate recede from one amendment
and the House adopt another, numbered so and
so, so that I am entirely at a loss to know how
the bill stands when he gets through. If he
would report exactly what the committee did
agree to, I should always know then.
Mr. FESSENDEN. When I make a report,
I always add to it that I am perfectly ready
to answer any question with regard to the dif-
ferent parts of the report that any Senator
desires to asks or explain the whole matter
and state the differences.
Mr. POMEROY. I am perfectly willing to
answer any question the Senator may desire to
ask about this bill. If I am any judge of the
matter, it is the best bill we have ever been
able to report to either House.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I dare say it is ; but
if it were to be as good as could be put down
by the recording angel, and he drew it, the
practice is a bad one, and it would s.till be
equally objectionable.
Mr.vPOMEROY. Both bills have been very
thoroughly examined in the two Houses. I
have no objection to any delay the Senator
may desire ; if he wants a postponement until
Monday, be it so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the report had
better lie over and be printed.
Mr. CONNESS. It is printed now.
Mr. POMEROY. It is all in print; there is
no new matter.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Maine move to print the report?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not if it is already
printed. I move to postpone it until Monday.
The motion was agreed to.
APPROVAL OF BILLS.
A message from the President of the United
