2850
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
Department. They know who I mean at the
other end of the avenue, for he has just come
from there.
[Here (he hammer fell.]
Mr. BLAINE. I move to strike out''Sec-
retary of the Treasury,'' and insert "Presi-
dent of the United States, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate."
Mr. STEVENS. Let me modify my amend-
ment first, so that it shall read that ''Con-
press, by concurrent action, shall elect a
Commissioner of the Revenue, and it shall
be the duty of said Commissioner of the
Revenue," &c.
Mr. BLAINE. I move to strike that out and
to insert'' by the President of the "United States,
by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate." It strikes me the language of the bill as^t
now stands reported from the Committee of
Ways and Means is unusual in placing the ap-
pointment in the head of the Department. As
mentioned by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Hale,] the appointing power is vested
by the Constitution in the President of the Uni-
ted States. These Secretaries are but his ser-
vants, and we do not intend to invest the Sec-
retary of the Treasury with a power distinct
from the President of the United States. I
think the chairman of the committee will ac-
cept the suggestion and modify his proposition
so that the President shall not be interfered
with in his constitutional right of nomination,
nor shall the Senate be interfered with in their
constitutional right of confirmation.
Mr. SPALDING. Who appoints the as-
sessors?
Mr. BLAINE. The President: he appoints
all of them. We all know that the different
heads of Departments are intrusted with the
nomination of their subordinates. The Sec-
retary of War nominates officers of the Army
and the Postmaster General nominates his
subordinates; but the President of the United
States is the power that does it; each one is
the servant of the President.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to call the gentle-
man's attention to section nineteen of the act
of 1865 for which this is a substitute, which
did authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to
select three commissioners.
Mr. BLAINE. It has been done in frequent
instances. But it will be seen that it is not the
usual legal, constitutional way in which the
Government is presumed to work. You are
investing in a mere servant of the President a
power which the Constitution gives to the Pres-
ident alone, subject to the review of the Sen-
ate, and my amendment simply puts this on
the constitutional basis and does not interfere
with anybody.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not regard the prop-
osition in any shape in which it may come as
of an}'practical importance. I do not believe
there is a single man on this floor who believes
that the office is to be conferred upon any indi-
vidual except one that is known to us all. And
for the purpose of terminating debate upon this
section I move that the committee rise. *
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose ; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair. Mr. Dawes reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union had had under consideration the
Union generally and particularly the special
order, being bill of the House No. 513, to
amend an act entitled "An act to provide
internal revenue to support the Government,
to pay interest on the public debt, and for
other purposes,'' approved June 30, 1864, and
acts amendatory thereof, and had eome to no
resolution thereon.
canal and sewerage company.
Mr. STEVENS. At the request of a member
who is absent I desire to enter a motion to re-
consider the vote by which the amendments were
adopted to the bill to incorporate the District
of Columbia Canal and Sewerage Company.
The SPEAKER. The motion will be entered.
motion to bucoxsidek.
Mr. BIDWELL. I desire to enter a moticw
to reconsider the vote of the House on Senate
bill No. 123.
CLOSE OF DEBATE.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that when the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union shall resume the consideration of House
bill No. 513, all debate upon the pending par-
agraph and the amendments thereto terminate
in one minute.
The motion was agreed to.
TAX BILL AGAIN.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Dawes in the chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of the special order, being a bill of the
House (No. 513) to amend an act entitled
"An act to provide internal revenue to sup-
port the Government, to pay interest on the
public debt, and foi-other purposes," approved
June 30, 18G4, and acts amendatory thereof.
Mr. BLAINE. I withdraw my amendment
for the purpose of having a direct vote on the
proposition of the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia," [Mr. Stevens.]
The question being taken on the amendment
offered by Mr. Stevens, there were—ayes 21,
noes 4.7 ; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN. Does thegentleman from
Pennsylvania persist in his amendment?
Mr. STEVENS. I believe I will withdraw
it. I think this section is'of no use anyhow.
I withdraw it.
Mr. COBB. I move to amend by striking
out the entire section down to and including
the word "postage," in line forty.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I renew the amendment
of the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Blaine]
to strike out the words "the Secretary of the
Treasury is hereby authorized to appoint" and
insert in lieu thereof "the President is hereby
authorized, by and with the advice and consent
oftheSenate, to appoint."
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move as an amend-
ment to the amendment to add the following:
And from and after the passage of this act all rev-
enue agents authorized by this act and all acts to
which this act is an amendment shall be appointed
by the President, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate.
The question was taken on Mr. F^rnrworth's
amendment to the amendment; and there were
—ayes thirty, noes not counted.
So the amendment to the amendment was
disagreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not think that
these amendments ought all to fail on account
of the absence of a quorum. I hope the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means
will allow us to have a vote on this amend-
ment in the House.
Mr. MORRILL. The amendment can as
well be put on any other bill as on this.
The question recurred on Mr. Williams's
amendment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Williams] will
accept my amendment as a modification of his.
Mr. WILLIAMS. No, sir; it would read
awkwardly.
Mr. STEVENS. I offer the following as an
amendment to the amendment:
From and after the passage of this act all revenue
agents authorized by this act, and all acts to which
this h an amendment, shall be appointed by the
President, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate.
Mr. LATHAM. Is an amendment to that
amendment in order?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order; that
is an amendment to an amendment.
Mr. LATHAM. Is a question in order?
The CHAIRMAN. No; no debate is in
order. The Chair is about to put the question.
[Laughter. ]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understand that
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means is willing that I may offer my amend-
ment in the House, so that we may have a vote
ttponit. [Criesof "Oh, no!" and "Object!"]
Mr. STEVENS. I call for tellers on the
amendment to the amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Stevens
and Delano were appointed.
The committee divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 35, noes 39 ; no quortnn voting.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, I hope the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens]
will withdraw his motion, and that this propo-
sition will be put in shape and offered iu the
House on Monday, when we can vote upon it
by the yeas and nays. I want very much to
get through with the bill this evening.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am content with
that.
Mr. STEVENS. With the understanding
that the vote is not to be taken to-night I with-
draw the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS. And I withdraw my
amendment.
The question recurred upon the amendment
of Mr. Cobb, to strike out of section sixty-five
the following:
The Secretary of the Treasury is hereby authorized
to appoint an officer in his Department who shall be
styled "Special Commissioner of the Revenue,"whose
office shall terminate in four years from the parage
of this act. It shall be the duty of the Special Com-
missioner of the Revenue toinquire in toall the sources
of national revenue and the best methods ot collect-
ing the revenue; tile relations of foreign trade to
domestic industry; themutual adjustment of thesys-
ternsof taxation by customs and excise, with the view
ot insuring the requisite revenue with the least dis-
turbance or inconvenience to the progress of indus-
try and the development of the resources of the coun-
try: and to inquire from time to time, under the
diiection of the Secretary of the Treasury, into tha
manner in which officers charged with the adminis-
tration and collection of the revenues perform their
duties. And the said Special Commissioner of the
Revenue shall from time to time report, thiousrh the
Secretary of the Treasury, to Congress, either in the
form of a bill or otherwise, such modifications of tho
rates of taxation or of the methods of collecting tho
revenues, andsuch otherfactspertainingtothetrade,
industry, commerce, or taxation of the country as ho
may find, by actual observation of the operation of
the law, to be conducive to the public interest; and
in order to enable the Special Commissioner of the
Revenue to properly conduct his investigations, ho is
hereby empowered to exaflfinethebooks,papers, and
accounts of any officer of the revenue, to administer
oaths, examine and summon witnesses, and take tes-
timony; andeachand everysuch personfalsely swear-
ing or affirming shall be subject to the penalties and
disabilities piescribed by law for the punishment of
eoriupt and willful perjury: and all officers ot the
Government are hereby required to extend to the said
Commissioner all reasonable facilities tor the> collec-
tion of information pertinent to tlieduties of his office.
And the said Special Commissioner shall be paid an
annual salary of St,000 and the traveling expenses ne-
, cessarily incurred while in the discharge of his duty:
ji and all letters and documentstoandfrom the Special
Commissioner relating to the duties and business of
his office shall be transmitted by mail free of postage.
And.
So that the section, as amended, will read:
Sec. 65. And he it further enacted. That section
nineteen of an act entitled "An act to amend an act
entitled ' An act to provide internal revenue to sup-
port the Government, to pay interest on the public
debt, and tor other purposes,' approved June 30,
18&1," approved March 3,1865, be, and the same is
hereby, repealed.
The question was taken; and on a division
there were—ayes 30, noes 51; no quorum
voting.
Before the result was announced,
Mr. MORRILL said: If the gentleman will
withdraw his amendment now, I will consent
that a vote maybe taken upon it in the House.
Mr. COBB. With the express understand-
ing that I may move this amendment in the
House, or if I should not be present my col-
league [Mr. Patxe] may move it, I will with-
draw it at this time.
Mr. SPALDING. I move that the commit-
tee now rise.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Spalding] will withdraw that
motion, and let us get through with the bill in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SPALDING. We cannot do that to-
night.
Mr. MORRILL. There is but. one section
; left. It will take but a few minutes to get
11 through.
