1890
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
Department accompanying the President's message
for the third session of the Thirty-Seventh Congress.
The contractor on page 19 states that in the cost of
this vessel he has added ten per cent, "for the use of
shop, tools, &cM in building engines and boilers."
By reference .to the detailed bill presented to the
board this amount is found to be $19,-018 87, which,
if deducted, reduces the actual claim for contract
work to $G90,237 64, and "the excess of cost to him
over and above the contract price" to $65,237 64,
instead of $85,156 51.
The sum in excess of the contract that has been
paid to the contractor for this vessel is $134,637 08;
and of this amount the usual proportion is undoubt-
edly profit. If the profit on this extra work be ap-
plied to the losses which the contractor states he
experienced on the regular contract work, the loss
jcannot be large, if indeed there is not a profit on the
vessel as a whole.
barbor and river monitors—hull and machinery.
The statement of the contract for these vessels will
be found on pages 788,793, and 704 of the Report from
the Navy Department accompanying the President's
message for the third session of the Thirty-Seventh
Congress.
In the ease of the Catawba and Oneota, mentioned
on page 25, it will be noticed that large sums have
been paid for extra work. Those bills covered the
alterations mentioned, and included the usual pro-
portion of profit; but on page 57 it will be perceived
that Chief Engineer King gives it as his opinion that
tlieie has been great overcharge on some parts of
rhe work.
In the case of the Mahopac, Tecumseh, and Man-
hattan, (on page 32,) Jarge amounts were paid for
alterations arid additions, and the bills undoubtedly
included the usual proportion-of piofit. In the ease
of the Manayunk, referred to on page 56, the parties
state their inability to do work advantageously in
comparison with the parties in New York, and yet
their bill is $34,151 15 less than the bills of the New
York contractors: and on page 57 it is stated that
their claims for labor are far in excess of those paid
in the neighborhood.
The Saugus was an identical vessel, yet when the
contractors for her, Messrs. Harlan & Co., were called
on to make their claims, it will be seen on page 10
that they had none to make. The copy of the books
of the contractor for the Tippecanoe, an identical
vessel with the above, embracing her cost, shows that
he charged in it the full price of the tools he pur-
chased, giving no credit for their value after the com-
pletion of the work, freights on these purchases, ex-
penses of himself and clerk to Washington and New
York, a buggy for his superintendent, the horse for
which, though not mentioned, may be in some other
part of the bill. This is merely cited to show the
character of the charges that occur in these accounts.
light-draft monitors.
There i<? only one claim made in this class, embracing
twenty voxels. On page 16, Mr. Harlan ; on page 20.
Messrs. Merrick; on pageS-S,Mesas.Curtisi'Tilden;
and on page 41, the Globe Works * tuf e that they have
no claims to make on those ve^vls. All the contract-
ors lor this class of vessels were treated alike.
monitor camanche.
The statement of this contract will be found on
page 794 of the timet volume of the documents ac-
companying the Presidents message for the third
se-sion of the Thirty-Seventh Congress.
This vessel is similar to the Tecumseh, and others,
named on page 03; but there was no increase made m
the depth ot the ve^el, and the additional work
ordered was paid for, including the usual proportion
of profit.
The contract was for the construction and delivery
of the vessel in California, but the contractor huil tthe
vessel in ^ew York, and transported her, in pieces,
to California, where she was put together. The claim
seems to be based on the "premium on cold m Cali-
fornia." The statement of one of the contractors,
given on page 5t>, shows tiie manner in which the
accounts of that vessel were kept, and the description
of expenses the Government, was expected to pay.
With regard to thc$U0,5«)Uinsuit,thoXavyDepart-
ment can have no connection with it, as it is a matter
pending between private parties.
As the claim for this vessel seems to be made wholly
on the premium on gold, (page 34J which is only
another expression tor depreciation of the national
curreney.it obviously cannot be entertained without
applying it to ali other contracts.
The Camano.be is the vessel to "which I al-
luded as being the one that was sunk in the
harbor of Sail Francisco in the transport ship
in which she was carried around in pieces from
New York, where she was constructed, I think j
the night after she reached San Francisco, occ-a- !
sinning great loss to the owner in salvage, &c., 1
and for which I would be disposed to make a 1
proper remuneration. i
>lr. President, let me repeat that I oppose '
this bill because it is an omnibus bill. I know ■
there are just claims in it. There are some of ;
these men who ought to have some eompensa- j
tion. I am not prepared to say but that there |
may he some persons embraced in it who ought j
to have all that it is proposed 10 allow them. :
But il^will he observed bv the analysis ! have
read uiat here are at least six or se\c:n differ- !
ent Classes ot \esseis, .the contracts for the I
building of which were made up at twenty dif- ii
ferent times; they were to be built in different
manners and under different circumstances, and
here some thirty or forty of them are huddled
together in one bill, and the attempt made to
pass them through.
I have said that, this bill embraces only a
portion of what will probably be presented to
the Senate fortlieir adoption if we shall estab-
lish this principle. I am ready to take up and
examine these cases seriatim, or I am -willing
to create a tribunal before whom they may be
sent; but I am well satisfied, from our experi-
ence of the kind of tribunal created by the res-
olution of the Senate last spring, that however
valuable these officers may be on the decks of
their vessels fighting the enemies of their
country, they are not exactly the kind of men
I would select to enter upon judicial investi-
gations in regard to contracts between the
Government and individuals, or between indi-
viduals themselves. That is beyond their
sphere, I judge; and I think nobody would,
be more disposed to recognize that fact than
the naval officers themselves, all of whom I
believe attempt to avoid the necessity of being
compelled to perform any such duty.
Mr. President, it is with great reluctance
that I have been constrained to differ with the
majority of the Committee on Naval Affairs on
this subject; but ever since*! have been a mem-
ber of this body I have had only one rule on
these matters: that is, never to vote for put-
ting private bills upon appropriation bills or
agreeing to make any kind of an omnibus bill
by which a bad claim shall be carried through
Congress upon the back of a good one. Sat-
isfied as I am that that principle is right as a
general principle, and that it is certainly right
in this instance, there is no alternative left me
but to vote against the bill, and, differing with
the committee, I thought it my duty to state
the reasons why I did so.
Mr. CONNESS. I desire simply to add a
word to what the honorable Senator has said
in regard to the steamer Camanche. It will
be remembered, as stated by the chairman of
the Committee on Naval Affairs, that the Ca-
manche was a monitor iron-clad contracted for,
for use in California. She was built at New
lork. In addition tow-hat the Senator has
said with regard to the losses of the contractors
by reason of her sinking at, the wharf at San
Francisco, the first loss which the contractors
claim, and their claim is a perfect one, is, that,
after they h'ad constructed the engines for the
vessel complete, the need of the Government
for engines was so great that they took them'
from the contractors, and put them into an-
other ship,-and they were the engines of the
ship that destroyed the Atlanta. The con-
tractors were thus prevented from building the
ship when the legal tenders paid by the Gov-
ernment were worth more in the market than
they were subsequently, and the builders of the
ship were driven into such weather when she
reached the Pacific as led to the disaster there.
1 wish to make this statement in addition
to what the honorable chairman has said in
regard to this particular case. I cannot in
justice to myself close without affirming the
correctness of the position taken by him. I
call attention to the case of the Wateree. that
[ is named among the ships for which a claim is
made. By listening to the reading of the re-'
port I find, I think, some thirty-five thousand
dollars proposed to be paid by the committee's
report in that case. I think the award was
S'M.000 or 82o,000, but the committee have
finally allowed 8^0,000. I know something
about that ship. She is one of what arc known
as the " doubie-eudcrs," an iron hull double-
ender ship. She was the first ship wiit out to
the Pacific coast as a part of the Pacific squad-
ron when the blockade made less demand upon '
us than it had previously. That ship, an en-
tirely new one, was eight months in finding her
way to San Francisco, indeed there were
doubts entertained as to whether fhe would
ever arrive there. She went out. I think, under
the command of Commander Murrav, of the .
United States Navy. When she was sent from I
here, and long before she was dispatched by
the Navy Department, there were apprehen-
sions of "depredations by piratical ships'of the
confederates on ihe Pacific coast. The under-
writers, and others interested in commerce
there, were very anxious to get an addition to
the naval force on that station, but the Wateree
was so long in reaching there that it did noth-
ing to allay the fears that we're entertained, aqd
when she got there she was utterly and entirely
useless. She had to be taken to the Mare
Island navy-yard, and at very large—f cannot
now name the figures—public expenditure re-
paired and put in order. Now, as to the diffi-
culty in the case going directly to the contract-
ors, feeling a great interest in the case, I
made several visits to the Navy Department in
regard to the long trip of this ship, and felt
inclined to blame the commander who took her
out, but I found his reputation was A No. 1 as
a naval officer.
Mr. JOHNSON. Who was it?
Mr. CONNBSS. Commander Murrav.
Mr. JOHNSON. He is A No. 1.
Mr. CONNESS. My information from rhe
Department was, that the ship had been built
in many respects, particularly her boilers, of
iron not fit to be put into boilers, material not
fit to be used ; and the Department defended
itself by stating that it had again and again
requested Congress to give it authority to en-
large and extend its works, so that it might
construct such machinery in a substantial man-
ner and as it should be done, but Congress had
utterly failed and refused to do that, and they
were compelled from time to time to make the
best contracts they could, and that it was im-
possible, in the hands of contractors, to exer-
cise such an inspection over the material to be
used as to avoid cases like that of the Wateree.
The contractors in that case having used mate-
rial which was not fit to be used, are not only
not entitled, as I think, on the face of the ease,
to any additional compensation, but it ought
properly to subject them to damages to the
Government.
Mr. .JOHNSON. What are they allowed in
this bill ?
Mr. CONNESS. Thirty-five thousand dol-
lars, I think, for the building of that ship.
Mr. GRIMES. Thirty-four thousand one
hundred dollars.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator from Iowa
says $34,100. I call attention to that case par-
ticularly, and am unwilling that the ease of the
Camanche, which furnishes an instance of abso-
lute debt by the Government to the contractors,
shall be damaged by putting it in connection
with a case like that of the Wateree. Besides,
I think it is apparent that there is -meh a com-
bination of claims here as will make it quite
impossible for Congress ever to accept the bill
in this form, and therefore it is an absolute
injury to the contractors, who ought to be paid,
and whom the Government should remunerate.
1 hope the course will be taken of putting each
case upon its merits, and paying those who
ought to be paid and who are entitled to addi-
tional compensation.
Mr. HENDRICKS. When this subject was
before the Committee on Naval Affairs, it was
referred by the chairman to the Senator from
Nevada, [Mr. Nye,J the Senator from West
Virginia. [Mr. \Vnxi:y,] and myself, as a sub-
committee to investigate it, ina.-tmtch as the
amount of detail cotild not be understood prop-
erly by the whole committee considering it
together. Wc gave it a great deal of attention
at ditf'erent periods for more than two weeks,
investigating the subject as thoroughly as it
was possible for us to do : and we came to the
conclusion that the bill which we have reported
was right. 1 believe that the Committee on
Naval Affairs concurred in that view, with the
exception of the distinguished chairman. I
am of the opinion that these sums ought !o be
paid a* a matter of justice and right, by I he
(<oveiniiient to thesf contractors. 1'hieli c.ise,
of course, has its special merits ot (iciuei ils.
Put, sir. 1 believe m the doctrine that where a
man contracts to do a great and very important
