410
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 21,
39th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Laios of the United States.
as the collector may direct, and as is herein-
after provided for, and to cause to be duly
reported to the collector the true value thereof,
as required by law: Provided, That the col-
lector shall not, underany circumstances, direct
to be sent for examination and appraisement
less than one package of every invoice, and one
package at least out of every ten packages of
goods, wares, and merchandise, and a greater
number should he, or the appraiser, or any as-
sistant appraiser, deem it necessary: Provided,
nevertheless, that when from the character and
description of the goods,.wares, and merchan-
dise the Secretary of the Treasury may be of the
opinion that the examination of a less propor-
tion of packages will amply protect the revenue,
he may, by special regulation, direct a less
number of packages to be examined. And the
appraiser, created by this act, in cases of his
necessary and occasional absence, may perform
his functions, ad interim, by deputy, designated
by him in writing, from the assistant appraisers
to be appointed under the provisions of this act.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That in
lieu of the assistant-appraisers now authorized
by law for the port of New York, the Secretary
of the Treasury may appoint not exceeding ten
assistant appraisers for said port, who have had
experience as appraisers, or who shall beprac-
tically acquainted with the quality and value
of some one or more of the chief articles of
importation subject to appraisement, and in-
cluded among the goods, wares, or merchan-
dise, to the examination and appraisement of
which they are respectively to be assigned, and
who shall be employed in appraising goods,
according to law, under the direction and su-
pervision of the appraiser; and each of whom
shall, before entering upon the duties of his
office, take and subscribe an oath diligently and
faithfully to examine and inspect such goods,
wares, and merchandise as the appraiser may
direct, and truly to report to him the true value
thereof, according to law; such report to be
subject to revision and correction by the ap-
praiser, and when approved by him to be trans-
mitted to the collector, and to be deemed and
taken to be the appraisement by the United
States local appraiser of the district of such
goods, wares, or merchandise requirecfby law.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That one
of the assistant appraisers to be appointed by
virtue of this act, with special reference to his
qualifications for the duties in this section set
forth, shall, in addition to the duties that may
be required of him by the appraiser, perform
the duties and act in the place and stead of the
special examiner of drugs, medicines, chemi-
cals, and so forth, at the portof New York, as
provided by the act of June twenty-six, eighteen
hundred and forty-eight, chapter seventy, and
one of the assistant appraisers to be appointed
by virtue of this act shall be detailed by the
appraiser for ^supervision of the department
tor the examination of merchandise damaged
on the voyage of importation, and as far as
practicable to make examinations and apprais-
als of such or any other merchandise as the
appraiser may direct, and in all cases truly to
report to him the extent of such damage, or
the true value of the merchandise appraised,
as the case may be, according to law, such re-
port to be subject to the same revision, correc-
tion, and approval by the appraiser, as pre-
scribed by the second section of this act, and
to be in like manner, and for the same purpose,
transmitted to the collector.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That in
lieu of the clerks now employed in the exami-
nation, inspection, and appraisement of goods,
wares, and merchandise at the port of New
York, the Secretary of the Treasury may, on
the nomination of the appraiser, appoint such
number of examiners as said Secretary may in
writing determine to be necessary, their com-
pensation to be limited and fixed by him, but
not to exceed the rates of twenty-five hundred
dollars per year, to aid each of said assistant
appraisers in the examination, inspection, and
appraisement of goods, wares, and merchan-
dise, according to law; and no person shall be
appointed such examiner who is not, at the time
of his appointment, practically and thoroughly
acquainted with the character, quality, and
value of the article or articles in the examina-
tion and appraisement of which ho is to be em-
ployed ; norshallanysuchexaminerenterupon
the discharge of his duties, as such, until he
shall have taken and subscribed an oath faith-
fully and diligently to discharge such duties
according to law; and the Secretary of the
Treasury shall alio appoint, on the nomination
of the appraiser, the clerks, verifiers, samplers,
openers, packers, and messengers employed
in the appraiser's office, or in any of the de-
partments thereof, and shall limit and fix their
number and compensation; but their compen-
sation shall not exceed the rates of compensa-
tion usually paid for similar service.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That it
shall not be lawful for the appraiser, the as-
sistant appraisers, examiners, clerks, verifiers,
samplers, messengers, or other persons em-
ployed in the departments of appraisal, or any
of them, to engage or be employed in any com-
mercial or mercantile business, or act as agent
for any person engaged in such business, during
the term of their appointment.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the
appraiser who may be appointed under the pro-
visions of this act shall receive a compensation
of four thousand dollars per annum, and the
assistant appraisers shall each receive a com-
pensation of three thousand dollars per annum,
to be paid out of the appropriations for defray-
ing the expenses of collecting the revenue.
Sec. 1. And be it further enacted, That the
compensation allowed, respectively, to the ap-
praiser and the assistant appraisers, under the
provision of this act, shall be paid to them in
monthly payments, and in due proportion for
any period less than one month for the time
they may actually serve.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That all
acts and parts of acts inconsistent with the pro-
visions of this act be, and the same are hereby,
repealed; and all provisions of existing acts
relating to the duties of theappraisers nowpro-
vided for by law, or to any proceedings conse-
quentor dependent upon the action of such
appraisers and not inconsistent with the pro-
visions of this act, shall be construed to apply
to the appraiser and assistant appraisers pro-
vided for by this act, and shall be continued
in full force, and that this act shall take effect
on andafter the first day of September, anno
Domini eighteen hundred and sixty-six.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That if at
any time, from an increase of importation, or
from any other cause, there shall befoundupon
the floors of the public stores in the city of
New York an accumulation of merchandise
awaiting appraisement, it shall be the duty of
the appraiser, under regulations established by
the Secretary of the Treasury, to direct the as-
sistant appraisers, and others associated with
them in this branch of the public business, to
devote time beyond the usual business hours,
in each day, during daylight, to their respective
duties, to the end that the business of appraise-
ment may be faithfully and more promptly
dispatched.
_ Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That all
aids to the revenue or others performing the
duties of inspectors of customs in any collec-
tion district, shall be paid the same per diem
compensation as inspectors of customs.
Approved, July 27, 1866.
Ci-iap. CCLXXXV.—An Act for the Relief of
Sufferers by Fire at Portland.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That on all goods, wares,
and merchandise which may be sent from places
without the limits of the United States, as gra-
tuitous contributions to the relief of sutferers
by the fire which occurred at Portland, Maine,
July fourth and fifth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-six, shall, when imported at the port of
Portland and consigned to the proper author-
ity for distribution, be admitted free of duty.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That there
shall bo allowed and paid, under such regula-
tions as the Secretary of the Treasury shall
prescribe, on all materials actually used in
buildings erected on the ground burned over
by said fire, a drawback of the import duties
paid on the same: Provided, That said mate-
rials shall have been imported at the port of
Portland during the term of one year from and
after said fifth day of July, 1866.
Approved, July 27, 1866.
Chap. CCLXXXVI.—An Act to prevent the
Wearing of Sheath Knives by American
Seamen.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the existing regula-
tions for the government of the Navy of the
United States, prohibiting the wearing of
sheath knives on shipboard is hereby extended
and made applicable to all seamen in the mer-
chant service.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That it
shall be the duty of the master or other officer
in command of any ship or vessel registered,
enrolled, or licensed under the laws of the
United States, and of the owner or other per-
son entering into contract for the employment
of a seaman or other subordinate upon any such
ship or vessel, to inform every person offering
to ship himself of the provisions of this law,
and to require his compliance therewith, under
a penalty of fifty dollars for each omission, to
be sued for and recovered in the name of the
United States of America, under the direction
of the Secretary of the Treasury, one half for
the benefit of the informer and the other half
for the benefit of the fund for the relief of sick
and disabled seamen.
Approved, July 27, 1866.
Ciiap. CCLXXXVII.—An Act to further reg-
ulate the Printing of Public Documents, and
the Purchase of Paper for the Public Print-
ing-
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That hereafter it shall be
the duty of the Superintendent of Public Print-
ing, in placc of the reports of the Executive
Departments ordered by the act of June twenty-
five, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, to cause
to be printed and bound twenty-five hundred
copies of the annual reports of the Executive
Departments, with such accompanying docu-
ments as the heads of those Departments rnay
respectively select, but not to exceed three hun-
dred pages for the use of said Departments,
respectively.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That
whenever papers relating to foreign affairs shall
be communicated to Congress, accompanying
the annual message of the President, it shall
be the duty of the Superintendent of Public
Printing to cause to be printed and bound, in
addition to the usual number, two thousand
copies for the use of the members of the Sen-
ate, four thousand copies for the use of the
House, and two thousand five hundred copies
for the use of the State Department, in place
of the numbers ordered by the act of June
twenty-five, eighteen hundred and sixty-four.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That in
the publication of the report of the Secretary
of the Navy the detailed statement of offers for
supplies and of articles embraced in each class
under contract be omitted, and in lieu thereof
the Secretary of the Navy shfill prepare and
submit with his report a schedule embracing
