1866.
TEE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBS.
M
work for the Government he ought not to be
allowed to b^ja large loser, and in some cases,
as will be the result here, to be broken up by
the contract that he may have made, and espe-
ciallyin the case of contracts made at such a
tituejfS these were made, and for such a work
as.&ey were made; I mean, of course, where
h^acts in good faith.
} These contracts, it will be observed, were
.made pending the war. I submit to all Sena-
tors whether it was possible for a party making
j a contract with the Government in the months
' of August and September, 1862, to anticipate
■ the enormous rise in labor and materials?
For work that must of necessity run through
a number of months, was it possible for the
contractor to anticipate in the making of his
contract with the Government the enormous
advance in materials ? Senators may say that
the contractor takes his chances. Ordinarily,
that is so. If a man contracts to furnish one
thousand head of beef cattle or a thousand
mules to the Government, he goes at once and
fills his contract. He has no difficulty in doing
it. He knows what the contract price is, and
what the cost in the country will be to hira, and
he goes at once within one or two mouths and
fills his contract, and it is all over. But this
is a very different case. Here are men con-
tracting with the Government for the most
important work possible; a work that could
not in the nature of things be completed within
a short period, a work which of necessity must
cover from six months to two years.
What was the history of those six months or
two years ? Senators know very well that there
was a great difference of opinion in the country
at that time about the probable effect of the
Increase of the currency and the progress of
the war. Many thought that prices would de-
preciate instead of advance. Many very good
traders in the country believed that; and it is
reasonable to suppose that these contractors,
in making their contracts and fixing theirprices
with the Government, believed that prices would
not materially advance. But it is known that
the prices did advance. We had to have these
ships; the Government could not progress in
the war without them ; and great numbers had
to be manufactured or contracted for at about
the same time. What was the effect of that?
The Government made a contract with one
man, then with another, then with another, and
started her own ship-yards with all the force
that it was possible to command. What was
the effect of that? Of course, to increase the
price of labor; of course, to increase the price
of material required in the construction of the
ships. These are some general views about the
equity of these claims, without reference to the
particular merit of each case.
I have a little to say in reply to the S%nator
from Iowa. In the first place he says, and that
is his main objection, that this is an omnibus
bill. He thinks that some of these claims are
clearly right, and for the sums, perhaps, that
• are mentioned in the bill, but that it is an
omnibus bill, and a meritorious claim may
carry through a claim that is not meritorious.
Mr.- President, how is it possible to have this
otherwise than an omnibus bill? Is it con-
templated that Congress shall take the accounts,
from each shop, and examine the accounts of
each particular claim, and pass a bill for each
ease? We cannot do that. The Government
never undertakes to investigate cases in that
way where they are all of a class. These par-
ties were before Congress, and the Committee
on Naval Affairs at the last session reported a
general bill to refer the whole subject to the
Navy Department to take evidence, to hear the
case of each one, to adjudicate each case, and
to pay what should be found just and right in
the judgment of the Secretary. But that bill
did not pass; it was reported near the close
of the session, and then this resolution was
adopted by the Senate. I admit, as is sug-
gested by the Senator from Iowa, that this is
not a joint resolution; it is a resolution of the
Senate. It is in these words:
" jResolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be re-
quested to organize a board, of not less than threo
competent persons, whoso.duty it shall be to inquire
into and determine how much the vessels-of-war and
steam machinery contracted for by the Department
m the years 1862 and 1803 cost tho contractors over
and above the contract prioe and allowanco for ex-
tra work, and report the Samo to tho Senate at its
nextsession. None but thoso that have given satis-
faction to the Department to be considered."
That is theresolutionthatwasadopted. That
resolution of necessity connected these cases
together. All the cases that were before Con-
gress at the last session, under that resolution
of the Senate, went to the Department; and
although it was not a joint resolution, although
perhaps in law the Department was not bound
to obey it, yet, out of courtesy to the Senate,
out of respect to the judgment and will of the
Senate, the Navy Department did organize a
board. The Senator from Iowa objects to that
board. He says they were very competent and
skillful men on board ship, but ho doubts
whether they were very competent to investi-
gate questions of this sort. Is it not enough,
in reply to the Senator, to say that this sub-
ject was to some extent committed to tho dis-
cretion of the Secretary of tho Navy ? Congress
wished a fair adjudication, and the Secretary
was expected to organise such a board as would
make a thorough and satisfactory investigation
of the claims; and the Secretary, to carry out
that purpose of the Senate, appointed this board,
and the presumption is that he selected men fit
for the position. I believe the Secretary would
do that. I have a very considerable respect for
the Secretary of the Navy, and L do not think
he would select men not qualified to make the
investigation that the Senate requested. The
first member of the board is Commodore
Thomas 0. Selfridge. He is a coinmodere in
tho Navy. I do not know what his past his-
tory has been. I suppose the Secretary did
know, and selected him on account of his qual-
ifications for the place. The next is Chief Hn-
gineer Montgomery Fletcher. J do not know
anything about his qualifications; 1 inn not
acquainted with him ; but tho fact that he is a
chief engineer is vory considerable evidence
that he is a qualified man. The last is Pay-
master C. H. Kldredgc, of whom I know noth-
ing personally, but presume he was qualified
for the work. This board went to work. It
met in June and continued its sessions in the
city of New York until the month of Decem-
ber. Half a year was occupied by the board
in making these investigations.
The Senator from Iowa says that they made
the investigations and their awards upon ex
parte testimony, and that there was no testi-
mony substantially except tho statements of
the parties themselves. I understand the fact
to be that the parties came before that board
with exact and aceuratc copics of their books,
showing the expenses for everthing, the least
and the greatest. 1 have no doubt about that;
because we have before the committee now a
claim that was prepared to go before this board,
butwas not finally submitted becaruse theboard
had then adjourned, and I saw from that case,
as it was prepared, that everything that wont
into a ship, from tho least to the greatest mat-
ter, was stated.
But tho Senator is mistaken in supposing that
there was not important testimony in addition
to the claimants themselves, as will appear by
reference to page 29 of the report of the board.
There it will be found that S. M. Pook, naval
constructor, an officer of the Government, is
called upon and testifies quite fully. His tes-
timony runs over to page 30 and page 31. On
page 54 the Senate will find the testimony of
naval constructor B. f. Delano. I will not
undertake to read his testimony, buthe is asked:
"Bepleased to state the relative value and work-
manship of the several wooden double-end vessel-;
contracted for in 1862 and 1863, which were equipped
from this yard.
"Answer. There was no material difference porccp-
tible to a ship-builder," &c.
And he goes on and gives rather elaborate
testimony. He say's he was the inspector of
tho work. Other parties, in no way connected
with the claims, were examined before that
board.
Mr. JOHNSON. Were they summoned by
the board ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I believe the board sum-
moned some. I do not know that, the report
shows how they were summoned. They came ,
before the board. 1 do not think- the report
shows who summoned them.
The Senator from Iowa says that there are
other claims that will be presented if these are
allowed, and that, taking the entire cost of the
Navy as we now have it, the whole claim at
the same per cent, will be about twelve million
dollars. That is plausible, but yet there is no
force in the statement of tho Senator. This
report is upon the work that was contracted for
in the years 1802 and 1808. Tho builders of
ships prior to 1802 cannot claim anything,
because there was no rise up to 1862.'
Mr. GRIMES. Tho Senator will allow me
to make a statement, which 1 think he will con-
cur in. A very larg*e proportion of tho con-
tractors who made contracts with the Govern-
ment in 1862 and 1863 did not appear before
this board, and they are now constantly impor-
tuning (o be permitted to come in; and I think
the Senator has in his pocket, or in his desk,
the claims of one or two of those persons not
included in this bill, and there arc still more "
behind.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes,sir; hereisaela-im
from a Cincinnati house that built some vessels
on the Ohio river. It is the only one that I
have. That was not presented for the reason
that the building of the ships was not completed
in time to enable the parties to present it to the
board. The same is true, as I understand, of
the claim from Boston of McKay & Co.—I do
not recollect the name of the house—for some
other work that was done.
Now, there are two claims before tho Senate
that are not included in this bill and this report;
and'only two claims so far as I know ; one for
work done in Cincinnati, the other for work
done at Boston. They are not included in this
bill for the reason that they have not been
adjudicated by the board. Tho bill rests on
the adjudication of the board. The commit-
tee have not undertaken to investigate claims
outside of those which wore before the board.
But, Mr. President, I was going on to say
that the statement of the Senator was plausi-
ble, but it has no foundation in fact. Work
that was done before 1862 cost no more than
the parties expected ; because up to that time
there was no material advance in the price of
labor or in the cost of materials. Work that was
contracted for after 1803 will notepstthe Gov-
ernment any more than the contract price, for
the reason that at the closc of 1803 and the
commencement of 1804 labor and materials
had gone up to about tho maximum, so that
parties who made contracts in 1804 were not
deceived by any increase of price after that
time,
Mr. GRIMES. Will the Senator permit me
to interrupt him? On the last page of the
report in this ease there is a statement of Mr.
George W. Quintard, of the Morgan Iron
Works, New York, relative to the cost of iron
and metals and labor. In the table which he
furnishes it is stated that in February, 1803,
bar iron, American iron, refined, was worth
ninety-five cents; and from that to July, §1;
in August and September, ninety-five cents;
in October, $1; in November, $1 05 ; and in
December, $1 10. Then in 1864, in January,
it was worth §1 30; in February, SI 40 ; in
March, $1 40; in April, $1 45 ; in May, $1 00 ;
in June, $1 05; in July, $2 20; in August,
$2 20; in September $2 10; in October,
$1 'JO; in November, $1 90, and in Decem-
ber, $1 80. I believe that there is about a
corresponding increase all tho way through that
table.
Mr. HENPRTCKS. That is for the year
1864. Iron went up very considerably in the
year 1864.
Mr. GRIMES. Metals of all kinds.
Mr. HENDRICKS. But my point is that
the contracts that were made during the year
1864 were made with a view to the high prices
