1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3811
States, by Mr. Edmund Cooper, his Secretary,
announced that lie had, on the 13th instant,
approved and signed an act (S. No. 125) grant-
ing aid in the construction of a railroad and
telegraph line from the town of Folsom to the
town of Plaeerville, in California; and an act
(S. No. 221) relating to lands granted to the
State of Minnesota, to aid in constructing rail-
roads; and on the 14th instant, a joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 129) to authorize the President
to place at the disposal of the authorities of
Portland, Maine, tents, camp and hospital fur-
niture, and clothing for the use of families
rendered houseless by the late fire.
executive session.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Under the circumstances,
in view of the uncomfortableness of the room
to-day, I move that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of executive business.
Mr. WADE. I hope not. I have been
trying to get the floor for some time in order
to call up the bill equalizing the salaries of the
employes of the Senate and House, but I have
been unable to get the floor latterly. It is early
to go into executive session now, and I hope we
shall not do it.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, July II, I860.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxtox.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
assault upox a member.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the consideration of the question of privilege
pending at the adjournment yesterday. The
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Spaldino] is enti-
tled to the floor.
Mr. SPALDING-. I move that the further
consideration of this question be postponed till
the expiration of the morning hour.
The motion was agreed to.
brig resolute.
Mr. ELIOT. I ask leave to withdraw from
the files of the House certain papers belonging
to the owners of the brig Resolute, which were
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
are now wanted at the Treasury Department.
Leave was granted.
bridge across the mississippi.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
during the morning hour is the consideration
of the bill reported lronr the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads by the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Alley]—the bill (S.
No. 23G) to authorize the construction of cer-
tain bridges and to reestablish them as post
roads. The pending question is upon agreeing
to the amendment of the committee as amended
by the House.
Mr. A LL1S0N. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts,. yields to me that I may offer as an
amendment to the amendment the following,
to come in as a new section:
And he it further enacted, That a bridge may be con-
structed and maintained across the Mississippi river,
between Dunleith, in the State of Illinois, and Du-
buque, in the State of Town, with the consent of said
St.ites'previousiy given or hereafter acquired, with
t!)e s'laie privileges, upon the same terms, and under
the same restrictions as are contained in this act for
the construction of abridge at Qumcy, Illinois.
On this amendment I demand the previous
^ The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment to the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. ALLEY. I yield the floor to the gen-
tleman from Missouri. - .
Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri. I submit the
following amendment to the amendment, and
demand the previous question on its adoption :
And he it further enacted. That any company au-
tboiizcd bj' tiio Legislature of Missouri may construct
a bridge aeross tho Mi-^ourt rivor at th" city or Knit-
aas, upon the same terms and conditions provided for
in this act.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment to the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the last two
amendments to the amendment were agreed
to ; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. ALLEY. I now move the following
amendment to the amendment:
Andbeit further ertaeted.lhntthe bridge constructed
over the Mississippi river at Clinton, Iowa, by the Al-
bany Bridge Company, under authority of the States
of Illinois and Iowa, be, and the same is hereby, de-
clared to be a post route and highway of the United
States, and may be maintained, provided it does not
materially obstruct the navigation of said river.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman to let me present the following
modification:
Provided, Tliatnotliing in thissection shallin any-
wise interfere with any lawsuits now pending in any
court in regard to the said bridge, and thissection of
this act shall' not take effect until the said bridge
shall be made to conform in width of draw and all
other respects to what is required to be done in ref-
erence to all the bridges referred to in this act.
Mr. ALLEY. I decline to accept that as
a modification of my amendment.
Mr. Speaker, this matter was originally re-
ferred to the committee, and after hearing all
parties in interest, upon a full and thorough
investigation it was unanimously decided, 1
believe with a single exception—I am not cer-
tain they did not all agree—that I should report
this as an original independentbill to the House.
Nothavinghadan opportunity to doso, I report
it as an additional section to this bill.
This is a bridge already built, but differing
in some particulars from the bridges it is pro-
posed to build by the bill now before the House.
It has a draw of only one hundred and twenty
feet, while the width of the draws of the bridges
proposed to be built under the bill before the
House is to be one hundred and sixty feet.
This is the only difference so far as any impor-
tant particular is concerned. Now, as this
rests upon a different principle from the other
bridges, I propose to consider it separately,
and therefore have offered it as an additional
section. I propose to give the gentlemen who
are opposed to it an opportunity to give their
views on this section.
The creetion of these bridges involves inter-
ests of vast magnitude, not only to the people
of the'Northwest, but to nearly all the citizens
of this widely-extended country. So impor-
tant has it become to extend and increase our
'facilities of transportation across as well as
upon navigable streams, that all are compelled
to concede what was once disputed, the com-
plete jurisdiction of Congress over this matter.
No one contends, either, that it is possible to
meet the demands of a constantly increasing
inland commerce under our present railway
system much longer without the erection ot
many bridges over the " Father of Waters."
The constitutional objection being surrendered,
and the necessities of the public admitted, that
bridging of some kind is needed and must be
bad,0it°only remains to determine what kind
of bridges you will authorize the erection of.
That, and that only, is the point in issue at the
present time.
As I said when I offered the amendment, this
bridge occupies a position different from the
others. It is already built, and it appears from
the testimony before the committee that it is
substantially built of the best materials, and at
the best point between St. Louis and St. Paul,
interfering little, if any, with the navigation
of the river. It is guarded at all points. It is
provided that it shall not materially obstruct
the navigation of the river. Under the circum-
stances I hope the House will sanction the
action of the committee and pass the bill. I
will now yield ten minutes of my time to the
o'entleman from Missouri, [Mr. IIoga.w]
Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois. Ihopethe
gentleman from Massachusetts will not under-
take to put this section of his bill through the
House under the gag. I tell the House that it
is the most important measure with reference
to the people of the Mississippi valley that we
have considered this session. It involves the
interests of eight million people. This bridge
has been already built in defiance of law, and
I ask the House to give the people a fair hear-
ing.
Mr. ALLEY. Mr. Speaker, I did not yield
the floor to the gentleman from Illinois.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts has the floor, and it is for him to
say whether he will allow the gentleman from
Illinois to proceed.
Mr. ALLEY. The gentleman has better
lungs than I have. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
to whom he yields.
Mr. ALLEY. I yield now to the gentleman
from Missouri, [Mr. Hogax,] and I will inform
the gentleman from Illinois that I will yield to
him presently. I propose to give to the oppo-
sition just as much, if not more, time than we
have on this side.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Now, sir,
I 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts does not yield to the gentleman from
Illinois.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. He said
just now that he would.
Mr. ALLEY. But not now.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman to yield for a question.
Mr. ALLEY. Just for a question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman from Massachusetts, in the spirit
of fairness and honor which becomes a legis-
lator, not to undertake to hold the floor and
press this section through under the previous
question. This matter must necessarily take
the remainder of the time allowed to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads. Wo
have plenty of time to consider this matter
fully and fairly, and I appeal to the judgment,_
honesty, and fairness of the House to say if
they mean to confine the discussion of this,
which is one of the most important questions
we have had before us, to a single hour.
Mr. ALLEY. I will say, in all fairness to
the gentleman from Illinois, that discussion of
this bill is the last thing in the world that I
shall shrink from. I believe it is a bill which
has great merits, and that it can stand on its
merits. If it cannot, no man in this House
is more willing that it should fall than I am.
I would be quite willing to have it discussed
the day through, if necessary, but I am under
obligation to others, and I cannot consent at
this late peiiod of the session to allow much
time to be taken in the discussion of the bill.
I am willine to give all the time that the House
thinks proper, but wlien I feel that the ques-
tion lias been discussed as much as the House
is willing to allow, I shall then call the previous
question and take the sense of the House upon
it. The House will determine whether I am
reasonable or not. With this statement I will
nowyield to the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
IIogax.] .
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I under-
stand the gentleman to say that he will call tho
previous question, and yield the floor to the
gentleman from Missouri and myself at his
pleasure. Now, I will not accept the offer of
a few minutes at his pleasure, and will throw
myself on the generosity of the House.
Mr. ALLEY. It is well known that the gen-
tleman is a great strategist, audi do not think
I shall yield the floor to him to take the bill out
of my hands and make such disposition of it as
he pleases. I intend to yield the floor to give
opportunity for reasonable discussion. If 1 am
unreasonable tho House has the powei to de-
termine it. And I assure the gentleman that
not a moment more of the time shall be al-
lowed to the friends of the bill than to its oppo-
nents. T now yield to the gentleman iroin
Misso.tri. [ill1. i'loGAN.]
