1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2851
Mr. SPALDING. Very well; I will with-
draw the motion.
Mr. MORRIS. I move to insert the follow-
ing as a now section after section sixty-five:
And be it further enacted, That from and after the
passage of this act corn-shellers shall be exempt
irom internal tax or duty.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
move to amend by inserting after the words
''corn-shellers," the words "and wooden-
ware." [Laughter.]
The amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred upon the amendment
as amended; and being put, the Chairman
announced that the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. MORRIS. I call for a division upon
the question.
The question was put; and upon a division
there were—ayes nineteen.
Before the vote in the negative was taken,
Mr. MORRIS called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Morris
and Spalding were appointed.
Mr. MORRILL. I regret to sec the unwill-
ingness manifested upon the part of members
to have the consideration of this bill in Com-
mittee of the Whole concluded to-day; I there-
fore move that the committee now rise.
Mr. MORRIS. Before that question is put,
I would inquire of the Chair in ivhat position
my amendment will be when the consideration
of this bill is again resumed.
The CHAIRMAN. The pending question
will then be upon the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Morris,] as amended
upon the motion of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Washburn.]
The question was upon the motion of Mr.
Morrill that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union had had under consideration the
Union generally, and particularly the special
order, being bill of the House No. 513, to amend
an aet entitled "An act to provide internal rev-
enue to support the Government, to pay inter-
est on the public debt, and for other purposes,"
approved June GO, 18(54, ami acts amendatory
thereof, and had come to no resolution thereon.
And then, --on motion of Mr. DEFREES,
(at five o'clock p. m.,) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &e., were presented under
tho rule and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. BANKS: The memorial of Pardon Worsley,
for compensation for services rendered the United
States.
By Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio: Tho petition of Bar-
rington Behymer, asking to bo paid for military ser-
vice.
By Mr. DEFREES: A petition from sundry sol-
diers of Indiana, asking an amendment be made
to the homestead act, so as to enable soldiers or
their legal representatives in any land district, by
exhibiting their discharge papers and making oath
to their identity before the register, to secure a title
to one hundred and sixty acres or less, and the time
of settlement left to the option of the party acquir-
ing title.
15y Sir.ELIOT: Thepetition of Solomon T. Perry,
and others, for tho erection of alisht-vesselatomear
tho reef of rocks known as the Hen and Chickens, in
Buzzaid's bov.
By Mr. HOLMES: The petition of Morgan L.
Brown, and others, citizens of Madison county, New
Yoik, for an inei ease of the tariff or duty on wool.
By Mr. PIKE: The petition of 0. S. Livermore,
and 32 others, of Eastport, Maine, for enactment
oi'iaws regulating inter-State insurances.
IN SENATE.
Monday, May 23, 1866.
Prayer bj' tho Chaplain, Rev. E. II. Gray.
The Journal of Friday last was read and
approved.
DEPOSITS IN NATIONAL BANKS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore announced
the appointment of Mr. Wilson, Mr. Hender-
son, Air. Van Winkle, Mr. Johnson, and Mr.
Bcckalew as the select committee to inquire
into the condition of the national banks with
reference to Government deposits therein, un-
der the resolution adopted by the Senate on
the 24th instant.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a communication from the Secre-
tary of War, transmitting, in compliance with
a resolution of the Senate of tho 9th of Feb-
ruary last, information in relation to a com-
pendium of medical statistics collected during
the late war ; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
He also laid before the Senate a report of
the Second Auditor of the Treasury, communi-
cating, in obedience to law, copies of accounts
of persons charged with the disbursement of
moneys, goods, or effects of any kind for the
benefit of the Indians from July 1, 1804, to
June 30, 18G5; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
the memorial of John 0. Jacobi, late chaplain
of Ivalorama hospital, praying for compensa-
tion for loss of property by fire at that hospital
on the 24th of December, 1S65; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer the petition of Jo-
seph Taylor, of Baltimore, in which he says
that he fervently prays and beseeches Con-
gress to take into consideration the suffering
condition of over twenty thousand journeymen
cigar-makers in the United States, and he asks
Congress to increase the duties on impoated
cigars to three dollars per thousand and fifty
per cent, ad valorem; and also to reduce the
duty on Havana tobacco eighteen and three
quarter cents per pound. I move the reference
of the petition to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I also offer a petition of
cigar-makers of Massachusetts, in which they
set forth at length their grievances from the
inequalityof thelawsregulatingthe cigar trade
of the United States, and they ask remedies,
which they set forth at length, to the end that
they maybe relieved from the evils complained
of, and they say at the end " the only feasible
plan is to put a direct tax on the leaf, for which
your petitioners will ever pray." I move the
reference of this petition also to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I also offer a petition,
numerously signed by citizens of Andover, in
Massachusetts, praying Congress to impose
such conditions upon the rebel States as shall
punish treason, at least with ineligibility to
office and loss of power, and reward loyalty
with confidence and honor: and which shall
demand, as an evidence of sinccrc loyalty and
good faith on the part of those States, tho abo-
lition of all distinctions, in their constitutions
and laws, on account of color or race. As
that subject is now pending before the Senate,
I move that this petition lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. KIRKWOOD presented a petition of
citizens of Keokuk, Iowa, praying for the pas- j
sage of a general bankrupt law; which was ;
referred to the Committee on Finance. j
Mr. GRIMES. I present the petition of j
officers and late officers and seamen of the j
Mississippi flotilla, who represent that they |
entered the public service at the commence- i
ment of the war and continued in it until its
close, and that they have not received that
proportion of prize money resulting from cap-
tures made by the flotilla that they were en-
titled to under the laws when they entered the
service, nor such an amount as was received
by those who were associated with them in the
same service upon the Atlantic ocean, and
praying for relief. I move that the petition be
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. CONNESS, from the Committee on j
Mines and Mining, to whom was referred a !
bill (S. No. 257) to regulate the occupation
of mineral lands, and to extend the right of
preemption thereto, reported it with an amend-
ment, and submitted a report in writing; which
was ordered to be printed.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. HENDRICKS asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 341) amendatory of the preemp-
tion laws, and for other purposes; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to tha
Committee on Public Lands.
RAILROAD TO POINT OF RpCKS.
Mr. WADE. I offer a resolution, and as
it is merely a resolution of inquiry, I ask for
its present consideration:
Whereas the necessity of tho nation requires that
the seat of Government should be more accessible to
the great interests and convenience of the eastern,
and particularly to tho western portion of tho same;
and whereas the State ot Marlyand did, by an aet
approved March —, 1BG5, grant to the Baltimore and
Ohio Railroad Company the right to construct a rail-
road from the said railroad at the Point of Rocks to
the line of tho District of Columbia, with a purpose
to run the same into the city of Washington: There-
fore,
Be it resolved. That the Committee on the District
of Columbia be instructed to inquire into tho fact
whether said railroad company intend to carry out
the provisions of their said charter.
Mr. CRESWELL. I am not aware of the
object of this resolution, but I suppose, of
course, it is fairly stated on its face. My col-
league [Mr. Johnson] is not here to-day, but
will be here to-morrow.
Mr. WADE. I will state to the Senator that
this resolution concludes no right; it is only an
inquiry as to whether the company intend to
build the road. I was requested to ask for its
present consideration, but I have no objection
to its going over if the Senator so desires.
Mr. CRESWELL. I prefer that it should
go over until to-morrow.
Mr. WxVDE. Let it, go o\er.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution will lie over until to-morrow.
BENJAMIN FRANKLIN.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
339, reported from the Committee on Pensions.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 339] granting a pension to Benjamin Frank-
Sin was read a second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It directs the
Secretary of the Interior to place the name of
Benjamin Franklin, a private in company H,
second regiment Minnesota cavalry volunteers,
on the peusion-rol!, at the rate of twenty-five
dollars per month, to commence from the loth
day of January, 1865, and to continue during
his natural life.
The bill was reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
CAIRO AND FULTON RAILROAD GRANT.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 223.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 223) to revive
and extend the provisions of an act granting
the right of way and making a grant of land
to the States of Arkansas and Missouri to aid
in the construction of a railroad from a point
upon the Mississippi, opposite the mouth of
the Ohio river, via Little Rock. 10 the Texas
boundary near Fulton, in Arkansas, with
branches to Fort Smith and the Mississippi
river, approved February 9. 18-53, and for
other purposes, the pending question beingon
the amendment of Mr. Pomeroy, in section
one, line three, after the word "that'' ^ to strike
out the words '■ the above recited act" and to
insert, "the act granting the right of way
and making a grant of land to the States of
Arkansas and Missouri, to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad from a point upon the Mis-
sissippi opposite the mouth of the Ohio river,
via Little Rook, to the Texas boundary, near
