1892
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
that the articles required in the construction of
sliips hud (hen attained.
Mr. GRIMES. So far from that being the
case with a contract made according to the Sen-
ator's own statement in the spring of 1804, the
prices Of labor and materials advanced more
during that year than they did at any time in
1862 or 1863. Look at the pricc paid for labor;
take the finishers. You find that in January
1864, finishers got 24 cents an hour, in Febru-
ary 2o_ cents,.in March 26 cents, in April 27
cents, in May 28 cents, and so on until from
July to the end of the year they got SO cents an
hour. There was an increase of a very consid-
erable percentage. The Senate will observe
that the case is the same throughout, that year
in all the articles in the table, so that I think
it follows pretty conclusively that those gentle-
men, if they present claims, will have quite as
strong aground to base them upon as those who
present claims for 1863.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The point I make is
just this, in reply to the position of the Senator:
that the contracts that were made in 1862 and
1863 were made beiore the very great increase
in priccs, and therefore the parties were placed
, very differently from parties who made con-
tracts in 1864 when the prices were then ad-
vancing or had attained to the maximum. The
Senate will observe that the wagCs of finishers
advanced from January, 1862, to January. 1864,
from fifteen cents to twenty-fotjr cents per hour,
and during the year 1804 they advanced six
more cents. I suppose that is the average of
increase. The point is that these contracts
being made in 1862 and 1863, the prices con-
tinued to advance during all the time that these
parties were building the vessels and construct-
ing the machinery for them, so that they were
overtaken by this enormously high rate of prices
and destroyed. But as a matter of fact, in ad-
dition to the matter we have before the Senate
now, there are just two other cases, those of
McKay at Boston and the Greenwood estab-
lishment in the city of Cincinnati. What the
merits of those two cases may prove to be, I do
not know; the committee has not yet examined
them. I presume they have some claim, but to
what extent I am unable to say to the Senate:
but the Senator from Iowa I think is not
authorized in saying that there will be claims
beyond those that have been presented to the
Senate. I do not know of any others than
these two.
Mr. GRIMES. I simply say that I was so
informed by the Navy Department, who fur-
nished me this table that I have here, showing
the number of claims that would probably
comc in.
Mr. NYE. Is that in the report itself?
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir. I have several tables
here, showing all the contracts that wore made
during 1804 and 1865.
Mr. NYE. Is there any other to be pre-
sented that you know of?
Mr. GRIMES. None actually here, but I
hrue been talked tojjy a great many persons.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The next objection
made by the Senator from Iowa, the chairman
of the committee, is that there is great in-
equality in the claims that are presented, and
he cites two cases, the cases of the Wyalusing
and the Peoria, as specimens. I call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the facts in these two
cases. The Peoria will be. found on page 26
of the report of the board, and we shall see
how it came that the machinery for the Peoria
cost the contractors so much.
"Appeared before the board John Roach, proprie-
tor of the iEtna Iron Works and contractor for the
engines and boilers of the doable-end gunboat Po-
ol i a. Under oath dtates that the contract for this
vessel was dated by the Navy Department, October
29,1S02, in which ho was allowed seven months to
complete the machinery and boilers, and deliver the
vessel to the Government; but she was not so com-
pleted and delivered until on or about May 7. lSd'i.
Ilie principal causes of this delay in delivery were
ill procuring material, labor, and tools necessary to
carry on the work, the poor ijualitv of the iron to be
used in boilers and,other parts of the ship, ho being
pliable, until working said iron, to discover the de-
jects; then following the delay of coivleiamnt; the
same, Ac.; taat ho was ldicvfd from Hi- term- o;
tno contract,so far as regards lime of completion, by
an act of Congress; that the total cost, including bill
of S2.2S9 45 for extra woik paid in full by the Gov-
ernment, was $146,777 80; contract price paid him
was $84,239 45, leaving a balance, excess of cost to
him over and above con tract, price, of 562,538 44; that
this excess of eost is mainly due to the groator weight
of the engines than was anticipated by him when the
contract was entered into, the great advance in price
of material and labor, and the work being of a better
class than is generally understood to be required for
these engines; that there is no change in tho bill (an-
nexed to this record, marked No. 2S) for any extra
work unpaid, condemned material, or faulty work-
manship, and it shows the actual cost of labor and
material." -
This house, in building this machinery, un-
fortunately used defective iron.
Mr. GRIMES. Whose fault was that ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. They say, and that is
the report of the board, that it was not dis-
covered until the machinery was constructed,
Or in part constructed; then it was found to be
defective and was condemned, and they were
compelled to build the machinery again, so that
they were not only the losers of the iron, but
losers also by the delay.
Now, turn to the case of the Wyalusing, where
the loss is claimed to be but about five thou-
sand dollars ; it is on page 24:
"The main cause of delay in completing these
vessels"—
The Wyalusing, the Pilgrim, and the Min-
g°e—
"within the time specified was owing to the great
scarcity of labor required for the manufacture of the
important parts of th e machinery, and the conscrip-
tion, for a time, of the men employed by us. That
there was no reservation of the sum to bo paid them
on these contracts on account of tho delay in com-
pleting their work; that the cause of this excess of
cost was not owing to the rise in material, we having
purchased the same at the time of making the con-
tracts, but was due to an error in judgment on our
part."
The two cases that the Senator selects among
the machinery for the wooden double-enders
arc the Peoria and the Wyalusing. In the case
of the Wyalusing the loss was very small be-
cause of the fact that the parties were able to
buy their material when there was no increase
in the cost; they did not suffer by that. But
the Peoria was the very opposite; unfortunately
selecting defective iron, they had to rebuild a
portion of their machinery, and did that at a
time when iron cost double what it did when
the contract was made.
Mr. GRIMES. If we take the statement
that comes from the Nav3'Department as true,
so far from that being the fact, ir. appears that
Pusey, Jones & Co., who built the two small
vessels, the Wyalusing and the Mingoe, were
poor contractors, had less facilities for trans-
acting business than any others, and less means
for buying the iron than almost any other con-
cern, while the Peoria's machinery was built
by therEtna Works, a rich corporation in Bos-
ton. The iEtna Works bought poor iron. That
is the whole sum and substance of it according
to their own showing. Knowing that the De-
partment never used any other except the very
best quality of iron, and would accept nothing
except the very best quality of workmanship,
their workmanship and iron were not accepted,
and now, because in the mean time they were
compelled to get new iron and to do the work
over again, they want us to pay the damage.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I am
answering the point made by the Senator that
here are two vessels, the Mingoe' and the Wy-
alusing, the contractors for which claim but
about SO.000 damages while the Peoria con-
tractors claim §61,000 damages. I am ac-
counting for that upon the facte stated in this
report. I do not know what information the
Senator has from the Navy Department.
Mr. G-RIMES. I have read it. The Sena-
tor from Indiana has an opportunity to see it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That document does
not establish, as I recollect it, the proposition
that the one company was able to buy iron and
the other was not. Pusey, Jones & Co. had
their iron on hand, or bought it immediately
after the contract was made, and therefore in
the building of the machinery for their two ves-"
sels there was no increase in tho cost of the
material. Rut in the other case there was a
very large increase in the eost of material.
Now, sir, it is due to the Senate to state this
fact: here are twenty-two claims made by re-
spectable business men for building machinery
very similar in character. The average claim
for damages and losses is from about S20.000
to $40,000, one case going up to SO] ,001) on
account of the peculiar circumstances which I
have stated. None of these claims is less than
$20,000.
Mr. GRIMES. Some do not make any claim*!
Mr. HENDRICKS. None of these are less
than $20,000 except the two that I have men-
tioned, the Mingoe and Wyalusing; this is be-
cause of the increased cost of material. That
is all I have got to say upon that subject.
The Senator says that extra work has been
paid for already to the amount of six millions.
I want to know if the Senator says there has
been extra work paid for to these contractors
that are provided for in this bill amounting to
six millions.
Mr. GRIMES. No.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then what do yon
refer to ?
Mr. GRIMES. I mean to say that there
have been paid upon contracts, to the contract-
ors upon some of these vessels and upon other
contracts, $6,000,000.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Outside of this bill.
During what period?
Mr. GRIMES. During the war. I mean to
say this : that the Navy Department have paid
to every one of these contractors extra com-
pensation for what they supposed to be extra
work and changes made in consequence of the
directions of the Department.
_ Mr. HENDRICKS. Now, we will come
right to that. The Navy Department directed
changes in the style of the work, increased the
size, or increased the material. The Navy
Department has paid just for that additional
work.
Mr. GRIMES. -Yes:
Mr. HENDRICKS. But the Navy Depart-
ment has not allowed them for the delay which
that increased work has caused. These is no
pretense that the Navy Department has allowed
to these contractors anything because of the
loss occasioned by the delay in the completion
of the work, i will come to that subject again
directly, and show what has been the effect of
this delay and how it was caused.
I have very little to say about that ex parte
statement made by one of the bureaus in the
Navy Department. As I heard it read, and
'as I compared it with the proceedings of
the board, I did not think it a fair statement
of the case. The Secretary of the Navy has
not himself signed that document. He sends
it to the Committee on Naval Affairs with a
lett;er stating that it is a statement made up in
two of the bureaus of the Department. He
docs not indorse it himself by his own signa-
ture to it, as I recollect, and I am free to say
that I do not think it a fair statement of the
case. For instance, in that report reference is
made to the vessel Tippecanoe, and a claim that
is presented to the Department for losses sus-
tained in the construction of the Tippecanoe,
and reference is made to the buying of a buggy,
to a drive to Washington, and a trip to New
York. I hear these items brought into that
statement from the Navy Department. 'The
Tippecanoe vessel has nothing to do with this
bill. The Tippecanoe was not presented to
the board at all. The board never adjudicated
upon the Tippecanoe.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator a few minutes
ago contradicted the statement I made as to the
capacity of Pusey, Jones & Co., of Wilmington.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I did not contradict it;
I do not recollect.
Mr. GRIMES. This statement from tha
Department says:
_ "The contractors for tho machinery of the M'valu-
smgand Almgoe, Messrs. Pui-ey, Jones <t Co.. only
claim a loss of ^5.817 33 on e;tch vessel, though their
lacilities for executing this work are much k"-s tb;m
those of all the other parties; and they distinctly
state, on page 24, that this excess did not arise from
any increase in the price (it material, as they pur-
chased that when they made the contract."
