3812
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
Mr. HOGAN. Mr. Speaker, I must express
my wonderful obligations to the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Ali,et] who has ex-
tended to me, in behalf of the great naviga-
tion interest of the Mississippi, ten minutes to
discuss a measure of incalculable importance
adverse to that interest—a measure which
proposes to allow a chartered monopoly to
take the business of the people into their own
hands.
The Ordinance of 1787 requires that the Mis-
sissippi river and its tributaries shall be forever
free and unobstructed to all the people of the
United States, and now the gentleman from
Massachusetts comes into this House at the
bidding of the great monopolies of this coun-
try to destroy that navigation. to take away from
the people the right that they have, as citizens
of the United States, to the free navigation
of the greatest river in the world, and I and
other gentlemen, perhaps, who are similarly
situated are condescendingly allowed ten min-
utes' time to present these matters.
Now, sir, here is a great measure that stops
virtually the navigation of the Mississippi river.
It was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, and for months it was
discussed there. Gentlemen were brought be-
fore the committee; lawyers were employed by
the monopolies in order to induce the com-
mittee to make a report favorable to them.
But at a time when one member of the com-
mittee, who was known to be opposed to the
measure, was sick, four members of the com-
mittee agreed with the other four that the bill
might be reported to the House without any
recommendation. The committee was fairly
divided in regard to it, but they agreed that it
might be brought before the House.
Mr. ALLEY. Allow me a word of expla-
nation.
Mr. HOGAN. I will if it does not come out
of my ten minutes.
Mr. ALLEY. The section now under dis-
cussion was unanimously reported by the com-
mittee.
Mr. HOGAN. I would ask the gentleman
if thp committee authorized it to be put into
this omnibus bill.
Mr. ALLEY. They directed me to report
the provision precisely as it is here, but not
having an opportunity to report it alone I put
it into this bill.
Mr. HOGAN. To give it strength I under-
stand that the committee agreed that the meas-
ure might be brought into this House for its
action. What was the next move? Why, to
go around and gather up A, B, and C to put
other measures on the bill in order to gain
strength enough to force it through Congress.
Sir, is that the way in which the rights'of the
western country are to be legislated away into
the possession of monopolies? I say, sir, that
this js not the bill that was before the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads. The
gentleman introduced a bill here which was
framed by the attorney of this bridge com-
pany. It has lain here all this session, and
now, at the heel of the session, the gentleman
has stuck it on as an amendment to this bill
so as to increase the omnibus, and thus, by
possibility, -pass it through the House.
Sir, I speak to-day in the interest of the
people. I have no fee in order to induce my
advocacy of the Mississippi river as a medium
of commerce for this country. I am not the em-
ployed agent or attorney of any of these monop-
olies. They have their agents here upon this
floor; they have their interested stockholders
here to vote upon this measure; they have their
feed attorneys here to vote upon this measure
and rob the people of the West of the great,
God-given right to navigate freely the great
Mississippi river.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Allow
me a question.
Mr. HOGAN. I have but ten minutes.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. The gen-
tleman says the company has attorneys on this
floor; does he mean in seats here?
Mr. HOGAN. In their seats here.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Who
are they ?
Mr. HOGAN. I do not choose to give
names.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I insist on it as a point
of order. The gentleman makes a distinct
charge and I ask that bis words be taken
down at the Clerk's desk.
Mr. Hogan's remarks as taken down by the
reporters of the Globe were read, as follows:
"They have their agents hereupon thisfloor; they
have their interested stockholders here to vote upon
this measure; they have their feed attorneys here to
vote upon this measure and rob the people of tho
West of the great, God-given right to navigate freely
the great Mississippi river."
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks those
words are not in order. They contain a reflec-
tion upon members of the House.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania: The
question is whether they are true. That is
the material point.
Mr. HOGAN. I do not wish to say anything
improper. I would not have made a solitary
reflection upon anyone in connection with this
matter if an opportunity for deliberate debate
had been allowed me.
Mr..BOUTWELL. I think the House, at
this stage of the matter, has a right to know
whether the gentleman from Missouri stands
by the words he has used reflecting on mem-
bers of the House, or does he retract them?
Mr. HOGAN. As the words are clearly not
proper words to be used here, I prefer to with-
draw the words I used on that subject. They
are clearly not proper, and I say again  
Mr. BOUTWELL. I think the House must
follow the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Ho-
gan] one step further. It is not sufficientthat
he should retract the words; I think he must
state to the House whether he used the words
inadvertently and without authority, or whether
he retracts them merely because he does not
choose to stand by the reflection upon the mem-
bers of this House.
Mr. SPALDING. I ask that the objection-
able words may be again read.
The Clerk read the words as above recorded.
Mr. THAYER. I think the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Hogan] has done everything the
House could desire him to do. He has with-
drawn the words objected to, and I therefore
move that he be allowed to proceed in order.
The SPEAKER. That motion must be taken
without debate.
The motion was agreed to.
• Mr. HOGAN. Now, Mr. Speaker, I say dis-
tinctly if the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Botjtwell]  
Mr. BOUTWELL. I would like to know
whether the retraction has been taken down ;
and if so, I ask that it be read to the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Hogan] has been allowed by a vote
of the _ House to proceed in order, and is not
to be interrupted while proceeding in order.
What he says will be taken down by the report-
ers of the Globe.
Mr. BANKS. I think the House is entitled
to a record of the entire transaction'. If words
uttered here are excepted to they are written
down, and there is a record of them entered
upon the Journal of the proceedings of the
House. If the member makes a retraction,
that^retraction ought also to be taken down in
writing and be made a part of the Journal of
the proceedings of the House.
The SPEAKER. That might be, perhaps ;
but the rule does not so state. The Chair will
decide by the rule. The first part of the sixty-
second rule is as follows:
_ " If a member be called to order for words spoken
m debate, the person calling him to order shall re-
peat the words excepted to, and they shall be taken
down m writing at the Clerk's table."
The latter part of the sixty-first rule is as
follows:
"If the decision be in favor of the member called
to order, he shall be at liberty to proceed: if other-
wise, he shall not bepermittedto proceed, in case any
member object, without leave of the House."
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Botjtwell] objected to the member from Mis-
souri [Mr. Hogan] proceeding. The gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Thayer] moved
that the gentleman from Missouri be allowed
to proceed in order. The majority of the House
voted that the gentleman be allowed to proceed
in order. Only the words excepted to are re-
quired to be taken down in writing, not the
retraction.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I understood the
gentleman from Missouri to say that these
attorneys were in their seats here.
The SPEAKER. The House has passed
from that subject now, and the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Hogan] has the permission of
the House to proceed in order.
_ Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Hogan] was allowed to proceed
in order.
Mr. GRIDER. Upon that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. BROMWELL. I move to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. GRIDER. Upon that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to reconsider was then laid on
the table.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Hogan] is entitled to the floor for
three minutes, unless another point of order is
made, as he has the authority of the House to
proceed in order.
Mr. HOGAN. Mr. Speaker, I will take part
of my three minutes now to say—and I wish
what I say to be taken down distinctly—that the
remarks I made were improper. They should
not have been made, and would not have been
made, but that I felt that it was great provoca-
tion, on a great question like this, in which the
people of my district and other parts of the
West are so vitally interested, to be allowed
only ten minutes to speak upon ft, while other
parties conld have almost all the time they
wanted. Now, I will say in reference to this
matter 
Mr. ALLEY. Will the gentleman from Mis-
souri yield to me a moment for a question?
Mr. HOGAN. Will this interruption come
out of my time? If I could have time I would
have no objection to answer all the questions
that could be asked.
Mr. ALLEY. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Missouri whether I did not go to him and
tell him what I proposed to do and the circum-
stances under which 1 was placed, promising
to give him ten minutes to speak upon this
particular section, and that, if he desired it,
after the previous question had been called and
sustained, I would give him some additional
time to speak upon the general merits of the
bill. I understood the gentleman to express
himself as perfectly satisfied with the arrange-
ment; and certainly nothing has astonished
me more than to hear the complaint which he
makes this morning.
Mr. HOGAN. On that subject there must
be some misunderstanding between the gentle-
man and myself. His proposition, as I under-
stood it, was that if the Clinton bridge should
not be put into the omnibus bill, then I could
have ten minutes to speak upon the general
merits of the whole bill. But the understand-
ing which I had was that this Clinton bridge
bill was to remain upon its merits as a sepa-
rate measure. That was the way I understood it.
Mr. ALLEY. The gentleman will remem-
ber that previously to my asking the gentleman
whether he would not consent, if this was not
put into the bill, to go for the other, I called
upon him in reference to that arrangement. I
told him the reason why I was compelled to
put it into this bill, because I could not get it
in as a'separate bill.
The SPEAKER. The ten minutes of the
gentleman from Missouri have expired.
Mr. ALLEY. I yield five minutes more to
the gentleman from Missouri.
Mr. HOGAN. Mr. Speaker, it is a remark-
able stretch of magnanimity to allow to an ad-
vocate of the unobstructed navigation of the
