3814
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now ask
in consideration of wliat has been stated by the
gentleman from Massachusetts 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Alley] is entitled to the floor
\mless he yields. He must state whether he
iloes yield or does not.
Mr. ALLEY. I do not.
The SPEAKER. Then the gfentleman will
■proceed with his remarks.
Mr. ALLEY. I was going on to remarkthat
so far as the gentleman from Illinois is con-
cerned, I understand what his purpose is. He
wants to use up the morning hour. I now call
the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I appeal
to the House to hear me in response to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman call
the previous question on the amendment or on
the whole bill?
Mr. ALLEY. On the whole bill. Ihavegiven
the gentleman all the opportunity to be heard
that I agreed to do, and I cannot consent to
give him any more. I must insist on the pre-
vious question.
The question was put upon seconding the
demand for the previous question; and there
were—ayes 46, noes 42 : no quorum voting.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, I hope the
gentleman will withdraw the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I hope the previous
question will be seconded.
Mr. ALLEY. I will give the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Washburxe] thirty minutes of
my time after the previous question has been
seconded.
The previous question was seconded and the
uain question ordered.
Mr. ALLEY. I now yield to the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Washburne] for thirty min-
flles.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
I wish in the first place to thank the House for
coining so near to defeating the previous ques-
tion as to secure to me the agreement that I
may speak for half an hour. The members
of this House have undoubtedly understood
something of the interest I feel on this subject
of bridges. And I ask the indulgence of the
House while I state in a few words the reasons
vhy I have felt so much interest in this ques-
tion of damming up by bridging that magnifi-
cent and majestic highway of commerce which
has been dedicated to the free intercourse of the
commerce of_the country. In the first place,
without the authority of Congress, a bridge was
built at Rock Island many years ago; and let
me tell the House, what is the fact, and what
has been proved by the record: that bridge has
been a damage of §5,000,000 to the commerce
of _the_ country. From the time the bridge was
built in 1855, down to 1859, there were not less
than sixty-four steamboats lost, wrecked, or
damaged, worth in the aggregate $2,000,000,
and the sum of $3,000,000 may have been
added as a tax upon the commerce of the
country by the additional rates of freight and
insurance, owing to the dangers to navigation
which that bridge has caused. But because
there was a question of jurisdiction arising, as
well as other questions, the people who have
suffered this great injury have been without
remedy, although this vast amount of damage
has accrued to them.
Now I wish to direct the attention of this
House briefly and hurriedly to this matter, as
it now comes before us, for I feel that I am
tied down here to a sort of bed of Procrustes,
to one half hour. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the members to the enormity of this
bill which has been brought in here. Not-
withstanding the effect of this Rock Island
bridge, another bridge was built at Clinton,
which is the bridge it is now sought to legalize by
this bill. Now, I say to you, Mr. Speaker, and
I say to this House, that if I cannot demon-
strate that this is one of the most impudent
ono of the most outrageous measures that
4ms House was ever called upon to sanction,
then I will give up the argument. Now, sir,
what is this whole matter? I ask the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Alley] to ex-
plain it. Here is a bridge built without au-
thority of law, which is a great obstruction to
the navigation of the Mississippi river, and
which has caused the loss of vast sums of
money to the people of the country. And we can
have no adequate and speedy remedy for this
great wrong on account of questions of juris-
diction and other questions, although there are
suits now pending against the owners of the
bridge. And yet this railroad interest, these
monopolies that my friend from Missouri [Mr.
Hogan] liasspoken of, come here and demand
of us that we shall sanction this outrage, give
it legal validity, and enable them as a part of
a system to obtain millions and millions of dol-
lars from the pockets of the people, not only
from the pockets of the people of the West
but the people of the East.
And how will my friend from Massachusetts
[Mr. Alley] excuse himself to his constituents
for coming here and urging upon us the legali-
zation of this great obstruction to the naviga-
tion of the Mississippi river, impeding com-
merce and adding to the cost of transportation?
What is the interest which he can have to dam
up this river and add to the expense of living
to his constituents? Do not we feed his con-
stituents ? Do not the cod-fishers at Marble-
head, the clam-diggers at Danvers, and the shoe-
makers at Lynn, eat our flour and our pork?
And does he not well know if you dam up
or impede the navigation of this Mississippi
river you add to the cost of transportation on
these articles and take so much more money
out of the pockets of his constituents? If I
had the time I could show you by statistics here
the additional cost of these things to the people
of Massachusetts and all New England to whom
we furnish them. Now, let me tell gentlemen
that it is in the interest of the railroad com-
panies that the Mississippi should be dammed
up, for they want to make all the commerce
of the country tributary to them. If they can
get permission to dam up that majestic stream
they will put whatever price they please upon
the transportation of what you get. I have the
statistics here showing that since the Missis-
sippi river has become open and free, the price
of freight on flour from the upper Mississippi
to Boston or New York has come down from
one to two dollars a barrel, and yet the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Alley] comes
here and asks us to legalize the erection of
this bridge and thus inflict this additional cost
upon his constituents. Why does he want to
inflict this injury upon them, to benefit railroad
monopolies?
Mr. Speaker, this is not the question which
is involved in the other sections of the bill.
No, sir; I said before in this House that I will
no^t oppose but am rather in favor of bridging
the river, if it can be done without obstructing
the navigation. Now, sir, let us see what the
gentleman from Massachusetts does, and how
he stands here before the House in regard to this
matter. Sir, what is required by these amend-
ments which the gentleman has introduced,
and which were passed upon by the House?
Sir, they require a draw of one hundred and
sixty feet; and the piers are to be set in a par-
ticular way and the draw to be kept open. That,
sir, is what the gentleman's committee said was
right and proper; and after the committee have
made that the rule for all other bridges, the gen-
tleman comes in here and proposes that this
bridge shall be made an exception to the gen-
eral rule. What is his excuse? If a draw one
hundred and twenty feet in width is enough, why
did the gentleman require a draw one hundred
and sixty feet in these other cases? Now, if the
House wants to hear the testimony in regard
to the obstruction of this bridge, I will read it.
Pleading here the cause of the people, I ask
them, if they must strike, to hear me. The mo-
nopolies are heard; but I ask you to hear the
great voice of the people. I did not know that
you would hear. I did not know but that you
would be worse than the judge of the old my-
thology, Rhadamantbus, who was regarded as
the most inexorable of all the infernal judges.
He chastised, but he heard—castigat, auditqna.
You undertake to chastise, without hearing,
my people and the eight million people in the
Northwest, besides the gentleman's constit-
uents and the people of the East.
I desire, Mr. Speaker, that this House shall,
in considering this Clinton bridge, separate this
amendment from the bill which is before the
House. Here the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, after having got through a general bill,
undertakes in the interest of a corporation to
getfthrough a special bill to legalize this bridge—
a thing that has never before been done in this
House in regard to a Mississippi river bridge,
and which I supposed never could be done or
would be done. And, sir, I wish members
could realize the terror of the people in the
Northwest in regard to what this Congress may
do on these subjects. They have felt a keen
solicitude with regard to what blow might be
struck at their great interests. Sir, the peo-
ple from one end of the river to the other have
been deeply aroused in relation to this subject.
Every navigating interest of the Ohio, the Illi-
nois, the Missouri, and the Mississippi, every
interest of New England, every interest of New
York city and of Philadelphia, the whole com-
mercial interest of the country is concerned in
this question.
Now, sir, the gentleman from Massachusetts
has the coolness to tell this House that this
bridge with a draw only one hundred and twenty
feet wide is no obstruction to the navigation,
while in the bill before us it is declared, and
he declares in reporting it, that a draw of one
hundred and sixty feet is necessary.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Does not the gentleman
overstate the width of the span of Clinton
bridge? I have always understood, and my
information has been received from parties
familiar with the matter, that it is only one
hundred and sixteen feet.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is one
hundred and twenty feet, I have all the tes-
timony here. It is forty feet less than the
width which the gentleman from Massachusetts
has said is necessary for these other bridges.
I demand, why this discrimination in favor of
this bridge? 1 have here the testimonj' of some
fifty or sixty pilots and rivermen on the Mis-
sissippi river. I do not know that the testi-
mony of the courageous, skillful, hardy men
who navigate our commerce upon that river
will receive any consideration from this House.
But these men are in a position above all other
men to know the truth in reference to this mat-
ter. What do they tell you? In the first place,
they tell you that there is a suit pending in
regard to this bridge. I proposed an amend-
ment providing that this legislation should not
interfere with any suit in court. This was ob-
jected to by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
llaveyou ever, gentlemen of the Houseof Rep-
resentatives, voted to take a suit out of court
as this bill will do? Then I proposed to the
gentleman to withdraw all my opposition to the
bill and to vote for it, if he would accept an
amendment providing that this bridge should
be made to conform precisely to the other
bridges before it should be declared a post
route. Was not that fair? Was not that just?
But the gentleman must have the '■ pound of
flesh." He demands of us everything that we
have. Nothing less will satisfy his insatiate
desire to be revenged on the West that feeds
his constituents. Does he want them to starve ?
The men^ interested in the navigation of this
river say in their statement that—■
Said bridge is a dangerous nuisance, materially
obstructing the navigation of the Mississippi river;
that we respcetfnllyprayitnd hope that Congre-sswill
in no manner interfere with the course of justice by
legalizing this bridge."
Here, then, is the sworn testimony. We have
the affidavit of some fifteen or twenty more
pilots, and I ask the attention of the House to
their declarations:
. The undersigned, pilots, captains, and exports in
the navigation of the upper Mississippi river, and
Owners of boats engaged in the navigation of the
