•880
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
to grant the right of way to the Humboldt Canal
Company through the public lands ofthe United
States 5 which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
MESSAGE FROM Till] IiOUSIS.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No. DG)
authorizing an increase of the clerical force in
the Post Office Department.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had passed a joint resolution
,(H. E. No. 57) authorizing the Secretaries of
War and Navy to place hulks and vessels at the
disposal of commissioners of quarantine or other
proper authorities at ports of the United States;
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed an enrolled bill (H. R. No. 38) for the
relief of Charlotte Benee, widow of Philip H.
Benee, late captain of company F, thirtieth
regiment Iowa volunteer infantry; which there-
upon received the signature of the President
pro tempore.
METROPOLITAN INSURANCE COMPANY.
Mr. WILLEY. IT (here he no further morn-
ing business, [ move that the Senate take up
the bill (S. No. 08) to incorporate the Metro-
politan Fire and Marine Insurance Company
of the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill.
It proposes to declare William E. Spalding,
John Van Reswiek, Charles W. lioteler, jr.,
Augustus E. Perry, James L. Barbour, George
Wr. Corcoran,Thomas IJ. Morgan, H. A. Chad-
wick, James Y. Davis, F. A. Lutz, Samuel P.
Brown, John L. Kidwell, William Gait, John
M. Barclay, John F. Ellis, William M. Sinis-
ter, John F. Callan, James T. Close, Charles
Kloman, Frederick Koones, and John B. Tur-
ton, and their present and future associates, a
body politic and corporate by the name and
style of the Metropolitan Fire and Marine In-
surance Company of the District of Columbia,
with the usual powers of a corporation, with
a capital stock of ten thousand shares of $100
each.
The Committee on the District of Columbia
reported the bill witli an amendment to strike
out nil of the bill after the second section, in
the following words:
Sec. 3. And be -if further enacted, That the affairs of
this company shall bo managed by a board of nine
directors.to be elected annually from among the stock-
holders, and to continue in office until succcssors be
chosen; five of whom shall be a quorum for transacting
business, but a small cm umber may adjourn fi om time
to time. Vacancies happening in the board may be
filled by the remaining directors for the balance of the
year for which they were elected. The board shall
choose one of their number as president, and may ap-
point a secretary and such other officers as may be
necessary for conducting the affairs of the company.
Si:c. 4. And be it further cnuctcd, That the capital
stock of this company shall consist of ten thousand
shares of $100 each, to be paid m such installments as
the directors may determine.
Sec. 5. Andbe it further cna<-ted, That the directors
may dcclnrcsuch semi-annual dividends of thepiolits
of the company as they may deem proper: but no divi-
dend shall be declared of more than six per cent, per
annum unless the company have on hand at tne time
a surplus of at least $ JO, 000.
Sec. 0. And he it further enarfed, Th:>t the surplus
funds of this company may bcinve-tcd i n such.tc-un-
ties as the direelois may deem expedient.
Sec. 7. And be it further r,i>tc1cd, Thai within twenty
days after the parage of this act, the persons named
therein, or any live of them, shall, after ten days'
public notice, open hooks oi sub^ci iption to the capi-
tal stock of the company, and as ^oon 'd< tea thousand
sharesshaHhavebeenMibscvioed for, the stockholders
shall be called together, by a notice of at lea^t ten
day^ ni some Washington newspaper, when they shall
proceed to the organization of the company.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the <5toek of
said corporation shall not be less than <100,000. and
may at any tunc hereafter be increased, at the pleas-
ure of said corporation, to any sum not exe<*edine
§1,000,000, and shall be divided into shares of >L0U
sach; and each subscriber to said capital stock shall,
at the time of subscribing therefor, pay into the tieas-
ury of said corporation an installment of twenty dol-
lars on each share of said stock by him subscribed; i
and shall, before said corporation shall commence1,
business, secure the payment of the remaining eighty ; j
dollars on caeh share by him so subscribed, either by j
mortgage or mortgages of real estate, or by indorsed
promissory note or notes, or by pledge of bonds or
stocks as collateral security, said mortgages, notes,
bonds, and stocks to be approved in writing by the
directors of said corporation, and two thirds of the
corporators herein named: and said corporation sh all
at all times have a lien upon the stock of such stock-
holder for all indebtedness of such stockholder to said
corporation-; and said securities shall, in all cases, be
payable in such installments and at such stated pe-
riods as said directors may require, in and by a call
or calls published in one or more of the newspapers
published in thecity of Washington; which said notes
and mortgages shall in no ease be sold or transferred
by said corporation for a sum less than the par value
thereof in cash: Aboaya provided, That the call for
the first installment upon said securities shall be pub-
lished at least thirty days before the said installment
is payable. And no stockholder of said corporation
shall, after said corporation shall have commenced
business.be indebted to said corporation, either as
dravvei oi indoiser, or in any other way. directly or
indirectly, to an amount exceeding eighty per cent,
on each snare of the stock so subscribed or held by
him.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That all the busi-
ness affairs of said corporation shall be managed and
controlled by a board of not less than nine directors,
who shall bechosen by ballot,solelyfrom among and
by the stockholders, which choice shall be made by a
majority of votes cast; and said directors shall hold
their respective offices at pleasure, for one year, and
until others arc chosen in their room; and the annual
meetings for the choice of said directors shall, after
the first election, be holden in the city of Washington
on the first Wednesday of January in'caeh year, or
within one month thereafter, as shall be appointed
by said board of directors; and none but a stock-
holder in said corporation shall be eligible to the
office of or shall act as a director thereof.
Sec. 5. And be it further cnactcd, That the said di-
rectors shall elect ono of theirnumberto be president
of said corporation, who shall receive such salary or
compensation as a majority of said directors shall
determine; and in ease of the absence of the pres-
ident, or his inability or neglect to pci form the duties
of his office, said dneclors may, as often as necessity
may require, elect from among themselves a president
for the time hems; an din case any vacancy shall occur
in said board by death, resignation, or otherwise, be-
tween the annual meetings of the stockholders, said
directors may iiil such vacancy by choosing, from
among said stockholders, a director or directors, who
shall continue in office at pleasure until a successor
or successors shall be chosen. And thesaid directors-
«hall have power to appoint a secretary and treasurer
of said corporation, who shall give bonds to the satis-
faction of said directors for the faithful performance
of their respective duties; and shall also have power
to establish any and all such agencies in the District
of Columbia and elsewhere, and appoint such agents,
clerks, and other oilicers as they shall deem necessary
and convenient, and also perform such other acts and
exercise such other powers as they shall deem expe-
dient and best for the interest of said corporation, and
the well ordering of its nffans.
Si:o. 6. And be it further enacted, That, the said
di lectors shall determine how many of their own body
shall constitute a quorum lor the transaction of busi-
ness, and when that quorum i>- formed, if the president
is not present, the directorsshall appointfiomamong
theirnumbcr a president for the time being; and said
ducctors shall have the power to prescribe the fonn
und mode of issuing policies, to establish the rates
and mode of payment of premiums, and to determine
what disposition shall be made of the profits, if any,
arising from the business of said corporation, either
from premiums, interest, or loans, or m any other
way whatever: Ptooi.de d, That no dividend shall be j
dcclaicd for more than six pei cunt, per annum, un-
le^ the company have on hand, atthe time, a surplus I
of at least 1^0,1)00. j
!5T. A nd be it further e xacted, That the president I
shall have power at any time i o *all a special meeting ,
of the stockholders; and it shall be hi> duty to call !
such special meeting whenever thereto requested by
the holders of one fourth of said stock; and public '
notice shall be niven at least two week? previous to ,
any meeting oi the stockholders, whether annual or '
special, by advertising in two newspapers published j
inthecitj of Washington; and all questions at any j
meeting of "aid stockholders shall be determined by 1
a majority of votes cast; and each of said stock- ]
holders shall be entitled to a number of votes eciual to -
the number of share;- he may be the owner of: Pro- '■
vided, That no stockholder shall, by virtue of the l
number of shares he may be the owner of, in any case !
i be entitled to more than t w o fifths of the whole num-
ber uf saulshares; and said stockholders shall be en- :
titled to vote in person or by proxv duly appointed. '
i^F.c. S. And be it farther enacted, That said corpora- i
tion may issue policies stipulated to be with or with- j
out participation of profits on the part of theinsured; 1
and said corporation shall be liable to make good and i
to pay to the several peisonswho may orshall be in- 1
sured thereby, for ail losses sustained by them on the ;
property injured by reason of lire and the other haz- !
ards aforesaid insuied against, in accordance with |
the teinv« of the contract of insurance and with the i
form ofthe policies issued by said corporation; which j
said policies and all other t ontracts of said corpora- ■
tion may be made with or without the common seal 1
of .-aid corporation, and nhall be ..ignod by the pres- 1 '
ideni and countersigned by the secretary of said cor-
poration, and being so signed and executed, and the
premiums thereon being paid, shall bo obligatory on
said corporation. "No stockholder shall be responsi-
ble in his private capacity and estate for any debt or
liability of said corporation; but m case ol fraud or
intentional violation of the charter, the peisoa or
poisons guilty thereof shall be personally liable to
said corporation or to the assured, as the case may be.
Sec. 9. Andbe it further enacted, That the capital
stock of the said corporation shall be transferable
according to the by-laws and regulations prescribed
by the directors; and every subscriber to theeapital
stock of said corporation who shall neglecttopay the
installments aforesaid, or to secure in the manner
aforesaid the residue of each share by him subscribed,
shall forfeit to said corporation his share or shares,
and all payments made thereon, together with all
profits that may have accrued thereon.
Sec. 10. And he it further enacted, 'Chat the corpo-
rators named in the first section of this act, or a ma-
jority of them, are hereby authorized to make and
receive subscriptions to the capital stock of the com-
pany hereby incorporated, and they, or a majority
of them, are hereby empowered to open books fortho
subscriptions, in the city of Washington, at such time
and place as shall be appointed by theni, of which
time and place two weeks' previous notice shall be
given by publishing thesamein two newspapers pub-
lished in the sfvd city of Washington; and should
there bemore than one hundred thousand dollars of
said capital stock subscribed at said meeting, or at
any other time or place to which said meeting may
be adjourned by said corporators or a majority of
them, then the amount last aforesaid shall be appor-
tioned by them as they may deem best among the
subscribers; and the coipoiators named in the first
section of this act, or a majority of them, are hereby
authorized to call a meeting of the stockholders, at
some place appointed by them m the city of Wash-
ington, within thirty day3 after the capital stock to
the amount last aforesaid shall have been subscribed, •
which meeting may be organized by theappointment
of a chairman, and such committee or committees
as may be deemed proper; and such meeting may
adjourn from time to time, until said corporation
is organized in conformity with this charter. The
capital stock shall be subscribed to the amount of
#100,000, before said directors shall be chosen, and
before said corporation shall make any insurance;
and as soon as the installments upon said last-named
amount shall have been paid, and the remainder of
the stock secured as provided in the third section of
this act, said corporation may commence business.
Sec. 11. Aiid be it further enacted. That should it at
any time be deemed advisable by said corporation to
increase its capital stock, as is provided in the second
section of this act, then a new subscription for such .
additional stock as may bcdc3ircd, not exceeding the
amount herein authorized, shall be opened by the
directors of said corporation, at such time and place,
and upon such notice as they may deem best; and in
case the subscription should exceed the amount of
such additional stock, then the same shall be appor-
tioned among the subscribers therefor, by the said
dnectors, at their discretion.
Sfc. 12. And be it further enacted, That nothing in
this act shall be so construed as to authorize the said
corporation to issue any note, token, device, scrip, or
other evidence of debt, to be used as a currency.
Sec. 13. Andbe it further enacted. That it may bo
lawful for Congress hereafter to alter, modify, or re- .
peal the foregoing act.
Mr. WILLEY. I move to amend the amend-
ment in section three, lines sixteen and seven-
teen, by striking out after the word 11 corpora-
tion" the words "and two thirds of the incor-
porators herein named ;" so that it will read:
Said mortgages, notes, bonds, and stock® to be
approved in writing by the directors of said corpora-
tion, and said coiporation shall have at all times a
lien upon the stock, &e.
I think the object is sufficiently secured with-
out repeating those words.
The amendment to the amendment was ?
agreed to.
The amendment as amended was adopted.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading; was read the third time, and
passed.
MESSAGE FilOM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives. by Mr. McPiierpox. its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
a joint resolution (H. R. No. 6(5) relative to the
courts and post office of New York city, in
which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
STURGEON P.AY SIHP-CANAL.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 85.
The motion was agreed to: and the consid-
eration of the bill (S. No. 85) granting to the
State of Wisconsin a donation of public lands
to aid in the construction of a breakwater and
harbor and ship-canal at the head of Sturgeon
bay, in the county of Door, in said Slate, to
connect the waters of Green bav with -Lake
