414
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 28,
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
water from the President's House, the cow-
stable, cow-yard, and small greenhouse, one
thousand two hundred and fifty dollars.
For an iron fence around the Botanic Garden,
fifteen thousand dollars.
To cause to be painted in the square panels of
glass, in the ceiling of the House of Represent-
atives, the escutcheons of the States of West
Virginia and Nevada, the sum of one hundred
and thirty dollars.
For compensation of one additional laborer
hereby authorized to be appointed in the Li-
brary of Congress, commencing July first,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six, seven hun-
dred and twenty dollars. .
For purchase of coal and pay of firemen to
warm the Library of Congress, two thousand
two hundred and eighty dollars.
For care, support, and medical treatment of
sixty transient paupers, mediaal and surgical
patients, in some proper medical institution in
the city of Washington, under a contract to be
formed with such institution by the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings, twelve thousand
dollars, or so much thereof as may be neces-
sary.
For hire of carts on the public grounds, two
thousand dollars.
For purchase and repair of tools used in the
public grounds, four hundred dollars.
For purchase of trees and tree-boxes, to
replace, when necessary, such as have been
planted by the United States, to whitewash
tree-boxes and fences, and to repair pave-
ments in front of the public grounds, three
thousand dollars.
For annual repairs of the Capitol water-clos-
ets, and to put the proper number of water-
closets in the upper stories, public stables,
water-pipes, pavements, and other walks within
the Capitol square, broken glass, and locks, and
for the protection of the building, and keep-
ing the main approaches to it unencumbered,
in addition to the sale of old material, twelve
thousand dollars.
For grading and repairing Virginia avenue,
ten thousand dollars.
For keeping the spring and water pipes which
supply all the drinking water to the Capitol in
repair, and erecting a substantial wooden fence
around the ground on which the spring at Smith'' s
farm is, one thousand dollars.
For the Capitol extension, two hundred
thousand dollars.
For fuel, in part, for the President's House,
five thousand dollars.
For lighting the Capitol and President's
House and public grounds around them, around
the executive offices, and Pennsylvania avenue,
sixty thousand dollars.
For lighting Four-and-a-half street across
the Mall, and Maryland avenue west, and Sixth
street south, fifteen thousand dollars: Provided,
That the corporation of Washington city shall
light their street lamps with seven-feet burners,
twenty-one nights in each month, from dark
until_ daylight, and that no part of this appro-
priation shall be disbursed until it is proved to
tlfe satisfaction of the Commissioner of Public
Buildings that said corporation have so lighted
their street lamps.
For pay of lamp-lighters, gas-fitting, plumb-
ing, lamp-posts, lanterns, glass, paints,matches,
materials and repairs of all-sorts, twenty thou-
sand dollars.
For casual repairs of the Potomac, navy-
yard, and upper bridges, six thousand dollars.
For repairs of Pennsylvania avenue, five
thousand dollars.
For public reservation number two and La
Fayette square, in addition to the sale of hay
which may be raised on the former, three thou-
sand dollars.
For purchase of fuel for the center building
of the Capitol, fifteen hundred dollars.
For erecting a new draw in the navy-yard
bridge, five thousand dollars.
For taking care of the grounds south of the
President's House, eontinuingtheimprovement
of the same, and repairing fences, three thou-
sand dollars.
For repairs of water-pipes, five hundred
dollars.
For cleaning and repairing sewer traps on
Pennsylvania avenue, three hundred dollars.
For casual repairs of all the furnaces under
the Capitol, five hundred dollars.
For under-draining the President's garden
and Capitol grounds, one thousand dollars.
To enable the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings to so grade a portion of North Capitol
street as to relay the water-pipes leading from
the Government spring to the Capitol, suffi-
ciently below the grade as to secure from frost,
and to relay said pipes, eight thousand one
hundred and forty dollars.
For hauling manure for top-dressing the
public grounds, five hundred dollars.
For the protection and improvement of
Franklin square, fifteen hundsed dollars.
For watchman for Franklin square, six hun-
dred dollars.
For the compensation of eight extra clerks
in the office of Indian Affairs, under the acts
of August fifth, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, March third, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, and March third, eighteen hundred and
sixty-five, for the fiscal year ending June thirty,
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, eleven thou-
sand two hundred dollars.
For the continuation of the work upon the
north portico of the Patent Office building, of
fifty thousand dollars.
For additional contingent expenses of the
Northeast Executive Building, or the building
occupied by the Secretary of State, including
extra watchmen and laborers, six thousand
dollars.
For salaries of commissioners under '"An
act to provide for the revision and consolida-
tion of the statute laws of the United States,"
approved June twenty-seven, eighteen hundred
and sixty-six, and for clerical services, and
other incidental expenses, the printing to be
done by the Government Printing Office,twenty
five thousand dollars.
For the payment of temporary clerks of the
first class in the office of the Commissioner of
Pensions, under the direction of the Secretary
of of the Interior for the fiscal year ending
June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven, twenty-five thousand dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Interior, at
his discretion, to rent such rooms in the vicin-
ity of the Department for the use of the Pen-
sion Office as may be deemed necessary for the
transaction of the business of that office, three
thousand dollars.
For the purchase of a site and the erection
of a building at Saint Paul, Minnesota, for a
custom-house, post office, the accommodation
of the Federal courts, and other necessary Gov-
ernment purposes, the same to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of the
Treasury, fifty thousand dollars.
JAIL IN THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
For the support and maintenance of the con-
victs transferred from the District of Colum-
bia at such place or places as may be selected
by the Secretary of the Interior, fifty thousand
dollars.
For salary of warden of the jail in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, two thousand dollars for the
fiscal year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-seven, and the same is hereby
authorized.
_ For the payment in part for the purchase of
sites and the erection of school-houses in the
county of Washington, in the District of Co-
lumbia, payable to the board of commissioners
of primary schools of said county, the sum of
ten thousand dollars.
For support of_ the Columbia hospital for
women and lying-in association, ten thousand
dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay the persons employed by the Committees
on the District of Columbia of the two Housss
of Congress, under the provisions of the joint
resolution approved June eighteen, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four, entitled "A resolution
to pi-ovide for the revision of the laws of the
District of Columbia," the compensation pro-
vided in said resolution, two thousand dollars,
or so much thereof as may be necessary for
that purpose.
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
For the preservation of the collections of
the exploring and surveying expeditions of the
Government, four thousand dollars.
WASHINGTON AQUEDUCT.
To complete the dam in the Potomac river
at the head of the aqueduct, fronj, the shore to
Conn's Island, with cut stone, fifty-one thou-
sand six hundred and eighty-seven dollars.
To complete the connecting conduit around
and outside the receiving reservoir, seventy
thousand eight hundred and ninety-seven dol-
lars.
To finish gate-house at Great Falls, four
thousand dollars.
For temporary dam at Conn's Island, one
thousand dollars.
For management, miscellaneous, and con-
tingents, fifteen thousand dollars.
GOVERNMENT HOSPITAL FOE THE INSANE.
For the support, clothing, and medical treat-
ment of the insane of the Army and Navy, and
the revenue-cutter service, and of the indigent
insane of the District of Columbia, at the Gov-
ernment hospital for the insane in said Dis-
trict, including five hundred dollars for books,
stationery, and incidental expenses, ninety
thousand five hundred dollars.
For finishing, furnishing, and lighting addi-
tional accommodations in the east wing, in
part unfinished, five thousand dollars.
For continuation of the wall inclosing the
grounds, ten thousand dollars.
For the purchase and fencing fifty-six and
one half acres of meadow land, lying near the
hospital, provided the Secretary of the Inte-
rior shall approve of the purchase in view of
the price and quality of the land, and the ne-
cessity of adding it to the hospital farm, six
thousand dollars.
PATENT OFFICE,
For expenses of receiving, arranging, and
taking care of copyright books, charts, and
other copyright matter, one thousand eight
hundred dollars.
For preparing illustrations and descriptions
for the report of the Commissioner of Patents,
six thousand dollars.
COLUMBIAN INSTITUTION FOR THE DEAF AND
DUMIi.
For the support of the institution, including
five hundred dollars for books and illustrative
apparatus, twenty thousand seven hundred
dollars.
For the erection, furnishing, and fitting up
of two extensions to the buildings, to provide
enlarged accommodations for the male and fe-
male pupils and the resident officers of the
institution, thirty-two thousand two hundred
and forty dollars.
For the erection of a brick barn, carriage-
house, cow-house, shop, gas-house, and ice-
house, fourteen thousand five hundred dollars.
For the improvement and inclosure of the
grounds of the institution, including under-
drainage and sewerage, four thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
PROVIDENCE HOSPITAL, D. C.
For the purpose of aiding in the erection of
an additional building to the Providcnce Hos-
pital, in the city of Washington, thirty thou-
sand dollars: Provided, That if the said prop-
erty should ever be sold or diverted from the
