2854
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
pose that the strength of this nation lies in the i
Government of the United States. The Gov-
em merit of the United States is not strong. ;i
The strength of this nation is in the American [
people; and the strength of the nation is in the j
American people as the}' exercise it on the j
basis of their reserved rights. There is no
strength outside of that. The Government of
the United States is absolute weakness stand-
ing by itself; when not backed by the people
■we have seen during this war that it was weak-
ness itself. From the very nature of the case
it must be so. It was designed to be so. The
Government of the United States was never !|
designed to be strong, only for protection-, only j!
for general defense. But. sir, in all the rela- j|
tions which constitute the strength of the nation
yon mast rely on the people. The strength of
this nation and the power of this nation is in
the people: the strength and power of the
people are in their reserved rights—rights in-
dependent of the Government to direct their
primary relations.
As illustrating this same principle, to show
the tendency to do everything in a national
way—for nothing is supposed to be legitimate
about these times except it has the indorsement
of nationality—let me read the title of another
bill. They not only propose, you see, to frame
a general bill by which you may form national
railway corporations to make railroads through-
out the length and breadth of the land, but
they propose to do it exactly as you would form
private corporations for manufacturing estab-
lishments in the several States, exactly on that
plan; but they propose something more. Here
are two bills that have a practical bearing on
this question and a practical application of the
general principle contended for in this general
bill and growing out of the bill we have under
consideration to-day, and illustrating the power
which the friends of this bill claim to assert on
the part of the General Government. Now,
let me read the title of a bill introduced into
the House af Representatives on the 80th of
April: j
A bill to authorize the Cleveland and Mahoning !
Railroad Company, a corporation created and exist- j
ins? under the laws of the States of Ohio and Penn- i
sylvania, to continue and construct the railroad of j
said company from the village of Youngstown, Ma- j
honing county, in said State of Ohio, to and into the ;
said State of Pennsylvania, and thence by the most
advantageous and practicable route to the city of i
Pittsburg, in said State of Pennsylvania, and to ;
establish said road as a military, postal, and com- j
mercial railroad of the United States. j
Now, what is the effect of that bill ? Here >
is a corporation chartered by the State of Ohio j
to build a road within the limits and jurisdic- j
tion of Ohio, of course, and this is a bill which
authorizes that corporation, the creature of the
power of Ohio, to extend its road to Pennsyl-
vania, another State, and into Pennsylvania to
a certain point, some one hundred miles more
or loss, with all the powers and privileges and
immunities that that corporation has within the
"limits of Ohio. Is it possible that the Gov-
ernment of the United States has any such
power? Is it possible that the Government of
the United States can authorize and empower
a railroad corporation, chartered to build a road
within a particular State, to run its road into
another State, and there to exercise all the
privileges, powers, and immunities that it may
exercise in the State that gave it the charter
of incorporation ? That is this bill; that is the
principle of the bill now before the Senate. _
To show you how prolific this principle is,
I will read you the titlo of another bill spring-
ing from the same source; for I believe all
have the same paternity, all come from the
same quarter; and as they are laid here upon
our tables, for our instruction, I suppose, if
not for our edification, I may allude to them
by way of illustrating my argument. This is
'"A bill to promote the construction of a line
of railways between the city of Washington
and the Northwest"—for what? For commer-
cial purposes? For military purposes? _ Why,
sir, to show you the looseness with which we
go, here is "A bill to promote the construction
of a line of railways between the city of Wash-
ington and the Northwest, for national pur-
poses." Not only is it contended that you
may do it for commercial purposes, that you
may do it for military purposes, but now you
may do it •' for national purposes;" and what
is "national" we are not told by this bill. The
bill sets out with this interpretation of itself:
Whereas there is now a complete line of railroad
between the city of Washington and Cumberland, in
Alleghany county, in tho State of Maryland, which
is about being shortened nearly fifty miles by a line
from said city of Washington to the Point of Hocks,
on the Potomac river, in Frederick county, in said
State; and whereas a company has been incorporated
by tho State of Maryland to construct a railroad from
Cumberland aforesaid to the Pennsylvania line, in
the direction of Pittsburg, designed to connect with
a railroad in Pennsylvania to the latter city: and
whereas the Pittsburg and Connellsville Kailroad
Company, incorporated by the State of Pennsylvania,
has completed a railroad from Pittsburg to Connells-
ville. on a line to connect with tho Maryland road
aforesaid: and whereas but a comparatively short
distance between Cumberland and Pittsburg remains
to be completed to furnish with tho railroad between
Washington and Cumberland a direct railroad com-
munication, by a short and advantageous route, be-
tween Washington city and Pittsburg and Hie con-
nections with the Northwest from the latter city; and
whereas the Legislature of Pennsylvania has at-
tempted to create impediments m connecting the
railroads so as aforesaid authorized to be built in
Pennsylvania and Maryland, which prevent at this
time the completion of a work of national importance,
and has thereby attempted to impair the value of a
franchise under which citizens of Maryland and Penn-
sylvania have made large investments: and whereas
it is proper for military and postal purposes, and
especially to facilitate and regulate commercial in-
tercourse among the States: Therefore be it enacted,
that a railroad may be built to form these
connections through the intervention of these
State railroad corporations. I do not intro-
duce these bills as arguments. They have not
passed, and probably never will pass, the Con-
gress of the United States. I introduce them
as illustrating the doctrine, the dangerous tend-
ency of the doctrine of tho bill which is now
before the Senate.
But, sir, the point to which I threatened to
address myself if I sufficiently recovered to
make^myself explicit was to demonstrate the
distinction between commerce external and
among the States and commerce internal and
peculiar to the State and within its jurisdiction.
If I maintain that distinction by the authorities,
I rule off this bill. Now, let us see what the
books say on that subject. The honorable Sen-
ator who champions this bill just at this time—
I do not know how many champions it has had;
I remember that on a former occasion it had
one with whom I congratulate myself that I am
not to deal now—seemed to forget altogether
that there was such a thing as internal com-
merce, seemed to forget that we had a system
of railroads in this country that was the prod-
uct of the energy and the enterprise of the peo-
ple as against the Government, for the Gov-
ernment did nothing for fifty years, while the
people, in their own power and might, exer-
cising the high functions reserved in the Con-
stitution, were building up a system of rail-
ways incomparable in the history of the world,
investing some three thousand millions of their
own money, building some thirty thousand
miles of railway, offering intercommunication
and facilities for travel and intercourse and
exchange, bringing markets home to the door
of every farmer in the land. Oblivious to all
that, the Government all this time stood afar
off and did nothing. Now, Mr. President, I
maintain that the Government has no power
to lay its hands on that commerce, no power
to lay its hands on this system of railway inter-
communication in the States. I read from
Kent's Commentaries; speaking of the com-
mercial power of the Government of the Uni-
ted States, and stating the decision in Gibbons
vs. Ogden, he says :
"This power, like all thoother powers of Congress,
was plenary and absolute within its acknowledged
limits, but it was admitted that inspection laws rel-
ative to the quality of articles to be exported, and
quarantine laws, and health laws of every descrip-
tion, and laws"—
Now I ask the honorable Senator's atten-
tion to this—
" and laws for regulating the internal commerce of
a State, and those with vespcet to turnpike roads,
ferries, &c., were component parts of an immense
mass of legislation not surrendered to the General
Government."
That is my point, and this authority is to this
effect: that although tiie power of the Gen-
eral Government is supreme in the jurisdiction
which is conceded to it, yet, says the com-
mentator, laws "regulating the internal com-
merce of a State, and those with rcspect to
turnpike roads, ferries, &c., were component
parts of an immense mass of legislation not
surrendered to the General Government."
Mr. HOWARD. "Will the honorable Sen-
ator from Maine allow me to say one word right
here?
Mr. MORRILL. Certainly.
Mr. HOWARD. I have listened to the Sen-
ator's citation from Kent, but I see nothing in
that which conflicts in the slightest degree with
the view which I took of this case. But I ask
the honorable Senator whether he finds in
Chancellor Kent, or in any other book treat-
ing of the constitutional power of Congress
over commerce, any assertion or statement of
a principle that trade, intercourse, or travel
commencing in the city of New York, passing •
through the State of New Jersey, and ending
in the city of Philadelphia, in the State of
Pennsylvania, is internal commerce. I fancy
the honorable Senator Mil hardly find any such
doctrine in Kent, or elsewhere.
Mr. MORRILL. I have been arguing since
I got up that that commerce which was among
the States was within the power of Congress;
but I am combating the doctrine that by force
of the power to regulate commerce among the
States you can enter a State and take posses-
sion of its roads. The proposition of this bill
is to authorize a road constructed by New
Jersey, entirely within its limits and jurisdic-
tion, to extend itself beyond the limits of its
charter, and outside of the limits and jurisdic-
tion of New Jersey. On that question I main-
tain the authorities are all the other way; and
the authority which I am reading recognizes
the doctrine of commerce among the States and
commerce in tho States and purely of the States,
over which Congress has no power whatever,
and the commentator specifies turnpike roads
and ferries as among the roads over which
Congress has no control. Butfurther he says:
"Tho court construed the word 'regulate' to im-
ply lull power over the thing to be regulated, and
to exclude the actions of all others that would per-
form the same operation on the same thing."
Further, and bearing on the same point, I
read from the same authority:
"Inspection laws, quarantine laws, and health laws,
as well as laws for regulating the internal commerce
of a State, are component parts of the immense mass
of residuary State legislation, and over which Con-
gress has no direct power, though it may be controlled
when it directly interferes with their acknowledged
powers."
Thus I think, Mr. President, lam maintained
by this authority in raising the distinction
which I have stated. I acknowledge the right
of Congress to regulate commerce with foreign
nations and commerce among the States; but
when it comes to the jurisdiction of the States
and undertakes to make a railroad in a State,
or control those which have been constructed
within the limits and jurisdiction of tho State,
and by its authority, its jurisdiction ceases.
Sir, this is not an open question. If there is
anything concluded, this question is concluded.
Not only has it been concluded by the general
teachings of those who made the Constitution
ofthe United States; not only has it been con-
cluded by fifty years of legislation on this sub-
ject, denying all the powers which are now
claimed to be exercised, but it has been ex-
pressly adjudicated by the courts and specific-
ally determined by the courts, that the Con-
gress of the United States has no such power.
I referred the honorable Senator, the other day,
[ to the case of the Blackbird creek. I suppose
i he has become very familiar with the report of
that case before this time. That is in the same
direction. I have now to add an_ authority
which was not at hand on that occasion, which
is explicit and specific on this very question of
the right to make railways in tho several States.
