1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIQNAL GLOBE.
415
Laws of the United States.
39th Cong. .. .1st Sbss.
uses expressed in the act of Congress entitled
"An act to incorporate Providence Hospital,
of tlie city of Washington, District of Colum-
bia," approved April eighth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-four, then the sum of thirty thou-
sand dollars shall be first paid out of the pro-
ceeds thereof into the United States Treasury
to reimburse the sum hereby appropriated.
For the "National Association for the relief
of destitute colored women and children," in-
corporated under an act of Congress approved
February fourteenth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-three, five thousand dollars, to bo ex-
pended under the direction of the officers of
the association.
To enable the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings to reimburse the corporation of Washing-
ton for expenses incurred in improving streets
and avenues passing through and by property
of the General Government, under the third
section of the act approved May fifth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four, entitled "An act to in-
corporate the inhabitants of the city of Wash-
ington, "passed May fifteenth, eighteen hundred
and twenty, forty-seven thousand two hundred
and fifty-five dollars and eighty-one cents.
congressional library.
To complete the extension of the Library of
Congress, twenty-two thousand dollars.
For furniture for the two wings of the ex-
tension of the Congressional Library, and for
sliding cases for illustrated books, ten thousand
dollars.
For an additional appropriation, to be ex-
pended under the direction of the Joint Com-
mittee on the Library, to decorate the Capitol
with such works of art as may be ordered and
approved by said committee, as provided by
act approved August eighteen, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-six, five thousand dollars.
For additional compensation of three labor-
ers employed in the Congressional Library,
commencing January one, eighteen hundred
and sixty-six, five hundred and forty dollars;
and the compensation of said laborers is hereby
fixed at seven hundred and twenty dollars per
annum.
For the purpose of erecting on the public
land adjacent to the Treasury Department,
a fire-proof brick building to afford additional
room for the Treasury Department, two hun-
dred thousand dollars: Provided, That the
Secretary of the Treasury be, and he hereby
is, authorized to remove and sell at auction or
otherwise, any portion of the presses, machin-
ery. and apparatus employed in the Treasury
buildings, which from the diminution of the
volume of business or otherwise he may from
time to time find to be no longer required.
And the legal representatives of the corpora-
tion of Washington and Georgetown, and the
portion of the county of Washington hi the
District of Columbia, not included in said cor-
porations, be. and they are hereby, directed to
provide and suitably furnish, without delay, a
suitable room for the use of the orphan's
court, and two contiguous rooms and a fire-
proof vault for the use of the register of wills
in and for said county; and for the repayment
of the expense to be incurred in executing this
order, the said corporations of Washington
and Georgetown, and the levy court of the
county of Washington, in the District of Co-
lumbia, are hereby authorized and directed to
levy and collect a suitable tax upon the prop-
erty embraced within their respective jurisdic-
tions.
general tost office building.
For completing the extension of the General
Post Office building, forty thousand dollars.
sukveyino the public r.ixns.
For surveying the public lands in Minnesota,
at rates not exceeding ten dollars per lineal
mile for standard lines, seven dollars for town-
ship, and six dollais for section lines, twenty
thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Dakota
Territory, at rates not exceeding ten dollars
per lineal mile for standard lines, seven dollars
for township, and six dollars for section lines,
fifteen thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Nebraska
Territory, at rates not exceeding ten dollars
per lineal mile for standard lines, six dollars
for township, and five dollars for section lines,
fifteen thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Kansas, at
rates not exceeding ten dollars per lineal mile
for standard lines, six dollars for township,
and five dollars for section lines, fifteen thou-
sand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Colorado
Territory, at rates not exceeding ten dollars
per lineal mile for standard lines, eight dollars
for township, and seven dollars for section
lines, fifteen thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Nevada,
at rates not exceeding fifteen dollars per lineal
mile for standard lines, twelve dollars for town-
ship. and ten dollars for section lines, fifteen
thousand dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general
of Nevada, three thousand dollars.
For compensation of the clerks in his office,
five thousand dollars.
For office rent, messenger, furniture, books,
fuel, stationery, and incidental expenses of
office, three thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in New Mex-
ico, at rates not exceeding fifteen dollars per
lineal mile for standard lines, twelve dollars
for township, and ten dollars for section lines,
five thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in California,
at rates not exceeding fifteen [dollars] per
lineal mile for standard lines, twelve dollars
for township, and ten dollars for section lines,
twenty-five thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Oregon, at
rates not exceeding fifteen dollars per lineal
[mile] for standard lines, twelve dollars for
township, and ten dollars for section lines,
fifteen thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Washing-
ton Territory, at rates not exceeding fifteen
dollars per lineal mile for standard lines, twelve
dollars for township, and ten dollars for sec-
-tion lines, ten thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Montana
Territory, at rates not exceeding fifteen dollars
per lineal mile for standard lines, ten dollars
for township, and eight dollars for section lines,
fifteen thousand dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general
of Montana, three thousand dollars.
For compensation of clerks in his office, five
thousand dollars.
For office rent, messengers, furniture, books,
fuel, stationery, and incidental expenses of
office, three thousand dollars.
For surveying Indian and other reservations,
under treaty stipulations, at not exceeding fif-
teen dollars per mile, front boundaries, at ten
dollars for township, and eight dollars per mile
for section lines, fifty thousand dollars.
expenses or collection of revenue from
sales of public lands.
For salaries and commissions of registers
of land offices and receivers of public money,
two hundred and six thousand one hundred
dollars.
For incidental expenses of the several land
offices, nineteen thousand four hundred dollars.
For necessary expenses incident to providing
accommodations for internal revenue officers
in existing United States fire-proof buildings,
wherever possible, fifteen thousand dollars.
For the purchase, inclosure, and preserva-
tion of a parcel of ground^ at Des Moines, the
capital of Iowa, as a site for the erection of a
building for the use of the Fedora! courts and
for other Federal offices, fifteen thousand dol-
lars, or so much thereof as may be necessary,
to be expended under the direction cf the Sec-
retary of the Interior.
For the Government building at Portland,
Maine, used as post office, custom-house, and
for the United States courts, lately destroyed
or rendered almost worthless by fire, to repair
or rebuild the same as may prove most advis-
able, one hundred and fifty thousand dollars,
or so much thereof as may be necessary, to be
expended under the direction of the Secretary
of the Treasury.
For this amount to be paid under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Interior, to enable
the Seminoles to occupy, restore, and improve
their farms, as per third article treaty of March
twenty-first, eighteeu hundred and sixty-six,
thirty thousand dollars.
For the purchase of agricultural implements,
seeds, corn, and other stock, as per third article
treaty of March twenty-first, eighteen hundred
and sixty-six, twenty thousand dollars.
For the erection of a mill, as perthird article
treaty of March twenty-first, eighteen hundred
and sixty-six, fifteen thousand dollars.
For interest on fifty Wiousand dollars from
the date of the ratification of the treaty, at the
rate of five per cent per annum, to be paid
annually for the support of schools, as per third
article treaty of March twenty-first, eighteen
hundred and sixty-six, forthe fiscal year ending
June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven.
For interest on twenty thousand dollars from
the date of the ratification of the treaty, at the
rate of five per centum per annum, to be paid
annually for the support of the Seminole gov-
ernment, as per third article treaty of March
twenty-first, eighteen hundred and sixty-six,
for the fiscal year ending June thirtieth, eight-
een hundred and sixty-seven.
For this amount, to be expended for sub-
sisting the Seminole Indians, as per third article
treaty of March twenty-first, eighteen hundred
and sixty-six, forty thousand three hundred and
sixty-two dollars.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, to pay the losses that may be
awarded under the provisions of article fourth
of treaty March twenty-first, eighteen hundred
and sixty-six, as per third article of said treaty,
fifty thousand dollars.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, to pay the expenses of a board
of commissioners, to be appointed by the Sec-
retary of the Interior, to investigate the losses
of the loyal Seminole Indians, as per fourth
article treaty of March twenty-first, eighteen
hundred and sixty-six, seven hundred and
twenty dollars.
For the erection of agency buildings, as per
sixth article of treaty of March twenty-first,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six, ten thousand
dollars.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, to enable the Secretary of the
Interior to cause a census of each tribe to be
taken, as per first clause seventh article treaty
of March twenty-first, eighteen hundred and
sixty-six, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For transportation of such articles as may be
purchased under the direction of the Secretary
of the Interior, for the Seminole Indians, under
treaty of March twenty-first, eighteenhundred
and sixty-six, for the fiscal year ending June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, or
so much thereof as may be necessary, twelve
thousand dollars.
For this amount to be paid per capita in
money, unless otherwise directed by the Presi-
dent, upon the ratification of the treaty, to
enable the Indians to occupy, restore, and
improve their farms; to pay the damages sus-
tained by the mission schools; and to pay the
delegates of the council as per third article
treaty of June fourteenth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-six, two hundred thousand dollars.
For interest on seven hundred and seventy-
five thousand one hundred and sixty-eight dol-
