1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1895
still I do not see it in the line of my.duty, wiile
this country is burdened with indebtedness, to
vote increased compensation without, so far as
appeals;' even a solicitation on the part of the
persons for whose benefit this bill is introduced,
and/without any explanations of the reasons
fl suppose, considering the number of pay-
masters in the Army, that this bill will take at
least $1,000,000, perhaps more, from the
Treasury. It has been intimated to me that
there is a propriety in passing this bill for
the reason that in the settlement of accounts
of paymasters small errors' may have occurred
in many instances, and that this would be an
equitable mode of adjusting these errors be-
tween the officers and the Government. Sir,
if there be any justice in that, let us treat it
as a matter of justice ; let us say that errors
made in good faith without any design of fraud,
shall be corrected for the benefit of the offi-
cers. But do not let us establish the principle
that .increased-compensation shall be given to
every personVho has performed services under
the Government during this war, when we
hardly know now in what way to meet the obli-
gations already existing against the Govern-
ment. It may be right, but so far as I now
see, I must object to the principle involved in
this bill.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I rise merely to enter
my protest against the passage of a measure
like this. The office of a paymaster was h.
volunteer office; men entered into the ser-
vice knowing what their compensation would
he. If incompetent men have sought and
obtained these offices, and have lost money by
it, they are not worse off than are gentlemen
who have sought seats in this House. Pay-
masters who were competent and who had a
right to seek this office made small fortunes
out of the office. If we are to guaranty every
incompetent officer against the errors and mis-
takes he may make we shall have a large busi-
ness on hand.
This bill not only gives to the incompetent
men indemnity against losses to the extent of
$1,000 a year, but in order to make it just and
equitable, it gives to competent men who made
small fortunes out of their office additional pay
for their competency. I concede that, if the
incompetent men are to be rewarded, certainly
those who are competent and honest should be
rewarded.
But if all the paymasters and all the quarter-
masters and every other officer and every eon-
tractor who has lost money or been unfortunate
during the war is to be indemnified against such
losses by taxing the people, all I can say is,
that the next Congress will have to provide for
us. We certainly shall not be here. The peo-
ple will not sanction any such legislation as
this. They are willing to relieve the soldier,
to equalize his bounty, to furnish him bread for
the time being till he can secure other employ-
ment. The proposition to enrich these officers
by adding to the taxation that is already grind-
ing the people so that we hear their outcries
from every quarter is a perfect outrage upon-
the common sense of this House, and the patri-
otism and endurance of the people. I shall
record my vote against the bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. It is usual to hear in ad-
vance from a committee, through its proper
organ, a statement of the reasons which have
induced the reporting of a bill of a public char-
acter; but I find that on this occasion T am
met at the threshold by gentlemen who desire
me to give way for opposition to the bill before
any explanation of its provisions.
I have but to say in reply to the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Hotchkiss,] that he is
mistaken if he supposes that there exists any
disposition on the part of the Committee on
Military iffairs, or perhaps any member of
this House, to give to the claims of officers or
any other classes of individuals a preference
over any general claim that may be urged in
behalf of the great body of the soldiers of the
country. I trust that before this session of Con-
gress shall terminate, the gentleman will be
satisfied that, so far as concerns the committee
I represent, they are disposed even to strain a
point to do all that may be needful, not only to
extend justice to the soldier, but to treat him
with liberality.
If, however, the Committee find in the course
of their investigations and in the consideration
of subjects referred to them, as this was, that
there seems to be propriety'and justice in a
measure for the relief of any particular class
of officers, I trust he will also discover that
the committee are not to he deterred from pro-
posing the proper remedy by any outcry that
we may in this way bring down upon ourselves
popular clamor.
Now, sir, what is this bill? The gentleman
on my left [Mr. Davis] speaks of it as an
unprecedented measure, a proposition which
seeks to give relief to a particular class of offi-
cers and for which there is no examjjle in any
previous legislation of the country.
Mr. DAVIS. I bog leave to say to the
gentleman that my criticism was particularly
directed against the allowance of a commis-
■ sion.
Mr. SCHENCK. So I understand. And I
reply that just such an act has been passed
after every war that wc have ever had. One
such act was passed on the 12th of August,
1848, at the close of the Mexican war. It is
so brief that, for the benefit of the gentleman
from New York, who has these doubts, I will
read the whole of it. It is entitled " An act
concerning the pay department of the Army."
Mr. HO rCIIKISS. What party was in power
when that act was passed?
Mr. SCHENCK. The Congress of the Uni-
ted States was in power—a party that I trust
may continue to be in power until all proper
and rightful legislation for the peace of the
country shall be concluded.
Mr. DEMING. 1 ask the Speaker to call the
House to order, as it is impossible for us to hear
what is going on.
The liouse was called to order, and the mem-
bers were requested to leave the aisles where
they were conversing and resume their seats.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. Was not that law passed
by the same Congress that passed the Galphin
claim?
Mr. SCIIBNCK. I know there wore a groat
many respectable men in that Congress, and
very likely I voted for the law which 1 am about
to read.
Mr. STEVENS. Let me say that in my judg-
ment there was never an lionester claim than
that Galphin claim.
Mr. SCHBNCK. I trust the gentleman from
New York is answered.
Mr. Speaker, when the gentleman interrupted
me I was about to quote the*precedents for
which the lawyers in this House clamor. This
was an act entitled "An act concerning the pay
department of the Army," approved August
VI, 1848. It is very short, and I will read it.
It is in these terms:
"That the Paymaster General be, and he is hereby,
authorized to allow any of tho paymasters of the
Army,who shall have been employed in tliepayment
of volunteers, during tho late war with Mexico,such
a commission not exceeding one half of one percent,
on all sums disbursed by them :is n foresaid, as lie sh all
deem a reason able compensation for the risk and labor
attending such service: Provided, That tho said com-
mission to any one paymaster shall not exceed ^1,000
per annum from the commencement to the close of
the war."
I give the gentleman a precedent directly in
point. It shows, in tho first place, that not
only there is a precedent for the bill, but in
the next place, that the precedent happens " to
run upon all fours." It provides for this addi-
tional compensation in the shape of commis-
sions, with a difference in which the House
will, I think, agree. _ The committee, consider-
ing tne subject carefully, doubting whether any-
thing, should be done, finally came to the con-
clusion a rule of this sort and shape was proper.
The Committee on Military Affairs was unwill-
ing to go beyond one quarter of one per cent.,
and it- has accordingly reported one quarter of
otic per cent, instead of one half of one per
cent., considering the greater sums of money
that were disbursed during the -"hole of this
war.
Mr. DAVIS. Of course I see that the pre-
cedent is with the gentleman. But I ask
whether we had not better err rather in omis-
sion than in commission, and refuse to follow
that precedent?
Mr. SCHENCK. I understand the gentle-
man surrenders his first position, that there
was no precedent.
Mr. DAVIS. I do, most certainly.
Mr. LE BLOND. I ask my colleague whether
he has made a calculation of how much money
this bill will draw from the Treasury. How
much will the amount provided for in this bill
amount to in the aggregate?
Mr. SCHENCK. I have a calculation some-
where, but I cannot now give the precise figures.
Now, sir, in regard to the' character of the
services performed by the paymasters entitling
them to this relief. The gentleman from Now
York [Mr. HotciixissJ speaks of this office of
paymaster having been much sought after. God
help the people of this country. I am afraid
there is very little in tho shape of an office that
is not sought after; but at the time these gen-
tlemen asked to be made paymasters, many of
them did not know what burdens tliey were
taking upon themselves, and I think that urgent
solicitations for offices of this kind toward the
close of the war were nothing like as frequent
as at tjie beginning. I recollect the instance
of one gentleman who was appointed a pay-
master at my request and on my recommenda-
tion. He held the office precisely till eight days
after he was ordered to duty. Seeing what it
would probably involve him in ho promptly
resigned the office and never paid a dollar.
At first a few officers undertook tcf do that
of which in its general character wo had no very
great experience. There was confusion, there
was difficulty, there was want of form, there
was want of exactness 
Mr. BEAMAN, Let me ask a question.
What is the compensation of paymasters now
under the law ? ,
Mr. SCHENCK. The same as that of a
major in the Army. 1 can give the gentleman
the exact figures. It is between two and three
thousand dollars, it depends in this, as in every
other ease, whether the paymaster remained
here in one of tho Departments instead of going
into the Held. If he went into the field it would
not amount by some seven" or eight hundred
dollars to what it would if he remained here
without these risks, paying in one of the Depart-
ments.
This, however, only reaches those who went
into active service, wliOowere engaged as di«-
bursingofficers, handled and paid out the money.
It does not reach or extend its benefits in any
way to those who were not thus actively engaged
in the proper and actual business of payment
in the Army, Therefore there is no inequity
in it.
Payments were made in the field, and on tho
march, to troops everywhere, in the front and
throughout almost the whole broad extent of
tho pay districts of the country. They were
made in most instances under the exigencies
as they arose and without forms sufficient to
instruct the paymasters and lead them to an
exact performance of their duties so as to
avoid risks. The consequence was that, so far
from making their fortunes, tliey have been loft
with stoppages against their accounts because
of informalities, to an average of $2o,000 dur-
ing the first half of the war in each case. WJict
it will be when the accounts to b,e settled dur-
ing the last half shall have been audited or
adjusted, it is difficult to tell, but probably it
will be quite as much as for the first half, so
that tho amount of stoppages and suspensions
on the average will reach $50,000, not made on
account of fraud or default, but because sol-
diers have been permitted to sign tho pay rolls
with their cross, for instance, without a witness,
in the hurry of camp duties and of the march.
These stoppages mil suspensions were made
on account of irregularities or errors, arising
out of difficulties under which these paj masters
