1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2855
I read from tlic case, Vcazie et al. vs. Moor, in
14 Howard, page 573, which was a case arising
on the internal waters of the State of Maine,
where precisely this question was raised. The
river Penobscot is a navigable river up to a
certain point, and there the navigation which
was open to the sea was obstructed by the falls
of the river. Above that for many miles it was
still navigable, an imperfect navigation. The
Legislature of the State of Maine granted the
exclusive right to navigate the river above those
falls to A, B, and C for a term of years. Those
who maintained the doctrine of the honorable
Senator from Michigan contended that the right
of Congress to regulate navigation upon that
river was exclusive, that _the State could not
interfere, and that its legislation therefore was
unconstitutional. The court of my State de-
cided that, although that river was navigable
above the falls, the navigation to the sea having
been interrupted by the falls, it became inter-
nal navigation, and the commerce upon it inter-
nal. Those who entertained different opin-
ions, opinions in harmony with those of the
honorable Senator apparently, brought the case
here. The Supreme Court of the United States
sustained the opinion of the court of my State,
saying that that navigation was internal and
within the exclusive jurisdiction of the State;
that the Government of the United States had
no control and no authority over it by virtue
of that provision of the Constitution. In set-
tling that case, in limitation of the authority
of the General Government over this question,
they touch upon this prccise point of intirfering
with the railways of the several States. They
say:
"Commerce with foreign nations must signify com-
merce which in some sense is necessarily connected
with these nations, transactions which either imme-
diately or at some stage of their progress must be
extra-territorial. The phrase can never be applied
to transactions wholly internal between citizens of
the same community or to a polity and laws whose
ends and purposes and operations are restricted to
the territory and soil and jurisdiction of such com-
munity. Nor can it be properly concluded, that
because the products of domestic enterprise in agri-
cultureor manufactures, or in the arts, may ultimately
become the subjects of foreign commerce, that the
control of the means or the encouragements by which
enterprise is fostered and protected, is legitimately
mthin the import of the phrase foreign commerce,
or fairly implied in any investiture of the power to
regulate such commerce. A pretension as far-reach-
ing as this would extend to contracts between citizen
and citizen of the same State, would control the pur-
suits of the planter, the grazier, the manufacturer,
the mechanic, the immense-operations of the collier-
ies and mines and furnaces of the country; for there
is not one of these avocations, the results of which
may not become the subjects of foreign commerce,
and be borne either by turnpikes, canals, or rail-
roads, from point to point within the several States
toward an ultimate destination like the one above
mentioned. Such a pretension would effectually pre-
vent or paralyze every effort at internal improve-
ment by the several States; for it cannot be supposed
that the States would exhaust their capital and their
credit in the construction of turnpikes, canals, and
railroads, the remuneration derivable from which,
and all control over which, might be immediately
wrested from them because such public works would
be facilities for a commerce which, while availing
itself of those facilities, was unquestionably internal,
although intermediately or ultimately it might be-
come foreign."
Here, Mr. President, you find that in set-
tling this question the Supreme Court, by way
of illustrating the importance of the principle,
and by way of combating the very doctrine
contended for in that case, say explicitly that
it would be ruinous and an unauthorized ap-
plication of the principle to say that because
the products carried over the roads might ulti-
mately reach an adjoining State or a portion
of the country, therefore the Government of
the United States might interpose for the
construction or regulation of railways within
the several States. The court continue, and I
beg the honorable Senator's attention to this
language:
" The rule here given with respcettothcregulation
of foreign couimeree eqnallyexeludes from the regu-
lation of commerce between the States and the In-
dian tribes the control over turnpikes, canals, or iail-
roads.or tke clearing and deepening of water-courses
exclusively within the States, or the managmont. of
the transportation upon and by means oi such im-
provements."
1 ask the honorable Senator from Wisconsin
whether he recognizes the soundness of that
doctrine. I understood him to say on a former
occasion that he had not any doubt of the power
of the General Government to construct rail-
roads through the several States, and also to
regulate the rates of fares and freights upon
those railways ; but the court in this case ex-
plicitly say that the power to regulate com-
merce among the States does not admit of an
interference with turnpikes, canals, or .rail-
roads in the several States.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Maine
lias been pressed into making an argument here
when he was not expecting it, and as it is de-
sirable that we should transact some executive
business I move that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of executive business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Maine give way to the motion of
the Senator from Iowa?
Mr. MORRILL. Yes, sir.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the Senate will
come to a vote on this bill. I have been trying
now for two entire sessions to get a vote upon
the question. We are ready to take a vote, and
I hope the Senate will grant me a short time to
come to a vote. All I ask is a vote. The Sen-
ator from Maine pledged me that he would not
speak against time, and that he would not speak
over thirty minutes; and as the time that the
Senator from Maine took for himself is nearly
up, I will ask the Senate not to go into execu-
tive session, but to give me a vote on this bill
that I have been trying now for more than two
years to get a vote upon.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Iowa.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes 17, noes 12.
PENSION LAWS.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. Before the executive
session I hope I shall be indulged in submit-
ting the usual motion for the appointment of a
committee of conference on the amendments
of the Senate to the bill (,H. R. No. 3G3) supple-
mentary to the several acts relating to pensions
disagreed to by tlie House of Representatives.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
can only entertain the motion by unanimous
consent. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I now move that the
Senate insist upon its amendments to the bill
disagreed to by the House of Representatives,
and agree to the conference asked by the House
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon, and that the conferees on the part of
the Senate be appointed by the President pro
tempore.
The motion was agreed to; and the President
pro tempore appointed Mr. Laxe of Indiana,
Mr. Van Winkle, and Mr. Davis the commit-
tee on the part of the Senate.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The bill (IT. R. No. G02) to equalize the
bounties of soldiers, sailors, and marines who
served in the late war for the Union was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee oil Military Affairs and the Militia.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 143) making
an appropriation for the repair of the Potomac
bridge was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
THE STAUNTON PETITION.
Mr. WILSON. It will be remembered that
a few days since the Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Trumbull] called the attention of the
Senate to the case of some petitions from Vir-
ginia, and in the debate on that subject the
name of Mr. Segar was used. I have since
received a letter from him which he requests
may be read to the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It can
only be received and read by unanimous con-
sent. No objection being made, the reading
will be proceeded with.
The Secretary read the letter, as follows:
Ebejtt House, May 27,18G6.
My Dear Sib: In reply to certain allegations
of a Staunton (Virginia) correspondent of Senator
Trumbull. connecting me with some attempt to per-
secute tne Union men of Augusta county, I beg leave
to make the following statement:
Some two weeks since, 1 received from Nicholas K.
Trout, Esq., of Staunton, a member ot the State Sen-
ate, and whom I had never known but as an earnest
Union man, a letter addressed to me as Senator-elect
of my State, and requesting me to see Judge Under-
wood and procure, if I had the iniluence, the ap-
pointment of Mr. Harvey Risk as commissioner un-
der the civil rights law for the Valley region of tho
State, he being represented to mo as a gentleman of
character and capacity whohadbeen amemberoftho
freedmen's court, and who had in that capacity given
satisfaction to the community, white and black.
This part of the commission I duly executed.
In the succeeding portion of Mr. Trout's letter he
stated that a petition purporting to have come from
Staunton had been presented to the Senate and re-
ferred to the Military Committee which (he said) ex-
hibited the people of Augusta county in a light they
did not deserve, and that he desired information of
the termsof the petition and of the signatures thereto,
more especially ashehadnotbeen able, after inquiry,
to find a single person in Staunton who had signed
the petition. •
Regarding myself practically as a representative
of the people ot my State, and every day while in tho
city attending to their business in the several De-
partments, though denied thu3 far the honor of an
actual seat in theSenatc, I went to yourself as chair-
man of the Military Committee, briefly stated the
case, and asked to be allowed a copy of the petition-,
to which you readily assented, and sent a messenger
with mc to your coinmittee-room for the copy.
I copied the petition myself, not wishing to troublo
the clerk, and inclosed a copy by the first mail to
Mr. Trout.
This is the whole of my connection with this affair.
I did nothing more than discharge a representative
duty, furnish a copy of a public document, for what
object to be used could be known only to those seek-
ing it, and not knowing myself personally nor having
ever seen a single signer of the petition.
Tho idea that I could enterinto any scheme to per-
secute Union men anywhere is simply preposterous
and ridiculous, for I do not suppose there is a singls
man in alt the South who has come in for so large a
share of rebel persecution and obloquy as myself.
Very respectfully and truly yours,
JOSEPH SEGAR.
Hon. Henry Wilson, Senate United States.
Mr. CONNESS. In connection with this
subject I desire to say that I had a Richmond
paper on my desk a few days past, which I
have sought to obtain again, but do not find,
which contained an article directly connected
with this subject. It consisted of a brutal
attack upon the Union men of Virginia, the
Union men who were Virginians residing now
within Virginia: and the article appeared to
have been instigated by this petition sent
from Staunton to Congress asking for protec-
j tion. I think the article had an indicative
heading such as "cowards and recreants,'' or
something to that effect. It denounced those
men as cowards and recreants, and warned
them to leave the State; plainly told them they
would not be permitted to stay there, and that
they had better get ready to go as soon as the
blue coats should leave, meaning the soldiers
of the United States who were then left in the
State of Virginia. There is no doubt in the
world that there is a settled purpose there to
drive from the State of Virginia the loyal Vir-
ginians who are now living there. I have now
in my possession a copy of the Richmond Ex-
aminer, I think, in which the grand jurors who
recently sat at Norfolk and indicted Mr. Davis
for tlie crime of treason are taken up, one by
one. and discussed and denounced, threatened,
attacked in the most bitter manner, their lives
misrepresented, their characters misrepre-
sented, and Virginians warned not to associate
with them nor to have contact with them and
not to deal'with those of them who are in busi-
ness. In that connection the gentleman now
holding the office of collector of the port of
Richmond was denounced because two persons
in his employ were summoned as witnesses or
jurors—I forget now which—which witnesses
or jurors were soldier3"in the Union Army, and
one at least of whom was imprisoned in the
rebel prisons eight months. The collector is
denounced in this paper because ho darts to
keep in his employment two loyal soldiers who
have given themselves to the Union cause.
I feel that as attention has now again been
directed to this case, the matter should not,
pass without adding this statement, calling the
attention of the Senate and the country again
to the deliberate purpose of the rebels, led on
and egged on by the rebel press of Virginia,
to drive from their midst every loyal man in
