1800.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-831
Michigan, in ^said State, was resumed as in
Committee of the Whole.
k provides for grunting to the State of Wis-
conun, lor tho purpose of aiding that State in
conbtruciing and completing a btcakwa'.er and
harbor and .ship-canal to connect the waters of
Green bay with the waters of Lake Michigan,
two hundred thousand acres of public lands,
to be selected in subdivisions agreeably to the
United Slates oarvey, by an agent or agents
appointed by the Governor of tho State, sub-
je.;i 10 the approval of the Secretary of the In-
tel lor, fi om hinds subject topii\ at«- euhy. 'L'he
,s^icetion->> are to be made from ^cc'don - of land
nearest the location of the harbor and canal
not uthorwi.-.e appropriated, and not fro in lands
dc.signa.ied by ihe Lmtod States as mineral"
nor iVum lands to which the rights of preemp-
tion or homestead have attached. TJie lands
granted are to be subject to the disposal of the
Legislature of the Suite, or. if the Legislature
shall not be in session, or «hall adjourn within
ten d lys after the passage and approval of the
act, they are to be subject to the disposal of
the Governor and board of commissioners of
school, university, and swamp lands of the
Stale, l'he canal is to be and remain a pub-
lie highway for the use of the Government of
the Lnued States, free from toil or charge upon
the ve<s<'ls of the Govern meat or upon vessels,
employed by iL in ihe transportation of any
property or troops of ihe United States.
Before it shall be compcieiu lor the State to
dispose of any of the lands, the plan of the
breakwater and harbor ami the route of the
canal shall be established, and a plat or plats
thereof hied in the office of the \\'ar Depart-
ment, and a duplicate tiled in The ohice of ihe
Commissioner of the General Land Oiiicc. Ef
the breakuater. harbor, and canal, shall not
be completed wiihin tlvee years from the pas-
su go of the act ihe landb granted and remain-
ing unsold are to revert to the United States.
The Legislature of the Sta:e is to cause 10
he kept an accurate account of ihe ^ales and
nei proceeds of the land.-, granted, and of all
expenditures in the construction, repairs, and
operating of ihe canal, and of it-' earning-', and
to return a htutcmonl of the same annttailv to
the S 'crernrv of the interior. Whenever the
Sia<e <-h;ul be fitly reimbursed for all advances
m id" for 1 lie construction, repairs, and oper-
ating of the canal, with legal interest on all
ad\anee> uniil the reimbursement of ihe .--aine,
or upon payment by the United States of any
balance of such advances over such receipts
from the lands and canal, wiih interest, the
Stat« is to be allowed fo tax for the use_of the
canal only such tolls as shall be sniheient to
pay all necessary expenses for the care, charge,
and repair of the same.
The first amendment of the Committee on
Public Lands was in section one, line twelve,
after the words "made from" to insert "alter-
nate and odd-numbered,'* so as to read, "that
said ,-elections shall be made from alternate
and odd-numbered sections of laud nearest the
location of said harbor," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add at the end
of the bill, as section six, the following:
S^c. '3. An<!bcitfurther eaactnl^Thai saubhip-canal
shall be at ica.-l one hundred foot in wiulii, with u.
depth oi' water not than thirteen Lei.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mi-. FESSENDEN. I should like to know
soniediing about the bill. Whore doe^ it come
from, ami what are the peculiar reasons for
making a grunt of land to a >Ui'.e lor the pur-
pose of building a canal and breakwater? It
seems to lie rather a new thing.
-Mr. HOWE, No, Mr. President, it is not
a new thin;/, uot a new i hi re/ cither to the Senate
orto Congress. A bill passed this body making
an appropriation of land for this identical work
at the last session, and during the last, session
another bill pas,,ed making a giant ol lauds to
the State ot Michigan for precisely such a work
at the Portage near Lake Superior. Sturgeon
bay, which makes out of Green bay, at its
head comes within about a inile and a quarter
| oi Lake Michigan. A cut of a mile and a qtiar-
j ter in length will enable vessels to pass- from
| the waters of Green bay to lake Michigan, and
i it will save to the commerce between those two
i sheets of water a distance of about one hundred
| miles. Besides that, it will make a harbor of
1 relugo for all the commerce on the lake and
| the bay both, where such a harbor is very much '
: needed, at a point where there is not a harbor
' within eighty or ninety miles. "The Commit-
tee on Public Lands have unanimously recom-
; mended this measure at this session as they did
: the last session, and the Senate then agreed to
it. it did not, however, get through the other
[ House, but both Houses of Congress agreed to
1 just such a grant for ju11 such a work in the
I State of Michigan. The committee were entirely
j satisfied of the importance of this woik and the
I propriety of it, and the bill appropriates land
I and not money, and it requires the work to be
| completed within three years, 1 t appropriates
; land which you have, instead of money which
! you have not. Land we have and can spare;
| money we are a little short of. It effects the
j doubie purpose of building a canal between these
; two sheets of water and furnishing a harbor.
| 'The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
I ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
i 'l'he bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading ; was read the third time, and passed,
nousi: mu.s KEt'cnur.i).
The joint resolution i ll. R. No. ~>1) author-
izing the Secretaries of V\ ai and Nuv} to place
hulks and vessels at the disposal of commis-
sioners of quarantine or other proper author-
ities at poits of the United States, was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
The joint resolution (II. It. No. GG) relative
to the courts and post office of New Wk city,
was read twice liy its title, and referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post lloads.
J A ?
Vi'. NF.TIIAWAY.
Mr. HARRIS. j move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No. 115.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. lift) for the relief of Jane W. Nethaway
was read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
It directs the Seeretaiy of the Interior to
place upon the pension tolls the name of Jane
W. Nethaway, of thctov.n of Ohio, county of
Herkimer, and State of New York, widow of
David Nethaway, late of the eighty-first regi-
ment New York volunteers; the pension to
begin on the 2!'th day of Septemper, 18G1, and
to continue during her widowhood, at ihe rate
allowed by law to the widow of a first lieuten-
ant. It also proposes to direct the proper ac-
counting officers of the Treasury to settle and
adjust the accounts of David Nethaway. late of
the eighty-first regiment New York volunteers,
as a second lieutenant, from June 3, 1804, to
Aucrust 11, 1801, inclusive, and as a first lieu-
tenant from August 12, 1801, to September 29,
1801, inclusive.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
APi'OHTlO-N'MSYr OF FJIPilESr.NTATION.
The PKESIDKNT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour havingexpired.it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday, which is ihe joint resolution |H.
H. No. 1 i proposing to amend the Constitu-
tion of the United States, upon which the Sena-
tor from Missouri is entitled to the floor, l'he
Chair would correct an error into which he fell
yesterday in deciding that the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
St'MXEU.] at the time he proposed it, was not in
order. In the opinion of the Chair, on consid-
eration, it was in order; and that is the pending
question.
Mr. HENDERSON resumed and concluded
the speech which he began yesterday, [it will
be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. WILLIAMS obtained the floor.
Mr. I'OMEROY. Willi the consent of the
Senator from Oregon, I move that the further
consideration of this subject be postponed until
to-morrow.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us go into executive
session.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope not. We never
shall get through at this rate. Two or three
days of this week have been spent already. If
my friend from Oregon would rather speak itt
the morning; the Senator from New Hampshire,
[Mr. Clav.k,] who rose at the same moment, is
perfectly read) to go on this evening. If my
friend from Oregon will give way, or prefers
speaking in the morning, the Senator from New
Hampshire will go on now. It is of no sort of
ive to keep going on in this way.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am willing to give way
to the Senator from New Hampshire to go on
this afternoon.
Mr. POMEKOY. 'Then I withdraw the
motion.
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President, we are now con-
sidering (for that is the real question) whether we
hhall recommend to the States of the Union an
amendment of the Constitution granting to all
the- peopleofthis country, both white and black,
the right of suffrage: and as I state this ques-
tion to the Senatc>, I cannot help recurring to
what occurred in ihe Senate of the United States
about six years ago. As ihe traveler who has
passed a difficult road, when he comes to some
high hill looks back to see thedifficulties which
he lias passed, 1 turn back, and I ask the Sen-
ate to turn back, to consider what occurred, as
I say, about six years ago.
In the session of fS&'J-GO, in the old Senate
Chamber, a bill was brought into the Senate oi
the United States by the then Senator from Mis-
sissippi, (Mr. Brown.) who was chairman of the
Committee on the District of Columbia, a place
v, 1 iich my fiiend from Maine [Mr. Moiuullj now
so worthily litis—a bill in aid of the education
of the children of this District. The bill pro-
posed to grant certain fines and forfeitures to
the use of the schools, and also proposed to tax
the people ten cents on every hundred dollars
of the property in this District for the purpose
of educating tiie children. That bill proposed
to tax the white man and the black man alike,
ami fearing that ill--" property of the black man
would be taxed to educate the child of the white
man I pioposed an amendment to the bill that
tho tax collected from the black man should go
to educate the black man's child. There was
af-o a further provision of the bill that if the
District raised a certain amount of money for
the education of the children the Government
of the United States would appropriate a like
amount from the Treasury, if, for instance,
yon raised Sio. i i(J0 by taxes on the people i n the
District, the Government should pay £?:! '.(>00
more to be added to it for the education of the
children of the District. I moved the amend-
ment that no child whose father paid any por-
tion of that tax for the education of the chil-
dren should be excluded from the benefit of it,
be he white or black: but that there might bo
no inconvenience felt I agreed to an amendment
that tho black child should not be put into the
same school with the white child, but that they
should be educated in different schools to be
provided for them; but if the black man paid
for educating the children of the District his
child should be educated. There was at once
an outerv. Why, this is social equality of the
two race's, this is' political equality and they
would not consent, that the black child should
be educated, even with tho money of the black
father.
That amendment, was declared to be carried
in the Senate of tho United States, and after
declaring it was carried the Senate adjourned,
and after the adjournment the chairman of that
committee, Mr. Drown, appealed to me person-
ally if I would not withdraw it. I said to him
" No, 1 would never withdraw it; if you tax the
black man, the black man should have a part
of the money that you raise from him to edu-
cate his child.1' . ,
After some davs the bid came up again m
the Senate of the United States, and the Sen-
