THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
£tar froift Mississippi, the chairman of the
Com'iaitfcee on the District of Columbia, got
ih> and in opto Senate appealed to me, "Will
the Seaatpi from New Hampshire withdraw
that amendment ?'f '1 Never, Mr. President.''
"Then'," said the Senator from. Mississippi,
"(I-will lay the bill aside, and will not ask the
Senate tQ pass it;" and so the whole scheme
failed, because they would not consent that the
mroney of the black man should educate his
own child, and they could not vote it to educato
a;White child.
' Ndw I turn back to that time six years ago,
and X mark the road that we have come along.
I mark where we struck the chains from the
black man in this same District, whose child
you could not educate six years ago. I mark
in this Senate, at this very session, that we have
passed a bill in aid of the Freedmen's Bureau
,to secure to him his rights in this District. I
mark that all through this nation we have
stricken off the chains of the slave and secured
to the slave his rights elsewhere in the Union;
and we have now come to the height of the hill
and are considering whether we will not enfran-
chise those very black men through all the
country.
Mr. President, when that bill, to. which I have
referred, was pending in the Senate of the Uni-
ted States, Mr. Mason, then a Senator from
Virginia, who occupied relatively the same
position in the old Chamber that my friend
from New York [Mr. Harms] occupies here,
got up and stated unblushingly and openly in
the Senate of the United States—I think my
friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] will
remember it—that it always had been the pol-
icy of the State of Virginia, his " honored
State," to keep the negro in ignorance. I
read his words:
" Mr. Mason. I say that it is the established policy,
and has been probably for a century—I do not know
howlongatime—of my own State, and X think equally
soof the State of Maryland, the adjoining State, and,
Bof'araslaminformed.ofthelegislatidiiofall theslave
States, to prohibit the education of the negro race, and
in my judgment a wise policy, an expedient and a just
one. 1 am notgoing into the reasons for the policy , for
that does not.beeomemehere. But such is the policy;
and in my opinion the proper and wise administra-
tion of the affairs of tho Districtol' Columbia requires
our legislation hero to conform to the poficy of the
adjoining State? in reference to this population, bond
or free.''—Coiiffregiiomtl Globe, Thirty-tiixth Congress,
first session, p. 1080.
Now, Mr. President, let me draw the con-
trast. Where is that Senator from Virginia ?
An outcast in a foreign land. Where is that
Senator from Mississippi ? A rebel in his own
laud. We propose to elevate the freedmen to
all the dignities and privileges of a citizen, and
to make him the equal of other men in regard
to political privileges. Verily, Mr. President,
the balances of Cod are just and true, and
they need no sealer of weights and measures
to test the allotments of divine compensation
and retribution.
Air. President, I am not one of those who
believe or assent to the declaration that this is
the Government of the white man, and then
offer it as an excuse for neglecting or ostraciz-
ing the black man; but 1 hold it to be the Gov-
ernment of all men, and for all men and all
classes of men. It is its crowning glory that,
no citizen or person living under it is so high
or so powerful that he can "refuse or deny its
obligation ; and none so low that its protection
cannot reach him. Its great strength is in the
universality of its principles, and its chief dan-
ger in attempts to narrow, contract, crib, and
confine their application.
Whence comes this idea, Mr. President, that
this is the white man's Government ? Its
founders did hot so make it. They laid its
foundations upon the rights of man—not of
white men, or black men, but all men ; and it
was the sad, the wretched mistake we made
in denying the application of this principle to
the black man which has devastated the land
with civil war and deluged it in blood; and
every battle-field, and every soldier's grave, and
every wound, and every drop of blood shed, and
every twinge of pain and anguish therefor and
thereby, is but tho declaration of Omnipotence
that these men have rights which this Govern-
ment must respect.
Mr. President, the question of the negro has
troubled the nation long. His condition as a
slave troubled you; and his condition as afreed-
man. troubles you. Are you sick, heart-sick of
this trouble ? And do you inquire, when will it
end ? I will tell you. When you have given him
equalrights, equal privileges, and equal security
with other citizens; when you have opened the
way for him to be a man. Then will you have
rendered exact justice which can alone insure
stability and content.
Sir, if I ever did hold that this Government
was made or belonged exclusively to the white
man, 1 should now be ashamed to avow it, or
to claim for it so narrow an application. The
black man has made too many sacrifices to pre-
serve it, and endangered his life too often in its
defense to be excluded from it. The common
sentiment of gratitude should open its doors to
him, if not political justice and equality.
Mr. President, my house once took fire in the
night time; my two little boys were asleep in
it, when I and their mother were away. The
neighbors rushed into it, saved the children,
and extinguished the flames. When I reached
it, breathless and exhausted, the first exclama-
tion was, "Your children are safe." Can you
tell me how mean a man I should have been,
and what execration I should have deserved, if
the next time those neighbors came to my house
I had kicked them out of it? Tell me then, I
pray you, why two hundred thousand black
men, most of whom volunteered to fight your
battles, who rushed in to save the burning house
of your Government, should not be permitted
to participate in that Government which they
helped to preserve? When you enlisted and
mustered these men, when your Adjutant Gen-
eral went South and gathered them to the re-
cruiting office, and persuaded them to join your
ranks, did he, or any one, tell them this was
the white man's Government? When they came
to the rendezvous did you point to the sign over
the door, 8©31" Black men wanted to defend
the white man's Government?" When you put
upon them the uniform of the United States did
you say, "Don't disgrace it; this is the white
man's Government?" When they toiled on the
march, in the mud, the rain, and the snow, and
when they fell out of the ranks from sheer
weariness, did you cheer them on with the en-
couragement "that this is the white man's Gov-
ernment?''
When they stood on picket on the cold, stormy
night to guard you against surprise, did you
creep up and warm their congealing blood with
an infusion of the white man's Government?
When, with a wild hurrah, on the "double
quick," they rushed upon the enemy's guns, and
bore your Hag where men fell fastest and war
made its wildest havoc, where explosion after
explosion sent their mangled bodies and sev-
ered limbs flying through the air, and they fell
on glacis, ditch, and scarp and counterscarp,
did you caution them against such bravery, and
remind them that "this was the white man's
Government?" And when the struggle was
over, and many had fought'' their last battle,''
and you gathored the dead for burial, did you
exclaim, "Poor fools! how cheated! this is
the white man's Government?" No, no, sir;
you beckoned them 011 by the guerdon of free-
dom. the blessings of an equal and just Govern-
ment, and a "good time coming."
And can you now deny it to them?
Do you say they have that freedom ? Slavery
is abolished. True; but what is that freedom
worth which they have no means to maintain,
and which depends upon the uncertain and
undefined protection of another?
"White man's Government," do you say?
Go to Fort Pillow; stand upon its ramparts and
in its trenches, and recall the horrid butchery
of the black man there because he had joined
you against rebellion, and then say, if you will,
"This is the white man's Government."
Go to Wagner. Follow, in the track of the
Massachusetts fifty-fourth, as they went to the
terrible assault, with the guns flashing and roar-
ing in the darkness. Mark how unflinchingly
they received the pelting iron hail into their
bosoms, and how they breasted the foe! See
how nobly they supported, and how heroically
they fell with their devoted leader; count the
dead; pick up the severed limbs; number the
wounds; measure the blood spilled; and re-
member why and wherefore and in whose cause
the negro thus fought and suffered, and then
say, if you can, "This is the white man's Gov-
ernment. ''
Go to Port Hudson, go to Richmond, go to
Petersburg, go anywhere and everywhere, to
every battle-field where the negro fought, where
danger was greatest and death surest, and tell
me, if you can, "that this is the white man's
Government."
And then go to Salisbury and Columbia
and Andersonville, and as you shudder at the
ineffable miseries of those dens, and think of
those who ran the dead-line, and were not
shot, but escaped to the woods and were con-
cealed and fed and piloted by the black men,
and never once betrayed, but often enabled to
escape and return to their friends; and then
tellme if " this is a white man's Government."
Then, sir, follow one of these exchanged
prisoners to his home. See how lovingly the
mother clasps the emaciated form of her " dar-
ling soldier boy " in her arms; how carefully
she feeds and nurses him, how gently she tends
him, how constantly she watches over him, und
as she bends her ear to hear him tell how the
black man saved him, whisper in the other ear,
"This is tlie white man's Government."
Ay, sir, go to the grave of one of these de-
voted black men, where they lie all along the
march of your armies, and upon every battle-
field and rampart, and, remembering there
by what fiery trials and struggles this nation
has been saved, think of him who sleeps be-
neath your feet, and how and why he died, and
then give thanks to God that you are not like
other men, especially this poor negro, and that
the "white man's Government" has been pre-
served.
Oh, what a cruel mockery to say to such men,
as did the Senator from Pennsylvania, that " a
right to vole was but a chance to get their heads
broke in contact with a superior race." When
these men went forth to fight did that Senator
think of broken heads, or is it a new solicitude,
born only when they ask to be acknowledged
as citizens of a common country to which they
have devoted their lives ? •
Galileo, to borrow an illustration used by
the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Howe,]
asserted, in spite of the Inquisition, "that the
earth did move ;" but, ah me! Mr. President,
it seems sometimes to go backward.
In ancicnt Rome, when one not a citizen de-
served well of the republic, he was rewarded
by the rights of citizenship, but we deny them,
and here in America—not in the confederate
States of America, where, attempting to found
a government upon slavery and the subjection
of one race to another, it would have been fit-
ting, if anywhere, but in tho United States of
America, the cardinal principle of whose Gov-
ernment is the equality of all men. After these
black men have so nobly fought to maintain the
one and overthrow the other, when they ask ns
for the necessary right of suffrage to protect
, themselves against the rebels they have fought,
j and with whom they are compelled to live, we
| coolly reply, "This is the white man's Govern-
ment.'' Nay, more, and worse, we have refused
it to them, and allowed it to their and our worst
enemies, the rebels. Sir, from the dim and
shadowy aisles of the past, there comes a cry
of "Shame! shame!" and pagan Rome re-
bukes Christian America.
But not chiefly, Mr. President, do I advocate
this right of the black man to vote because he
has fought the battles of the Republic and
helped to preserve the Union, but because
he is a citizen and a man, one of the people,
I one of the governed, upon whose consent, if
J the Declaration of Independence is correct, the
' just powers of the Government rest; an intel-
ligent being, of whom and for whom God will
