3816
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
cases dr&w-bridges are absolutely necessary,
and I would indicate the one at Winona as
being of that character, there being no bluff
at the river bank.
I have not seen any of this outside influence
that has been referred to. I never heard an
argument -before the committee, although I
have been attending there for the last six
weeks pretty regularly. But now, after there
have been intimations made of parties in inter-
est in regard to these measures, I will say that
when I hear gentlemen on this floor day by
day undertaking to press measures of inter-
est to private corporations or individuals, and
when 1 hear cries against monopolies, it occurs
to me with great force to ask the question of
this House, are we not becoming the great
monopoly of the country? Are we not monop-
olizing all the legislation of the States? Are
we not undertaking to interfere with matters
that might much better be referred to the rep-
resentatives of the States who are prepared to
act upon information of their own, and who
have more time to deliberate than we have
upon such subjects?
Do we not hear it here every day that even'
the committees have not had that opportunity
for investigation that they ought to have? But
when a bill is brought before the House under
the spur of the previous question, we find the
time farmed out, five minutes here and ten
minutes there, for the discussion of questions
of the most vital interest to the country. That
was the ease the other day in regard to the
telegraph bill, and the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Washburxe] was then loud in his oppo-
sition to monopoly; and I have also heard him
equally loud in his opposition to all railroad
monopolies, not only railroads in Illinois, but
in other parts of the country. Now, I think
it is time that he and others should come to
understand that the Cnrgress of the United
States is becoming the great monopoly of this
country, and is undertaking to regulate all
matters relating to the States as well as to
the United States. If I had had time to inves-'
tigate this matter, I should have been able to
take a position upon this question. But in
consequence of the anomalous action of the
Committee of the Post Office and Post Roads,
in referring this matter to the House without
recommendation, I felt it necessary, being a
member of that committee, to make this state-
ment to the House as due to myself personally.
Mr. ALLEY. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Wasijburxe] has occupied his thirty min-
utes chiefly in talking about matters that it
seems to me have little relevancy to the ques-
tion immediately before the House, which is,
whether the House will vote in favor of making
Clinton bridge a post route or not. He has
talked a great deal about the Rock Island bridge.
I have always believed that the Rock Island
bridge was badly constructed, was badly situ-
ated. And if that question was before the House
to-day it would not receive my vote. But it
has no parallel in any respect with the one in-
volved in the question before the House. The
Clinton bridge bears no sort of comparison with
the Rock Island bridge in its position, or in its
structure, or in many other important particu-
lars. It wi 11 be recoi lected that the House voted
the other day to alter the Rock Island bridge*
and change its location, for reasons which I will
not stop to relate. But it is not true, as the
gentleman states, that there have been so many
accidents and so much property destroyed even
at that Iiock Island bridge. His statements
are gross exaggerations, so far as my informa-
tion extends, even with regard to that bridge.
But there is no use in washing the time of the
House upon that point, for it has nothing to do
with the question before the House.
But allow me to say in regard to this Clin-
ton bridge and the amount of property de-
stroyed in consequence of it, that it has been in
operation eighteen months and but two acci-
dents have occurred, one entirely immaterial, by
striking the bridge on going through by a boat,
and injuring its guard a little, which did not
detain it a single hour, and which did not sub-
ject it, I suppose, to an expense of fifty dol-
lars. The other accident was tlie sinking of
a barge, which was the result, according to the
testimony, of the grossest carelessness, if not
of design. Some charge upon the parties a
design to sink the barge. It certainly was an
exhibition of the grossest carelessness. Now,
in regard to the letter presented by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Moorhead,] al-
low me to say those statements must be incor-
rect, for they are the statements of an inter-
ested party, a party strongly interested against
the bridge. The sworn testimony before the
committee was that the draw was one hundred
and twenty feet in the clear, while the party
whose statements have been read say that it is
but one hundred and sixteen feet.-
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Alley] if he
intends to give my colleague [Mr. Hobbard]
an opportunity to be heard upon this subject.
Mr. ALLEY. I cannot at this stage.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. It was positively prom-
ised him.
Mr. ALLEY. I told the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Hotchkiss] that I should give
my colleague upon the committee [Mr. Hub-
bard, of New York] an opportunity to speak
if he desired and I possibly could ; and I pur-
pose to do it. But I did not say when I would
give it to him. If the gentleman wanted five
minutes to speak I certainly should gi^ it to
him; but he has not asked it for himself.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. After I requested some
time for my colleague, a half an hour's time
was given to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Washburxe.]
Mr. ALLEY. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman
from Illinois has stated that innumerable acci-
dents have occurred at this bridge, and that
the testimony so showed. Sir, this is not the
fact. The testimony before the committee
showed that there had been but two accidents
there—one of the most trifling character, and
the other, as I before stated, the result of the
grossest carelessness.
Now, sir, the gentleman says that he is in
favor of bridging the Mississippi; he admits
that the necessities of the country require it;
but he says that he cannot see how I, a Rep-
resentative from Massachusetts, can answer to
my constituents for advocating and supporting
this bill. Mr. Speaker, I consider that my con-
stituents are interested in the passage of this
measure, as every member here and the con-
stituents of every member are. I believe that
these increased facilities for railroad commu-
nication will give us at the East cheaper food.
I believe that this measure will benefit us very
much indeed; but I admit that it will benefit
the people of the Northwest in a much greater
degree. In this respect I concur with the gen-
tleman from Illinois.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Illi-
nois has admitted that he is in favor of these
bridges as they are reported by the committee
in this bill. As I stated when I was previously
on the floor, the only difference in the case of
this bridge is that the draw is one hundred and
twenty feet in the clear, which is a sufficient
width, in the judgment both of the committee
and of all the parties who came before us, oxcept
parties directly interested. They said that the
draw should be one hundred and sixty feet
wide, and that even this width would be insuf-
ficient. Now, sir, in view of the testimony and
the facts of the case, these parties are obliged
to concede that these draws one hundred and
sixty feet wide will not materially obstruct the
navigation of the river. They therefore have
given up that point, and are willing now that
this bill shall pass. Even the gentleman from
Illinois has declared his purpose to vote for
the bill if we would strike out the provision
with reference to the Clinton bridge. Now,
Mr. Speaker, I believe, as I before stated, that
there can be adduced in opposition to the Clin-
ton bridge no objection that will not apply with
equal force to these seven or eight other bridges,
if you view the ease in all its bearings. The
position of this Clinton bridge upon the river
is such that, considering all its advantages and
disadvantages, the committee were clear in the
opinion that this bridge is not so much an ob-
struction as the others. They had great doubts
in reference to the others, and they instructed
me to report the general bill without a recom-
mendation, while they have instructed me to
report this bill with a recommendation that it
pass. While some members of the committee
saw grave objections to the other bridges, they
did nat see any objections to this. The gen-
tleman from Illinois, however, discovers serious
objections which none others can discover.
Now, Mr. Speaker, after the committee had
occupied weeks in the investigation of this
whole matter—after they had listened to all the
parties in interest, and in fact all who dasired
to be heard, including people from the North-
west and elsewhere—the committee were (with
tho exception of one member situated some-
what like the gentleman from Illinois) unani-
mous in their deliberate conclusion that no
well-founded objection can be urged against
this bridge, and they instructed me so to re-
port. Under these circumstances it seems to
me fair to presume that the gentleman from
Illinois may be a little biased by the wishes of
his constituents, by the wishes of those gentle-
men in the city of Galena who are largely in-
terested in navigation, who own largely of stock
in boats, and whose business they fear may be
somewhat interfered with by this measure. The
gentleman has quoted here testimony which
was adduced before the committee. He has
introduced the petition of pilots, navigators,
and stockholders interested in boating upon
that river, and with a great flourish of trumpets
he exhibits that as the voice of the people of
the West. Now, Mr. Speaker, is there a man
on this floor green enough to suppose that the
pilots upon that river and the large owners
of boats navigating the river are not opposed
to these bridges which will give the people
greater facilities for getting their corn and
beef and pork and all their other products to
the sea-coast by railroad just as cheaply to many
points as by transporting them down the river?
Does not the history of the world show that at
all times when particular interests are imperiled
people concerned in those interests rise up and
cry out "monopoly?"
Mr. HOGAN. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts allow me to ask him a single
question?
Mr. ALLEY. Certainly.
Mr. HOGAN. Does thegentleman mean to
say that railroads carry freights as cheaply as
they are carried on the rivers? I so understood
liim; I understood him to say that they can
get freight carried as cheaply by railroad as
by the river. Does he not know that it costs
twice as much by railroad as by the river ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Does the gentleman
from Missouri hold that freight cannot be car-
ried cheaper to the East by railroad than to
take it down the river and all the way around
by water?
Mr. HOGAN. It can be taken by water at
one half the price.
Mr. ALLEY. The gentleman from Missouri
asks me whether they can get their produce
transported as cheaply by railroad as by water.
They cannot to some points, but they can to
New York and to the great markets of the East
as cheaply as by the river. That is all I meant
to say.
Mr. Speaker, the point is this, and only this,
that these parties who appeared before the
committee in opposition to bridging the Mis-
sissippi river were parties in interest. All the
people who presented themselves there had
direct interest against the erection of these
bridges. I do not mention this in disparage-
ment of these gentlemen or their judgment in
reference to this matter, but only to show the
simple fact that they were interested; that the
House may attach only the importance to the
testimony that such facts warrant.
Now, this opposition is no new thing. It
has always been so all the world over. Macau-
lay tells us that in 1669, when they proposed to
