1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28ST
diana has got through, I will renew the motion
that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am not through.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope the Senator will
let us know when he gets through, so that I
may make the motion before anybody else gets
the floor.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am very, anxious, for
one, that this session of the Senate shall ap-
proach its close. I do not want to sit here all
summer. I appeal to Senators that we go on
with the business, transact it, get done, and go
home.
Mr. TRUMBULL. "What jpeasure have you
to bring forward?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have no measure of
my own to bring forward especially, but I am
ready to assist any other Senator that has a
measure to bring it to a wholesome result.
Mr. SHERMAN. We will expedite busi-
ness, if you will leave it to us.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The fact that I have
no, special measure to bring forward does not
touch the question. I presented one bill of
some interest this morning touching the pre-
emption of the public lands, and I hope that
will not prolong the session of the Senate. All
I want is that we shall go on with business.
Now, we have a bill partly discussed, and that
has been popping up in this body from time to
time for two or three sessions, and I think we
had better dispose of it. If it has got merits
it ought to pass ; if it has not we ought to de-
feat it. I suggest to the Senator from Rhode
Island that we go on in open session with the
discussion of that bill and come to a vote
upon it.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senate has already
voted to go into executive session.
Mr. CLARK. Now let us have that order
executed.
Mr. POLAND. If wo are not in executive
session 1 move that we go in.
Mr. CLARK. I ask for the execution of
the order already made.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. In pursu-
ance of the order of the Senate, the Sergeant-
at-Arms will clear the galleries and close the
doors.
The Senate having proceeded to the consid-
eration of executive session; the doors were
afterward reopened, and the Senate^adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
monday, May 28, 1860.
The House met at twelve o'clock m.
The .lourual of Saturday last was read and
approved.
OUDER 01' business.
The SPEAKER announced, as the first busi-
ness in order , the call of com mil tees (com-
mencing with the Committee ot Elections) for
reports to go upon the Calendar and not to be
brought back by a motion to reconsider.
No reports were presented.
stamps ox legal documents.
The SPEAKER stated the next business in
order to be the call of States for resolutions,
under which call the following resolution,
pending last Monday at the expiration of the
morning hour, came up for consideration:
Whereas the provisions of the interna) revenue law
of June 30, '180.1, in section one hundred and seventy,
under the head of "legal documents," which require
certain kinds of process and lesal documents used in
the courts of the States to bo stamped, have been
held by the highest courts oi several States to he
unconstitutional and void; and whereas they are at
least of doubtful validity, aud in fact impose a tax
on redress, which ought always to bo as free as possi-
ble: Therefore, .
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be instructed to consider the propriety of repealing
said provisions, and that they report by bill or other-
wise.
The resolution was agreed to.
maps of boundary survey.
Sir. RICE, of Maine, submitted the follow-
ing resolution:
Resohed, That the Secretary of State be requested
to inform this House what progress has been made m
completing the maps connected with the boundary
survey under the treaty of Washington, with copics
of any correspondence on this subject not heretofore
printed.
The SPEAKER. This being a call for exec-
utive information, unanimous consent is neces-
sary for its consideration on this day.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and agreed to.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was adopted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
tkeasully sales 01' gold.
Mr. PERHAM submitted the following reso-
lution :
Resolved., That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to inform this House what amount of gold
belonging to the United States has been sold by or
under his authority since the 1st instant, and at what
rates; also, the name of the agent or ascnts through
whom such sales were effected, and what rate ot com-
mission has been authorized by the Department for
selling the same.
The SPEAKER. This being a call for
executive information, unanimous consent is
necessary for its consideration on this day.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and agreed to.
Mr. PERHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider bo laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
rUBLIC HONORS TO TRAITORS.
Mr. WILLIAMS submitted the following
resolution, on which he called the previous
question;
Whereas it has been publicly declared by the su-
preme executive authority of this nation, in accord-
ance with the dictates of sound wisdom, the just
instincts of humanity, and the undoubted senti-
ment of the people oi the loyal States, that treason
should bo made odious, and traitors not only dis-
graced, but impoverished; and whereas it is repre-
sented that while no traitor who has survived the
chances of the battle-field and escaped the retribu-
tion due to his crimes at the handsuf the loyal sol-
diers of the North, has been otherwise punished than
by the award of public honors or the remission of
disabilities to qualify him for the enjoyment thereof,
the memories of the traitor dead have been hallowed
and consecrated by local public entertainments and
treasonable utterances in honor of their crime, which
have not only been tolerated by the national author-
ities, but in some instances approved by closing the
public offices on the occasion of floral processions to
their graves, while the privilege of paying like hon-
ors to the martyred dead of the armies of the Union
who perished in the holy work of punishing the trea-
son of those who are thus honored, and restoring the
Union of our fathers, has been denied to the loyal
people of those communities by the local authorities,
with the connivance or consent of the military or
civil agents of this Government; and whereas the
cncoiuagement or toleration of such enormities is of
pernicious and dangerous example, insulting to the
living soldiers of the llepublic, as well a* to the mem-
ories of the dead, and calculated to make loyaltj
odious and treason honorable, and to obstruct, if not
entirely pievent. the growth of such a feeling as is
essential to any cordial or permanent reunion ol these
States; Therefore, .
Resolved. That the President bo requested to in-
form this House whether any of the military or civil
employes of this Government, within the State of
Georgiaor any of the other rebel States, have m any
wn,v countenanced or assisted in the rendition ot pub-
lic honors to any of the traitors, either living ot dead,
who have been waging a pariicidal war against this
Government, in commemoration of their great crime,
either by closing tlicir offices on such occasions or
making other favorable public demonstrations 111
connection therewith; and further, whether the priv-
ilege of doing like honors to loyalty at the graves of the
Unionsoldierswho have perished far from theirhoincs
and kindred has been, in any instance, obstructed or
denied by the rebel authorities, with the concurrence
or a,equiesccncc of the officers of this Government.
Mr. NICHOLSON. I raise the point of
order that this resolution, bping a call for
executive information, must lie over under
the rulevS.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point, of order.
Mr. "WTLLIAMS. I move a suspension of
the rules.
The SPEAKER. That motion cannot be
made during the morning hour.
Mr. WILLIAMS. When may it be made?
The SPEAKER. When the morning hour
has expired.
DISPENSING WITH EYENING SESSIONS.
Mr. THAYER submitted the following res-
olution ] on which he demanded the previous
question:
Resolved, That the evening sessions of the House
be dispensed with until otherwise ordered.
The previous question was seconded and fch.0
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. THAYER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion, to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
preedmen's bureau.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolu-
tion. and demanded the previous question on
its adoption:
Resolved, That the Secretary of "War be directed to
furnish to this House a report showing the amount of
funds received by the Bureau of Refugees, Frccdmen,
and Abandoned Lands, trom its organization to the
1st day of April, 1866: from what bourees the same
wore derived., and to what general purposo appropri-
ated ; the amount (or value) of subsistence stores
received and expended within said period : the value
of quartermaster's property rcccived prior to and
amount remaining on hand on said 1st April; tbo
estimated cost of transportation furnished on requi-
sitions or orders from said bureau to said date, speci-
fying what share of the same was for refugees, for
freedmen, and for officers, soldiers, andcivilians con-
nected with said bureau; theamountof landincluded
in the Government farms, so called, in charge of said
bureau in the year I860, and the value of the crops
raised thereon; the number of buildinprsoccupied by
said bureau on the 1st day of September, 1865, and
the amount of rent claimed for all lands and build-
ings previously occupied, up to Ainil 1,1866, by the
owners or pretended owners thereof; the value of
personal property, if any, seized and applied to the
uses of the bureau in any of the rebellious States;
the number of officers of the Army or volunteers of
each grade who had been orwere on duty in said'
buieau previous to .-aid 1st of April, and the gross
amount of pay and allowances, as nearly as the samo
can be readily ascertained, to which sueh officers were
entitled while thus on duty, and the amount of esti-
mates of quartermasters' funds required by quarter^
masters on duty in said bureau for the use thereof,
up to said April 1, and the amount transferred on
said estimates.
The previous question was seconded andthg
main question ordered ; and under tlie opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
invalid pensions.
Mr. STEVEN'S submitted the following res-
olution, 011 which he demanded the previous
question:
Jleiolvcd, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions
be instructed to bring in a bill to double the pensions
caused by the casualties of war with the so-called
confederate States.
Mr. TAYLOR. I will suggest to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania that a bill passed this
House a few days since and is now awaiting
the action of the Senate. I think, perhaps, it
will meet the views of the gentleman. This
also is a resolution of instiuction.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not understand that
any bill has passed the House to meet the ob-
ject I have in view.
Mr. TAYLOR. It grades the disabilities.
Mr. STEVENS. My idea is that all these
pensions should be doubled: and that is the
idea contained in the resolution.
Mr. TAYLOR. I suggest,^ then, that the
gentleman make the resolution one of in-
quiry.
Mr. STEVENS. There is no necessity of
inquiring into the expediency of doing it. I
want to test the sense of the House on the
subject.
Mr. PERHAM. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania whether he will not allow the
resolution to be one of inquiry.
Mr. STEVENS. If 1 were sure the com-
mittee would report in a couple of weeks 1
would consent to thai modification.
Mr. PERHAM. The committee would be
prepared to make some sort oi a report in that
time.
Mr. STEVENS. I agree to that modiiiea-
tion. , ,
Mr. SPALDING. _ I object to debate.
rj'jiprevious question was seconded and the
