1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. •
have an account of us, individually and as a
nation: whose blood is one with ours, whose
destinies are intermingled and run wiih ours,
whose life takes hold on immortality with ours,
and because this right is necessary to develop
his manhood, elevate his race, and secure for
it a better civilization and a more enlightened
and purer Christianity.
Mr. President, the honorable Senator from
Nevada [Mr. Stewart] the other day asserted
in this Chamber that if we conferred suffrage
on the negro it was a boon—a gift from us to
him—not something to which he had a right,
but which we conceded or gave; and I under-
stood the honorable Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Wade] to assent to this idea. Sir, I dissent
entirely 
Mr. WADE. What proposition does the
Senator say I assented to ?
Mr. CLARK. I will state it again, because
I desired to call that Senator's attention to it,
for I thought the expression was unguarded if
he meant to make it. I say the honorable Sen-
ator from Nevada the other day asserted in
this Chamber that if we granted the negroes
the privilege of voting it would be a boon from
us to them, a gift which wo conferred, and not
a right which belonged to them ; and I under-
stood the Senator from Ohio to assent to that
position.
Mr. WADE. If I did, I did not under-
stand it.
Mr. CLARK. I think the Globe will so
show him, but I think he did not understand
the proposition, and it is for that reason that I
call his attention so particularly to it.
Mr. WADE. I entirely deny any such in-
ference as being a sentiment of mine.
Mr. CLA11K. So I supposed; for I think it
would be in opposition to all his utterances and
his whole life. The black man has justas much
right to his vote as the white man has to his;
and it is 110 more a gift or boon in the one case
than in the other; and the white man has no
more authority to confer or withhold it than
the black man ; aud the black man of this city
has just as good a right to vole that the white
man shall not exercise the elective franchise
here as the white man has that the black man
shall not. Neither has the right to control or
restrict the other; and the question comes to
Congress to determine what is right, what is
proper, and what is the best thing to be_ done.
I maintain that the black man has just as
good a right to his life and liberty as the white
man has to his; and that, if suffrage is neces-
sary to protect that iife and liberty,-tor for other
purposes, it is just as much the right of the black
man as it would be of the white man in similar
circumstances. It is an individual righMo be
regulated and limited for the good of the State;
but these limitations should apply to all classes,
and be clearly for the public good. It should
never be needlessly violated or withheld. I
do not assent, Mr. President, to a distinction
sometimes made that suffrage is a privilege,
in the sense of a thing permitted to be done,
and not a right. I contend it is a right. If it
is a privilege, who confers the privilege? The
Government, it is answered. Whence does the
Government derive the power to confer the
privilege ? Why, from the people surely—no-
where'else. Then this is a statement of the
case: the people confer on the Government
the power or privilege to^eonfer on the people
the power or privilege ot voting; whieu is as
sensible as it would be tor yon to give me a
dollar, which I had previously given you for
that purpose, and call it charity.
Sir, government, accordingtotheDeclarauon
of Independence, derives its just powers from
the consent of the governed. This implies that
the governed may of right, not of privilege,
give or withhold that assent. How do the gov-
erned do this? Why, by their votes, not other-
wise, and thus the governed have the ngnt to
give or withhold their votes. It is.their right,
and not a privilege conferred.
Mr. WADE. God gave the right.
Mr. CLARK. I am stating the argument of
some other people. Man derives the righi from
39ui Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 53.
his manhood and the equality of his manhood
with his fellow-man.
Does any one say, Mr. President, this is ne-
gro equality ? So it is—political equality, not
social. This last is not the creature of legisla-
tion, or political organization, but of taste, pro-
priety, and fitness. In some of the States the
negro has now, and has for a long time had, the
same political rights as the white man. The
law makes no distinction for or against him, but
he is left to acquire that position in society to
which his abilities and behavior entitle him.
And why should not this be so? Was not
your Government founded upon that idea—the
political equality of all men? Is he not enti-
tled to his life as clearly and fully as the white
man? That life may not be of the same con-
sequence in the community as another life, but
be it of more or less value, is not the negro just
as much entitled to it as any other man can be
to his? And has he not a right just as good
to have it protected by law ? So, too, of all
those rights known as personal rights. Has ho
not as good a right to come and to go at his
pleasure as the white man? Just as much right
to own a portion of the soil and have a home
as the white man? And if ho settles by the side
of another who does not quite relish his being
there, has that other any more right to drive off
and exclude the blade man than the black man
has to drive off and exclude the white man?
Has ho not the same right to defend his person
and his property? Should not the tribunals of
justice be equally open to him, and should ho
not be permitted to tell his story?
"Certainly, sir, certainly, this is all proper.
Wc grant you the negro should have all these
rights; but he has no right to vote."
Let us see. You admit the courts should bo
open to the black man, and that he should have
the protection of the laws as fully as the white
man. Why, then, should he not have a part,
a vote, in determining the laws which are to be
administered to him, or in the selection of the
officers who are to administer them ? Do you
tell me he is too ignorant for such functions? I
reply he is no more ignorant than many whites,
and ignorance is 110 worse in*a black man than
in a white man, and if one is disqualified by it,
so, then, is the other. And yet, sir, I have
never found one of those persons who oppose
negro suffrage upon the ground of ignorance
willing to exclude the white man for the same
reason. I would put both on the same basis,
whether with or without restriction or qualifica-
tion. Ifthe negro should learn to read and write
before he votes, let the whit e man do the same.
Again, sir, it has been said in a very respect-
able quarter, we "'do not wish to make the
grant of the elective franchise by the late in-
surgent States to their emancipated slaves a
condition of their being allowed to resume
their political relations in the Union, because—
one reason—before we grant the right to vote
to any new elements we require a certain pro-
bation—of natives twenty-one years age, of
adult foreigners five years' residence—and we
ought to require some similar probation of the
ignorant massof the late slaves." \ ery good,
sir. But of rebels—what probation would
these same gentlemen require of them? None;
not a day. They should at onee be restored to
their former relations—allowed to vote anil to
be voted for, fo hold office, receive salaries,
sit with loyal legislators to neutralize and par-
alyze the necessary legislation, and to accom-
plish with the ballot what they failed to do with
the bayonet. Would you like, sir, to run your
ship of state on a rebel torpedo ? Then keep
clear of southern waters until you have fished
them out, or are made certain none are there.
Sir, I would rather have the vote of the loyal
black man, who periled his life to save the
country, without probation, than of the rebel
white man who periled his to destroy it, even
with probation. One may be ignorant, the
other certainly has been wicked; the one might
vote wrong by mistake, the other by design has
aimed the most deadly blows at the existence
of the Government.
Tell me, sir, if called upon to put arms into
the hands of men in the disloyal States, into
whose hands would you put them.? Would you
do as they have done, or attempted to do, in
Mississippi—arm the rebel militia, and disarm
the loyal black soldier?
Mr. WADE. Who has done that?
Mr. BROWN. The President did that.
Mr. CLARK. Gentlemen say the President
did that. I was not commenting cm the author;
I was commenting upon the impolicy of the act.
. Surely not, sir; you would retain the arms
in the hands of the black men. Let, then,, your
ballots go where you would intrust your bay-
onets. Both are effective weapons; and if m
time of war you needed the black man:s bay-
onet to preserve your Government, you may
equally, in time of peace, need his ballot to
guard "against acts more insidious but scarcely
less pernicious than open rebellion. If the
black man has intelligence enough to know on
which side to fight, he certainly will know on
which side to vote. And if amid the fire and
smoke of rebellion he kept the old flag in sight,
and prayed for it and fought for it, much more
readily in time of peace will he discern and
strive to preserve the great principles of con-
stitutional liberty.
Mr. President, the restrictions which have
been laid 011 the black man in many States are
the outgrowth, the miserable brood and spawn
of slavery, and they should perish with it.
The negro was denied land and home, be-
cause he was the chattel of his master; he was
denied access to the courts, because he had no
rights which a white man was bound to respect;
he was not permitted f 0 testify, becausc he might
tell of the enormities practiced ujion him ; and
ho was denied a vote, that ho might be of no
sort of influence or consequence in human
affairs. Sir, strike from him all those disabil-
ities with his fetters, and give him the fullest
opportunity, with all the necessary menus, to
elevate himself from his humble, despised con-
dition. Does any one, I say again, complain
that this leads to equality? Then let liim go
and complain of his Maker that He formed the
negro at all; that He allowed him to breathe
the same air, see the same light, hoar the samo
sounds, or walk the same earth with the white
man; that He gave him instincts, passions,
hopes, desires, capabilities, a soul reaching to
immortality; in short, that He made him a
man! Here is the difficulty. The negro is a
man! and however degraded, inferior, abject,
or humble, it is our duty to elevate and im-
prove him, and to give him the means of ele-
vation or improvement; and the Senator from
Kentucky may assert and prove that there are
thirty-six, fifty-six, or a hundred and six points
of difference'between him and a white man,
but until he shows he is not a man, the negro will
be entitled to be treated by us as a man, and
to demand and enjoy the same political privi-
leges as other men.
Mr. President, open rebellion is ended and
the Union is safe from its violence, but wo aro
not through wiih our difficulties or dangers.
Grave matters arising out of the war press
themselves on our consideration and demand
our resolute action. Among these stand fore-
most the protection of the freedmen, and the
restoration of the rebellious States to their true
relations with the Government. Both are of
difficulty, but both of urgent necessity, aud
both are complicated, eacli with the other, by
the fact, that the freedmen live in those re-
bellious States, and are to be protected there,
while the people of these States are intensely
hostile to them in many parts, and subject
them to oppressive indignities, barbarous cruel-
ties, stripes, and death.
All agree that the freedman must be pro-
tected. It has been said with equalbeauty and
force that ''the poor man's life should never
depend upon the rich man's pleasure." Nor
should the freedman, whose shackles have been
broken by the wreneli and twist of war,, be left
to the indifference, neglect, control, or cruelty
of his inexorable master. It that master has
submitted to superior force, his submissioa
will be coextensive only with that force; and.
