1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8817
run flying coaches from Oxford to London, it
created the greatest commotion and excite-
ment; petitions were immediately sent to the
King and Privy Council in opposition to it;
all the inn-keepers, all the stock-breeders, all
the navigators upon the Thames—indeed, all
of the innumerable class of people whose inter-
ests were affected loudly protested against it.
Yes, sir, in England it created the greatest ex-
citement when the simple proposition was made
that flying coaches should run between Oxford
and London between sunrise and sunset. It
was thought to be intolerable, and denounced
as the destruction of vested rights and an in-
vasion that would work serious evils to many
important interests. But flying coaches were
established notwithstanding. I remember very
well when railroads were established in my own
State. _ I remember, when a boy, that when
the railroad system as introduced there was
the greatest excitement; and all the stage-
drivers, tavern-keepers, all those who owned
turnpike stock, got up petitions and remon-
strances and made the greatest ado, declaring,
in order to preserve their business, railroads
must be stopped.
I consider this opposition on a par with that
I have mentioned. What these men say ought
to weigh but little under the circumstances. I
do not think it should have the slightest force
in determining the judgment of the House
against this bill. I >'o not think the testi-
mony and feelings of these captains and pilots
should have any more weight or force than
those of any other class of men engaged in any
other vocation of life. The testimony on the
other side was overwhelming that this bridge
does not materially obstruct the navigation of
the river. Now, in regard to the suits at law,
to which reference has been made by the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Wasiibchne.] It
was stated, if not in the committee outside of
the committee, that there were important suits
pending against this bridge, and that this would
be doing great injustice to the parties who had
entered those suits. We made diligent inquir-
ies of all parties who were on the stand, and
who ought to have known if anybody knew,
whether such suits were pending, and they
testified that there were no such suits.
As I said before, this bridge is built in the
most satisfactory manner, and the obstruction,
if any, is very slight. Let me say, of all the
boats which have passed there—ten hundred
and forty-eight—in a single year, only these two
accidents have happened. I leave it, therefore,
to the House to determine whether, under these
circumstances, with the great facility the bridge
affords for transportation of all this produce,
this amendment shall be adopted. Let me show
what this was by the sworn testimony of parties
who appeared before the committee. The
freight over the bridge last year was one hun-
dred and twenty-six thousand tons and fifty-five
thousand passengers and twenty trains daily.
They open the draw ordinarily in less than three
minutes, but are often not more than two min-
utes. They can open it, as they frequently have
done, in one minute. It appeared from the
sworn testimony of the parties who were before
the committee and who presented statistics that
this was so. And not only that, Mr. Speaker,
but it is shown that, while twenty trains run over
this bridge daily, only four or five steamboats,
on an average, pass under it daring the season
of navigation.
In addition to that, I will say—and it is an
important fact in this case that I must notice—
that several tons of mail matter go over this
bridge daily; and further, that for four months
of the year the navigation of the river is ob-
structed by ice. It is also navigable for small
boats only during several weeks in the navi-
gable season. When the river was closed by
ice before the bridge was built all the freight
had to lie over, andagreatdealof it for months.
This alone furnishes an argument of irresistible
force in favor of bridging this great river; and
I submit whether, under these circumstances,
the House can refuse to sanction this recom-
mendation of the committee and declare this
bridge a post route, when it is shown that the
bridge was built in the best possible manner,
that but one accident has occurred for eighteen
months, and that it was built by the authority
of the Legislatures both of Illinois and Iowa.
All this was shown and it was shown further
that the bridge offers no interference or ob-
struction worth talking of with the navigation
of the river. I will yield now to the gentle-
man from New York.
Mr. HUBBARD, of New York. I was
surprised, Mr. Speaker, to hear the remarks
of the gentleman from Illinois. I am a mem-
ber of the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, and this matfer was thoroughly
examined by that committee, and the commit-
tee came to the conclusion that the policy had
been adopted that the rivers of this country
must be bridged. Here is a company with a
capital of some millions of dollars; they start
from the eastern States and come to the Mis-
sissippi river ; they find that the navigation of
that river is obstructed by ice for two or three
months in the year; they find that the States
of Iowa and Illinois have granted the privilege
of constructing a bridge across the river; they
go on and erect a bridge and it has been in oper-
ation over a year. And I am surprised that
thegentleman from Illinois. [Mr. Wasujjujrs-e,]
with all his ability and experience, should get
up here and dodge the question and argue the
feasibility of anoiher bridge.
Mr. WASHBURNB, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman misstates the case ; 1 have referred to
the testimony.
Mr. HUBBARD, of New York. I deny that
there was any such testimony before the com-
mittee.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, oflllinois. That shows
how little the gentleman knows about it.
Mr. HUBBARD, of New York. I must
decline to yield. The gentleman speaks of this
bridge being a nuisance. Let me tell him that
the matter has been before the courts botli of
Illinois and Iowa.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman yield to me for a moment?
Mr. HUBBARD, of New York. I will be
as courteous to the gentleman as he was to me
when he had the floor. Ho would not even
answer my question. If the gentleman had
not drawn upon his imagination, but had left
the facts to speak for themselves, I would not
have said a word. But I am a member of the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
and when the gentleman gets up here and
charges the committee with having acted out-
rageously I cannot sit still. Why, sir, if there
be any bridge on this river that should be
authorized, it is this. It has been shown to
the committee that the draw can be opened in
three minutes, and that a vessel can pass in
one minute, and it was shown before the com-
mittee that there never has been a steamboat
or a raft detained there for a minnte. There
is, however, a conflict between the steamboat
interest and the railroad interest. All the facts
were brought out before the committee.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I ask that
the time of the gentleman from New York be
extended sufficiently long to enable me to read
the testimony which was taken before the com-
mittee in regard to the obstruction which this
bridge offers to the navigation of the Missis-
sippi river.
Mr. HUBBARD, of New York. I tell the
gentleman from Illinois, that the testimony
before the committee was right the other way.
_ Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I would
like to have my amendment read, although it
is not before the House.
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
Mr. ALLISON. I demand the yeas and nays
upon agreeing to the amendment to the amend-
ment.
The amendment to the amendment is as
follows:
And that the bridge constructed over tho Missis-
sippi rirer at Clinton, Iowa, by the Albany Bridge*
Company, under authority from the States oflllinois
and Iowa, be, and the same is hereby, declared to be
a postal route and highway of the United States, and
may be maintained provided it does not materially
obstruct, the navigation of said river.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 54, nays 66, not voting
G2; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Ames, James M. Ashley
Baldwin, Baxter, Bundy, Coffroth, Conkling, Eld-
ridge. l<arnsworth, Farquliar, Glossbrenncr, Urin-
ncll, Hart, Higby, Holmes, Hotchkiss, Asahel W.
Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, Hul-
burd, Humphrey, Ingersoll, Jenekes, Julian, Kas-
son, William Lawrence, Le Blond, Longyear, Lynch,
Marston, McKce, McRuer, Mcreur, Miller, Orth,
Poino, Perhani, Price, Alexander H. Rice, Ritter,
Rogers, Rollins, Sawyer, Shellabargcr, Trowbridge,
Van Aernam, liurt Van Horn, William B. Washburn,
Welkcr, Wcntwortli, James 1\ Wilson, Windom, and
Wood bridge—54.
NAYS— Messrs.Allison, Aneona, Anderson, Delos
R. Ashley, Baker, 13;'uks, Benjamin, Bidwell, Pout-
well,Boyer,Bromwell,Bnt>kInnd, Reader W. Clarke,
Cobb, Dawson, Deirces, Delano, Doming, Donnelly,
Ecklev, Kggleston, Eliot, Fcrrv, kirtck, Gridei, Gris-
wuld, Hale, Aaron Harding, Abner C. Harding, Hen-
derson, Ilogan. Chester D. Ilubbnid, James It. Ilub-
bell. Johnson.Ketcham, Kuykendn11, Ratlin. George
V. Lawrence, Loan, Maishall, Alaivin, McClurg,
Mooihond, Moms, Moulton, Newell. Niblack, Nich-
olson, No ell, .Samuel J. Randall, William II. Randall,
Raymond, Rousseau, Scotielcl, Sitgreaves, Spalding,
Taber, Taylor, Thayer, Thornton, Warner. Eliliu H.
Wnshurnc, Ilenry D. Washburn, Whaley, and Wil-
liams—G(i.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Barker, Jleamau, Bergen,
Bingham, Blnine, Blow, Brnndegeo, Broomall, Chan-
ler, Sidney Clarko, Cook, Cullom, Culver, Darling,
Davis, Dawes, Deniton, Dixon, Dodge, Drigss, Du-
moiit,(i<irlield,Ooodyea.r, Hnrris, llayes, Hill, Hooper,
Edwin N. IJubbcU, Jones, Kelley, Kelso, Kerr, La-
tham, McCu Hough, Mclndoe, Morrill, Myers.O'Neill,
Patterson, Phelps, Pike, Plants, Pomcroy, ltndford,
John 11. Rice, ltoss,Schenc-k, Slianklin, Sloan, Smith,
Starr, Stevens, Stihvell, Strouse, Francis Thomas,
John L.Thomas,Trimble, Upson, RobertT.Van Horn,
Ward, Stephen P.Wilson, Winlield, and Wright—62.
So the amendment to the ameudment was
not agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. J OHNSON said: My colleague, Mr.
De.vison, is detained from tho Hotibo by
serious illness.
• The result of the vote was announced as
above recorded.
ENROLLED BELLS SIGNED.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that the Commit-
tee on Enrolled Bills had examined and found
truly enrolled bills of the following titles; when
the Speaker signed the same :
An act (S. No. SG'J) to establish certain post
roads;
An act (II. R. No. 134) for the relief of A.
T. Spencer and Gurdon S. Hubbard;
An act (H. R. No. 712) for the relief of the
minor children of Salvador Aecardi, deceased;
An act. (H. R. No. 7-11) granting a pension
to Jonathan W. Beach ;
An act (II. R. No. 7"9) for the relief of
Samantha J'ader; and
An act (II. R. No. 7012) granting a pension
to Mrs. Charlotte E. Reed.
BRIDGES OVUll MTSSIPSirpi—AGAIN.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the amendment
to the amendment was disagreed to ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The question recurred upon the amendment
reported from the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads as amended by the House.
The amendment was agreed t.o.
The question was upon the third reading of
the bill.
Mr. HOUAN. I move that the bill be laid
on the table.
The motion to lay the bill on the table was
not agreed to.
The bill, a3 amended, was then read the
third time.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. My col-
league [Mr. IIaiuhng] is very anxious to have
incorporated in this bill an amendment, wdiieh
I will read, and which he understcyJ that tho
