1866,
THE .0OTORESSIONAL' GLOi®,
mr
Mr. HARDfNGyof Illinois. By that you
give a premitftn to default.
Mr. MII/LER. Suppose there are no stop-
pages and suspensions.
MivjBINGHAM. Then the money will not
be naicL The word " only'' In the amendment
oovprs that. If there is any doubt I will mod-
ify'my amendment to meet that.
Mr. SCIIENCK. While my colleague Is
modifying his amendment so as to make it
satisfactory to members I will proceed to close,
if there be any close to that which seems to me
to have neither beginning nor end.
Mr. WASHBUliN, of Indiana. I wish, Mr.-
Speaker 
Mr. SCHBNCK. I have not closed yet. Sir,
theru must be a very continuous thread in my
explanations, with all these interruptions.
Mr. BINGHAM. - Will my colleague allow
me a moment?
Mr. SCHBNCK. Oh, yes. • '
Mr. BINGHAM. I believe that the word
" only," in the amendment which I proposed,
was amply sufficient to accomplish the desired
object. But in order that the objections of
gentlemen may be fully met, I add to my
amendment the following:
But in no case shall any additional pay bo allowed
unless there is such stoppage or suspension.
And I will make this further remark: if I
am wrong in my opinion, 1 trust my colleague
will correct me. As I understand the law and
regulations now existing, unless the paymas-
ter, against whom stoppages and suspensions
are made, can show that they arise by no fault
or fraudulent device of his ofrn, he gets no
pay of any kind. It not simply goes to the
stoppages and suspensions, but it prevents his
receiving any pay of any kind.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. The gen-
tleman will allow me to ask whether stoppages
and suspensions arc ever made except where
there appears to have been some fault or neglect
on the part of the paymaster.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will answer the gentle-
man. There arise in the Department cases like
one of which I now have knowledge, in which
gentlemen against whom I undertake to say
there cannot be justly a breath of suspicion,
finds himself unable to obtain a settlement of
his accounts by reason of a difficulty arising
with regard to a payment of money made in
'perfect good faith to an Iowa regiment. At
present, under the rules and regulations and the
law, no relief can be extended to him. Unless
this bill passes, his securities or himself must
be responsible for that money which was paid
in good faith to the soldiers of the Union.
Mr. G-RINNjELL. The gentleman will per-
mit me to say, as he has spoken of an Iowa
regiment, that the plainest principles of long-
delayed justice, as well as the provisions of
law, require that the " Greybeard regiment"
of Iowa, noble, sacrificing patriots, consisting
of men above forty-five years of age, who have
done as much service as any other regiment of
the Army in the line of duty, should be paid
the bounty, paid to a portion, which they have
so well earned. I hope to see a, settlement on
no other basis. Congress must understand the
facts and do justice.
Mr. BINGHAM. I had no intention to
reflect discredit upon the regiment which the
gentleman has mentioned, or any other regi-
ment. God forbid that 1 should reflect dis-
credit upon any regiment of our country's
defenders.
Mr. SCHENCIv. ' One word, Mr. Speaker,
in reference to the point which has just been
raised. The difficulty is not that an enactment
of this kind would now protect or ever has pro-
tected those who have been guilty of frauds.
Whenever there is anything amounting to a
criminal default, any misconduct of a culpable
character on the part of an officer, his whole
pay of every kind is stopped; and during the
war an officer in default in that way would have
been fortunate if he had escaped summary
arrest and confinement in the Old Capitol prison
or elsewhere, without any very closc inquiry
as to how he came to be in default.
This bill, however, is intended, as haS been
already stated, to cover cases of stoppages
and suspensions where the-money has actudly
been paid out, but paid out under such cir-
cumstances that vouchers _ entirely satisfac-
tory to the. close and scrutinizing inquiry of
the officers here whose duty it is to audit and
adjust these accounts have not been obtained.
When this bill was introduced this piorning,
it provided that there should be . paid to pay-
masters and additional paymasters of the Army
who had been engaged in paying troops during
the war a certain commission as a further com-
pensation. But it was suggested to me that
such is the precision, the closeness, the hyper-
criticism which prevails at the Department
here—and perhaps for this they ought not to
be much blamed—that they would confine the
benefits of the act to those remaining in office
as paymasters or additional paymasters,-though
nearly all these officers were mustered out
some time since, and are only waiting now to
have their accounts adjusted, so that they may
know whether their liabilities have ceased.
'Therefore 1 thought it proper that the bill
should be amended so as to extend to all per-
sons who have served during this war as pay-
masters and additional paymasters.
As the law stands at present, unless each
vouchor is in -such a shape as to remove effect-
ually every shadow of objection made at the
the Departments, these officers, after having
served through a series of months or years, act-
ing in good faith and paying only such as they
thought they ought to pay, find that a large
amount, sufficient to crush and ruin them, is
set down against them on account of certain
informalities which make it necessary, in the
view of the accounting officer, to stop or sus-
pend for the time being the account.
If, therefore, wo take care that this relief shall
not extend beyond relieving them from such
stoppages and such suspensions no moneywill
come out of the Treasury in fact.
The gentleman from New York is afraid this
is a precedent to be extended to all other offi-
cers. The precedent which 1 have satisfied my
friend did exist has not been extended to all
other officers. He says it may be extended
to members of Congress, who, ho further says,
are inadequately paid. Now, if there be stop-
Sages and suspensions against my friend from
few York, and I shall be here, J will vote for
a special law to relieve him. But, sir, it is
time enough to provide for all these cases when
they arise.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. Every paymaster who
has committed any error, through no fault of
his own, but through some accident over which
ho has no control, can now present his indi-
vidual case to Congress; and if there are any
merits in it I guaranty the Committee of
Claims will give it a fair hearing. They have
been liberal duriug the present Congress, and
I presume will be hereafter. My objection is
that it includes the whole class of officers.
Mr. SCIIBNCK. And that is the reason
why I prefer the bill. I like general legisla-
tion to cover all the eases equally, instead of
having special legislation in every case, accord-
ing to one principle in one case, and a differ-
ent one in another. I have always, in attempt-
ing to discharge my duty as a legislator, pre-
ferred such general laws instead of any special
legislation; and the gentleman commends my
bill to mo all the more by that objection.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. Another word.
Mr. SCIIENCK. T do not wish this to go
over the morning hour. I yield to the gentle-
man from Indiana for a few minutes.
Mr. WASHBURN, oflndiana. Mr. Speaker,
the amendment proposed by the gentleman
from Ohio, in my opinion, simply offers a pre-
mium for a man's ignorance. It is .the fault
of the paymasters themselves if any stoppages
are made against tliem. The amendment pro-
vides that the money to be paid shall be paid
only to those who are in default. The pay-
master who, after entering the Army, dis-
charged without default all the duties imposed
upon him, and who has no stoppages against
him, get ;u6thittg, while the officer who has
Been negli'geht in the discharge of his duties,
and has stoppages and suspensions against
him, jjefcs a premium for his carelessness and
inefficiency. ,
This bill, standing without the amendment,
in my opinion, is simply a proposition to in-'
crease the pay of paymasters—not in the future,
but,to go back over the whole war, and give
additional pay. What reason is there for it?
Is it because they did not get enough in the
first |jliiceV A^as the salary of $3j000 a year
insufficient? If that be so, the same argument
can be made for every officer and soldier in the
Army, for their pay was entirely inadequate.
If, then, these paymasters, who stayed back in
the rear, who never camo up to the front un-
less in exceptional cases, are entitled to addi-
tional salary, why should we not give it to the
officers and soldiers who suffered the hardships
of the field, and marched through the storm, of
a hundred battles?
Wo are asked to reward these men who held
the. very best positions in the Army becausa
they have not attended to their duties. Be-
cause a man-paid 825,000 to a regiment which
did not belong to the service; because he made
a mistake, not knowing his duty, and paid out
$'25,000 to men to whom it ought not to have
been paid, to men whom the Department de*\
cidcd never were in the service, we are asked to
refund that money which is charged up against
this paymaster. I do not say that the paymas-
ter paid the money fraudulently, but I do say
that it was a mistake arising from gross negli-
gence or gross ignorancc of duty. There is not
a business man who would not bo held respon-
sible for committing such an error ; and J do
not know why these men should not be hold
responsible.
1 he amendment says that it shall only be paid
to those who have not neglected their duty.
The bill says that every one shall have an_ in-
crease. My friend, General Smitii, from Ken-
tucky, on the other side, will tell you how much
money officers lost by reason of mistakes which
they have no means of having refunded. I do
not see why these officers, who had comfortable
positions in tlie pay department, should be
provided for to the exclusion of all others.
Mr. SCIIENCK. The objections made to
the bill are provided for by the amendments of
my colleague and others. Gentlemen do not
take into account the vast responsibility of men
who handle millions of money.
Mr. SMITH. Will the gentleman from Ohio
allow mo to offer my amendment, to insert in
line seven the words "to troops actually serving
in the field'!"
Mr. SCIIENCK. I have no objection to
th'osc words being inserted; and I now demand
the previous question.
The question was put upon seconding the
demand for the previous question ; and there
wore—ayes 34, noes !!!).
The SPBAKEH. The morning hour having
now expired, the bill goes over until to-morrow
morning, during the morning hour.
AGRICULTURAL COLIjEOES.
Mr. BID WELL. I rise to make a privileged
report. I am instructed by the'Committee on
Agriculture to report back House hill No. 50,
to amend the fifth section of ail act entitled
" An act donating public lands to the .several
States and Territories which may provide col-
leges for the benefit of agriculture and the
mechanic arts," approved July 2, 1802, so as
to extend the time within which the provisions
of said act shall be accepted and such collages
established, with an amendment in the nature
of a substitute.
The substitute was read, and is as follows:
Be it enuctfd by the Senate and Jloutn of Rcpyicrtt'i-
five* of the United States of Ant erica in (!on(trc*H awim-
bled, That tho time in which the several states may
comply with the piovisionsof the act of July 2,18(32,
entitled "An act donating public lands to Ihe sev-
eral States and Terjitoiies which may provide col-
leges lor the benefit of agriculture and the mechanic? ,
arts" is hereby extended so that the acceptance of
the benefits of the said act may be expressed within
three years from the parage of this act, and the col-
i icgua required by the &aid act may be provided within
