1898
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April IX,
five years from the date of the filing of such accept-
ance with the Commissioner of the General Land
Office: Provided, That the States now represented
in Congress, which have not availed themselves of
the grant of lands contained in the said act of July
2,1862, he, and they are hereby, entitled to so avail
themselves of the benefits thereof by complying with
the provisions of the said act and of this act, accord-
ing to their present representation in Congress: Pro-
videdfurther. That when any Territory shall become
a State and be admitted into the Union, snch new
State shall be entitled to the benefits of the sail} act
of July 2,1862, by expressing the acceptance therein
required within three years from the date of its ad-
mission into the Union, and providing the college or
colleges within five years after such acceptance, as
prescribed in this act.
Mr. BID WELL. The objections to this bill
raised yesterday by the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Delano] have been considered by the
Committee on Agriculture, and I have no objec-
tion to the amendment lie suggested.
Mr. DELANO. I move to add the following
proviso to the substitute:
Provided further, That any State which has here-
tofore expressed its acceptance of the act herein
referred to shall have a period of five years within
which to provide at least one collegc, as described in
the fourth section of said act, after the time for-pro-
viding the said college according to the act of July
2,1862, shall have expired.
I merely wish to call the attention of gentle-
men to the object of this amendment. The sub-
stitute, as it is offered, gives three years' ad-
ditional time within which the grant may be
accepted by States not having accepted it, and
five years after the acceptance is made in which
to erect the first college. But there is no pro-
vision made for extending the time to those
States that have already accepted the grant;
they must complete the first college within five
years from the date of the original bill.
Now, many of the States have accepted the
grant, and my own State among the number,
but various circumstances have prevented us
from being able to have the first college erected
within the time limited by the original bill.
Now, while we extend to States that have
not accepted the grant what amounts to eight
years, that is, three years in which to accept
the grant and five years to erect the first col-
lege, 1 ask that the States which have already
accepted the grant shall be allowed five years
in which to erect a college.
I believe that my proposition is now under-
stood, and I will say that, as I understand, it
meets the entire approbation of the chairman
of the committee having the bill in charge.
Mr. BID WELL. I have no objection to the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. Delano's amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred on the substitute.
Mr. RITTER. I move to amend the sub-
stitute by striking out in the thirteenth line the
words " now represented in Congress."
Mr. BIDWELL. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted. I feel satisfied that this
bill as proposed by the Committee on Agricul-
ture, and as amended by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Delano,] will cover all the ground
which it is desirable to cover at this time. I
have no objection to any States having the
benefit of this act when they shall be repre-
sented in Congress, and when that time arrives
the Representatives from such States can ask
that the benefits of this act be extended to
them. All that we undertake at this time to
provide is, that the benefits of this act shall
extend to the States which have not been in
rebellion. Otherwise, I feel satisfied that it
would require at least, a week to discuss the
merits of the bill, and perhaps it would be
defeated altogether. I hope, therefore, that
the amendment of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky will not be adopted, and I call the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BIDWELL. I yield the floor for a
moment to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Spalding. ]
j bankrupt bill.
Mr. SPALDING. I desire to enter a motion
to reconsider the vote by which the bankrupt
bill was referred to the select committee.
The motion was entered.
agricultural colleges again.
Mr. BIDWELL. I am entitled to one hour
to close the debate, and I will now yield five
minutes to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Bergen. ]
Mr. BERGEN. I only desire tlie attention
of the House for a moment. I hope that the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Ritter] will prevail. It is admitted
on all hands that the original law is defective.
We are about amending that law, and the chair-
man of the Committee on Agriculture admits
that unless the amendment offered by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky shall be incorporated in
the bill at the next session of Congress it will
be again necessary to amend the law so as to
allow those States which arc not now repre-
sented upon this floor to enjoy the benefits of
this law. _
Why not do it at the present time when it will
become necessary to have it done at some future
time? Why not, while we are now amending
the law, make it perfect, so that hereafter no
amendments shall be necessary? It certainly
appears to me to be the part of wisdom to make
the law perfect now and leave it in such condi-
tion that, it will meet the wants of the country
for the future. I hope the amendment of the
gentleman from Kentucky will prevail.
Mr. BIDWELL. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Iowa [Mr. Grinnell] for a few
moments.
Mr. GRINNELL. -1 wish to say, in reply
to my colleague of the Committee on Agricul-
ture. that I think we are already offering very
fine inducements to the people down South to
come back without giving them lands; and when
they come back we will go in for educating
them, and will grant them lands for that pur-
pose. For the present we will bid them wel-
come back, and we will even grant them uni-
versal amnesty, with a few exceptions, if they
will only give us universal suffrage: and when
they get that, they will need universal educa-
tion. I am opposed^now to granting lands to
anybody that is for the present outside of the
family circle.
Mr. RITTER. Will the gentleman from
California yield to me for a moment ?
Mr. BID WELL. I will do so, with pleasure.
Mr. RITTER. I do not see any reason why
we should adopt a system of legislation that is
so partial iu its character. What is the object
of cutting off from the benefit of this law those
States which are not now represented in Con-
gress? What good can result from it? Surely
gentlemen do not wish to cut off those States
unless some good can arise from it.
Mr. GRINNELL. They have cut them-
selves off.
Mr. HILL. I would like to know whether
the reason why the States lately in rebellion
are not included in this bill may not be to
avoid the probabilities of an executive veto.
The principle of two vetoes has been that we
have been legislating for States which are not
represented here, and I would be glad to in-
quire of the gentleman from Kentucky, if he
has any assurance that if we undertake by this
bill to legislate for those States, by givingthem
lands, it will not subject the bill to a similar
veto ?
Mr. RITTER. I have no assurances in regard
to it. I only know that partial legislation is
apt to beget division and strife.
Mr. HALE. I desire to ask whether the
bill now before the House does deprive any
States in the Union of any right heretofore
enjoyed by such States.
Mr. RITTER. The object of my amend-
ment is that it may not do so.
Mr. HALE. I ask for information if this
bill does cut off any State from any right it now
enjoys.
Mr. RITTER. It does cut off every State
in the Union that is not now represented in
Congress from the benefits of the law to which
this is an amendment.
Mr. GRINNELL. Every State that was in
rebellion.
Mr. RITTER. Every one that is not now
represented in Congress is cut off by this bill
from the benefits of the land grants for this
purpose. Is the State of Tennessee now io
rebellion? Is any State in rebellion now? Not
one. Every State is subject to the laws, and
Constitution of the country.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. The President
excepts Texas.
Mr. RITTER. We want to make these peo-
ple who have beenin rebellion patriots. Surely,
then, that is a reason why we should help to
educate them. It does seem to me that we
cannot expect by this partial legislation to
win back to loyalty and allegiance au alienated
people; on the contrary, its tendency is to
drive them further and further from us. .And
instead of that Union for which our people have
fought and have died, we are begetting divisions
that will permanently widen the breach.
I hope the amendment I have moved will be
adopted. The idea seems to be, I am sorry
to say, that these States are to be kept out of
Congress, not permitted to have their Repre-
sentatives occupy seats here ; and then, because
they have no representation here, they are to
be debarred from the benefits of this bill.
Mr. BIDWELL. It is very important that
this bill should be passed to-day. I would be
very glad to give every gentleman an opportu-
nity to express his opinions, or to move snch
amendments as he desires. But I am satisfied
that if we admit all these amendments this bill
will be defeated.
Mr. HALE. I would ask the gentleman to
yield to me for*a moment.
Mr. BIDWELL. Certainly.
Mr. HALE. If I understand the scope and
effect of the bill before this House, it does not
deprive any State of this Union of any right
which it now possesses.
Mr. BIDWELL. Certainly not.
Mr. HALE. As I understand the language
of the former act, the States of this Union were
each entitled to certain public lands for the
endowment of agricultural colleges. Those
States which have complied with the provis-
ions of that former bill, are now by this bill
granted certain extensions of time, that is,
those that are represented on this floor. In
other words, it is an extension of time to the
States now represented here, within which to
do acts provided by the bill. This bill does*
not, therefore, deprive even the States lately in
rebellion of any right whatever. It simply
omits to give them the same additional favors
that are given to the States which have not
been in rebellion. In that view I see nothing
objectionable in this bill. At the proper time
I certainly shall be in favor of treating the
southern States as we do the northern Stales.
But I do not think it wise now to embarrass
this bill by any amendment to provide the
same extension of time for the States lately in
rebellion that it is proposed to grant to the
States that have not been in rebellion.
Mr. RITTER. Will the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Hale] allow me to make a
word of explanation?
Mr. HALE. Certainly.
Mr. RITTER. There, are several Stales in
this Union besides those that have been in re-
bellion which have failed to accept the offer of
these public lands within the time prescribed
by the law. They are thus cut off from the
benefit, of the former act, and therefore it is
necessary that further provision should he made
extending th" time for accepting the donation.
But this bill proposes to extend the time only
to those States now represented in Congress.
Mr. IIALE. That is precisely as 1 under-
stand the bill. We do propose to grant certain
favors to the loyal States : I do not see that it
is an objection to the bill that we omit to grant
the same favors to States that have been in
rebellion. In regard to those States E shall be
guided by the circumstances of the case when
any bill is proposed for them. But I am not
willing to embarrass this bill now by any amend-
ment to put them on an equality iu this respect
with the loyal States.
