1866.,
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
419
Laws of the United States.
39th Cong....1st Sess.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That so
much of an act entitled "An act to authorize
protection to be given to citizens of the United
States who may discover deposits of guano,"
approved August eighteen, eighteen hundred
and fifty-six, as prohibits the export thereof, is
hereby suspended in relation to all persons who
have complied with the provisions of section
second of said act, for five years from and after
the fourteenth day of July, eighteen hundred
and sixty-seven.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That all
laws and parts of laws allowing fishing bounties
to vessels hereafter licensed to engage in the
fisheries be, and the same are hereby, repealed:
Provided, That, from and after the date of the
passage of [t]hisact, vessels licensed to engage
in the fisheries may take on board imported
salt in bond to be used iif curing fish, under
such regulations as the Secretary of the Treas-
ury shall prescribe, and upon proof that said
salt has been used in curing fish, the duties on
the same shall be remitted.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That,
from and after the passage of this act, all goods,
wares, or merchandise arriving at the ports of
New York, Boston, and Portland, or any other
port of the United States which maybe specially
designated by the Secretary of the Treasury,
and destined for places in the adjacent British
Provinces, or arriving at the port of Point Isa-
bel. Texas, or any ot^ier port of the United
States which may.be specially designated by
the Secretary of the Treasury, and destined for
places in the republic of Mexico, may be en-
tered at the custom-house, and conveyed, in
transit, through the territory of the United
States, without the payment of duties, under
such rules, regulations, and conditions, for the
protection of the revenue as the Secretary of
the Treasury may prescribe.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That im-
ported goods, wares, or merchandise in bond,
or duty paid, and products or manufactures of
the United States, may, with the consent of the
proper authorities of the provinces or republic
aforesaid, be transported from one port or
place in the United States to another port or
place therein, over the territory of said prov-
inces or republic, by such routes, and under
such rules, regulations and conditions as the
Secretary of the Treasury ma}' prescribe; and
the goods, wares, and merchandise, so trans-
ported. shall, upon arrival in the United States
from the provinces or republic aforesaid, be
treated in regard to the liability to or exemp-
tion from duty, or tax, as if the transporta-
tion had taken place entirely within the limits
of the United States.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That
whenever it shall be shown to the satisfaction
of the Secretary of the Treasury that more
moneys have been paid to the collector of cus-
toms, or others acting as such, than the law
requires, and the parties have failed to comply
with the requirements of the fourteenth and
fifteenth sections of the act entitled "Anaotto
increase the duties on imports, and for other
purposes," approved June thirtieth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four, and the Secretary of
the Treasury shall be satisfied that said non-
compliance with the requirements as above
stated was owing to circumstances beyond the
control of the importer, consignee, or agent
making such payments, he may draw his war-
rant upon the Treasurer in favor of the per-
son or persons entitled to the overpayment,
directing the said Treasurer to refund the same
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the
provisions of the second, third, and fourth sec-
tions of the act approved March second, eight-
een hundred and thirty-three, entitled ' An act
further to provide for the collection of duties
on imports," and of the twelfth section of.the
act approved March third, eighteen hundred
and sixty-three, entitled "An act to prevent
and punish frauds upon the revenue, to pro-
vide for the more certain and speedy collec-
tion of claims in favor of the United States,
and for other purposes," shall be taken and
deemed as extending to and embracing all
cases arising or which may have heretofore
arisen, and all suits and prosecutions hereto-
fore brought and now pending, or which may
hereafter be brought against any officer of the
United States or other person by reason of any
acts done or proceedings had by such officer
or other person, under authority or color of
the act approved March twelve, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-three, entitled "An act to pro-
vide for the collection of abandoned property,
and for the prevention of frauds in insurrec-
tionary districts within the United States," or
the act approved July two, eighteen hundred
and sixty-four, entitled "An act in addition
to the several acts concerning commercial in-
tercourse between loyal and insurrectionary
States, and to provide for the collection of
captured and abandoned property, and the
prevention of frauds in States declared in in-
surrection Provided, That such acts done i
or proceedings had under the two acts last i
aforesaid, or under color thereof, shall have
been done and had under the authority or by
the direction of the executive government of
the United States: And provided further,
That when a recovery shall have been, or
shall hereafter be, had in any such suit or
Erosecution brought, or which may hereafter
e brought, as aforesaid, the payment of the
amount recovered, as provided for in the said
twelfth section of the act approved March
third, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, afore-
said, shall be made out of the moneys arising
and obtained from the proceeds of sales and
leases and fees collected and paid over to the
Government under the two acts approved
March twelve, eighteen hundred and sixty-
three, and July second, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four, aforesaid, in relation to captured
and abandoned property.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That m
determining the dutiable value of merchandise
hereafter imported, there shall be added to the
cost, or to the actual wholesale price or gen-
eral market value at the time of exportation
in the principal markets of the country from
whence the same shall have been imported
into the United States, the cost of transporta-
tion, shipment, and transhipment, with all the
expenses included from the place of growth,
production, or manufacture, whether by land
or water, to the vessel in which shipment is
made to the United States; the value of the
sack, box. or covering of any kind in which
such goods are contained ; commission at the
usual rates, but in no case less than two and a
half per centum; brokerage, export duty, and
all other actual or usual charges for putting up.
preparing, and packing for transportation or
shipment. And all charges of a general char-
acter incurred in the purchase of a general
invoice shall be distributed prorata among all
parts of such invoice; and every part thereof
charged with duties based on value shall be
advanced according to its proportion, and all
wines or other articles paying specific duty by
grades shall be graded and pay duty according
to the actual value so determined: Provided,
That all additions made to the entered value
of merchandise for charges shall be regarded
as part of the actual value of such merchan-
dise, and if such addition shall exceed by ten
per centum the value so declared in the entry,
in addition to the duties imposed by law, there
shall be levied, collected, and paid a duty of
twenty per centum on such value: Provided,
That the duty shall in no case be assessed upon
an amount ieSs than the invoice or entered
value: Provided further, That nothing herein
contained shall apply to long-combing or car-
pet wools costing twelve cents or less per
pound, unless the charges so added shall carry
the cost above twelve cents per pound, in which
case, one cent per pound duty shall be added.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That the
second proviso in section twenty-one of an act
entitled "An act increasing temporarily the
duties on imports, and for other purposes,"
approved July fourteen, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two, which provides that any goods re-
maining in public store or bonded warehouse
beyond three years shall be regarded as aban-
doned to the Government, and sold under such
regulations as the Secretary of the Treasury
may prescribe, and the proceeds paid into the
Treasury, be, and the same is hereby, amended
so as to authorize the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. in case of any sale under the said provis-
ion, to pay to the owner, consignee, or agent
of such goods, the proceeds thereof, after de-
ducting duties, charges, and expenses, in con-
formity with the provision of the first section
of the warehouse act of August six, eighteen'
hundred and forty-six.
Sec. 11. And be-it further enacted, That
during [the] period of one year from the pas-
sage of this act, there may be imported into
the United States, free of duty, any machinery
designed solely for and adapted to the manu-
facture of sugar from beets, including all the
preliminary processes requisite therefor, but
not including any machinery which may be
used for any other manufactures.
; Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That upon
i the reimportation of articles once exported of
I thegrowth, product, or manufacture of theUni-
ted States, upon which no internal tax has been
assessed or paid, or upon which such tax has
been paid and refunded by allowance or draw-
back, there shall be levied, collected, and paid
a duty equal to the tax imposed by the internal
revenue laws upon such articles.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That
there shall be established in and attached to
the Department of the Treasury a bureau to
be styled "the Bureau of Statistics," and the
Secretary of the Treasury is hereby authorized
to appoint a Director to superintend and con-
trol the business of said bureau, who shall be
paid an annual salary of thirty-five hundred
dollars. And it shall be the duty of the Di-
j rector of the Bureau of Statistics to prepare
j the report, on the statistics of commerce and
! navigation, exports and imports, now required
: by law to be submitted annually to Congress
! by the Secretary of the Treasury; and said
' report, embracing the returns of the commerce
and navigation, the exports and imports of the
United States to the close of the fiscal year,
shall be submitted to Congress in a printed
form on or before the first day of December
next succeeding; and the said Director, as soon
as practicable after the organization of this
office shall, under the direction of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, prepare and publish
monthly reports of the exports and imports
of the United States, including the quantities
and values of goods warehoused or withdrawn
from warehouse, and such other statistics rel-
ative to the trade and industry of the country
as the Secretary of the Treasury may consider
expedient. And the Director of the Bureau
of Statistics shall also prepare an annual state-
ment of vessels registered, enrolled, and li-
censed under the laws of the United States,
together with the class, name, tonnage, and
place of registry of each vessel, and such other
information as the Secretary of the Treasury
may deem proper to embody therein; and to
enable the said Director to furnish the infor-
mation required, the Secretary of the Treasury
shall have power, under such regulations as
he shall prescribe, to establish and provide a
svstem of numbering vessels so registered,
i enrolled, and licensed; and each vessel so
j numbered shall have her number deeply carved
j or otherwise permanently marked on her main
I beam; and if at any time she shall pease to
