18(H1
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
835
not to criticise the President's acts, nor to
withhold ov withdraw from him one grain of
strength or support; but to make plain, if X can,
the necessity of suffrage to every loyal person
in the«e States to enable you to restore and
bold them in their true relations. There is in
all these States a large numberof loyal people.
In some sections they outnumber those who
have been in rebellion. Most of them, it is
true, have been slaves; they are ignorant, and
perhaps as yet do not fully comprehend their
condition-^ But they are loyal, and I would
make their loyalty a counterpoise of treason,
and secure the State against it by conferring on
them the same civil and political rights which
are enjoyed by other citizens of the same State.
There are, so far as I can see, but three ways
to be taken with these rebellious States:
Either they must bo intrusted to rebel hands;
or they must be held by military power; or the
loyal people must be admitted to control them.
The first method is entirely inadmissible;
the second by no means desirable, except as a
necessity; and the third is both practicable and
desirable. I would no more admit the rebels
to control these States than I wouj^d sail a ship
with the mutinous part of a crew, and confine
those who were faithful to the captain in the
hold or put them in irons. Military rule is
contrary to the very objects and aims of our
Government, while suffrage to all men is but
the practical application of its two cardinal prin-
ciples, self-government and equality in that gov-
ernment.
I say the last method is practicable. Take,
for instance, the State of Mississippi. In 18fi0
she had 850,901 white inhabitants and 437,404
colored. Now give these 437,404 men the bal-
lot, and traitors never would be troubled with
the "iron-clad oath,-' for they never would have
a chance to take it. Would you let the negroes
rule the State, do you ask? Yes. sir, in prefer-
ence to rebels, for I am sure they will never
carry it out of the Union, and will cause you no
more blood and treasure in preserving it in its
true relations.
Do you say this would be dangerous? Ex-
perience does not so teach. In many of these
States negroes once voted, and no harm came
of it. Down as late as 1828, in the State of Ten-
nessee, they voted and elected a member of Con-
gress. By every one who would exclude these
colored men from voting should be remembered
the words of Jefferson :
" With what execration should the statesman bo
loaded, who, permitting one half the citizens thus to
trample on the rights of tho other, transforms those
into despots and these into enemies; destroys, the
morals of one part and the patriotism of the other."
Mr. President, I have thus far but stated
some of the general considerations which should
govern us in our conclusions on this great ques-
tion. I might follow outits details, and I think
they would be found equally interesting and
conclusive. I might notice, and I think suc-
cessfully resist, the objections to it, and I might,
point out the means and method by which prac-
tically this grand result may be reached ; but I
must content myself by saying I will labor and
toil for it in every practical way,_ and with
earnest hope and faith that it will in time be
reached.
Mr. President, if we are true, steadfast, earn-
est seekers of the right path, we shall find and
pursn e it. The difficulties which now surround
us will vanish or be overcome; and as during
these years of civil commotion and convulsions
of the political elements, and the rockings of
the very foundations of your Government, the
dome of your Capitol has risen steadily and
majestically upward, till it now stands finished
in all its beautiful proportions, neither ^ affected
by the expansion of " summer's heat ' or the
contraction of "winter's cold,'' nor shaken by
the tempest's gust, so shall your Government
rise from the "conflicting elements around it
till, surmounted at last with a statue cut from
the same precious stone on which its founda-
tions rest—the equality of all men—it shall draw
the admiring nations toward it, exclaiming,
" How beautiful are thy tabernacles!''
Sir, if a stranger had como to yonder ro-
tunda a month ago and turned his face upward
to look on Ike eye of the dome, he would have
seen nothing but a rough scaffolding of boards
and timbers, and known nothing of the glories
of art beyond. If that same stranger should
come now and look into the same eye of the
dome, he would find the rough scaffolding gone,
and hehold beyond in beautiful stuccos the mys-
tic dance of these United States surrounded
by Agriculture and Manufactures, Commerce
and the Arts. And so, sir, when shall be with-
drawn the rough scaffolding of strife and dis-
cord, we shall again behold all these States
restored and united. And there shall be no
more war, but agriculture and manufactures,
commerce and the arts, education and Chris-
tianity, not in picture, but in effulgent real-
ity, shall shed a glory over them hitherto un-
equaled.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President 
Mr. HENDRICKS. With the consent of the
Senator from Oregon, I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 14, 180C.
The House metattwelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyntox.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
quarantine at ntiw york.
Mr. DARLING. I ask unanimous consent
at this time to consider a joint resolution author-
izing the Secretary of War and the Secretary
of the Navy to place at the disposal of the com-
missioners of quarantine at the port of New
York such hulks and vessels as they have no
use for. It is in anticipation of the cholera.
No objection was made.
Mr. WASHBUIINE, of Illinois. I send to
the Clerk's table the joint resolution which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce, with
certain amendments, which the committee unan-
imously recommend, in the nature of a substi-
tute.
The substitute was read, as follows:
TU; it resolved by the Senate andllmi.se of Rcpresenta-
then, if-c.. That the Secretary of War and the Secre-
tary of the Navy be, and they are hereby, respectively
authorized in their discretion to place gratuitously at
the disposal of the commissioners of quarantine, or
the pioiier authorities, to be used by them tempo-
rarily for quarantine purposes, sueh vessels or hulks
belonging to the United State-: as are not requiredfor
oilier nseot • :i■■ national Government, subject to such
restrictions and regulations as thcsaidSecrelariesmay
respeetn ely deem necessary to impose for the preser-
vation thereof.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time ; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. WASIIBIIRNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vole by which the joint reso-
lution was passed; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
petition of citizens of alabama.
Mr. BOUTWELL, by unanimous consent,
presented a memorial of people of Alabama;
which was referred to the committee on recon-
struction, and ordered to be printed.
national bureau 01' education.
Mr. GARFIELD, by unanimous consent,
presented the memorial of the convention of
school superintendents lately held in this city,
asking the establishment of a national Bureau
of Education.
Mr. GARFIELD also, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill, which accompanied
the above-mentioned memorial, to establish a
national Bureau of Education ; which was read
a first and second time.
The bill, with the memorial, was referred, 0 
motion of Mr. Garfield, to a select committee
of seven, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
banking! law.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, by unan-
imous consent, submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, andagreedto:
Resolved, That the Committee on Currency and
Banking bo instructed to consider the expediency of
amending the bankrupt act, so that interest-bearing
legal-tonder notes shallnot bo included as part of the
lawful money required to be held by national banks
for the redemption of their liabilities.
pension law.
Mr. MILLER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill supplementary to an act to grant
pensions, approved July 14,1862 ; which was
read a first and second time, andreferred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
agricultural report.
Mr. MILLER. I ask unanimous consent of
the House to offer the following resolution:
Whereas the Agricultural Kcportshavobeen so ably
conductcd, and the subject-matter therein contained
deemed very valuablo by the faming community and
others, that the number of copies heretofore printed
are inadequate to meetthoincreasingdemand: There-
fore,
Resolved, That tlireehundred thousand extra copies
be, and are hereby, ordered to be printed for each of
the yoars 1863, 1864, and 1865, (including the extra
copies heretofore ordered,) the same to be for tho
use of the members of this House for distribution.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I must cer-
tainly object to that resolution in any shape.
Mr. DAWES. I would like the permission
of the gentleman from Illinois to make an in-
quiryin reference to this matter.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman has my permission.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to know if any
response has been received to a resolution
passed by the House with reference to tho
expenditures of the Agricultural Department?
Mr. MOULTON. I am opposed to the
resolution as it now stands. It seems to me
that it should be in the nature of an inquiry.
I wish to say that some three weeks ago a res-
olution was submitted by me in reference to the
condition of the Agricultural Bureau. No
information has been received upon that sub-
ject, and I hope the resolution will not pass
in fhe form it now is or until we receive that
information.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to call attention to
a defect in the resolution.
Mr. SPALDING. I object to the resolution.
tax on tobacco.
Mr. SCHENCK, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted thofollowingresolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of "Ways and Means
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of amend-
ing the law imposing a tax on tobacco, so as to grad-
uate such tax with reference to the relative value of
cigars, or other manufactured forms of fhe article, or
to make the same an advatorcm tax, and t bus to equal-
ize and apportion the burden and the protection
more equitably and justly s and that the committee
report by bill orotherwise.
organization op the pension office.
Mr. EGGLESTON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to amend the several acts re-
lating to the organization of the Pension Office;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
order of business.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois, called for the
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of the contested-elec-
tion case from tho State of Michigan.
Mr. SC0F1ELD. I would like to inquire
of the Chair, if I allow this case to go over
until after the morning hour, whether any busi-
ness can arise during the morning hour that will
take precedence of it?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot deft,
nitely answer the inquiry of the gentleman, be-
cause during the morning hour the House may
go into Committee of the Whole_ on some spe-
cial order, in which case the election case woulu
