1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2859
Myers, is unavoidably absent from the House
and is paired with my colleague, Mr. Johnson.
Before the vote was announced,
Mr*. ltlTTER said: I was absent during the
roll-call. If I had been present I should have
voted in the negative.
The result of this vote having been announced
as above recorded,
Mr. STILWELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that they had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled an act (H.
R. No. 568)"to repeal section twenty-three of
chapter seventy-nine of the acts of the third
session of the Thirty-Seventh Congress, relat-
ing to passports, when the Speaker signed the
same.
NATIONAL VOLUNTEER ARMY.
Mr. JULIAN submitted the following res-
olution, upon which he called the previous
question:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of pro-
viding a national military force in lieu of a regular
or standing army, to consist of volunteer regiments
mustered into the United States service for three
years, and raised and organized by the different
States in proportion to their population, said com-
mittee to report by bill or otherwise.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the oper-
ation thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONFISCATED COTTON.
Mr. BROMWELL submitted the following
resolution, upon which he called the previous
question:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
bo. requested to cause to be laid before this House
statements showing the amount of cotton in bales,
and the value thereof, which was in the hands of the
military authorities at the time of the cessation ot I
hostilities as captured or forfeited cotton, together |
with all cotton which has sinee come into the hands j
of the United States authorities as property oi the |
late so-called confederate States: also the amount
of all cotton in any wise coming into the hands of the
Federal authorities during the war, and under tho
care of what officers, and the disposition which has
been made of such cotton in each State, both dur-
ing and since the late war, how sold, to whom and by
whom, and on what commission and for what price.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
REPRESENTATIVES FR01I TENNESSEE.
Mr. ROSS submitted the following resolu-
tion, upon which he called the previous ques-
tion:
Resolved, That the committee on reconstruction be
relieved and discharged trom the further considera-
tion of the application of Horace Maynard for a seat
in this House, and that all papers upon the subject be
referred to the Committee of Elections.
The SPEAKER. The application of Hor-
ace Maynard is not now before the joint com-
mittee on reconstruction. The committee made
a report in relation to Representatives from
Tennessee, which report was ordered to be
printed and recommitted. A motion was made
to reconsider the recommitment, which leaves
the matter still pending before the House mid
not before the committee.
Mr. ROSS. Then I will modify my resolu-
tion so as to have it embrace all the delegation
fiom Tennessee.
The SPEAKER. They are all in the same
condition. The subject of the delegation from
Tennessee is not before the committee on re-
construction j it is in the House on a motion to
reconsider the recommitment, which motion is
now pending and can be called up for consid-
eration at any time when the House is not
engaged upon anv other business.
Mr! ROSS, tfill i
it be in order for me to
modify my resolution so as to refer the papers
relating to the Representatives from Tennes-
see to the Committee of Elections ?
The SPEAKER. Those papers are con-
nected with the motion to reconsider. The
resolution of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Ross] is therefore not now in order.
GOVERNMENT SALE AND PURCHASE OP GOLD.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution, upon which he called the
previous question:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to report to this House how much gold be-
longing to the Government of the United States has
been sold sinee thefirst day of January, 1865, the date
and amount, by whom sold, the compensation allowed
for sueh sales, and the premium received; also
whether any gold has been bought for the Treasury
since that date, and if so, the amounts and dates of
sueh purchases, the amount of premium paid and
who acted as agents in making such purchases; also
whether any bonds of the United States have been
bought forthe Treasury since thatdate, the dates and
amounts of such purchases, the amounts paid for the
same, and the character and denomination of said
bonds.
Mr. CHANLER. I object; that is a call
for executive information.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Then I give notice
that after the expiration of the morning hour
I shall move a suspension of the rules in order
to offer this resolution.
DISTRICT PENITENTIARY.
Mr. PAINE introduced a bill to authorize
the construction of a penitentiary, jail, and
house of correction in the District of Colum-
bia ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
NATIONAL CURRENCY.
Mr. DONNELLY introduced a bill to
amend section forty-one of an act to provide
a national currency, &e., approved June 3,
1804 ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Banking and
Currency, and ordered to be printed.
AIU-LINE RAILROAD TO NliW YORK.
Mr. WINDOM submitted the following
resolution, upon which he called the previous
question:
Whereas the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Com-
pany are entirely incompetent or unwilling to affoi d
the necossarv facilities to the traveling and business
public; and whereas the public have long enough
endured the extortions and annoyances imposed by
said company: Therefore,
Resolved, That the eommitteeon military and pos-
tal railroad from Washington to New York have
leave to report at any time.
The SPEAKER. It requires unanimous
consent to give a committee leave to report at
any time.
Mr. PHELPS. I object.
ARCIIING TIBER CREEK, WASHINGTON.
Mr. LATHAM introduced a joint resolution
to provide for completing the arch of Tiber
creek through the grounds of the United States
Botanical Garden, in Washington city; which
was road a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds.
EIGIIT-ItOUR SYSTEM OF LABOR.
Mr. WHALEY submitted the following reso-
lution, on which he demanded the previous
question;
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing be re-
quested to report a bill limiting the hours of labor
for the employes in tho Government Printing Othee
to eight hours a day.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The resolution was not agreed to; there being
—ayes eight, noes not counted.
Mr. UPSON moved to reconsider tho vote
by which the nouse refused to agree to the
resolution; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TAX ON NOTES 01? STATE BANKS.
Mr. LYNCH, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented, from the Committee on Banking and
Currencv, a report stating that the committee
having had under consideration the resolution
passed by the House on the 21st instant direct-
ing them to inquire into the expediency of
exempting the currency of State banks out-
standing on the 1st day of July next from the
tax of ten per cent, now provided by law until
the 1st day of July, 1867, or until some day
previous thereto, had concluded to report the
same back adversely, deeming it inexpedient
to change the existing law upon the subject.
The SPEAKER. The committee will be
discharged from the further consideration of
this subject, and the report will be laid on the
table.
Mr. LYNCH, by unanimous consent, from
the same committee, reported adversely upon
the petition of certain banks in Maine, asking
for the repeal or modification of the ten per
ccnt. tax on their issues; which was laid on
the table.
leave of absence.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. The gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Cook,] my colleague on
the select committee upon the conduct of the
Provost Marshal General's Bureau, is engaged
in taking testimony connected with that inves-
tigation. I ask, therefore, that he may have
leave to be absent during the sittings of the
House.
Leave was granted.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. For-
ney, its Secretary, announced that the Senate
had insisted on its amendments disagreed to
by the House to the bill (H. R. No. 303) en-
titled "An act supplementary to the several
acts relating to pensions," and had appointed
Messrs. Lane of Indiana, Van Winkle, and
Davis a committee of conference on the part
of the Senate.
The message also informed the House that
the Senate had passed bills of the following
I titles, in which he was directed to ask the con-
currence of the House:
An act (S. No. 339) granting a pension to
Benjamin Franklin; and
An act (S. No. 223) to revive and extend
the provisions of an act granting the right
of way and making a grant of land to the
States of Arkansas and Missouri to aid in the
construction of a railroad from a point upon
the Mississippi opposite the mouth of the
Ohio river, via Little Rook, to the Texas bound
ary, near Fulton, in Arkansas, with branches to
Fort Smith and the Mississippi river, approved
February 9, 1853, and for other purposes.
contested election.
Mr. DAWES presented papers in relation
to the contested election of Boyd vs. Kelso;
which were referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions.
tax bill.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Dawes in the chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of the special order, being a bill of the
House (No. 513) to amend an act entitled "An
act to provide internal revenue to support the
Government, to pay interest on the public debt,
and for other purposes," approved June 30,
1861, and acts amendatory thereof.
The pending question was upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Morkw, as amended demotion of
Mr. Washburn, of Massachusetts, to insert after
section sixty-five the following as a new sec-
tion :
And ie it further enacted. That from and after the
passage of this act corn-shellers and woodun ware
shall be exempt from internal tax or duty.
Mr. MORRIS. With the consent of xhe
committee, I propose to modify my amend-
ment by inserting the words a corn-shellers,
wooden ware" after the word k £ separators'1
