2080
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28}
in the amendment on page 135, embracing
mowers, reapers, and threshing-machines. I
understand the Committee of Ways and Means
consent to this.
Mr. MORRILL. I have no objection, pro-
vided the words " corn-shellers" be inserted
after " threshing-machines" on page 89. I
desire that all these may share the same fate.
Mr. MORRIS. I consent to that.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 66, And be it further enacted, That this act shall
take effect, where not otherwise provided, on the
1st day of July, 1866, and all provisions of any former
act inconsistent with the provisions of this aot are
hereby repealed: Provide a, hoxvever. That no duty
imposed by any previous act, which has become due
or of which return has been or ought to be made,
shall be remitted or released by this aet, but the
game shall be collcctcd and paid, and all fines and
penalties heretofore incurred shall be enforced and
collected, and all offenses heretofore committed shall
bo punished as if this act had not been passed; and
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, under the
direction of the Secretary of tho Treasury, is author-
ized to make all necessary regulations ana prescribe
all necessary forms and proceedings for the collection
of such taxes .and tho enforcement of such fines and
penalties for the execution of tho provisions of this
act.
Mr. THAYER. I move to insert after the
word "be," page 191, line eight, the word
" assessed."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ANCOjSTA. I move to go back and
amend on page 58, line twelve hundred and
twenty-two, after the word "annually," by
inserting "exclusive of materials."
Mr. MORRILL. I must object to going back.
Mr. ALLISON". I now call up an amend-
ment which was reserved:
Pago 31, section thirty, strike out from line five
hundred find thirty-nine to line six hundred and fifty-
six, and insert in lieu thereof as follows:
That section thirty bo amended by striking out all
after the enacting ciaso and inserting in lieu thereof
the following: that in any case where sufficient goods
or effects belonging to the party owing the tax and
duties imposed by this act cannot be found by tho
.said collector or deput3f collector to satisfy the same,
such collector or deputy collector is hereby author-
ized and required to collect the amount thereof from
the real estate belonging to the party delinquent by
seizure and sale thereof as hereinafter provided; and
for that purpose the said collector or deputy col-
lector shall summon the party whose real estate is
proposed to be sold that on the first day of the next
ensuing term of the United States district or circuit
court, held in and foi tho distiict in which the real
estate proposed to be sold, or the greater part thereof,
is situated, that he be and appear before said court and
the judge thereof, and show cause, if any he have,
why judgment for the amount of said tax and duties
should not be rendered against him, and the real
estate there named sold to pay the same, together
with the fees and costs growing out of the saicl pro-
ceedings. The said summons shall recite the amount
of the tax and duties, at what time the same became
due and payable, together with a description of the
real estate seized and proposed tu be sold, and where
situate, and shall be served by leaving a copy thereof
with the delinquent, or at his usual place of abode
with sonic member of his or her family over the age
of fifteen years. If the said delinquent cannot be
found, nor have any place of abode within the proper
collection district, then the said collector or deputy
collector shall cause publication thereot to be made
by at least four insertions in a newspaper published
nearest the said real estate. The said collector or
deputy collector shall, within five days after the
service of the summons, or the completion of the
publication thereof as aforesaid, transmit the same,
with the time and manner of the service thereof
properly certified thereon, to the clerk of the said
district or circuit court, and upon the receipt thereof
the said court shall be possessed of tho case, and,
unless cause to the contrary be shown by said delin-
quent, shall render judgment against the said delin-
quent i'or the amount of the tax and duties found
duo by him and unpaid, and decrce the sale of said
real estate for the payment thereof at the first term
of said couit, provided the same shall commence
not less than twenty days from the service of the sum-
mons or the completion of the publication thereof;
otherwise, at the second term, unless longer con-
tinued for good cause shown. Upon the rendition
of a judgment as aforesaid, the clerk of the said court
shall issue execution thereon, which shall be a spe-
cial fieri fncia-s against the real estate therein men-
tioned in all cases when the delinquent shall have
been summoned by publication as aforesaid, and has
not appeared in person or "by attorney; in all other
cases, if the real estate mentioned therein be not suf-
ficient to satisfy tho judgment and expenses thereon,
the same may be levied on other property, real and
personal, of said delinquent, The execution so issued
the clerk shall transmit to the said collector or dep-
uty collector, who shall thereupon proceed to sell the
said real estate, or so much thereof.' may be neces-
sary to pay the said judgmout, fees, and costs, to the
highest bidder for cash, at the couvt-houso of tho
county in which the said real estate is situate, unless
another and different place shall be specially desig-
nated by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
first giving twenty days' publicnotice of the time and
place of sale, and the property to be sold, and where
situate, by advertisement in a newspaper, if there be
one published in said county, and if not, by at least
six hand-bills, put up in public places in said county;
and upon such sale and the payment of the purchase
money shall give to the purchaser a certificate of pur-
chase, which shall set forth the real estate purchased,
for whose taxes and duties the same was sold, the
name of the purchaser, and the price paid therefor;
and if the said real estate be not redeemed in the
manner and within the time hereinafter provided,
then the said collector or deputy collector shall exe-
cute to the said purchaser, upon his surrender of said
certificate, a deed to the real estate purchased by him
as aforesaid, and in accordance with the laws of the
State in which such real estate is situate, upon the
subject of sales of roal estate under execution, which
said deed shall be prima facie evidence of the facte
therein stated, and shall be considered and operate
as a conveyance of all the right, title, and interest
the party delinquent had in and to the real estate
thus sold at the time the lien of the United States
attached thereto. Any delinquent, whose estate may
be proceeded against as aforesaid, shall have the
right to pay the amount duo, together with the costs
and charges thereon, to the collector or deputy col-
lector at any time prior to the sale thereof, and all
further proceedings shall cease from the time of such
payment. The owners of any real estate, sold as
aforesaid, their heirs, executors, or administrators,
or any person having any interest therein or a lien
thereon, or any person in their behalf shall bo per-
mitted to redeem the land sold as aforesaid, or any
particular tract thereof, at any time within one year
after the sale thereof upon payment to the purcha-
ser. or, in case he cannot be found in the county in
which the land sought to be redeemed is situate, then
to the collector, for the use of the purchaser, his heirs
or assigns, tho amount paid by the said purchaser
and interest thereon at the rate of twenty per cent,
per annum. It shall be the duty of every collector
to keep a record of all proceedings and sales of land
made by virtue of this act, whether by himself or his
deputies, in which he shall enter the tax for which
any such sale was made, the date of the service of
the summons, the name of the party assessed, and
the date thereof, the date and amount of the judg-
ment, and all costs and fees attending the same, the
advertisement and sale, the name ol the purchaser,
the amount paid, and for what real estate, and all
material facts connected therewith, which record
shall be certified to by the officer making tho sale.
It shall be the duty of every deputy making sale as
aforesaid to return a true statement thereof to the
collector within ten days from the day of sale and to
certify the record thereof, and the record required
herein to be kept shall be received in any couit as
•prima facie evidence of the facts therein stated, and
shall be by the said collector handed over to his suc-
cessor in office. When any lands thus sold shall be
redeemed as hereinbefore provided, if tho redemp-
tion money be paid to thepurchaser thereof, the said
purchaser shall deliver to the person redeeming the
same the certificate of purchase aforesaid, upon
which he shall acknowledge the receipt of the re-
demption money, from whom received, and the date
thereof. Upon the return of the said certificate re-
ceipted as aforesaid to the collector, or upon the
receipt of the redemption money by the collector as
aforesaid, the said collector shall enter upon said
record the facts attending the redemption thereof,
and shall within ten days thereafter make out and
certify a full copy of the rccord o£sueh case, and
transmit the same, together with the execution afore-
said, to the clerk of the court from which such exe-
cution issued, to he there preserved with the papers
of the case. Any collector or deputy collector is
hereby authorized to proceed as herein specified
against the real estate of any delinquent in his dis-
trict, situate in any other collection district within
the State of which his district forms a part, and his
proceedings in relation thereto shall be conducted in
like manner and with like effect as if tho same were
had in his proper collection district. "Whenever at
any sale as aforesaid, no sum is bid for thercal estate
so offered for sale, or an amount insufficient to satisfy
the judgement, costs, and fees, the collector or deputy
collcctor is authorized to purchase tho same for the
United States, subject to redemption as herein pro-
vided ; and if not redeemed, shall cxeeute a deed as
aforesaid, and deposit the same with the district attor-
ney of the United States for the district in which the
proceedings in the case were had. The sale herein au-
thorized may be adjourned by the officer making tho
same for a period not exceeding five days, if he shall
think it advisable to do so. The officer making the
sale as aforesaid shall be allowed a fee of ten dollars,
which, together with the costs of court and ail other
costs and charges attendingthesale,shallbcpaidfrom
the proceeds of such sale; and thesurplus, if any,
after satisfying tho judgment, shall be disposed of as
is provided in this act for like cases arising from tho
sale of personal property. In case the real estate
authorized to be sold as aforesaid shall consist of sev-
eral distinct tracts or parcels, the officer making sale
thereof shall offer each tract or parcel for sale sepa-
rately, and shall give to tho purchaser a certificate
of purchase for each of such tracts or parcels bought
by him as aforesaid. If the amount bid for any tra^t
authorized to besold shall notthen and there be paid
by the person to whom the same is sold, the officer
shall forthwith sell the same again, in the same man-
ner and until the amount for which the same may be
sold is paid, and the claim of the United States to
lands sold under and by virtue of this section shall
he held to have accrued at tho time of the seizure
thereof.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. DUMONT. I move the following to
come in as an additional section:
And be it further enacted, That it shall bo tho duty
of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue to have
this act and the acts to which it is amendatory pub-
lished in at least one German newspaper in each of
the States of the Union where such paper may bo
published.
The amendment w^s agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Page 98, before lin e twenty-two hundred and twenty-
two, insert:
Provided, That any person who shall offer or ex-
pose for sale any cigars, cheroots, or cigarettes,
whethcrthe articles so offered or exposed arcimported
or are of foreign or domestic manufacture, shall be
deemed the manufacturer thereof, and shall be sub-
ject to all the duties, liabilities, and penalties imposed
by law in regard to the sale of domestic articles with-
ouithe use of the proper stamp or stamps denoting:
the duty or tax paid thereon. And the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue, with the approval of the-Sec-
retary of the Treasury, may prescribe such regula-
tions for the inspection and valuation of cigars, che-
roots, and cigarcttes, and the collection of ihe tax
thereon, as shall in his judgment be most effective
for the prevention of inequalities and frauds in the
payment of such tax: Provided. That such regula-
tions shall not be in violation of law. And in addi-
tion to other regulations it shall be the duty of the
inspector or asscssorwho appraises any cigars, cigar-
ettes, or cheroots, to examine the manufacturer
thereof or his agent, under oath, which oath shall be
administered by tho inspecting and appraising offi-
cer, and reduced to writing, and signed by such ma n-
ufacturer or his agent, with a view to ascertaining
whether such manufacturer has any interest, direct
or indirect, in any sale that has been made, or any
resale to be made of said cigars, cigarettes, or che-
roots, by the concealment of which he seeks to obtain
a false, fraudulent, or deceptive appraisement.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. MORRILL. Inadvertently, as the hill
now stands, there is an increase of duty on
apple and peach brandy. That was not the
intention of the committee ; and I propose to
amend as follows:
Page 161, section thirty-six, line twenty-two hun-
dred and twenty-two, after the word "paid,''insert,
"Provided, Thatbrandy distilled from grapes, apples,
and peaches shall be $150 per gallon: And provided
further
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I offer 'the following
amendment 
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I have
an amendment, to offer.
Mr. STEVENS. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massacshnseits. I move
to amend, on page 126, after line twenty-nine
hundred and three, by inserting the following:
That section one hundred and seventy of the act
to provide internal revenue to support the Govern-
ment, to pay interest on the public debt, and for
other purposes, approved June 00,1861, be amended
by adding th crcto the following:
Providpd*That for the purpose of making provis-
ion for the proper distribution of revenue stamps
upon the Pacific coast there shall be allowed to the
Assistant Treasurer at San Francisco a commission
of one per cent, upon all stamps received and sold
by him to agents or other parties to sell again.
Mr. STEVEN'S. I would like to under-
stand 
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The committee do
not understand it. I desire to know whether
that is 
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is out of order.
The Clerk will report the amendment again.
The Clerk read the amendment.
The question being taken, there were six
votes in the affirmative.
Mr. BID WELL demanded tellers; and the
Chair appointed Messrs. Bidwell. and Spal-
ding.
The House divided j andthe tellers reported
—ayes four, noes not counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the committee
rise and report the bill to the House.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I desire to offer an
amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. I insist on my motion.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman has no right
to insist. I had tho floor and was offering an
amendment, but yielded to a member of the
committee, [Mr. Hoover.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understood
tho gentleman from Pennsylvania to withdraw
