3820
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
before exception to'them shall have been taken.
That is the rule of the House to-day, as it was
when the resolution was passed providing for
a select committee and referring this subject
to them for examination. The second resolu-
tion reported by the committee and which re-
lates to the words spoken by my colleague is
in direct conflict with that rule of the House.
Now, sir, could the House itself at this time
censure my colleague for words spoken o|i that
occasion? If we could not do it by original
act, can we do it on the basis of a resolution
reported by a committee which is a creature of
the House, the rule standing just as it existed
when the committee was raised? I have not
one precedent directly in point. There may
be some; but I have one which involves the
identical principle, if ny view of the force of
that report be correct. In the record of the
Thirty-Seventh Congress I find that on the
24th of April, 1862, a resolution was offered
by Mr. Hntchins in reference to words spoken
by Mr. Vallandigham. The subject came up
for consideration on the 25th of April, and I
find the following report of the proceedings
in volume forty-seven, page 1833, of the Con-
gressional Globe:
"The Speaker. The question pending when the
House adjourned was one of privilege, raised by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Hutchins,] against his
colleague, [Mr. Vallastdigham.] The following is
the resolution submitted to censure the gentleman
from Ohio for disorderly words spoken in debate in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union:
" Whereas Hon. C. L. Vallajtbighah, a member of
this House, of the State of Ohio, in Committee of the
Whole, made use of the following language concern-
ing Hon. B. F. Wade, a Senator in Congress:
"' Mr. Chairman, I have waited patiently for three
days for this the earliest occasion presented for a per-"
sonal explanation. In a speech delivered in this city
—not in this House—certainly not in the Senate—no
such speech could have been tolerated in an Ameri-
can Senate—I find the following:' * * * *
'"Xow, sir, here in my place in the House, and
as a Representative, I denounce—and 1 speak it
advisedly—the author of that speech as a liar, a
Ffonndrel, and a coward. His name is Bkxjamtx
1?. Wade.'
"And whereas said remarks are a violation of the
rules of this House and a breach of its decorum, and
deserve the censure of the House: Therefore,
"Resolved, That C. L.Vallaxdigham, for said vio-
lation of the rules of the House and its decorum, is
deserving of censure, and is hereby censured.
" On that resolution the question of order is made
that under the express language of the sixty-second
i ulc of the House the gentleman from Ohio could not
now beheld to answer, or be subject to the censure of
the House, for the words spokqp, another member
having spoken and other business having intervened
before exception to them was taken, and that conse-
quently the preamble and the resolution could not
be entertained by the House. The Chair will have
read the sixty-second rule, and a paragraph from the
Manual.
"The Clerk read, as follows:
"' If a member be called to order for words spoken
in debate, the person calling him to order shallreport
ihe words excepted to, and they shall be taken down
in writing at the Clerk's table; and no member shall
5>e held to answer, or be subject to the censure of the
House, for words spoken in debate, if any other mem-
ber has spoken, or other business has intervened,
after the words spoken, and before exception to them
shall h ave been taken.'—Sixty-Second Rule.
Disorderly words spoken in a committee must be
written down as in the House, but the committee can
only report them to the House for animadversion.'—
Manual, page T7.
" The Speaker. The Chair decides, the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Hutchins] in his resolution not hav-
ing complied with either the rule of the House or the
provision of parliamentary law, that therefore the
point of order is well taken."
Consequently the resolution was not consid-
ered. Now, I will state the difference between
that ease and this. This case was referred to
a committee and that case was presented by
resolution to the House. The Chair ruled that
the House itself could not entertain that res-
olution because another member had spoken
after the use of the words by Mr. Vallandigham
and the introduction of the resolution. In this
case the resolution was sent to a committee
for investigation, and it is now claimed by the
committee that that gave them jurisdiction of
the branch of the case upon which they report
the second resolution.
But in regard to that I wish to call the at-
tention of the Chair to the language of the pre-
amble and resolution which gave jurisdiction
to the committee:
"Whereas itis alleged in thepublic pres3that Hon.
IjOVell H. Rousseau, a member of this House from
the State of Kentucky, did, on the evening of Thurs-
day, the 14th instant, commit an assault upon the per-
son of Hon. J. B. Grixnell, a member of this House
from the State of Iowa, because of words spoken in
debate in this House bytho latter; and whereas said
assault, if committed, was a breach of the privileges
of this House and of tliememberassaulted: Therefore,
"Resolved, That a select committee of five be ap-
pointed by the Speaker to investigate the subject and
report the facts"—
Investigate what subject and reportwhat
facts ? Investigate the subject specified in the
preamble, which was the assault by the mem-
ber from Kentucky upon tlie member from
Iowa, and report the facts in relation to the
assault—
"with such resolutions in reference thereto as, in
their judgment, may be proper and necessary for the
vindication of the privileges of the House and the
protection of its members, and that said committee
have power to send for persons and papers, and to
examine witnesses on oath."
Now, let it be observed tliat if the committee,
in their investigation of this case, had arrived
at the conclusion that some additional rule was
necessary for the protection of members of
Congress-against the use of words such as were
attributed to the member from Iowa, and had
reported a rule for that purpose, they doubt-
less would have exceeded the jurisdiction con-
ferred upon them. But that is not what they
have done. They permit the rule to stand
without modification, and they propose a cen-
sure of the member from Iowa. It may be
said that this resolution is not one of censure,
that it is merely a resolution of disapproval.
But I apprehend that no member will con-
clude, upon an examination of the resolution,
that it is anything other than a censure, if
adopted by this House. Therefore it comes
within the second clause of the sixty-second
rule, which declares that a member shall not
be subject to censure if any other business has
intervened between the speaking of the words
and-the notice of themby the House. These,
Mr. Speaker, are the considerations which have
presented themselves to me in relation to this
case.
Mr. GARFIELD. I would like to ask the
gentleman from Towa a question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
cannot yield for a question in stating a point
of order. The Chair has indulged the gentle-
man from Iowa to the full extent on the point,
which is one of so grave importance. He has
examined the authorities, the construction of
the rule, and its history, and he has no doubt
as to his decision.
Mr. JOHNSON. I would like to make a
single suggestion.
The SPEAKER. It is not a subject for
debate, but after the decision is made it will
be open to appeal.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is but a suggestion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair prefers to make
his decision, after which any gentleman may
take an appeal. The point raised by the gen-
tleman involves in the first place the rules of
debate and the manner of calling to order,
and secondly the authority of the committee
under instruction of the House.
The sixty-first rule, first read by the gentle-
man, was adopted, except that part in italics,
by the first Congress under the Constitution,
April 27, 1789. The sixty-second rale, upon
which he mainly relies, is in the precise words
in which it was originally introduced by John
Q. Adams. The history of the sixty-second
rule may perhaps show the reason for its intro-
duction.
In 1832, Andrew Stevenson being Speaker,
Mr. Stanberry, of Ohio, in the course of de-
bate, denounced the Speaker for his political
course in severe language. The chair was then
occupied temporarily by James K. Polk, who
was afterward Speaker. No notice was taken
by the Speaker pro tempore or by any member
of that denunciation until after the speech of
Mr. Stanberry had been concluded, when excep-
tions were taken to it. The next day a motion
was made to censure the member for denoun-
cing the Speaker, which was regarded as con-
temrit of the House. After a long debate that
motion prevailed by a large majority. But in
the course of the debate there was a qitestion
raised as to what were the exact words used
by the member in debate. There was then no
Congressional Globe, nothing but Gales & Sea-
ton's Register of the debates, which was not a
verbatim report. To settle the question, how-
ever, Mr. Stanberry repeated and reaffirmed
the language. The next day John Quincy
Adams offered this rule, which was immedi-
ately laid on the table. Five years afterward
it was taken up and adopted, and has since
formed a part of our parliamentary law.
There are two ways to call to order. First,
for irrelevant debate. That simply draws the
member back to the subject. Second, for dis-
orderly language, transgression of the rules of
the House, or indecorum of any kind. The
sixty-second rule applies precisely to that.
The Chair will read it. Before that, however,
the Chair will read the sixty-first rule:
"If any member, in speaking or otherwise, transgress
the rules of the House, the Speaker shall, or any
member may, call to order: in which case the mem-
ber so callcd to order shall immediately sit down,
unless permitted to explain."
Under this, the oldest, rule, the primary
responsibility of "calling to order seemed to be
devolved upon the Speaker, but under the
sixty-second rule, and this has been the usage
since its adoption, the primary responsibility
of calling to order devolves upon the members
of the House, as will be seen :
" If a member be called to order for words spoken in
debate, theperson calling him to order shall repeat the
words excepted to, and they shall be taken down in
writing at the Clerk's table, ;hk1 no member shall be
held to answer, or be subject to the censure of the
House, for words spoken in debate, if any other mem-
ber has spoken, or other business has intervened,
after the words spoken, and before exception to them
shall have been taken."
The inference is plain that some member
calls to order, andthe Speaker then rules upon
the point. In "personal" explanations, which
every Speaker dislikes, out of which grow so
much of the trouble, discord, and strife there
is in Congress, the Speaker is the only mem-
ber who is not asked to give his consent to it.
It is the unanimous consent of the other mem-
bers of the House that is required. It is gen-
erally understood that the member who asks
this consent intends to make some "personal"
remarks in review of remarks made in Con-
gress, in the press, or elsewhere, in which he
claims to have been misrepresented. And
the uniform usage of Speakers has been, with
scarcely a single exception, searching far back
in our parliamentary history, that when the
House grants unanimous consent for a mem-
ber to make "a personal explanation,'' the
Speaker, who does not give his consent, whose
consent is not asked, waits until some mem-
ber rises to a question of order, when he
promptly decides it. There have been very
few exceptions, which, indeed, only prove the
general rule. One was by the present occu-
pant of the chair, upon the occasion involved
in this report, who, after the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Grixxell] had been twice called
to order by members on the floor, and the
points had been sustained, stated that if this
line of remark was continued, he should him-
self check him, and did so.
This sixty-second rule is divided in the mid-
dle by a semicolon, and the Chair asks the
attention of the gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Wilson*] to the language of that rule, as it
settles the whole question:
"62. Ifamcmberbecalledtoorderforwordsspoken
in debate, the person calling him to order shall repeat
the words excepted to"—
That is, the " calling to order " is " except-
ing" to words spoken in debate—•
"and they shall be taken down in writing at the Clerk's
table; and no member shall be held to answer, or be
subject to the censure of the House, for words spoken
in debate, if any other member lias spoken, or other
business lias intervened, after the words spoken, and
before exception to them Shall have been taken."
The first part of this rule declares that "call-
ing to order" is " exceptingto words spokenin
debate." The second part of the rule declares
that a member shall not be held subject to cen-
