420
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 28,
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
be so marked, such vessel shall be no longer
recognized as a vessel of the United States.
The said Director skill also prepare an annual
statement of all merchandise passing in transit
through the United States to foreign countries,
each description of merchandise, so far as
practicable, \varehoused, withdrawn from ware-
house for consumption, for exportation, for
transportation to other districts, and remain-
ing in the warehouse at the end of each fiscal
year. -It shall be the further duty of said
Director to collect, digest, and arrange, for
the use of Congress, the statistics of the manu-
factures of the United States, their localities,
sources of raw material, markets, exchanges
with the producing regions of the country,
transportation of products, wages, and such
other conditions as are found to affect their
prosperity; and to aid him in the discharge
of these duties, the several clerks now em-
ployed in the preparation of statistics in the
Treasury Department, or any bureau thereof,
may be placed under his supervision and direc-
tion ; and, in addition, the Secretary of the
Treasury shall detail such other clerks as may
be necessary to fully carry out the provisions
of this act. And the expenses of the Bureau
of Statistics for clerical service, publication of
reports, stationery, books, and statistical pe-
riodicals and papers required by the bureau,
shall be defrayed on the order and approval
of the Secretary of the Treasury, out of any
moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated. And all letters and documents to
and from the Director of the Bureau of Statis-
tics, relating to the duties and business of his
office, shall be transmitted by mail free of
postage.
.Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of the Treasury be authorized to
suspend the collection, in any of the States
heretofore declared in insurrection, of the
direct tax imposed by an act of Congress
passed August fifth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-one, entitled "An act to provide in-
creased revenue from imports, to pay interest
on the public debt, and for other purposes,"
until January first, eighteen hundred and
sixty-eight.
Approved, July 28, 1866.
Chap. CCXCIX.—An Act to increase and fix
the Military Peace Establishment of the
United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the military peace
establishment of the United States shall here-
after consist of five regiments of artillery, ten
regiments of cavalry, forty-five regiments of
infantry, the professors and corps of cadets of
the United States Military Academy, and such
other forces as shall be provided for by this
act, to be known as the Army of the United
States.
Sec. 2. And be it further macted, That the
five regiments of artillery provided for by this
act shall consist of the five regiments now
organized; and the first, second, third, and
fou rth regiments of artillery shall have the same
organization as is now prescribed by law for
the fifth regiment of artillery; but the regi-
mental adjutants, quartermasters, and com-
missaries shall hereafter be extra lieutenants
selected from the first or second lieutenants of
the regiment.
Sue. 3. And be it further enacted, That to
the six regiments of cavalry now in service
there shall be added four regiments, two of
which shall be composed of colored men, hav-
ing the same organization as is now provided
by law for cavalry regiments, with the addition
of one veterinary surgeon to each regiment,
whose compensation shall be one hundred dol-
lars per month; butthe grade of company com-
missary sergeant of cavalry is hereby abolished.
The original vacancies in the grade of first and
second lieutenant shall be filled by selection
from among the officers and soldiers of volun-
teer cavalry, and two thirds of the original
vacancies in each of the grades above that of
first lieutenant shall be filled by selections from
among the officers of volunteer cavalry, and
one third from officers of the regular Army, all
of whom shall have served two years in the
field during the war, and have been distin-
guished for capacity and good conduct; any
portion of the cavalry force maybe armed and
drilled as infantry or dismounted cavalry at
the discretion of the President, and each cav-
alry regiment shall hereafter have but one
hospital steward, and the regimental adjutants,
quartermasters, and commissaries shall here-
after be extra lieutenants selected from the
first or second lieutenants of the regiment.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
forty-five regiments of infantry provided for
by this act shall consist of the first ten regi-
ments, of ten companies each, now in service;
of twenty-seven regiments, of ten companies
each, to be formed by adding two companies
to each battalion of the remaining nine regi-
ments ; and of eight new regiments, of ten
companies each, four regiments of which shall
be composed of colored men and four regi-
ments of ten companies each to be raised and
officered as hereinafter provided for, to be
called the Veteran Reserve corps ; and all the
original vacancies in the grades of first and
second lieutenant shall be filled by selection
from among the officers and soldiers of volun-
teers, and one half the original vacancies in
each of the grades above that of first lieuten-
ant, shall be filled by selection from among the
officers of volunteers, and the remainder from
officers of the regular Army, all of whom shall
have served two years during the war, and have
been distinguished for capacity and good con-
duct in the field. The Veteran Reserve corps
shall be officered by appointments from any
officers and soldiers of volunteers or of the
regular Army who have been wounded in the
line of their duty while serving in the Army of
the United States in the late war, and who may
yet be competent for garrison or other duty, to
which that corps has heretofore been assigned.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
appointments to be made from among volun-
teer officers and soldiers under the provisions
of this act shall be distributed among the
States, Territories, and District of Columbia, in
proportion to the number of troops furnished
by them respectively to the service of the Uni-
ted States during the late war, reduced to an
average of three years' term of service: Pro-
vided, That the regulation provided in this
section governing the proportion of officers
to be selected from each State, shall not be
applied to the States of California, Oregon,
and Nevada.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That each
regiment of infantry provided for by this act
shall have one colonel, one lieutenant colonel,
one major, one adjutant, one regimental quar-
termaster, one sergeant major, one quarter-
master sergeant, one commissary sergeant, one
hospital steward, two principal musicians, and
ten companies ; and the adjutant and quarter-
master shall hereafter be extra lieutenants
selected from the first or second lieutenants of
the regiment. Each company shall have one
captain, one first lieutenant and one second
lieutenant, one first sergeant, one quartermas-
ter sergeant, four sergeants, eight corporals,
two artificers, two musicians, one wagoner, and
fifty privates, and the number of privates may
I be increased at the discretion of the President,
i not to exceed one hundred, whenever the exi-
! geneiesoftheservice require such increase; and
the President is hereby authorized to enlist and
employ in the Territories and Indian country a
force of Indians, not to exceed one thousand,
to act as scouts, who shall receive the pay and
allowances of cavalry soldiers, and be dis-
charged whenever the necessity for their further
employment is abated, or at the discretion of
the department commander.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That fif-
teen bands, including the band at the Military
Academy, may be retained or enlisted in the
Army, with such organization as is now pro-
vided by law, to be assigned to brigades in time
of war, and in time of peace to assembled bri-
gades, or to forts or posts at which the largest
number of troops shall be ordinarily stationed,
and the band at the Military Academy shall be
placed on the same footing as other bands, one
ordnance sergeant and one hospital steward for
each military post, and the same number of
post chaplains as at present authorized, who
shall be appointed as now provided by law; and
the President of tKe United States is hereby
authorized to appoint for each national ceme-
tery now established, or that maybe established,
a superintendent, with the rank, pay, and emol-
uments of an ordnance sergeant, to be selected
from among the non-commissioned officers of
the regular Army and volunteer forces who have
received certificates of merit for services during
the war.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That all
enlistments into the Army shall hereafter be
for the term of five years for cavalry, and three
years for artillery and infantry, and recruits
may at all times be collected at the general
rendezvous in addition to the number required
to fill to the minimum all the regiments of the
Army, provided that such recruits shall not
exceed in the aggregate three thousand men.
It shall be competent to enlist men for the ser-
vice who have been wounded in the line of their
duty while serving in the Army of the United
States, provided it shall be found, on medical
inspection, that by such wounds they are not
unfitted for efficiency in garrison or other light
duty; and such men, when enlisted, shall be
assigned to service exclusively in the regiments
of the Veteran Reserve corps.
Sec. 0. And be it further enacted, That there
shall be one general, one lieutenant general,
five major generals, and ten brigadier generals,
who shall have the same pay and emoluments,
and be entitled to the same staff officers in num-
ber and grade as now provided by law.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That the
Adjutant General's department of the Army
shall hereafter consist of the officers now aut hor-
ized by law, viz: one adjutant general, with
the rank, pay, and emoluments of a brigadier
general; two assistant adjutants general, with
the rank, pay, and emoluments of colonels of
cavalry; four assistant adjutants general, with
the rank, pay, and emoluments of lieutenant
£olonels of cavalry; and thirteen assistant
adjutants general, with the rank, pay, and
emoluments of majors of cavalry.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That
there shall be four inspectors general of the
Army, with the rank, pay, and emoluments of
colonels of cavalry; threQ assistant inspectors
general, with the rank, pay, and emoluments
of lieutenant colonels of cavalry ; and two as-
sistant inspectors general, with the rank, pay,
and emoluments of majors of cavalry.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That the
Bureau of Military Justice shall hereafter con-
sist of one judge advocate general, with the
rank, pay, and emoluments of a brigadier gen-
eral, and one assistant judge advocate general,
with the rank, pay, and emoluments of a col-
onel of cavalry; and the said Judge Advocate
Generalshallreceive, revise, andhaverecorded,
the proceedings of ail courts-martial, courts of
inquiry, and military commissions, and shall
perform such other duties as have been hereto-
fore performed by the Judge Advocate General
of the Army. And of the judge advocates now
in office there may be retained a number not
exceeding ten, to be selected by the Secretary
of the W ar, who shall perform their duties under
