1866.
WE > CONGRESSIONAL GLOBI.
4001
in iny liandMiacelianeous Doeument No. 63,
of this session ;■ I do not propose to take up
the time pf tjie committee by going through the
whole- of it, but 1 will refer to ope or two items
in ij^to show the character of the service which
t^gse troops rendered.
•J Our position is this: we ask only to be reim-
bursed the money that we have actually saved
to the Federal Treasury. Our State filled, its
quota, as other States did, with United States
volunteers. And in addition we furnished from
seventy to eighty regiments of the militia of
the State to aid and assist the Federal com-
manders in the discharge of their duties in that
State.
I call the attention of the committee to page
11 of Miscellaneous Document No. 63, which
contains a statemept of the period of service
of these regiments. I will cite a few of the
regiments, without giving them all. The fourth
regiment, of ten companies, served fourteen
months, from April, 1803, to June. 1864; the
tenth regiment, of ten companies, served six-
teen months, from June, 1863, to October, 18C4;
the eleventh regiment, of ten companies, served
eighteen months, from April, 1863, to October,
18G4; the twenty-fifth regiment, of ten com-
panies, served nine months, from August, 1802,
to April, 1863; the twenty-sixth regiment, of
ten companies, served twenty-seven months,
from August; 1863, to November? 18G4; the
twenty-seventh ana twenty-eighth regiments,
of eleven and twelve companies respectively,
served twenty-eight months, from August, 1802,
to December, 1864 j and many of the other
regiments served from nine months to over
two years. These regiments were organized,
clothed, armed, subsisted, transported, and paid
by the State of Missouri, and rendered service
that was due from United States volunteers.
As to the character of this service, and how
it was esteemed by the military authorities in
Missouri, I refer to the following extract from
the report of the Senate committee, No. 107,
of the second session of the Thirty-Eighth
Congress:
"The enrolled militia were first called out in a
most pressing emergency, by tho commander of the
department- to supply deficiencies in the Federal
forees. They have been kept in. service after the
emergency passed to enable the commander of the
department to send Federal troops to other points,
as in the caso of reenforcemonts to General Grant at
Vicksburg, and to General Steole in Arkansas."
The Federal troops that were necessary for
the defense of the State of Missouri were sent
out of the State to aid General Grant in the
capture of Vicksburg and to assist General
Steele in Ai'kansas, and their places were sup-
plied by the militia of the State, who were
compelled to render service as United States
troops in lieu of United States troops.
"The importance of the service rendered by the
enrolled militia is strongly attested by Goijera] Scho-
field. in aoommunieationtothePresident, uiidei date
of October 20, J863. He says: 'The services of the
enrolled militia have been of great value, not only
during the summer of 18G2, when they were first or-
ganized,*but atao during the present year. The ten
provisional regiments which the Governor organized
tor continuous service, and placed under my com-
mand, enabled me to relieve an equal force of Uni-
ted States troops and send them to General Grant.
On several occasions I have called out from one to
four additional regiments for temporary service, to
meet emergencies as they havo arisen. With a few
exceptions they have responded with promptness
and alacrity, and have done good service.'
" To the same effect is a letter from General Curtis
to Governor Gamble, dated January 4,1863. General
Curtis says: 'The demand for troops below has
induced mo to "send out almost everything, bo there
is only Morrill's regiment of United States troops
remaining north of the river. This is only partially
armed. .We must rely, therefore, mainly on the
enrolled militia.' t . ,
"From this statement it will be perceived that the
duties of the enrolled militia have been precisely
those of the United States soldieis in Missouri. In
all cases they took the'place and answered the pur-
pose of Federal troons. In many cases they relieved
Federal troops, and in some eases they were engaged
in actual battle. They especially distinguished them-
selves :it Springfield, in January, 18U3, and received
the warmest commendation of General Brown, then
in command in southwest Missouri.
" They contributed to th eoapturo of Vicksburg and
the great victories in that quarter, by enabling timely
reentoreements to bo sent to General Grant from Mis-
souri, and they materially a^hstedGeneral Rosecrans
to repel the late rebel invasion of this State.
" It should be borne in miad that the enrolled mi-
litia wore under the command of Gon^raJ Schofield
while ho remained in Missouri. General ftosoerans
had the same command over them that General Scho-
field had, and though, owing to some misunderstand-
ing between Governor Gamble and General Curtis,
tho latter did not, during all of his stay in Missouri,
havethateommand.it is believed-the militia ren-
dered him evory assistance he required, cxeept in
the single ease of furnishing guards for provost mar-
shals. *
" Tho payment of the largo militia force which has
been kept m service in this State at the instance of
United States officers, and under their command, is
a dram upon our resources that we are but poorly able
to boar. Appreciating this fact, I endeavored, white
acting Governor, in August, 1863, to rcduoe the mili-
tia force in service* and accordingly issue*] an order
relieving tho eighth provisional regiment from duty.
This led to a correspondence between General Scho-
field, Goneral Fisk, and the State authorities, and
finally, on Goneral Sohofield's application, tho order
was rescinded. After tho rosoission of the'order I
called on General Schofield, and urged upon him the
necessity of relieving the militia Irorn active servieo.
lie promised to relieve them as soon as hecoukl, but
when ho left tho department there were three thou-
sand militia on duty.
"On the 2d of February last I addressed a letter to
General lloseorans requesting him to relieve tho
militia. Uo replied that ho could not then, but that
ho would do so as soon as tho condition of the depart-
ment would permit. A large numbor of the mihtia
aro still on duty.
"The President of tho Unitod States and thcScero-
tary of War have done all in their power to place tho
enrolled militia on the same footing with Foderalsol-
diers."
These troops occupied the positron of Fed-
eral troops, performed the duties of Federal
troops, and were to all intents and purposes
Federal troops, except so far as their pay was
concerned. General Schofield, in response to
a call of President Lincoln, made this state-
ment in regard to them :
"As an example illustrating the value of this organi-
zation, on tho 18th instant 1 called out tho seventh
regiment of St. Louis to relievo troops in the city,
which I wished to send after Shelby. Within six
hours after tho order was made the whole city was
.undor the guard oi this regiment and a few colorod
recruit?, and tho old troops were on theirway to Jef-
ferson City. Tho regiment was just as valuablo to
me, during tho short time that its services were re-
quired, as a regiment of rogular troops would havo
been."
Let me read again, from the statement of
Governor Hall:
"As soon as Prico's invasion became a certainty, T
authorized tho various district commanders to call
into servieo such portions of tho militia of tho State
as, in their opinion, tho emergency domandod. A
large number of tho militia wore so called into the
sorvieo; a portion of thorn fought at Pilot Knob,
others participated in tho defence of the city, othpis
fought and were captured at Glnsgowwith Colonel
Harding; othersfougbtunderGeneralllluntin resist-
ing the enemy's march trom Lexington to tho west-
ern border, and generally they acquitted themselves
well. It was the enrolled mihtia who killed Ihe out-
law, Bill Anderson, who ior months had been the
scourge of northern Missouri, and who had defied
or evaded all troops that had been previously sent
against him."
As late as January23,18G5, General Dodge,
in command at St. Louis, made the following
demand upon the Governor of the State:
Headquarters, Department op tiik Missouri,
St. Louis, January 23,18(35.
Governor: I respectfully request that companies
of militia be raided by volunteers iioui f.ueh clashes
as you deem best for servieo in each of tho following
counties:
Mounted— One company for Warron and Mont-
gomery, one company lor Calloway and Audrain, ono
company for Boone, one company for Rails, Monroe,
and Marion, (tobcraisedatiiaiinihal;) one company
for liowaid, one company lor liandolph, ono com-
pany for Chariton, ono company lor Carroll and Liv-
ingston, (to be stationed in Carroll;) one-company
for Ray and Caldwell, (to be stationed in Kay;) one
company for Clay and Caldwell, (to bo stationed in
Clay;) one company for Platte, one company for
Jackson, one company for Lafayette, one company
for Saline, one company for Cooper and Moniteau,
one company for Osage and Maries, one company for
Stoddard, one company for Johnson, one company
for Pettis, one company for Morgan, oneeompan> for
Mississippi, one company for Scott, one company for
Perry, one company for New Madrid, one company
for Cape Girardeau, one company tor St. Genevieve.
Infantry— One company for bridges on tho Pacific
railroad, ono company for bridges on tho Southwest
Branch railroad, one company for bridges on the
Iron Mountain railroad, one company for bridges on
tho JTorth Missouri railroad. As soon as raised to be
turned over to the sub-district commander for the
respective counties.
I will order them subsisted as soon as they ren-
dezvous. I most earnestly request Unit hone but ex-
perienced officers, and also old soldiers, be placed at
the head of these organizations, men whu will cnforco
orders and maintain strir-i d'^einiine.
The Government will issue nothing, forage, arms
and equipments, (when tho State has not sufficient
arms and equipments to supply them, already issued
to tho E. M. Mm) upon proper requisitions.
I deem it important th t thisforeo be ptjtintho
field within the next thirty days.
1 am, Governor, very respectfully, your obedient
servant, Q m dodoE, Major General.'
Slis Exeollenoy Thomas C. Fletcher,
Governor of Missouri?
The report continues:
"In accordance with tho abovo leanest, the Gov-
ernor issued his order 'directin# tho organization o/
tho reel uired number of companies immediately, (J an-
Uftry 30.) and, as shown by tho accompanying state"
mont of tho adjutant general of tho State, there were
raised andputmtoaetivoservicoaforecof fifty-sevon
companies, containing four thousand throe hundred
anil fifty-three men, whose average term of service
was three months, dating between the 25th of Feb-
ruary and 6th of July,"
From these statements the committee will
understand that, tlie State of Missouri is simply
asking to be reimbursed for money which that
State lias saved to tho Treasury of tho United
States. When we had furnished our quota of
men under thp call, fts required of the other
States, we had discharged our duty as a loyal
State of the Union. But, unfortunately, our
soil was a part of tho theater of the war. The
Federal soldiers that could he spared for that
locality were insufficient to meet the exigencies
of tho ease. Wo organized some seventy or
eighty additional regiments, of whom the Fed-
eral officers in command there took charge,
and who were compelled to render continuous
scrvico for periods varying from twelve to
twenty-four and twenty-eight months. The
State of Missouri was required to pay these
men, and in many cases to clothe and subsist
them.
All that wo ask is that when we have fur-
nished troops who wore called into service by
Federal ollieers, who wore under their con-
trol, and who acted in the place of Federal sol-
diers, we shall, to that extent, be indemnified
for tho money that we have saved to the Treas-
ury of the Unit ed States. We ask no compen-
sation for what our State has suffered in con-
scquence of being embraced in the theater of
war. \Vrc are willing to submit to the conse-
quences of that misfortune. But where you
have required us not only to stand between you
and the enemy, but to advance money that
ought to have been paid by tho United States,
wo ask, as a matter of justice, that such ex-
penditure shall be reimbursed to our State.
We ask that the United States shall pay now
the amount of this expenditure—-tlie amount
which the Government should have paid ori-
ginally to Federal volunteers. That isall there
is in this bill. We ask no especial favors. It
is because flic exigencies of tho ease required
us to do this thing that wc did it. We have
done that for the Government which we were
under no legal obligation to do. We did it in
behalf of the Government and for the success
of the cause of the Government. The record
is that we did our duty well, that we were effi-
cient, that we answered the same purpose as
volunteers. These men fought time and again
in battle after battle; and it is to their arms
frequently victory was due. We have paid the
expenses, and wc ask to bereimbursed for thuso
expenses; and that is all there is of it.
Mr. WA.SHUUHNE, of Illinois. Mr. Chair-
man, I am not prepared to discuss this bill at
length, for 1 confess I am utterly surprised that
the bill should bo brought up in this way. 1 did
not think a bill of this character was in such
shape that it could be called up for considera-
tion at this time. And I agree with my col-
league [Mr. Westwoutix] that the Committee
on Appropriations had no jurisdiction what-
ever of this bill—no jurisdiction whatever of
the subject-matter, if it wore sent to them it
was their duty to have reported it back so that
it might be referred to the Committee of Claims
whcie it legitimately belongs. It is nothing
but a claim. It is the claim of Missouri against
the Government for the payment of her troops.
Tho bill now pending before the committee
appropriates some seven million dollars, and I
call the attention of the committee to the fact
so that members may give it full and attentive
consideration before they pass upon it. As I
