1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
837
mittee, providing for the purchase of a site,
and the predion of a new post, ofliee in the city
of New York. The committee, on inquiry,
learned that a new post ofliee, in the judg-
ment of everybody whose attention had been
called to the subject, was required. The com-
mittee did not feel authorized to report back
the bill as referred to them, but concluded, on
consultation with the Departments and some
eminent citizens of New York, to report this
ioint resolution, which provides for the appoint-
ment of a commission to select a site and re-
port the price to the Postmaster General and
the Secretary of the Interior. We combine the
two things. We thought, on consultation and
examination of the subject, that the two could
be combined very economically—the two prop-
ositions for the erection of a building for a post
office and also for the accommodation of the
United States courts in New York city. On
the unanimous consent of all concerned it was
concluded to put it in this form.
This commission is only authorized to report
to the Postmaster General and the Secretary
of the Interior. Then, in their judgment, if the
price is right, and the site such as they can
recommend, they are authorized and directed
to report to Congress. Certainly this prelimi-
nary action cannot be objected to.
_ Mr. WA SHB DENE, of Illinois. What pro-
vision is made for the payment of this commis-
sion ?
Mr. ALLEY. They are United States offi-
cers, with the exception of two individuals, one
of whom is mayor of New York city. Nothing
is said about pay.
Mr. DARLING. I will say to the gentleman
from Illinois, the gentlemen named in the joint
resolution are but too happy to serve without
compensation.
Mr. WASPIBUENE, of Illinois. I do not
know that there is any objection to the resolu-
tion, as Congress is not committed in any way,
and the matter has to come back here.
Mr. CIIANLEIi. I understand the gentle-
man from Massachusetts to state that this has
been required by citizens of New York city—-
that they ask for the removal of the present site.
Mr. ALLEY. No, sir, I did not say that.
The gentleman has misapprehended me. This
is merely a commission to inquire into the mat-
ter. We found great difference of opinion. I
would say, so far as the present edifice is con-
cerned, that the majority were in favor of the
present site if it can be adopted with propriety
and -nill furnish the requisite accommodations.
Mr. CIIANLE R. I will ask one more ques-
tion. The present New York post office is in
what was an old church. I do not oppose the
construction of a new building : but 1^ would call
• the gentleman's attention to the fact ihat a
commission to select a site for a new post office
in New York is entirely distinct from the ques-
tion of erecting proper accommodations for a
post office. The present location is central,
and there could not possibly be selected one
more advantageous to the whole community.
They have stations scattered through the city,
and a central office is all that is required for the
reception and distribution of letteis. I hope
the gentleman will solar modify his commis-
sion as to limit them in their action on this
subject. A site was chosen and purchased un-
der Mr. Buchanan's administration, il I Hinnot
mistaken. It cost the Government I think,
about se\ enty thousand dollars. The same
propci ty to-day would bring a great deal more.
It is impo.-siblc at the present price of land in
the city of New i ork for the Government to
procure any place equal in availability at ny-
thing like that price : and I would suggest that
the proposition looks more like a scncme ioi
going in to buy lauds than one to arrange loi
the site of a new post office. I belio\e econ-
omy i  in favor of the present site.
Mr. ALLEY. I must say to the gentleman
from New York that what he says now seems
to me entirely irrelevant to tne question unuer
consideration.
Mr. ClIAXLER. I beg pardon. T did not
mean to bo irrelevant, i only wished to draw I
attention to the fact that the question should
be divided.
Mr. ALLEY. Tf the gentleman will hear me
for a moment I think he will be convinced that
his remarks are entirely unnecessary. A great
difference of opinion existed in regard to the
site. It was with reference to that difference
more than anything else, perhaps, that it was
finally agreed upon unanimously that this com-
mission should be appointed, and it is the under-
standing most distinctly of all the parties in
interest who have been conferred with, that that
question is not to be prejudged at all, but is to
be open to the fullest and amplest consideration,
examination, and investigation with regard to
all the sites proposed. I think as the question
now stands, so far as those are concerned who
have been consulted, that the majority of opinion
and feeling is that the present site is the best
and most economical that could be selected ;
and it is not by any means certain, if a new
building is erected, that it will not be erected
on the present site.
Mr. CHANLEE. I would ask the gentle-
man's permission one moment to state that it
is exactly on that point that I was speaking. If
you have the best site why not leave the best
alone? You cannot do better than the best. If
a commission is to be appointed for the erec-
tion of a proper building or proper accommo-
dations for the post office, why go and look for
another site when you have a most appropriate
one. on a most valuable piece of land, in the
very heart of the commercial center of the city?
I certainly think that suggestion is relevant.
Mr. O'NEILL. I desire to make a suggestion
to the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Al-
ley] which is pertinent to the general subject of
proper accommodations for Government offi-
cials and the convenience of the business com-
munity. We have in Philadelphia what is known
as the Pennsylvania Bank building, which cost
the Government of the United States a large
sum of money, having been purchased some-
years ago for one of its Departments. In that
city we have no accommodations belonging to
the Government for the United States apprais-
ers. I would like to ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts if he would not be willing to in-
corporate in his resolution a request that the
commission named by him should confer with
the Postmaster General and Secretary of the
Treasury, if necessary, in regard to the expe-
diency of fitting up the. Pennsylvania Bank build-
ing for the. appraisers' department, and also of
improving and enlarging it for the reception of
bonded goods, so as to save the large expense
of renting private warehouses for this purpose?
Mr. A LLEY. In reply to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. O'Neill,] 1 will say that
that matter did not come before the committee
in connection with this subject; and as the
mouth-piece of that committee, I should hardly
bo warranted in traveling out of the record so
far as to comply with that request.
Mr. O'NEILL. One word 1'uither. Ican-
not sec why there should be any difficulty in
the Committee on the Post Ofliee and Post
Eoads including this proposition in the one
submitted by its chairman. Now, I simply sug-
gest that this is the very opportunity to bring up
aqaestioniu which 1 mayhere say the merchants
of Philadelphia.an; d( eply interested, especially
where the Government itself would be largely
benefited by taking the building at the price
set upon it by the Post Office Department. It
comes in hero, in my opinion, most pertinently
as a matter about which this commission could
inquire, the disposition ol the building being
still to a sreat extent under the control of the
Post Office Department.
Mr. DARLING. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts yield?
Mr. ALLEY. Yes. sir.
Mr. DA ELING. Mr. Speaker. I take issue
with my colleague [Mr. CiiaaLEH] in regard to
the location of the post office in our city. 1 do
not think that it would be necessary to spend
a large sum of money, if any, tor a new site,
provided it be an eligible one. I think the city
of New York, v.uhils accustomed liberality,
would be willing to donate to the United States
Government sufficient laud for the erection o£
a post, office which would be a credit to the Gov-
ernment and commensurate with its impor-
tance and with the accommodations requisite for
the convenience of the people, embracing, also,
accommodations for the United States courts.
The present locality, it is well known, is con-
tracted, illy ventilated, dark, and very difficult
of approach. It is true the Government has
paid a large sum of mon^y there, but the land
would sell at any time for more than you have
paid for it. It is also true that private contri-
butions were appealed to for the purpose of
securing that site.
Mr. ALLEY. I must remind the gentleman
-that that lias nothing to do with the proposi-
tion now before the House.
Mr. DARLING. I merely wish to say fur-
ther, in reply to my colleague, that the pres-
ent site is not, in my judgment, such as is calcu-
lated for the accommodation of the post office
in the great city of New York, whoso people
have to fall into lino like voters at a voting pre-
cinct, and stand up to their ankles in mud and
water before they can be served with their let-
ters. I think it a disgrace to the nation that
we should have such a place for the post office
in the city of New York as exists there to-day.
Mr. ALLEY. I will now call the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and .being en-
grossed, it was accordingly road the third time,
and passed.
Mr. ALLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joiltt resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
POSTAGE STAMPS AND STAMPED ENVELOPES.
Mr. ALLEY, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Eoads, reported a bill relative
to the sale of postage stamps and envelopes on
credit; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. ALLEY. This bill has passed the Sen-
ate precisely in the form in which I now report
it, as Senate bill No. 71, which is now upon the
Speaker's table. I propose to substitute that
bill for the bill reported by the committee.
Mr. WASIIBUENE, of Illinois. I think we
had better consider the House bill first and see
what, it is.
Mr. ALLEY. It is precisely the same bill
word for word, and there is no appropriation
in it.
Mr. WASIIBUENE. of Illinois. I think we
bad better hold back the Senate bill for a little
while until we sec what this bill is.
Mr. ALLEY. Do I understand the gentle-
man to object to taking up the Senate bill?
Mr. WASIIBUENE, of Illinois. I think I
am opposed to this whole measure, and if so, I
would not desire to give the gentleman the
advantage of getting up the Senate bill. That
is frankly my reason.
Mr. ALLEY. Then I call for the reading
of the bill 1 have reported.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Post-
master General, up to June 30, 18G8. when-
ever, iu his opinion, the public service shall
require il. to deposit postage stamps and
stamped envelopes with such persons as he
may select for sale. It provides, farther, that
the" person with whom the postage stamps and
stamped envelopes are so left shall engage to
sell and circulate the same under the instruc-
tions of the Postmaster General, and shall give
bonds for the (aithful keeping of such stamps
and stamped envelopes, and for payment to the
Postmaster General of the moneys received for
the sale thereof.
The bill further provides that the Postmas-
tei General may allow to such depositaries a
commission not exceeding five per cent, on all
such sales of stamps ami stamped envelopes,
the accounts of the parties to be audited and
settled by the Auditor of the Treasury for the
