3822
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
either House who shall commit a breach of its
privilege are subject to its jurisdiction.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I see no foundation laid
in this resolution for the action of the commit-
tee. In this respect I think the Speaker mis-
understood iny point of order. These persons
had not been presented, and this committee
was not charged with authority over them.
The SPEAKER. They were instructed not
only to report the facts, but such resolutions
in reference thereto as in their judgment may
be proper and necessary for the vindication of
the privileges of the House and the protection
of its members. It is for the House to de-
termine whether, on the evidence, this reso-
lution shall be agreed to ; but it cannot be
ruled out as not in order.
Mr. SPALDING took the floor.
Mr. RAYMOND. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to make a motion in the nature of an
amendment?
Mr. SPALDING. I cannot doit. I under-
stand what the motion is. I will give the gen-
tleman ample time after I have closed my
remarks.
Mr. RAYMOND. My object was to get the
whole question before the House.
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Speaker, I called for
the reading of the report of the select commit-
tee for the reason that it is as good an argu-
ment as can be made in this case. It presents
in very small compass the testimony which gov-
erns the case and the law which governs the
facts. As I highly appreciate that report, I
feel bound to give credit to the author of it.
Although I had the honor of introducing it,
the report was drawn up by the able and ex-
perienced member from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Basks.] I feel thankful to him, as I think
the House will, for the manner in which he
discharged the duty of making'this report.
I have never before found myself associated
and I never expect to find myself associated
with gentlemen who will eome to the investiga-
tion of a subject with more impartiality than the
gentlemen with me on this select committee.
We only desired, if possible, to discharge our
duty to the House of Representatives and to
the people of this Union. We considered it to
be a duty of the last importance to the country
to inquire whether the highest privileges of the
people could be violated with impunity within
the nails of this Capitol in defiance of the
Constitution of the land and in defiance of the
parliamentary law which has governed legisla-
tive bodies for more than three hundred years.
Yes, sir, three hundred years is a limited
time, because three hundred years ago the
House of Commons of Great Britain was first
known as a distinct legislative body ; and from
that time the parliamentary law "has been well
defined on this subject. But, sir, I think we
could go away back of that, even into the sixth
and seventh centuries, and find in the council
of the Witenagemote this protection for mem-
bers of legislative bodies which we now ask. I
have read in the books, and other gentlemen
have done the same, in regard to breaches of
privilege committed in Congress, both upon the
floor of the House and in the corridors of this
Capitol, since our Constitution was adopted.
And we can go further back ; we can go back
to the Confederate Congress, and we find mem-
bers of that Congress punished for breaches of
a lesser degree than this. We can go into the
State Legislatures, as well before the adoption
of their constitutions as since, and find these
breaches of privilege punished, on many occa-
sions even to the extent of imprisonment dur-
ing the whole of their respective sessions. We
have all these before us as precedents. Then
we have the constitutional provision, that no
man shall be questioned in any other place for
words spoken in debate in these assemblies.
Here seems to rest much of the difficulty in the
minds of members of this House, as well as in
the minds of those who have preceded us. Be-
cause I have noticed that the argument made
against the exercise of the power of punishing
an offending member is, that the Constitution
means simply to provide that no man shall be
sued for damages in one of the States, or in
the District of Columbia, if you please, by rea-
son of "words spoken in debate."
Now, sir, the only rational interpretation to
be given to this language of the Constitution
is this: that no member shall be called to an
account for language used in debate. That
embraces everything. He cannot be called to
an account in an action for libel or slander;
neither can he be called to account by men of
superior physical ability, holding a rawhide
or a rattan over his shoulders. That is the
meaning of the Constitution. No man is to
be questioned "for words spoken in debate."
Now, if I am right in this interpretation of
the language of the Constitution, I ask you,
where can a better-defined caso be presented
than the one which we have to deal with here
now? A member of this House uses words in
debate which provoke the ire of another mem-
ber of the body. Four long days intervene,
and upon the morning of the fourth day the
offended member proclaims that he intends to
have satisfaction for the language thus uttered
in debate four days before.
Mr. WRIGHT. Does the gentleman mean
to say that there is unlimited license for black-
guardism in this House, and that a man has no
right to protect himself from it? Itis the duty
of the Speaker to protect men from such as-
saults, and if he does not do it, it is the duty of
the member assailed to protect himself.
Mr. SPALDING. The committee have
reported that no word spoken in debate would
be a sufficient justification for a member of
this House personally to assault and beat an-
other member. And in that I agree without
any hesitation or doubt. No word that can be
uttered on this floor in regard to a member
would justify the infliction of a blow upon a
fellow-member, either upon this floor or in
any part of the corridors of this Capitol.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. Allow me
a word.
Mr. SPALDING. I see 110 necessity of
yielding.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. I only
want to make an inquiry.
Mr. SPALDING. I design to give every
gentleman who wishes to do so an opportunity
to speak upon this question. I shall take no
snap judgment upon it.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. The ques-
tion that I wish to ask is this: whether, if one
member maliciously departs from the subject of
debate and charges another member with cow-
ardice, these words eome within the meaning
and spirit of the Constitution as "words spoken
in debate?" [Laughter and applause.]
Mr. SPALDING. I wish, in the first place,
to mark the outlines in this case. I have said
that four days before the assault was commit-
ted the words which led to that assault were
uttered upon this floor. On the morning of
the fourth day the member aggrieved told a
gentleman from his bwn State that he proposed
to have satisfaction, and the understanding was
that that satisfaction was to come out of the
person of the member from Iowa during the
course of the ensuing evening. This gentle-
man, who was a witness before the committee,
says that upon that intimation he returned to
his room, and that just before the adjournment
of the House he came back here, supposing
that an assault would be made that evening by
the gentleman from Kentucky upon the mem-
ber from Iowa, and that iu the interim he had
put his pistol, loaded with powder and ball,
into his pocket, and that then he came to the
House and accompanied the gentleman from
Kentucky to the eastern portico.
Mr. HALE. Allow me a question. I would
ask the gentleman if the evidence before the
committee did not show that General Rousseau
was not aware of this gentleman being armed,
that he had no knowledge of his having arms
upon his person.
Mr. SPALDING. The testimony before the
committee did not show whether General Rous-
seau knew it or not, excepting so far as the
disclaimer of General Rousseau is concerned,
who stated that he was not armed and did not
know that the others were.
Here isthetestimony of ColonelPennybaker:
"Answer. General Rousseau sent for me on the
morning of that day, and told me what would proba-
bly occur.
" Question. What did he tell you?
" Answer. He told me Mr. Grixnell had used harsh
language toward him.
" Question. Usedharshlanguagetowardhimwhere?
" Answer. I suppose in the Hall of the House; and
he was going to use a rattan on him.
"Question. What did he call it? Did he say he was
going to chastise him, to,flog him, or what?
'* Answer. I do not remember what particular ex-
pression ho used. It is my recollection he said he was
going to use a rattan.
" Question. At what time was this?
" Answer. About half past eleven in the morning.
" Question. Where was it the general told you this?
" Answer. It was in the yard below here—between
here and the Capitol gate, coming toward the Capi-
tol, between eleven and twelve o'clock.
" Question. Did he tell you on the way when or where
he designed to do it?
"Answer. No, sir. I rather inferred from his talk
that he contemplated it that evening.
" Question. In consequence of that information did
you stay by during that afternoon?
"Answer. I returned and went up to the House in
consequence of that information that evening.
"Question. Did you go at the request of General
Rousseau ?
"Answer. No; the general did not make any re-
quest at nil. He asked me to come up in the even-
ing, and I arrived there not more than ton minutes
before the House adjourned.
"Question. Do you live in Kentucky?
"Anstoer. Yes, sir.
"Question. What arms had you on your person at
that time?
"Answer. I had a three-inch Colt's revolver.
"Question. How was it loaded?
"Answer. Upon my word I do not know. It has
been in my drawer for a long time. I suppose it
was ordinarily loaded with powder and ball.
"By Mr. Banks :
"Question. Had you carried it before that day?
"Ansxcer. Yes, sir; it was one I kept in my drawer,
and sometimes I put it in my pocket when I went
out.
"Question. Had you had it in your pocket within
a week before ?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
"Question. Had you carried it the day before on
your person?
"Aus-wer. No; I think not.
"Question. Then you took it out on aecountofthe
information you had received ?
"Answer. Yes, sir; I thought it would be as well
to have it."'
Now, 110 other inference, I stated, can be
drawn from this testimony but that Colonel
Pennybaker, being informed by General Rous-
seau that he intended that evening to chastise
the member from Iowa, put the pistol in his
pocket and came here.
Mr. HALE. Will the gentleman allow me
to appeal to his sense of fairness to read the
five lines at the top of the first page so as to
show what General Rousseau's knowledge was
in regard to the matter?
Mr. SPALDING. Before I do that I wish
to say that Colonel Pennybaker testified that
he had no intention of using the pistol at all;
but it will be found, on a further examination
of the evidence, that he and the other two gen-
tlemen who accompanied the gentleman from
Kentucky unite in saying, upon cross-exami-
nation, that the design was to use their pistols
if there was what they called a "free fightor
something of that kind—they used some west-
ern phrase  
Mr. RAYMOND. They intended to see that
there was a free fight.
Mr. SPALDING. Yes; and if any person
interposed in,favor of either one then they ex-
pected they might be called upon to use "their
pistols. That was the evidence.
Mr. Speaker, it is in evidence that the mem-
ber from Kentucky, after saying to the member
from Iowa that he had waited i'our days for an
apology for words spoken here upon this floor,
and receiving in reply "What of that?'' said
"I will teach you what of that." And then
he administered blows upon him with his rat-
tan, until, after some eight or ten blows, the
stick itself broke, and the pieces were gath-
ered up from the pavement. Now, it is said
that no injury was inflicted, and that no injury
was designed to be inflicted. Why, sir, the
very object of the member from Kentucky, as
avowed by himself and sworn to by all the wit-
nesses who" said anything upon the subject, was
to bring the member from Iowa into disgrace.
