422
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 28,
S9th Cons.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
and held to be officers of volunteers, and officers
of the regular Army who have also held com-
missions as officers of volunteers or have com-
manded volunteers shall not on that account be
held to be volunteers under the provisions of
this act.
Sec. 80. And be it further enacted, That
nothing herein contained shall be construed as
affecting existing laws respecting the rank, pay,
and allowances of- chaplains of the Army, but
the same shall remain as now established by
the act entitled "An act to amend section nine
of the act approved July seventeen, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two, entitled 'An act to define
the pay and emoluments of certain officers of
the Army, and for other purposes,' " approved
April nine, eighteen hundred and sixty-four;
one chaplain may be appointed by the President,
by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate, for each regiment of colored troops, whose
duty shall include the instruction of the enlisted
men in the common English branches of educa-
tion ; aud chaplains, when ordered from one
field of duty to another, shall be entitled to
transportation at the same rate as other offi-
cers.
Sec. 31. And be it further enacted, That
nothing in this act shall be so construed as to
vacate the commission of any officer now prop-
erly in service, or whose name may be borne
on the Army Register as partially retired, ac-
cording to law.
Sec. 32. And be it further enacted, That offi-
cers of the regular Army, entitled to be retired
on account of disability occasioned by wounds
received in battle, may be retired upon the full
rank of the command held by them, whether
in the regular or volunteer service at the time
such wounds were received.
Sec. 33. And bait further enacted, That the
Provost Marshal General's Office, and Bureau
shall be continued only so long as the Secre-
tary of War shall deem necessary, not exceed-
ing thirty days after the passage of this act.
Sec. 31. And be it further enacted, That all
officers who have served during the rebellion
as volunteers in the armies of the United States,
and who have been or may hereafter be honor-
ably mustered out of the volunteer service, shall
be entitled to bear the official title, and upon
occasions of ceremony to wear the uniform of
the highest grade they have held by brevet or
other commissions in the volunteer service. In
case of officers of the regular Army, the volun-
teer rank shall be entered upon the official
Army Register: Provided, That these privileges
shall not entitle any officer to command, pay,
or emoluments.
Sec. So. And be it further enacted, That the
third section of the act entitled "An act making
appropriations for the support of the Army for
the year ending thirtieth of June, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-six," shall continue in force for
one year from the passage of this act: Provided,
That no officer who is furnished with quarters
in kind shall be entitled to receive the increased
commutation of rations hereby authorized.
Sec. 36. And be it further enacted, That
section three of the act approved February
twenty, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, au-
thorizing the appointment of a Solicitor of the
War Department, be, and the same is hereby,
repealed.
Sec. 37. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of War be, and he is hereby, directed
to have prepared, and to report to Congress,
at its next session, a code of regulations for the
government of the Army, and of the militia in
actual service, which shall embrace all neces-
sary orders and forms of a general character
for the performance of all duties incumbent on
officers and men in the military service, includ-
ing rules for the government of courts-martial.
The existing regulations to remain in force until
Congress shall have acted on said report.
Sec. 38. And be it further enacted, That all
laws and parts of laws inconsistent with the
provisions of this act be, and the same are
lereby, repealed.
Approved, July 28, 1866.
Chap. CCC.—An Act to revive and extendthe
Provisions of "An Act granting the Right
of Way and making a Grant of Land to the
States of Arkansas and Missouri, to aid in
the Construction of a Railroad from a Point
upon the Mississippi opposite the Mouth of
the Ohio River, via Little Rock, to the Texas
Boundary, near Fulton, in Arkansas, with
Branches to Fort Smith and the Mississippi
River," approved February 9, 1853, and for
other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the "Act granting
the right of way and making a grant of land
to the States of Arkansas and Missouri to aid
in the construction of a railroad from a point
upon the Mississippi opposite the mouth of
the Ohio river, via Little Rock, to the Texas
boundary, near Fulton, in Arkansas, with
branches to Fort Smith and the Mississippi
river," approved February nine, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-three, with ail the provisions
therein made, be, and the same is hereby, re-
vived and extended for the term of ten years
from the passage of tltis act; and all the lands
therein granted, which reverted to the United
States under the provisions of said act, be, and
the same are hereby, restored to the same cus-
tody, control, and condition, and made subject
to the uses and trusts in all respects as they
were before and at the time such reversion
took effect: Provided, That all mineral lands
within the limits of this grant and the grant
made in section two of this act arc hereby re-
served to the United States: And provided fur-
ther, That all property and troops of the Uni-
ted States shall at all times be transported over
said railroad and branches at the cost, charge,
and expense of the company or corporation
owning or operating said road and branches
respectively, when so required bv the Govern-
ment of the United States.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That there
is hereby granted, added to, and made part
of the donation of lands hereby renewed and
made, subject to the same uses and trusts, and
underthe same custody, control, and conditions,
and to be held and disposed of in the same
manner as if included in the original grant, all
the alternate sections and parts of sections,
designated by odd nnmbers, lying along the
outer line of lands heretofore granted, and
within five miles on each side thereof, except-
ing lands reserved or otherwise appropriated
by law, or to which the right of preemption or
homestead settlement has attached: Provide/1,
That the additional quantity of lands hereby
granted, when added to the lands specified in
section one hereof, shall not exceed, in the
aggregate quantity of lands by this act granted,
sufficient to amount to ten sections for each
mile of railroad: And provided further, That
the lands embraced in this grant and the grant
revived by section one of this act shall be dis-
posed of only as follows: whenever proof shall
be furnished, satisfactory to the Secretary of
the Interior, that any section of ten consecu-
tive miles of said road and bx'anches is com-
pleted in a good, substantial, and workman-
like manner as a first-class railroad, the said
Secretary of the Interior shall issue patents
for all the lands granted as aforesaid, not ex-
ceeding ten sections per mile situate opposite
to and within the limits of twenty miles of the
section of said road and branches thus com-
pleted, and when like proof shall be furnished
that another section of ten miles of said road in
said States or on the said branches respectively
connecting with the preceding section is com-
pleted as aforesaid, the Secretary of the Interior
shall issue patents in like manner as as in case
of the first completed sections, and so on from
time to time until the whole is completed as
herein provided, when the Secretary of the In-
terior shall issue patents for all the remaining
lands herein granted, not exceeding the aggre-
gate amount provided for and located as re-
quired by sections one and two of this act: And
provided further, That if one section of twenty
miles of each of said railroads and branches
shall not be fully constructed and completed
as a first-class railroad within three years from
the time this act becomes a law, and at least
one section of twenty miles on each of said
roads and branches in each year thereafter,
and the whole of said roads and branches
within ten years from the time this act shall
take effect, then and in either of said eases all
the lands granted or the grant of which is re-
vived or extended by this act, and which at
the time shall be unpatented to or for the ben-
efit of the road or company making or suffer-
ing such failure, shall revert to the United
States.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That all
the lands mentioned in this act, and hereby
granted, are hereby reserved from entry, pre-
emption, or appropriation to any other purpose
than herein contemplated, for the said term of
ten years from the passage of this act: Pro-
dded, That all lands heretofore given to the
State of Missouri for the construction of the
Cairo and Fulton railroad, or for the use of said
road lying in the State of Missouri, and all lands
proposed to be granted by this act for the use
or in aid of the road herein named, and lying
in said State of Missouri, shall be granted and
patented to the said State whenever the road
shall be completed through said State, which
lands may be held by said State and used toward
paying the State the amount of bonds hereto-
fore issued by it to aid said company, and all
interest accrued or to accrue thereon: Provided
further, That the provisions of this act, so far
as the same relate to the Memphis and Little
Rock and the Little Rock and Fort Smith
branches of said road, shall not take effect until
the Secretary of the Interior shall make and
file a certificate in his office and the office of the
secretary of state of Arkansas, stating that the
companies or corporations claiming the bene-
fit of this act in behalf of said branches have
reorganized their boards of directors in a law-
ful manner, and, after such reorganization, that
they have respectively rescinded all acts, res-
olutions, or other proceedings, transferring the
lands, rights, or privileges of such corporations
or companies to any convention, State, or au-
thority recognizing or acting in concert with, or
under the authority of the late so-called con-
federate States of America.
Approved, July 28, 1866.
Chap. CCCI.—An Act to authorize the Use of
the Metric System of Weights and Measures.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That from and after the
passage of this act it shall' be lawful throughout
the United States of America to employ the
weights and measures of the metric system;
and no contract or dealing, or pleading in any
court, shall be deemed invalid or liable to ob-
jection because the weights or measures ex-
pressed or referred to therein are weights or
measures of the metric system.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the
tables in the schedule hereto annexed shall be
recognized in the construction of contracts, anil
in all legal proceedings, as establishing, in term?
of the weights and measures now in use in the
United States, the equivalents of the weights
and measures expressed therein in terms of
the metric system; and said tables may be law-
fully used'for computing, determiuing, and ex-
pressing in customary weights and measures
the weights and measures of the metric system.
