1902
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
have already stated, I am not prepared to dis-
cuss the bill fully- I have not examined it as
carefully as I would like. I have, however,
my impressions derived from an examination
of the face of the bill. It is not for troops
called out. by the United States, but it is for
the pay of troops called out. as appears by the
documents, by the State of Missouri for the
purpose of suppressing and ridding that State
of the guerrillas with which it was then in-
fested.
Mr. LOAN. Will the gentleman permit me
to correct him?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Certainly,
if I am in error.
Mr. LOAN. These troops, under Orders No.
10, were called out by General Sehofield at a
few days' notice, and the Federal commanders
held them in the service of the United States
against the protest of the Governor of the
State.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is true
they were called out tfy General Sehofield. but
for the purpose, as was expressly stated, of
suppressing the guerrillas in the State of Mis-
souri. If these troops were United States
troops, if they were called out by the Govern-
ment of the United States and mustered into
the service of the United States, then they
would be entitled to their pay, and Missouri
would not be required to come here and ask
for the passage of this bill.
Mr. LOAN. Let me interrupt the gentle-
man for one moment. He says they were called
out for the suppression of guerrillas. If the
rebel army from Arkansas, from twenty-five
thousand to fifty thousand strong, were guer-
rillas, then the gentleman is correct. If they
were not guerrillas then the gentleman is most
Certainly mistaken.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will read
that part of the order of General Sehofield.
Mr. LOAN. Very, well.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It will
show that it refers, entirely to the State of Mis-
souri. It is headed as follows:
[General Orders, No. 19.]
Headquarters Missouri State Militia,
Adjutant General's Office.
St. Louis, July 25,1862.
It then goes on to say, as follows:
" An immediate organization of all the militia in
Missouri is hereby ordered for the purpose of exter-
minating the guerillas that infest the State. Every
able-bodied man. capable of bearing arms and sub-
ject to military duty, is hereby ordered to repair,
withoutdelay, to the nearest military post, and report
for duty to the commanding officer. Every man will
bring with him whatever arms he may have or can
procure, and a good horse, if he has one.
" All arms," &c.
That is what these troops were called out
for. They were called out to exterminate the
guerrillas that infested that State.
Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri. Who was
General Sehofield?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. He was
an officer of the United States. But General
Sehofield had no authority to bind the United
States in a matter of this kind.
Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri. I hold that
the"Se troops were ordered out by the authority
of the United States.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The order of General
Sehofield, dated July 25, 18G2, was an order
for the organization of the militia of the State
of Missouri, if the gentleman will allow me, for
which nothing in the world is asked.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman will pardon me. It is that very order
upon which the gentleman's colleague bases
this whole matter. He claims that General
Sehofield called out these troops for which nay
is now asked.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The militia of Missouri
was not organized, guerrillas infested the State
from one end to the other. Federal troops
there for the protection of property of the
Government were called to other fields—as I
have said, guerrillas sprung up and General
Sehofield provided for the organization of the
State militia.
After the militia was organized, General
Sehofield called npon the Governor ofthe State,
in another order, for certain troops to be called
into the field. They were called into the field
by virtue of that order and several subsequent
orders, serving some of them as long as a year
an-d a half, and I believe in every instance
transported and fed by order of the General
Governm'ent. It is for those troops thus called
out that this claim is made.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
like to inquire where the evidence of the facts
which the gentleman alleges is to be found.
Here is a bill involving an appropriation of
over seven million dollars, and there is no
written report that I have seen accompanying
it, giving us all the facts necessary to enable
us to act fairly, justly, and understanding^ in
the matter.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I have no desire to
oppose this bill, but I should like to make an
inquiry in relation to the amount of the appro-
priation contained it it. I find in the last sec-
tion that the sum of $6,715,089 65 is appropri-
ated. I find in another section of the bill that
there is to be deducted from the amount found
due to the State of Missouri the amount of the
direct tax, levied in pursuance of the act of
1861. What I wish to know is, whether the
amount of that tax is to be added to the amount
appropriated in the bill, or whether the amount
appropriated is to be the entire expenditure
under the provision of the bill. It occurs to
me, from reading the bill, that there may be
some doubt upon that point. I do not now
remember the amount of the direct tax levied
on the State of Missouri, but suppose it was
$1,000,000. If the commissioner should find
that the amount expended by Missouri exceeded
the amount appropriated in the seventh sec-
tion of this bill, he could still pay the entire
amount, because the deduction would not be
from this appropriation but from the aggregate
amount of the expenses. It seems to me, there-
fore. .that this section containing the appropri-
ation is uncertain in its terms.
Mr. LOAN. I have the figures here. The
whole amount of the indebtedness, as set forth
in the report of the Senate, is S7,470,216 98;
from that is deducted S761,127 33, leaving a
balance of $6,71-3,089 6o.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Then I understand
from the statement of the gentleman from Mis-
souri that it is intended by this bill to make an
appropriation of somelhing over seven million
dollars.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is
precisely in the line of remark which I was
making when interrupted. Here is a bill in-
volving this vast sum of money brought before
the House, and we are called upon to act in
relation to it without a report and without any
of the facts being placed before us. Why, sir,
only the other day another committee reported
a bill giving a little pension of eight dollars a
month to some man, and because there was no
written report accompanying it, the gentleman
who offered it was obliged to withdraw it in
order that a written report might accompany
it. And yet this bill is brought in here from
a committee which had no jurisdiction of the
subject, and we are asked to pass upon it when
we have nothing before us which can enable us
to act understaudingly.
Now, sir, I do not want to do injustice to
the State of Missouri. I know how much
that State suffered, and how much her gallant
Union men suffered during the war. I desire
to see full and ample justice done to them by
the Congress of the United States. But this
bill, as it comes to us from the committee, I
say it unhesitatingly, ought not to be passed by
the House without further examination ; and I
trust that this committee, instead of passing
upon it now, will rise and report it to the
House, and that it will be committed to the
Committee of Claims, so that it may be fully
and fairly examined. T shall be willing to
invest the Committee of Claims with authority
to report the bill back at any time and to have
it made a special order. All I want is to get
at the facts, so that we may act understand-
ingly. As the bill now stands you could drive
a coach and six through every section of it.
In the first place, it permits the President,
not requiring the consent and advice of the
Senate, to appoint one commissioner who is to
pass upon all these stupendous claims. The
President is to appoint a man who is to have
the vast power of examining and determining
what ajnount of this sum shall be paid. There
is no provision that testimony shall be taken
and transmitted to the Treasury Department to
be there examined. There are no limitations
upon this commissioner whatever. He can,
by a mere stroke of his pen, cause $7,000,000
to be taken from the public Treasury.
These are some of my objections to this bill.
If the committee determines to go on with its
consideration, I shall move, when itisread sec-
tion by section for amendment, several amend-
ments in order to remove palpable objections
to it which must be apparent to every gentle-
man here.
Mr. LOAN. Before the gentleman takes his
seat let me read a sentence or two from the
report of the Senate in regard to the order call-
ing out these militia.
I read as follows:
"General Sehofield issued an order prohibiting the
enrolled militia in active service from assisting in {he
execution of the laws of Missouri concerning slaves.
"The enrolled militia were, in fact, called out in a
most pressing emergency by the commander ofthe
department to supply deficienciesin theFederaliorees
there, and have at all times been used for such pur-
poses. They have been kept in service, after the pres-
ent emergency passed, to enable the commander of
the department tosend Federal troops to other points,
as in the case of reinforcements to General Grant at
Yicksburg, and to General Steele in Arkansas.
"The importance of the service rendered by the
enrolled Missouii militia is strongly attested by Gen-
eialtSchofield, in a communication to the President
under date of October 20,1S&3, a copy of which is here-
with filed, marked A. He says:' The services of the
enrolled militia have been of great value, not only
during the summer of 1862, when they were first or-
ganized, but also during the present year.'
"'The ten provisional regiments which the Gov-
ernor organized for continuous service and placed
under my command, enabled me to relieve an equal
force of United States troops, and send them to Gen-
eral Grant. On several occasions I have called out
from one to four additional regiments l'or temporary
service, to meet emergencies as they have arisen.
With a few exceptions they have responded with
promptness and alacrity, and have done good ser-
vice.'
" To the same effect is a letter from General Curtis
to Governor Gamble, herewith filed,marked B, dated
January 4, 1863. General Curtis says: 'The demand
for troops below has induced me to send out almost
everything; so there is only Merrill's regiment of
United States troops remaining north of the river.
This is only partially armed. We must rely, there-
fore, mainly on the enrolled militia.'"
One word more in regard to there being
no report in this case, and the reference of
the bill to the Committee on Appropriations,
When the bill came in from the Senate I
moved to refer it to the select committee on
the war debts of the loyal States, but the House
ordered that it should be referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations. There is, however,
a report of the Senate committee, and there is
also a report on the same subject made during
the last Congress. This same measure has
passed the Senate on two occasions, as I
understand, by a unanimous vote.
Mr. KASSON. I desire some information
from the gentleman who has charge of this bill.
I find in lines ten and eleven of section two
these words, "or which may have been em-
ployed in suppressing rebellion in said State."
I want him to inform me and the committee
why those words are necessary there. The
clause relating to that subject reads as follows:
And paying such troops as were called into service
by the Governor, at the request of the United States
department commander commanding the depart-
ment in which Missouri may at the time have been
included, or by the express order, consent, or con-
currence of such commander—
And then come the words to which I object—
or which may have been employed in suppressing
rebellion in said State.
I apprehend I hat these words enlarge the scope
of the inquiry too far. and ought to be stiieken
out of the biii. I wish also to inquire why it
would not be proper to amend the bill so as to
providefor three commissioners instead of one,
