1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
839
shape ; that lie would have a bill which should
require these stamps to be placed in the hands
of United States officers, and in the hands of
none others. Did I understand him correctly?
Mr. KASSON. Not quae. I suggested some
such thing, not having examined the bill; but
some such mode which would not be attended
witli such serious reduction of the revenue of
the Government.
Mr. ALLUY. His objection is that it takes
from the Treasury half a million dollars.
Mr. KASSON. Over that.
Mr. ALLEY. More than half a million dol-
lars if this provision is carried out! I think
the gentleman is entirely incorrect in his judg-
ment. I think the cost to the Government will
be trifling indeed, and the revenues will be much
increased by the adoption of this bill. A great
many stamps will then be sold that are not now
sold. The Government will lose five per cent.,
or rather it will have to pay, for the sale of the
stamps, five per cent., but it will gain ninety-five
per cent, on every stamp sold. The sale of
the stamjss in this manner will be so restricted
in quantity that in my opinion the amount which
will be paid out in commissions in this way
will not reach the sum of 820,000, instead of
$500,000, as the gentleman suggests. I think,
therefore, so far as that objection goes, it has
to my mind little force.
In regard to depositing these stamps in the
hands of United Slates officers, I am opposed
ttf that very thing, and there consists the real
difficulty. I think that United States officers
should not receive these stamps for sale unless
they are of that description of officers which
the Postmaster General has been careful thus
far to appoint, men who can subscribe to the
oath which the laws of the United States re-
quire. If the gentleman from Iowa wishes to
have these stamps placed in the hands of those
who are acting as United States officers, by
whomsoever appointed, who are unable to take
the oath which the laws of the United States
prescribe, I am persuaded it would be unsafe.
Mr. KASSON. Let me say, right here, that
I am opposed to requiring the oath from any
such men. I am for shopkeepers or others
being allowed to sell them as any other mer-
chandise, without requiring them to take an
oath, letting them have them at par and sell-
ing them at par.
Mr. ALLEY. The gentleman from Iowa
knows that officers of the United States are
required to take an oath. He knows that some
have not taken the oath. They were appointed
under what were believed to be the necessities
of the case, which, in my judgment, havenevcr
existed. Such officers have been appointed ;
and for one, if left to me, I should be opposed to
placing these stamps in their hands. _ I am will-
ing to grant this privilege to the Union men of
the South, and everybody else, if thereby it
develops the resources of the country and in-
creases the revenues of the Government, and
docs no possible harm, as in this easel do not
think it would, to any interest or just cause. 3
defy any gentleman upon this floor to show that
the Government, or any individual, is harmed
in the slightest degree by this provision. To
be sure, it will accommodate and benefit the
people of the South oi ail classes.
Mr. BO UT WELL. Let me ask my colleague
a question. "Why has not a postmaster been
appointed in every village, town, ami city ol
the South?
Mr. ALLEY. The reason is because the
Postmaster General is so particular, and justly
so, that he will not allow any man to serve m
that Department who does not subscribe to
the oath prescribed by the laws of the United
States.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Does the chairman of
the Committee on the Post Office and 1 osl
Roads inform the House that there is not at
least one loyal man in each post office district
of the South?
Mr. ALLEY. I mean to say there is not—
or at least the Postmaster General has not
foundtliem. The Postmaster General hasheen
only able to find something like two thousand,
only one fourth of the whole, who could take
the oath whieli the laws prescribe.
Mr. STEVEN'S. Why are we to have post
offices in such places ? Why not withhold them
until wo can find men to fill them?
Mr. SPALDING. Has the morning hour
expired?
The SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr. ALLEY. Imovethatthebillbe printed,
as we will not have time to vote on it to-day,
so that it may be upon members' desks to-mor-
row morning.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FI3STCK. I ask my colleague on the
committee to yield to me.
Mr. ALLEY. Certainly.
Mr. F1NCK. I am unable, sir, to compre-
hend this determined opposition to this bill.
What is it now pending before the House? A
simple proposition to authorize the Postmaster
General to appoint agents, wherever he may
think the public interest requires it, for the
purpose of disposing of postage stamps of the
United States; and now gentlemen propose that
the citizens of southern States shall not be ap-
pointed unless they can take the. oath prescribed
by Congress in Julj', 18G2. It is a fact, sir,
known to gentlcmenpn this floor, that the Post
Office Department has been unable to obtain
postmasters in the southern Slates, or contract-
ors for carrying the mails, in orderto afford all
the necessary mail facilities required in those
States.
\Yc are told by the distinguished gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. S l'evexs] that the peo-
ple ought not to have the facilities of the Post
Office Department if they arc unable to take
this oath. And another distinguished gentle-
man from Massachusetts tells us substantially
the same thing. Sir. I say that the continuance
of this oatli is most unwise and unjust. Why,
sir, this is a mere bill for the purpose of carry-
ing out the business of one of the Departments
of the Government. Jt is true that one of the
objects of the bill is to allow the appointment
of men who cannot take the oath of 1802, but
it is a necessity, an absolute necessity, in order
to carry on the business of this branch of the
Government that such a bill should be passed,
or that I lie test oath of 1WJ2 be swept from the
statute-book. Sir, I believe we should afford
all the necessary mail facilities to the people of
the southern States. 1 believe such a course
will create abetter feeling between the two sec-
tions, and lend to harmonize the country.
The SPEAKER. 'The morning hour having
expired, the bill goes over till to-morrow, and
the House resumes the contested-election case
in the State of Michigan.
MICHIGAN CONTESTED ELECTION.
The House resumed the consideration of the
contested-election case of Baldwin vs. Trow-
bridge of the fifth congressional district of the
State of Michigan.
The majority of the Committee of Elections
reported the following resolution :
Jlesntved, That Kowkmd E. Trowbridge is entitled
to a seat in this House as a. Iteprevnitative ill the
Thirty-iXinth Congress from the fifth congressional
district in Michigan.
The pending question was upon the following
resolutions, moved by Mr. Marshall on^ the
part of the minority of the Committee of Elec-
tions, as a substitute for the icsolution of the
majority:
Kexnlred, That Hon. Rowland E. Trowbridge i' not,
entitled to hold the sent now oceupied by him m this |
llou^easa tleprcsentativefrom theState ot Mich man. ]
Resolved, That Augustus V,. Baldwin has been duly |
elected as a, ltejireseiuative fiom the State of Atiem
gan to the Thirty-Xinth Congress, and i  entiiied to
a scat in this House.
Mr. Tuowr.mncr; was entitled to the floor.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. 1 had hoped, Mr.
Speaker, to have an opportunity to reply spe-
cifically and distinctly to the argument which ,
1 might bo submitted by the contestant in this '
] case in this House against my right to rej"'0- j
! sent the people of the fifth congressional dis- ;
' triet of Michigan in the Thirty-Ninth Congress [
of the United States. 1 have consented sey-
i oral times to the postponement of the consul- 1
eration of this subject by the contestant on one
pretext or another, and now, in order to get a
consideration at the present time, I have con-
sented to the printing of an argument which
has not been made in this House by him. I
am, therefore, driven to my recollections in
regard to the argument made before the Com-
mittee of Elections, and to this little pamphlet
which he caused to be laid on our tables in the
early days of the session, in order to ascertain
what reasons he urges against that right. I
shall therefore submit to this House, briefly as
I may, the reasons why I claim to be possessed
of that right, hoping that my line of argument
may meet the positions whieli he may have as-
sumed in the speech which he has not made.
Mr. Speaker, the right to participate in the
selection of those who are to enact and ad-
minister the laws by winch the country is to be
governed is justly considered, under a repub-
lican form of government, one of the most sa-
cred and invaluable rights of the people. And
as each House is made "the judge of tlie elec-
tions, returns, and qualifications of its own
members," the people lookwithjealous anxiety
to this House to guard this right against all
abuse or encroachment. 'There, is no other tri-
bunal before which this question can be brought.
"Whatever other questions may be taken to the
courts for adjudication, this one of the election,
return, and qualifications of a legislator, can ob-
tain no hearingthere. There is no appeal from
the decision which shall here be made. And
while the people demand that no person who
does not possess the requisite and prescribed
qualifications of an elcctor shall be allowed to
exorcise that high privilege, with equal perti-
nacity do they insist that all who do possess
those qualifications shall be secured an oppor-
tunity to make themselves felt in the councils
of the nation.
The present case comes here on an agreed
state of facts which are substantially as follows,
namely:
The total number of votes cast for member
of the Thirty-Ninth Congress for the fifth con-
gressional district of Michigan, as returned to
the State board of canvassers, was '24,509, of
which number I received 12,647, and the hon-
orable gentleman who contests my right to this
seat received 11,937; thus showing a clear
majority in my favor of 710 votes.
But it is claimed by the contestant that of
this total number of votes 1,538 should not have
been counted by the board of canvassers; and
that of these 1,538 votes, 1,179 were polledfor
me, and 344 for him, showing that my major-
ity of these 1,538 votes was greater than my
majority of the total vote as before mentioned;
and therefore that if these votes had not been
counted by the board of canvassers there would
have been a majority in his fa\or of 1 "25 votes.
The whole question then turns upon this point,
namely, whether these 1,538 votes are to be
counted and allowed in arriving at the result.
If they are counted there is no question as to
my right to represent the people of that district
ill this House. If on the other hand they are
not counted, then there is no question but that
the seat belongs to him.
"Wherein, then, do those 1,538 votes differ
from the other votes which were counted and
allowed by the board without challenge?
At the time of that election, and for long
previous, war had prevailed in the land, and
t ho Government had been obliged to call upon
its brave and loval citizens to go forth and do
battle for the life of the Republic. These citi-
zens, thus called from their peaceful homes
and converted into armed warriors in defense
of their Government, were most of them quali
fied electors in the various States from which
they came.
The Legislature of Michigan, like the Legis-
latures of'many of the other States, knowing
that it was impossible for these electors to^be
present at the usual ordinary places of voting
within the State, and feeling that this exhibi-
tion of the highest duty of citizenship should
not deprive them of the opportunity to exercise
this most sacred right of citizenship, had pro-
