1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2863
Tellers were again refused.
The motion toreconsider was laid on the table.
The next amendment on which a separate
vote was demanded by Mr. Morrill was to
insert after the word correct" on page 80,
line seventeen hundred and seventy, the fol-
lowing:
Provided, That journeyman cigar-makers and
apprentices who work for others shall not be in-
cluded in this provision. *
The question being taken on the amendment,
there were—ayes 47, noes 46.
Mr. MORRILL demanded theyeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordere$.
The question being taken, it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 68, nays GO, not voting
60; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Baker, Beainan, Bergen,
Bromwell, Buckland, Chanler, Header W. Clarke,
Cobb, Cook, Cullom, Darling, Deirees, Delano, Du-
mont, Eldridge, Farquliar, Ferry, Goodyear, Grider,
Aaron Harding, lligby. Ilogan, Holmes, Hotchkiss,
Chester D. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, James JR..
Hubbell, James M. Humphrey, Ingcrsoll, Julian,
Kelley, ICcrr, George V. Lawrence, William Law-
rence, Loan, Marshall, McOiur?, McCullough, Mc-
Kee, Mercuv Niblack, Nicholson, O'Neill, Orth,
Radford, Samuel J. llandall, Hitter, Ross,Shellabar-
Ser, Sitgreaves, Stevens. Slilwell, Stronse, Trimble,
urt Van Horn, Henry D. Washburn, Welker, Wha-
les', Williams, Stephen F.Wilson, and Wright—63.
jSAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, James M. Ashley,
Baldwin, Banks, Baxter, Blaine, Conklin?, Davis,
Dawes, Dawson, Deming, Dixon, Dodge. Donnelly,
Eckiey, Eliot, Garfield, Hale, Hart, Henderson,
Ilooper, Asahel W. Hubbard, John II. Hubbard,
Edwin N. Hubbcll, Hulburd, James Humphrey,
Ketcham, Longyear, .Marston, Marvin, Mcliuer,
Moorhead, Morrill, Morris, Paine, Patterson. Per-
ham,Pike, Plants, Price, William H. Randall, Alex-
ander II. llice, John H. Rice, Rollins, Sawyer,
Schenck, Scofield, Sloan, Spalding, Taylor, Thayer,
Francis Thomas, Trowbridge, Upson, Ward, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, James F. Wilson, Windom, and
Woodbridge—60.
NOT VOTING—-Messrs. Alley, Anderson, Delos R.
Ashley, Barker, Benjaanin, Bidwell, Bingham, Blow,
Boutwell, Boyer, Brandegee, Broomall, Bundy, Sid-
ney Clarke, Coffroth, Culver, Denison, Driggs, Eggle-
ston, Farnsworth, Finck, Glossbi*enner. Grinncll,
Griswold, Abner C. Harding, Harris, Hayes, Hill,
Jcnckes, Johnson, Jones, Kasson, Kelso, Kuyken-
dall, Jjaflin, Latham, Le Blond, Lynch, Melndoe,
Miller, Moulton, Myers, Newell, Noell, Phelps,
Pomeroy, Raymond, Rogers, Rousseau, Shanklin,
Smith, Starr, Taber, John L. Thomas, Thornton,
Van Aernam, Robert T. Van Horn, Warner, Elihu
B. Wasliburne, Wentworth, and Winfield—SO.
So the amendment was agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. O'NEILL stated that his colleague, Mr.
Myers, was absent on account of sickness in
his family. If lie had been present lie would
have voted " ay."
The result was announced as above recorded.
The next amendment on which a separate
vole was demanded by Mr. Mokrill was to
strike out on page 90, line two thousand and
twelve, the words "not otherwise provided
for."
Mr. MORRILL. That was stricken out by
mistake. I hope it will be allowed to.remain.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The next amendment reserved by Mr. Mob-
rill was on page 84, lines eighteen hundred
and sixty-two, eighteen hundred and sixty-
three, and eighteen hundred and sixty-four, to
strike out the following:
And gas companies are hereby authorized to add
the tax imposed by law to the price per thousand
cubic feet on gas sold.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes seventy-
three, noes not counted.
The next amendment reserved by Mr. Mor-
rill was to strike out on page 89, line two
thousand and one, the words "reapers, mow-
ers, threshing-machines, corn-shellers, wooden-
ware. ''
Mr. ROSS. Does that exempt or subject
them to taxation?
The SPEAKER. If it is stricken out it
exempts them from the tax of three per cent.
The question being taken, there were—ayes
75, noes 40.
Mr. MORRILL demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 68, nays 53, not voting
62; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Baker, Beaman, Brom-
well, Buckland. Header W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke,
Cobb, Cook, Cullom, Defrees, Delano, Donnelly, Du-
mont, Eckiey, Eggleston, Eldridge, Farnsworth,
Farquhar, Ferry, Goodyear, Grider, Abnor C. Hard-
ing, Hart, Holmes, Hotchkiss, Demas Hubbard, John
11. Hubbard, JamesR. Hubbell, James M. Humphrey,
Ingersoll, Julian, Ketcham, Kuykendall, George V.
Lawrence, William Lawrence, Loan, Longyear,
Marshal!, Marvin, McCullough,Mercur,Morris, Nib-
lack, Nicholson, Orth, Paine, Plants, Price Radford,
Samuel J. Randall. Ross, Sawyer, Shellabarger, Sit-
greaves, Sloan, Stilwell, Strouse, Trimble, Trow-
bridge, Van Aernam, Burt Von Horn, Ward, Welker,
Whaley. Williams, JamesF. Wilson, andWindom—68.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, James M. Ashley, Banks,
Baxter, Bidwell, Conkling, Darling, Davis, Dawes,
Dawson, Deming, Dixon, Dodge, Eliot, Garfield,
Hale, Aaron Harding, Henderson, Higby, Ilogan,
Hooper. Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester I). Hubbard,
Edwin N. Hubbell, Hulburd, James Humphrey, Kel-
ley, Kerr, Marston, McKee, McRuer. Moorhead,
Morrill, O'Neill, Patterson, Perham, Pike. William
H. Randall, Alexander H. Rice, John H. Rice, Rit-
ter, Rollins, Schenck, Scofield, Spalding, Stevens,
Taylor, Thayer, Upson, William B. Washburn, Ste-
phen K Wilson, Woodbridge, and Wright—53.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Anderson,
DelosR. Ashley,Baldwin,Barker, Benjamin, Bergen,
! Bingham, Blaine, Blow, Boutwell, Boyer, Brandegee,
i Broomall, Bundy, Chanler, Coifroth, Culver,Denison,
Driggs, Finck, Glossbrenner, Grinneli, Griswold,
Harris, Hayes, Hill, J enckes. Johnson, Jones, Kasson,
Kelso: Laflin. Latham, Le Blond, Lynch, MeOhirer,
Melndoe, Miller, Moulton, Myers, Newell, Noell,
Phelps, Pomeroy, Raymond, Rogers, Rousseau,
Shanklin, Smith, Starr, Taber, Francis Thomas,
John L. Thomas, Thornton, Robert T. Van Horn,
Warner, Elihu B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn,
Wentworth, and Winfield—G2. *
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to have the unani-
mous consent of the House to have one article
placed on the free list. I accidentally omitted
it this morning. If there is any objection to
it, I will withdraw it. It is to insert in the free
list the words "bunting, and flags and banners
made of bunting of domestic manufacture."
Mr. FARQUHAR. I object.
fkeedmen's affairs.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following message from
the President of the United States:
To the House of Representatives:
In compliance with the resolution of the
House of Representatives of the 21st instant,
I transmit herewith a report from the Secre-
tary of War, with accompanying papers, in ref-
erence to the operations of the Bureau of Ref-
ugees, Freedmen, and Abandoned Lands.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, D. C., May 25, I860.
The message, with the accompanying pa-
pers, was laid upon the table, and ordered to
be printed.
mail service with brazil.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House the following message
from the President of the United States:
To the House of Representatives:
I transmit herewith a report from the Post-
master General, made in answer to the resolu-
tion of the House of Representatives of the
I4th instant, calling for information relative to
the proposed mail steamship service between
the United States and Brazil.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, D. C., May 24, 1860.
The message, with the accompanying report,
was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, and ordered to be
printed.
tax bill again.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I withdraw my objec-
tion to the amendment proposed by the gen-
tleman from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill.] ldid
not understand what the amendment was.
Mr. MORRILL. I modify the amendment
so as to read, " bunting and flags of the United
States and banners made of domestic manu-
facture."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. There is a verbal amend-
ment necessary. The committee having placed
"brooms" on the free list, I move to strike
out the word "brooms" where it occurs on
page 89, line two thousand and two.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment upon which a sepa-
rate, vote had been demanded by Mr. Morrill
was the following, to strike out the following
clauses:
- On cigarettes, or small cigars, made of tobacco, in-
closed in a wrapper or binder, and not over three
and a half inches in length, the market value of which
(tax included) is not over six dollars per thousand, a
tax of two dollars per thousand: when the market
value is over six dollars and not over ten dollars per
thousand, (tax included,) and on cheroots, and cigars
known as short-sixes, and on any cigars made with
or without pasted or twisted heads, the market value
of which (tax included) is not over ten dollars per
thousand, a tax of four dollars per thousand.
On all other cigars, cheroots, and cigarettes, made
wholly of tobacco, or of any substitute therefor, a
tax pf ten dollars per thousand.
And insert in lieu thereof as follows:
On cigarettes, or small cigars, made of tobacco,
inclosed in a wrapper or binder, and not over three
and a half inches in length, and on cigars made with
twisted heads, and on cheroots and on cigars known
as short-sixes, the market value of which is not over
eight dollars per thousand, a tax of two dollars per
thousand.
On all other cigarettes and cigars, the market value
of which is over eight dollars and not over twelve
dollars per thousand, a tax of four dollars per thou-
sand.
On all other cigarettes and cigars a tax of four dol-
lars per thousand, and in addition forty per cent, ad
valorem on the value beyond twelve dollars per thou-
sand, to be assessed on the excess beyond twelve
dollars per thousand.
Mr. TAYLOR demanded the yeas and nays
on agreeing to the amendment.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes 54,
noes 40.
Mr. PAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was agreed to ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The next amendment upon which a separate
vote was demanded by Mr. Morrill was in re-
gard to smoking tobacco, to amend the clause
so that it will read as follows :
On smoking tobacco of all kinds, not sweetened
nor stemmed nor butted, including that mado of
stems, or in part of stems, and imitations thereof, a,
tax of ten cents per pound.
The question was taken; and there were,
upon a division—ayes 87, noes 62.
Before the result of the vote was. announced.
Mr. SCHENCICcalled forthe. yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 54, nays 67, not voting
62 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Baker, Bidwell, Blaine,
Bromwell, Buckland, Chanler, Reader W. Clarke,
Cobb, Cook, Cullom, Defrees, Delano, Donnelly, Du-
mont, Eggleston, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Farquhar,
Garfield, Grider, Aaron Harding, Abner C. Hard-
ing, Hart, Hogan, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D.
Hubbard, James R. Hubbell, James M. Humpnrcy,
Jngersoll, Kerr. William Lawrence, Loan. Marshall.
MeCullough, McKee, Mercur, Niblack, Nicholson,
Orth, Plants, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Ritter,
Ross, Schenck, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Stilwell,
Strouse, Trimble, Welker, Whaley, and Wright—5i.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Baldwin, Banks,
Baxter, Bergen, Sidncv Clarke, Conkling, Darling,
Davis, Dawes, Dawson, Doming, Dixon. Dodge. Eliot,
Ferry, Goodyear, Halo, Henderson, Higby, Holmes,
Hotchkiss, DemnsHubbard, John H. Hubbard, Edwin
N. Hubbell, Hulburd, JamesHuinphrey. Julian, Ivel-
lcy. Keteliam, Kuykendall, George V. Lawrence,
Longyear, Marvin, McRuer, Moorhead, Morrill. Mor-
ris, O'Neill, Paine, Patterson, Perham, Pike, Puce,
William II. Randall, Alexander H. Rice, John H.
Rice, Rollins, Sawyer,Scofield, Sloan, Spalding, Ste-
vens, Thayer, Francis Thomas, Trowbridge, Upson.
Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Ward, William B.
Washburn. Williams. .Tames F. Wilson, Stephen JT.
Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—67.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Anderson,Delos R.
Ashlev, James M. Ashley, Barker, Beaman, Benja-
min, Bingham, Blow, Boutwell, Boyer, Brandegee,
Broomall, Bundy, Coifroth, Culver, Denison, Driggs.
Eckiey, Finck, Olossbrenner, Grinneli, Griswold.
Harris, Hayes, Hill. Hooper. Jenckes. Johnson, Jones.
Ivasson, Kelso, Lafiin, Latham, Le Blond, Lynen.
Marston, McClurg. Melndoe, Miller, Moulton, My-
ers, Newell, Noell,Phelps, Pomeroy, Raymond, Rog-
ers, Rousseau, Shanklin, Smith,Starr,Taber, Taylor.
John L. Thomas, Thornton, Robert T. \ an Horn,
Warner, Elihu B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn,
Wentworth, and Winfield—62.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The next amendment upon which Mr. Mor-
rill demanded a separate vote was to insert the
words " cordage and rigging for vessels" after
the word "sails," in the following clause in
