TffiE €K}MJRESSI<MA£
April 11,
treaty-,six million dollars, asks for no* special
legislation in her behalf. .
Mr. BENJAMIN. The gentleman, I am
sure, does not wish to do Missouri any injustice.
Mr. WEIGHT. The gentleman has had his
opportunity to speak in t'avor of the bill. I am
playing a lone hand, and I do not want to be
interrupted. [Laughter.]
-Mr. Speaker, I .second with great pleasure
the honorable gentleman from Iilinois who
called the attention of this House to the pecu-
liarity of this bill, that it does not permit any
supervision on the part of the Senate of the
United States. It proposes to appropriate
$7,000,000 to be put into one man's hand for
disbursement, and he is not to be called to
account for the manner in which it is disbursed.
The President may select any man he pleases.
There is no power of examination. Mo matter
what his report may be, it is decisive and linal.
I have no doubt, as the gentleman has said,
whoever may be appointed commissioner in
case this bill passes must be, a gentleman of
unexceptionable character. lie will have to
go to Missouri to take testimony according to
the best of his ability. " We know all men are
fallible. Now, who can tell what inducements
may be held out to warp his clear judgment ?
If he had the firmness and fidelity of the cele-
brated .Ronald .MacDonald, I would very gladly
consent to give him this unusual power. . You
will recollect there was a time in English his-
tory when it was found necessary to make some
efforts to seduce the Scottish Highlanders from
their allegiance to the Scottish cause. It was
attempted to draw them away by proffers of high
stations. Now, there happened to be a High-
land chief, called Ronald MaeDonald, of Gastle
Ronald. . When the courier came to him and
offered him his titleof nobility, the honest High-
lander said, "Gae back, mon, to your master,
and tell him that Ronald MacDonald asks nae
ither title than Ronald MacDonald, of Castle
Ronald." If you could find a man like him,
or a man like Csssar's wife, above suspicion, I
would agree to it.
But, sir, to permit one single individual to
take millions of dollars out of the Treasury of
the United States in reference to a -matter the
propriety of which I seriously doubt, is more
than I, as a Representative of the State of New
Jersey, am willing to consent to. I protest
against it. The character of the legislation is
wrong, because it is special and invidious. We
ought to have a general bill to accomplish the
same purpose.
There are no obligations here in this law to
compel the commissioner to be honest, or any
reason in the proposition that would cause it.
Whither, then, are we tending? I believe gen-
tlemen desire to pursue a system of reasonable
economy. Let us hesitate, therefore, before
measures of this importance are passed. Let
us not plunge the nation deeper into debt than
it now is, unless there is urgent and just cause
for so doing. I have not yet been compelled
to look around before I cast my vote. I cast
it with a clear and honest object. While I am
willing to make every sacrifice demanded by-
patriotism to meet every exigency and to pro-
vide for every public expenditure that may be
needed, yet I am not willing to go to this excess
and to squander away the public money when
every dollar is needed to pay the public debt.
I am, however, always willing to accede every-
thing for the payment of those noble and gal-
lant men who fought so successfully to save the
Union and keep our flag flying oyer every acre
of ground within the limits of the United States.
Mr. STEVLNS. I move that the committee
rise for the purpose of closing general debate.
Mr. KASSON. I hope the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevexs,] who was absent
at the time I exchanged some inquiries with
the gentleman from. Missouri, [Mr. Loax,] will
allow me to offer some amendments which that
gentleman and myself have agreed upon.
Mr. STEVENS. I think we had better close
general debate, and then amendments can be
wade under the five-minute rule.
Ms. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think
wo can close general debate by unanimous
consent.
No objection being made, it was so ordered;
and general debate was closed.
Mr. KASSON. I move to amend the first
section by inserting in line one, after the word
"President," the words "with the advice of
the Senate," and to change the words "a
commissioner" to "three commissioners;" so
that the section will read:
That immediately after the passage of this act the
President, wUJitheadviee oftheSenate, shall appoint
three commissioners, whose duty it shall be to ascer-
tain the amount of moneys expended by the State of
Missouri in enrolling, equipping, subsisting, and pay-
ing sueh State forces as have been called into service
in said State since the 24th day of August, 1861, to act
in concert with the United States forces in the sup-
pression of the rebellion against the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. -1 move fur-
ther to amend section one by adding at the end
thereof the following:
And the said commissioners shall be authorized
and required to sit as a board at St. Louis, Missouri,
and shall be authorized to call witnesses before them
and examine them under oath; and said commis-
sioners shall bo authorized to employ aelerk at a rate
of compensation not exceeding $1,500 per annum.
The reason of my offering this amendment
is, that in a bill of this magnitude, where ac-
counts to the amoant of §7,000,000 are to be
examined, we ought to have a board sitting as
a commission and authorized to take testimony.
Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri. Sayat Jeffer-
son City, instead of St. Louis.
Mr. STEVENS. I can see no objection to
this amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will make
it at any point that the gentlemen from Missouri
may designate.
Mr. LOAN. Allow the commissioners to
select their own place in the State of Missouri.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, _ I will ac-
cede to that suggestion, and leave it that they
be authorized to sit as a board in the State of
Missouri.
The amendment as modified was read, as
follows:
And the said commissioners shall be authorized and
required to sit as a board in the State of Missouri,
anil shall be authorised to call witnesses before them
and examine thcrh uncleroath, an<i said commission-
ers shall be authorized to employ a clerk at a rate of
compensation not exceeding $1,500 per annum.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. Before proceeding any
further with this bill I will move that the com-
mittee rise for the purpose of moving to dis-
pense with the evening session for to-night.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Thayer reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union had, according to order, had un-
der consideration the State of the Union gen-
erally, and particularly bill of the Senate No.
31, to reimburse the State of Missouri for mon-
eys expended for the United States in enroll-
ing, equipping, and provisioning militia forces
to aid in suppressing the rebellion, and had
come to uo.eonclusion thereon.
' EVENING SESSION.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move that the even-
ing session for to-night be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
MTSSOUKI MILITIA AGAIN.
Mr. STEVENS, f move that the House go
into Committee of the Whole again.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union (Mr. Thayer in the chair) and
resumed the consideration of Senate bill No.
31, to reimburse the State of Missouri fox-
moneys expended for the United States in
enrolling, equipping, and provisioning militia
forces to aid in suppressing the rebellion.
The Clerk read section two.
Mr. KASSON. In order that this section may
conform to the previousone,itwill be necessary
to change the -tvord " commissioner " to " com-
missioners."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. I move to insert in line two,
after the word "proceed," the words "subject
to regulations to be prescribed by the Secretary
of War."
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not think that is
necessary. There is another provision that
these expenditures shall be allowed in con-
formity to the laws of the United States.
Mr. KASSON. This is in harmony with
that clause, to have it accord with the rules
that govern the Army of the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. I move to insert in the same
section, line eleven, after the word "State" the
words "under the authority and command of
Federal officers.'' I believe that is the phrase-
ology that the gentleman'from Missouri [Mr.
Loan] says will accomplish the purpose, lim-
iting it to those who were in the Federal ser-
vice. The section will then read :
Sec. 2. Andbe it further enactcd, That the commis-
sioners so appointed shall proceed, subject to regula-
tions to be prescribed by tho Secretary of Y ai\ at
once to examine all the items ofexpenditure made
by said Stateforthe purposes herein named, allowing
only for disbursements made and amounts assumed
by the State for enrolling, equipping, subsisting, and
paying sueh troops as "were called into service by tho
Governor, at the request of the United Statesdepart-
ment commander commanding the district in which
Missouii may at the time have been included, or by
the express order, consent, or concurrence of such
commander, or which may have been employed in
suppressing rebellion in said State under the author-
ity and command of Federal officers. And 110 allow-
ance shall be made for any troops which did not
perform actual military service in full concert and
cooperation with#the authorities of the United States
and subject to their orders.
Mr. STEVENS. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from Missouri whether tliey were all
under command of Federal officers.
Mr. LOAN. Yes, sir; all that we desire
any compensation for.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to strike out of
section three the portion in brackets, as fol-
lows :
Or the act entitled "An act to allow and pay to the
State of Missouri the amount of money expended by
said State in the arming apd paying of troops em-
ployed in the suppression of insurrection agamn the
laws of the United States/' approved July 17,1802.
The section will then read:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That in making
up said account", for the convenience of the account-
ing officers of the Government, the eomiuir-ioner
shall state separately the amounts expended, respect-
ively, for enrolling-, equipping, arming, subsisting,
and payingsaidtroops, ancUrom thcaggi egaie amount
he sliali deduct the amount of direct tax due by tho
said State to the United States under the act entitled
"A11 act to provide increased revenue irom imports,
pay interest on the public debt, and for other pur-
poses," approved August 5, l&til.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. "WILSON, of Iowa. I move to amend
section four by inserting after the words "Uni-
ted States," in line five, the words and the
regulations proscribed by the War Depart-
ment;'' so that it will read :
Sec. 4. And Beit further enactcd, That in the adjust-
ment of accounts under this act the commissioners
shall not allow for any expenditure or compensation
for scrvice at a rato greater than was at the time
authorized by the laws of the United States in sim-
ilar cases and the regulations prescribed by tho War
Department.
Mr. LOAN. I have no objection to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
amend section five by striking out all after the
word " Treasury" in line five, and inserting as
follows:
And shall transmit all the testimony taken by said
commissioners to the Secretary of the Treasury, and
if upon examination by the proper accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury, the aeeountshall be found to bo
just and correct the same shall be paid.
The section will then read:
Sec. 5. And be it further enactcd. That so soon as
said commissioner shall have made up said account
and ascertained the balance, as herein directed, ho
shall.makewritten reportthcreof, Fhowingthe dilfor-
ent items of expenditure as hereinbefore stilted, to tho
Secretary of the Treasury, and shall transmit all tho
testimony taken by said committees to the Secretary
t)f the Treasury, and if upon examination by the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury the account
shall be lound to be just and correct the same  nall
be paid.
The amendment "was agreed to.
