840
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
vided bylaw that the ballot-box should be car-
ried to them arid their votes received at desig-
nated places other than those where the great
mass of our people would exercise that privilege.
These 1,538 votes which give rise to this contest
were cast by qualified electors belonging to the
fifth congressional district of Michigan, pursu-
ant to and in accordance with the provisions of
that law. This is the only difference between
them and the other votes which were counted
and allowed without challenge—they were cast
at a different place.
The contestant denies the power of the Le-
gislature to pass the ktw by which these citizen
soldiers were allowed to vote, because he al-
leges that the constitution of that State fixes
the places where the elections must be held-, and
being fixed in the fundamental law of the State
he denies the power of the Legislature to fix
any other. The language of the constitution
which he claims accomplishes this purpose is
to be found in section one of article seven of
the constitution of that State, and is in these
words, to wit:
" But no citizen or inhabitant shall he an elector
or entitled to vote at any election unless he shall be
above the age of twenty-one years, and has resided
in the State three months and in thetownship or ward
in which he offers to vote ten days next preceding
such election."
He claims that the clause of this sentence,
" has resided in the township or ward in which
he offers to vote," fixes the place where the
vote must be cast; that to " offer to vote" re-
quires the personal presence of the voter at the
place thus designated. There isno other point
made against the law. It is not a question of
residence, which is an element of qualification
in the voter, for by another provision of the
constitution of that State, namely, the fifth
section of the same article seven—
"No elector shall be deemed to have^rainedorlost
a residence by reason of being employed in the ser-
vice of the United States or of this State."
This settles the question of residence in re-
gard to these men. They were " employed in
the service of the United States,'' and wherever
they resided when they entered that service
there they continued to reside until, coming out
of the service, they established some other res-
idence, or at least abandoned the onepreviously
acquired.
The honorable gentleman brings, in support
of his position that the constitution of Michi-
gan fixes the place where the elections must be
held, and thus restrains the Legislature from
fixing any other, a decision of the supreme
court of that State, wherein it was held that
certain county officers in that State could not
hold offices to which they were elected by the
soldiers' vote; tod he claims that that decision
decides this ease, and ought to control this
House. I hold that it does no such thing, and
that if it did it ought not to control this House,
bccause this House is expressly made by the
Constitution the sole judge of the "elections, re-
turns, and qualifications of its own members."
Let us examine and see what that decision
is, and.to whom it applies. It is conceded by
the judges who made that decision, that the
passage of such a law was undoubtedly an
exercise of an ordinary legislative power, and
clearly within the province of the Legislature,
unless it was restrained or prevented by some
controlling power. Judge Cooley, one of those
judges, in his opinion in this case, says :
/'Ihave no hesitation ir. holding that when the
time, place.and manner of holding elections are not
Prescribed in the constitution, they are within the
discretion of the Legislature, and the reception of
votes from persons actually out of the election dis-
trict, or even of the State, may be allowedby statute."
Judge Campbell, another of those judges,
also in this case says :
"It is conceded that the power of regulating the
times and manner of elections, and the places where
they may be held, is one which is legislative in its
nature, and belongs to that body which is intrusted
with tne general legislative authority, unless the
constitution has limited or destroyed this control
over it. And we are only concerned, therefore, in
determining whether the constitution of Michigan
has prevented the State Legislature from exercising
complete control over the locality of elections, and
whether, if such control is limited, the limitation is
applieablo to tho subject before us."
The majority of the court find such a limita-
tion of the power of the Legislature in the lan-
guage of the constitution of that State, which
I have already quoted, which provides that the
elector must have—
"Resided in the township or ward in which ho
offers to vote ten days next preceding such election."
And hence they deny to the Legislature the
power to pass this law, which prescribes other
places for holding elections than the township
or ward where the voter resides.
But to what elections does this language of
the constitution of Michigan apply? Mani-
festly to the election of officers created by that
constitution, and to no others. The court it-
self was a creature of that constitution, and
had no authority to go beyond its limits and
jurisdiction. If, then, I shall show that ahigher
power than State constitutions has prevented
the State constitution, or the people in form-
ing their State constitution, from thus limit-
ing the Legislature in its control over the "lo-
cality of elections" of members of Congress, I
shall then have shown that in the opinion of
that court itself the Legislature of Michigan
has undoubted power to fix the places where
those elections shall be held.
It may_ be proper here to remark that this
decision is the opinion of only a majority of the
court. The chief justice of that court, in a very
able opinion, maintains that notwithstanding
this language of the State constitution, the
Legislature has power to pass the law, and thus
enable the qualified electors of that State who
are absent in the military service of the United
States to vote for their State and county offi-
cers. He claims, with great force, that if it
had been the intention of the framers of the
constitution to take away from the Legislature
this undoubted authority, and prevent it from
exercising this power, conceded to be an or-
dinary power of legislation, they would have
used language plainer and more distinct than
this expression, which is manifestly an inci-
dental one, and is descriptive of the place of
residence, and not the place of voting.
But I propose to show that the decision of
that court, as well as the entire argument of
the gentleman here, is irrelevant to the case
now under consideration ; because a higher
power than the State constitution has restrained
it from exercising any control over the places
where the elections of members of Congress
shall be hold, and has expressly delegated that
control to the Legislature of the State.
The fourth section of the first article of the
Constitution of the United States reads as fol-
lows, to wit:
" Th e times. places, and mann er of holding el eetions
for Senators and Representatives shall be prescribed
in each State by the Legislature thereof."
Thus absolutely requiring the Legislature of
the State to do in regard to the election of
members of Congress precisely what the ma-
jority of the court decide and the gentleman
claims the State constitution forbids it to do in
regard to the election of State officers, namely,
to prescribe the places of holding those elec-
tions. Can language be plainer than this ?
The constitution of the State is not the Legis-
lature of the State. The people, in convention
by delegates forming their State constitution,
are not the Legislature of the State. And I
claim that under this clause of the Constitution
of the LTnited States no power in the Stale had
any right to touch this subject at all except
"the Legislature thereof."
The people of the Territory of Michigan were
restrained by the Constitution of the United
States before they formed their State. The
delegates in the convention forming their State
constitution were restrained by it, and could
certainly enact no matter into the fundamental j
law of their State which that restraining power i
had expressly reserved from their control and
delegated to another body to act upon.
And. Mr. Speaker, this provision of the Con-
stitution of the United States is a mandatory
provision—
"Shall be prescribed in each State by tho Legisla-
ture thereof."
It requires the Legislature of the State to pre-
scribe the places where the elections for mem-
bers of Congress shall be held. The members
of that Legislature had sworn to support the
Constitution of the United States, even before
they had sworn to support the constitution of
their State. And under that authority—nay,
under that requirement—they enacted this law
prescribing the places where those elections
shouldbeheld. And in accordance with thepro-
visions of that law these 1,538 votes, which the
gentleman claims should not ba-counted and
allowed, were cast. And the only question for
this House to decide is, whether the require-
ment of the Constitution of tbe United States
is a sufficient warrant for the Legislature of the
State to pass the law.
The gentleman also brings forward several
decisions of the House in contested elections,
which he claims establish precedents under
which the scat must be given to him. And he
has discovered that in one of them, the Ore-
gon case, I myself voted here to sustain the
very principle upon which he expects to obtain
his seat. Wonderful sagacity! The gentle-
man has seen performed the play of Hamlet,
but failed to notice that the part of Hamlet was
left out. That case lacked the very point which
must control the decision of the one now before
the House. That point is, whether the Legis-
lature of a State, acting under the Constitution
of the United States, has power to pass a law
which conflicts with the constitution of tSe
State? There was no such question in the
Oregon case, because there was no such con-
flict. The Legislature had accepted and acqui-
csced in the provision of the constitution, and
had passed no conflicting law. Mr. Dawes,
the chairman of the Committee of Elections,
in tho debate on that case, says :
"The sitting member does not claim to have been
elected 111 pursuance of any law, or any constitutional
provision whatever, but on tho general right to rep-
resentation which the people have. 'Xho contestant
is here by virtue of an election, at a time and place
fixed in the constitution of Oregon itself; in compli-
ance with which theLegislaturehave forborne to this
day to fix any other."
In another place he says 1
"Now. the Legislature of Oregon has acquiesced, if
nothing more, in the time fixed by the constitution."
And further on in tho debate, he says:
"Either tho Legislature of Oregon can, notwith-
standing the provision of the State constitution, fix
the time of the election of a member, because of tho
Constitution of the United States, or else the people of
Oregon can do it through their constitution as well as
through their Legislature."
He does not say which of these theories he
would adopt if a case were presented in which
he would have to decide between them. But
in the whole debate he claims that the Legis-
lature had, by its silence, accepted and acqui-
esced in the provision of the constitution, and
hence In that case that provision was as binding
here as if it had been an act of the Legisla-
ture.
I voted for the admission of the man, although
he was the advocate of political views to which
I am unalterably opposed, who had been elected
by the people of Oregon at a time when it was
universally understood by them that a member
of Congress was to be voted for, and not for
the admission of a man who, appealing from
that decision of the people, had had a few votes
cast for him as a member of Congress at a time
when no one else dreamed that a member of
Congress was to be voted for, and 011 tlfe
strength of such an election had presented him-
self here for admission to a seat. I should do
the same thing again. But I protest that, in
doing so, I am not to be understood as passing
on such a case as the present one, where the
election took place at a time and places estab-
lished by law, and all the people understood
that they were to vote for a member of Con-
gress, and accordingly all parties took part in
the election.
But there is another principle running through
all the eases of contest which I claim may well
be considered to establish a ruling precedent.
If is very briefly and clearly stated in (ho report
of the Committee of Elections of tho Nineteenth.
