424
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 28,
39th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That tlie
said several sums shall be paid to the several
persons above named, respectively, personally,
or in case of their decease, to the persons who
would-be entitled to the same under the bounty
laws of the United States in case of a deceased
soldier.
Approved, July 28, 1866.
Chap. CCCIV.—An Act directing a District
Court to be held at the City of Erie, in the
State of Pennsylvania.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That, besides the terms
of the district court of the United States, di-
rected by law to be held at Pittsburg, in the
county of Alleghany, and at Williamsport, in
the county of Lycoming, for the western dis-
trict of the State of Pennsylvania, the judge
of said~western district shall hold two terms
in every year, at the city of Erie, in the county
of Erie, which shall commence the first Mon-
day of July and January in each and every
year, beginning in the July or January which
shall first immediately follow the passage of
this aet, and be continued and adjourned from
time to time, as the court may deem expedient,
for the dispatch of the business thereof.
Approved, July 28, 1866.
Chap. CGC^i.—An Act to authorize the Sec-
retary of "War to furnish Transportation to
Discharged Soldiers to whom Artificial
Limbs are furnished by the Government.
Beit enact,edby the Seriate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
is authorized and directed to furnish to dis-
charged soldiers of the United States, who
have been disabled in the service, as well as
to those not yet discharged, transportation to
and from their homes and the place where
they may be required to go to obtain artificial
limbs provided for them under authority of law.
Approved, July 28, 1866.
Chap. CCCVI.—Ail Act supplemental to the
Act to appropriate Money for the Postal
Services.
Be it enacted by the Senate and, House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there be, and hereby
is, appropriated, out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, for carrying the
mail upon the post roads established by acts of
Congress passed during the first session of the
Thirty-Ninth Congress, for the fiscal year end-
ing J une thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
sever., the sum of four hundred and eighty-six
thousand five hundred and twentv-five dollars.
Approved, July 28, 18G6.
Chap. CCCVII.—An Act to protect the Man-
ufacturers of Mineral Waters in the District
of Columbia, and for other purposes.
Be i< enactedbythe Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled. That all manufacturers
and venders of mineral waters and other bev-
erages by law allowed to be sold in bottles,
upon which their names or their mark or marks
shall be respectively impressed, may file with
tin- os-rk of the supreme court of the District
ot_ Columbia a description of such bottles and
oi the name or marks thereon, and shall cause
the same to be published for not less than two
wiM.-ks, successively, in a daily or weekly news-
paper, published in said District of Columbia.
Sac. 2. And be it further enacted, That it
is hereby declared to be unlawful for any per-
son or persons hereafter, without the permis-
sion of the owner or owners thereof, to fill
with mineral waters or other beverages any
such bottles so marked, for sale, or to traffic
in any such bottles so marked, and not bought
by him or her of such owner or owners thereof;
and every person so offending shall be liable
to a penalty of fifty cents for every bottle so
filled, or sold, or used, or disposed of, or
bought, or trafficked in, for the first offense;
and of five dollars for every subsequent offense,
to be recovered as other fines in said District
of Columbia.
Approved, July 28, 1866.
Chap. CCCVII 1.—An Act donating certain
Lots in the City of Washington for Schools
for Colored Children in the District of Co-
lumbia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Commissioner of
Public Buildings be, and he is hereby, author-
ized and required to grant and convey to the
trustees of colored schools for the cities of
Washington and Georgetown, in the District
of Columbia, for the sole use of schools for
colored children in said District of Columbia,
all the right, title, and interest of the United
States in and to lots numbered one, two, and
eighteen in square nine hundred and eighty-
five, in the said city of Washington, said lots
having been designated and set apart by the
Secretary of the Interior to be used for col-
ored schools. And whenever the same shall
be converted to other uses, they shall revert to
the United States.
Approved, July 28, 1866.
Chap. CCCLX.—An Act to extend the Juris-
diction of Commissioners of the Circuit
Courts of the United States.
Be itenacted bythe Senateand House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the commissioners
who now are, or hereafter may be, appointed
by the circuit courts of the United States to
take acknowledgments of bail and affidavits,
and also to take depositions in civil causes,
shall and may exercise all the powers that any
justice of the peace may exercise under and in
virtue of the seventh section of the act passed
the twentieth of July, anno Domini seventeen
hundred and ninety, entitled '• An act for the
government and regulation of seamen in the
merchant service."
Approved, July 28, 1866.
Chap. CCCX.—An Act to provide for the Suits,
Judgments, and Business of the United States
Provisional Court for the State of Louisiana.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, Thatall suits, causes, pros-
ecutions, and proceedings in the United States
provisional court for the State of Louisiana,
with the records thereof,-be,and the same are
hereby, transferred to the United States dis-
trict court for the eastern district of Louisiana;
and all suits, causes, prosecutions, and pro-
ceedings so transferred shall be proceeded with
in said court and tried and determined, and pro-
cess and judgment issued and executed therein
and by said court in the same manner and with
like effect as if the same had been commenced
originally in said district court: Provided,how-
ever, That any suit or proceeding so trans-
ferred, of which the circuit eourt could take
jurisdiction nnder the laws of the United
States, shall in like manner be heard and
determined in the circuit court held in said
district.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That in
case suits or proceedings are pending in said
provisional court which could not have been
instituted in said circuit or district court, the
record shall remain in said district court with-
out further action therein.
Sec. 3. And be it- further enacted, That all
judgments, orders, decrees, and decisions of
the United States provisional court for the
State of Louisiana, relating to the causes hereby
transferred to the district court of the eastern
district of Louisiana, or to the circuit court
held in said district, shall at once become the
judgments, orders, decrees, and decisions of
said district court, or said circuit court, u-.^as
the same are inconsistent with the rules and
proceedings thereof; and may be enforced,
pleaded, and proved, as the judgments, orders,
decrees, or decisions of said district,court, or
said circuit court.
Approved, July 28, 1866.
Chap. CCCXI.—An Act to remove the Office
of Surveyor General of the States of Iowa
and Wisconsin to Plattsmouth, Nebraska.
Beit enacted bythe Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That it shall be the duty
of the Secretary of the Interior, as soon after
the passage of this act as maybe, to cause the
office of surveyor general of Iowa and Wiscon-
sin to be removed to Plattsmouth in the Ter-
ritory of Nebraska, and to make the necessary
provisions for immediate and effective opera-
tions ; and when so removed the duties and
jurisdiction of said surveyor general shall be
coextensive with the limits of the Territory of
Nebraska, and include the State of Iowa, and
the same shall constitute a surveying district.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That all
acts and parts of acts inconsistent with the
provisions of this act, be, and the same are
hereby, repealed.
Approved, July 28, 1866.
Chap. CCCXII.—An Act to prevent Officers
of the Navy from being deprived of their
regular Promotion on Account of Wounds
received in Battle, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the provision of sec-
tion four of the ''Act to amend an act enti-
tled an act to establish and equalize the grade
of line officers of the United States Navy,"
approved July sixteen, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two, requiring that no officer in the na-
val service shall be promoted to a higher grade
upon the active list until he has b'een examined
by a board of naval surgeons and pronounced
physically qualified to perform all his duties
at sea, shall not be construed to apply to and
exclude from the promotion to which he would
otherwise be regularly entitled any officer in
whose case such medical board shall report
that his physical disqualification was occa-
sioned by wounds received in the line of his
duty, and that such wounds .do not incapaci-
tate him for other duties in the grade to which
he shall be promoted.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
rate of pay of officers of the Navy on the re-
tired list and not on duty, nor retired on fur-
lough pay, in cases where such rate of pay has
not heretofore been fixed by law, shall be one
half of the pay to which such officers would be
entitled if on duty at sea. And the pay of
clerks of navy-yards, of clerks to command-
ants of navy-yards, and of clerks to naval
storekeepers, is hereby increased twenty-five
per cent upon their present salaries, from the
commencement of the present fiscal year.
Sec. S. And be it further enacted, That the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury be,
and they are hereby authorized in the settle-
ment of the accounts of the disbursing officers
of the Navy and Marine corps to allow, sub-
ject to the approval of the Secretary of the
Navy, such credits for losses of property and
funds as have occurred during the late rebel-
lion and as shall occur hereafter, and which
shall appear to them by such vouchers and
testimony as they shall require to have been
occasioned by accidental circumstances, or a
condition of things over which such officers
had no control and for which they are not
justly responsible.
Approved, July 28, 1866.
