3824
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
gated; each made his own statement of the
transaction as it took place, and they were
then examined and cross-examined.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. They were examined,
then, simply as witnesses?
Mr. SPALDING-. Simply as witnesses to
show the transaction.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Were they apprised?
Mr. SPALDING-. They were never at any
time apprised that they were charged with any
violation of the privileges of the House until
the report was made.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. I desire to make one
further inquiry: whether there is any evidence
whatever against Mr. McGrew and Mr. Grigsby
of any intention of being present at any diffi-
culty between Messrs. Gkinxell and Rous-
seau, or whether either of them had any notice
or expectation that it was to take place at the
time, and whether the report does not show
expressly that no one, except perhaps Mr.
Pennybaker, had any idea that the afl'air was
to take place.
Mr. SPALDING. In answer to the gentle-
man I say distinctly that there was no evidence
before the committee to show that either Col-
onel Grigsby or Dr. McGrew knew that this
conflict was to take place when they came to
the House or until they saw it actually com-
mence at the Capitol. And I say further, that
it appears, so far as the examination shows the
fact, that they had pistols in their pockets by
accident and not by design. ■
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Does it not appear fur-
ther in the testimony—it seems to be so in the
report—that those two gentlemen had no idea
of taking any part in the transaction, but all
they admit is, simply, that in case a difficulty
had occurred by the interference of outside
parties then they might have interfered ?
Mr. SPALDING. I think it is not best to
refine upon it too much. I will state the facts
and the testimony as they were given. Those
two gentlemen both disclaim having any knowl-
edge of the chastisement intended to be in-
flicted by the member from Kentucky upon
the member from Iowa. They both protested
that they had no knowledge when they came
to the Hall of the House that it was to take
place. They followed up the other gentlemen
for the purpose of accompanying them home
to their lodgings; but they both agree that they
had loaded pistols in their pockcts, that they
stood up in a convenient position during the
time the blows wore struck, and that they both
would have interfered if there had been an in-
terference by outsiders in favor of either of the
parties, Mr. Rousseau or Mr. Giuxx'elt.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Exactly.
Mr. SPALDING. Ihat I understand to
mean, in case there was to be a free fight.
[Laughter.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. They did not either of
them admit that they expectcd any such thing;
on the contrary, they stated that they did not
expect it.
Mr. SPALDING. That is so.
Mr. JOHNSON. I desire to call attention
to one or two points in the report. The gen-
tleman stated that these outside gentlemen said
they intended to interfere". I understand him
m his repoiL, and in the substance of his state-
ment here, to suy that they had no previous
intention, but when they saw this thing going
on they made up their minds that if there was
tlleu they would go in.
Mr. SiALDING. Decidedly so.
. Mr JOHNSON. Another point. I had
intended to submit some remarks, but finding
my health will not permit it, I merely call at-
tention to these points. It is stated in the
report that "three persons ware present as
inends of Mr. Rousseau." It strikes me that
that language is too strong. It conveys the
uiea that they were there by previous arrange-
ment. It ought to read, it seems to me, that
three persons were present who were friends
of Mr. Rousseau not implying that they were
there as ins friends.
■ J"1' SPALDING. It would be more proper
*o say. one of them, Colonel Pennybaker, was
July 16,
present by previous arrangement, and two of
them by accident, or without any design. They
did not know, they spy, and there is no proof
that tliey knew, that the assault was to be com-
mitted, but they were there with pistols in their
pockets.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then I will suggestin this
connection, that the fact that they were there
with revolvers in their pockets does not indi-
cate that they intended to use them on that
occasion; because they did not put them in
their pockets with reference to this transaction.
I call attention to this passage on page 2 of
the report—
"On the part of Mr. GrRisrtfELL it was aliened that
his character had been publicly assailed by Mr. Rous-
seau on the floor of the House and elsewlicie in such
manner as to provokeand justify the remarks he had
made."
Passing over the next paragraph, I now read
the following:
" Nothing occurred in the course of the inquiry to
indicate that Mr. Gkinxell was actuated in the
slightest degree by malice or personal feeling toward
Mr. Rousseau."
It strikes me that there is some inconsistency
in those two paragraphs of the report.
Mr. SPALDING. That is hardly a legiti-
mate subject of inquiry. The gentleman is
putting his own construction on the language
of the report. I will yield now to my colleague
on the committee, the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Raymond.]
Mr. RA.YMOND. I desire at present sim-
ply to move an amendment to the resolutions
reported by the majority of the committee;
and it is, to strike out the first resolution re-
ported by the majority and to insert in lieu
thereof the resolution reported by the minority
of the committee, which is as follows:
Resolved, That Hon.LovELLH.RocssEAUbesum-
motipd to the bar ot the House and be there publicly
reprimanded by the Speaker for the violation of the
rights and privileges of the House, of which he was
euilfy in toepcrsonalassttulteommitted by him upon
Hon. J. i>. Ubixxell for words spoken in debate.
I understand that my colleague [Mr. Hale]
desires to move an amendment to that amend-
ment, and I therefore refrain from any remarks
at present, although I shall be glad, if the House
sees fit to indulge me, to make some remarks
on the general question before the debate is
closed.
Mr. HALE. I will proceed to-night, or yield
for a motion to adjourn, if the House pleases.
[Criesof "Go on!"] Then I offer the amend-
ment which I send to the Clerk's desk as a sub-
stitute for the first two resolutions reported by
the committee.
The SPEAKER. The amendment of the
gentleman's colleague [Mr. Raymond] is to the
first resolution, and the gentleman's amend-
ment must apply to that.
Mr. HALE. What I wish is to substitute my
amendment for the one offered by my colleague,
and also for the second resolution reported by
the committee.
The SPEAKER. That will not do. The
amendment to the amendment must cover no
more ground than the amendment itself.
Mr. SPALDING. I ask for separate votes
upon the resolutions reported by the com-
mittee.
Mr. HALE. I ask my colleague [Mr. Ray-
mond] to withdraw his amendment, so as to
enable me to offer mine as a substitute for the
first two resolutions reported by the committee.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Spalding] has demanded a separate vote
on the resolutions, and therefore the gentleman
fiom New York cannot move his amendment
as a substitute for two resolutions. He can
move it as a substitute for the first resolution,
and if it be adopted, he can move to lay the
second resolution on the table.
Mr. HALE. I accept the suggestion of the
Chair, and now offer the following as an amend-
ment to the amendment of my colleague:
Eemlved, That thi^ House, whilooxprossin it<=un-
qua lined condemnation and reprobation of the prac-
flnm-nf tifl'ir reflection and remarks upon the
Jl° • ¥.' ft lefleotln« upon tho character of
members m the House, and acts of violence toward
members upon any provocation of words, however
severe and unmerited; and while expressly asserting
its power and authority to protect the privileges of
its members, both as respects person and character,
yet, under all the circumstances of the ease, deem it
inexpedient to take any further action in tho matter
of privilege now pending, so far as affecting Hon.
iiovellli.RocssKAuandHon. JosiaiiB. Geinxell.
Finding myself, as I do, differing from the
conclusions of the entire committee of investi-
gation m this case, it is with great hesitation
that I have offered the proposition I have sub-
mitted. And I wiH now proceed to discuss it.
The^ committee ^which was appointed by the
Chair was certainly a com'mittee which com-
manded and now commands my entire confi-
dence, as I have no doubt it did that of the
House. It was a committee so composed as
to be unobjectionable to every one, satisfactory
to the friends of every party.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. It is now
getting to be late. "Will the gentleman from
£ew York [Mr. Hale] yield to me to make a
motion to adjourn ?
Mr. HALE. I will yield for that purpose.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I move that
the House now adjourn.
The question was taken ; and upon a divis-
ion, there were—ayes 00, noes 44.
And accordingly (at four o'clock and twenty
minutes p. m.) the House adjourned.
petition.
The following petition was presented under the rule
and referred to the appropriate committee :
By Mr. PERIIAM: The memorial of temporary
clerks m the Patent Office, in regard to the continu-
ance of their employment.
IN SENATE.
Monday, July 1G, 1866.
Prayer by Rev. A. D. Gillette, D. D., of
Washington.
On motion of Mr. STEWART, andby unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
Saturday last was dispensed with.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Providence, Rhode Island, praying for
the enactment of a law preferring for appoint-
ment to all offices persons honorably discharged
from the military or naval service who have
served for a period of three years during the
rebellion; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
kepok.ts of committees.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia, to whom was
referred a joint resolution (II. R. No. 17G)
amendatory of a joint resolution entitled "A
resolution respecting bounties to colored sol-
diers, and the pensions, bounties and allow-
ances to their heirs," approved June lo. 18G6,
reported it with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a resolution instructing' the com-
mittee lo inquire into the expediency of pro-
viding a system of education for soldiers, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
Ho also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a resolution instructing the com-
mittee to inquire into the expediency of re-
stricting all brevet promotions to such officers
as have actually served in the field, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration ;
which was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred a joint resolution (S. R.
No. Ill) for the relief of Sergeant Milton Mc-
Ivinnon, reported it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Janes, Fowler,
liirtland & Co., praying for compensation for
damages resulting from the suspension by the
Government of the work on tho dome of the
Capitol from May, 18C1, t0 Mav, sub-
muted a report accompanied by a bill (S. No.
tri '°r rc:^0^ of Janes, Fowler, Kirtland
, ' was read and passed to a sec-
ond reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
