1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GrLOBl.
to
Congress,_ in a case which came up from the
then Territory of Michigan, in these words:
"The committee consider that it is only required
of them to ascertain who had the greatest number of
legal votes actually given at the election."
And in determining this fact the local law
has been regarded as advisory and directory,
and only so far essential as its violation was
proof of fraud in the election. And the House
has been controlled by the "greatest number
of votes," provided they were actually given by
qualified voters at a time when the whole people
understood they were to vote for a member of
Congress.
But the gentleman claims that under another
provision of the Constitution of the United
States the qualifications of an elector for a
member of Congress are required to be the
same as the qualifications of an elector for a
member of the most numerous branch of the
State Legislature ; and inasmuch as these sol-
diers, under the decision of the court, could
not vote for members of the State Legislature,
therefore, they could not vote for members of
Congress. The matter of fact is these soldiers
did vote for members of the most numerous
branch of the State Legislature; and when the
question of the right of a member to hold the
seat to which he had been elected by the sol-
diers' vote cam/up in that body, it'was decided
that they were entitled to hold the seats. And
the men thus elected are to-day members of the
Legislature of Michigan. This question, hav-
ing been decided by the Legislature before the
court made its decision, was reconsidered and
reaffirmed after the court had made its decision.
And that court itself has since recognized the
complete right, and duty of each House to de-
cide this question upon its own judgment with-
out reference to the action of the court.
I have here a copy of the Journal of the
proceedings of the most numerous branch of
the State Legislature of Michigan for 1805, and
without going minutely into particulars, I find
it here recorded that on the 7th of January the
House took up the report of the select commit-
tee, to whom had been referred the contested-
election case from the first district of Oakland
county, and by vote awarded the seat to the
claimant who had received the greatest number
of votes, counting the soldiers' vote. The decis-
ion of this case seems to have been regarded
as a virtual decision of all the cases, and the
contestants either withdrew or suspended their
claims and went to their homes. But after the
decision of the court in regard to the county
officers, upon which I have already commented,
was made, they came back and renewed and
pressed their claims. And I find recorded that
on the 28<1 and 25th days of February the House
again took up these cases and voted seriatim
on each and every one of them, and confirmed
the seats to thou.' who had been elected by the
soldiers' vote.
I have also in my hand a decision of the su-
preme court of Michigan, certified to by the
reporter of that court, iu which, in reply to an
argument against the validity of one of the
enactments of that Legislature, because its pas-
sage had depended upon the votes of these men,
who it was claimed had not been legally elected,
Judge Cooley. in giving the opinion of the court,
which was concurred in by all the judges, dis-
tinctly affirms that upon the question of its own
membership each House of the Legislature is
clothed with ''judicial power to decide both as
to the law and'the facts." and that " no other
body or court has a right to review its decis-
ion.'' 1 plead this decision ofthe supreme court
of Michigan, which the gentleman affects to so
much respect, in answer to all his newspaper
twaddle about the action of that Legislature
with which he has attempted to enlighten this
House.
But, Sir. Speaker, in regard to this matter |
of qualifications of electors. The votcsofthe=e .
soldiers were rejected by the court lor no want i
of qualification in tho elector. The ofTeriug to I
vote, the place of voting, or even the act of;
voting, forms no part of the qualifications ot
an elector. The supreme court of Michigan ]
made no such decision as the gentleman claims.
They made no decision whatever in regard to
the qualifications of an elector. They simply
decided that the place where the vote must be
cast must be in the township or ward where the
voter resides. The gentleman asserts that "the
supreme court of Michigan holds that the place
of voting is a qualification." Let us appeal to
the record and see. First, Mr. Justice Chris-
tiancy in his opinion in that case says:
"With these preliminary observations I proceed to
an examination of the specific question involved in
the present case. Does the Constitution prohibit the
Legislature from authorizing, as they purport to have
done by this act, the qualified electors of this State
who maybe absent in the military service of this State
or of tbajHUnited States to vote foi officers of the State
and national Governments at any other place than the
township in which they respectively reside,and while
they arc absent from sueli township ?"
The specific question then involved in that
case was, according to this judge, as to the
place where the qualified electors may vote. If
they were already qualified doctors, as he dis-
tinctly calls them, the place of voting adds
nothing to their qualifications. It is not Justice
Christiancy, then, who holds that the place of
voting forms part of the qualification.
Next Mr. Justice Cooley says:
"Wo find, then, on looldnginto the history of this
provision, that tho constitution of 1835, ai'terfixing the
qualifications of electors, added this negative clause,
that 'no such citizen or inhabitant shall be entitled
to vote,'" &c.
And it was this negative clause, subsequently
amended by the people in 1839, which, he claims,
"Clearly requires the personal presence of tho voter
in tho township or ward of his residence as a condi-
tion of his right to yoto."
Not as a qualification, but "as a condition of
his right to vote." And this negative clause
was added, he declares,'' afterthe qualifications
had been fixed."
It is not Justice Cooley, then, who decidcd
that the "place of voting is a qualification."
Next, as to Justice Campbell; and these are
all the judges who concurred in the decision.
He says, quoting part of the paragraph to which
I have already called the attention ofthe House:
"And we are only concerned, therefore, in determin-
ing whether tho constitution of Michigan has pre-
vented the State Legist aturelrom exercising complete
control over t.he locality of elections; and -whether, if
that control is limited, tho limitation is applicable to
the subject before us."
This is his method of stating the specific
question involved in tho case.
Nov/, let us see how ho decides this specific
question. In the concluding paragraph of his
opinion ho says:
"In 183S an amendment was proposed, and subse-
quently adopted^in thcie word--: 'thatsomuch ofthe
first, section of the second article of tho constitution
a*= prescribes the pi ace where an elector may vote, and
which is in these words, to wit, "district, county, or
township," bo abolished, and the following be substi-
tuted tliercfor, to wit, "township or ward.'"
Judge Campbell proceeds:
"Here wo have tho construction by the peoplo
themselves, as tho authors of the constitution, de-
claims this provision to be one of place, and making
a chance which could be of no avail execpfc on that
supposition. I cannot, therefore, attach to it any
other meaning than that tho voter must cast his vote
personally in his own township or ward."
Judge Campbell then distinctly affirms, as
the people of Michigan themselves have af-
firmed, that this provision refers to the "place
where an elector may vote." Of course the
constitution speaks of no other electors but
qualified electors.
So fin- from any of these opinions asserting
that the place of voting is a qualification, they
all concede that the qualifications exist prior
to and independent of the place of voting. I
am to-day standing hero nearly a thousand
miles from the township of my residence as
undoubtedly a qualified voter of that township
as if I had never been out of it.
So were these soldiers, and if they had gone
home, as many did, and readied the voting
places in the townships of their residence the
last hour, nay, the last minute before tho polls
were closed, no power on earth couWlegally
have prevented them from \oting, notwith-
standing the eonstiiution of the State requires
a ten days' residence immediately preceding
the election.
No, sir, these men possessed all the qualifi-
cations of voters, and the decision of the court
simply declares that their votes were null and
void in tho case then before it, because they
were not east at the places where, in the opin-
ion of a majority of the court, the State con-
stitution requires the election ofStateand county
officers to be held.
And I here again call attention to the fact
that by the Constitution of the United States
these three things, call them by whatever name
you may, elements of qualification or legal
requisites, or mere incidents as they are, "the
times, places, and manner of holding elections
for members of Congress" are expressly re-
served from the control of the State constitu-
tions. And I apprehend no man will claim that
the State constitution may, by indirection, by
calling these three things qualification of elect-
ors, obtain a control over them which it is ex-
pressly restrained and prohibited from exer-
cising.
This view is greatly confirmed by an exami-
nation of the concluding words of the para-
graph under consideration:
"The times, plaoes, and manner of holding elections
for Senators aftd Representatives shall be prescribed
in each State by the Legislature thereof; but Congress
may at any time by law malic or alter such regula-
tions, except as to the places of choosing Senators."
This exception ofthe " places of choosing Sen-
ators" shows that this very subject of the place
of voting was in the minds of theframersof that
instrument, and by these closing words of the
paragraph the place of voting is distinctly re-
served to the ultimate control of Congress.
Now, then, it is claimed by the honorable gen-
tleman, and I freely admit it, that the power to
fix the qualifications of voters is granted to the
States, beyond the control of Congress.
If, now, the State may make the place of
voting part of the qualification, Congress, having
no power to interfere with the qualifications or
voters, cannot " make or alter" any regulations
in regard to it,.
Hence, we are driven to the conclusion that
the framers of the Constitution cither under-
stood that the place of voting forms no part of
tho qualifications of an elcctor, or else they in-
serted into that instrument a meaningless and
impotent provision to regulate a-matter which
they had already surrendered entirely to the
control of tho States.
I do no tbelieve that the framers of that Con-
stitution, whose adaptability to all times and all
circumstances has been so gloriously illustrated
in the terrible struggle through which we have
just passed, have inserted into that instrument
any meaningless provisions.
Hence, 1 adopt the other alternative, and con-
fidently assert that they understood that the
place of voting could form no part of the quali-
fications of the voter.
The Michigan soldiers' voting law was care-
fully guarded in this respect. None but qual-
ified electors, nay, more, none but those who
were registered as qualified electors in the town-
ships of their residence, were allowed to vote.
And the votes of many who claimcd and desired
to exercise the right to vote were rejectod for
want of proof of registration in the townships
where they claimed to reside. So carefully did
the law guard the sanctity of the ballot-box, that
in all the contests which have arisen under it-
alic! I believe there were about fifty eases of
contest—I have heard no word of fraudulent
voting. And the gentleman himself, in the
papers which he has filed in this case, makes
no question here on that score, but simply de-
nies the validity of the law for want of power
in the Legislature to pass it. I think I have
shown that the Legislature does possess the
power to pass the law in case of tho election of
members of Congress, deriving it, from the high-
est source of authority, the Constitution ofthe
United States, by which it is made the duty of
the Legislature lo prescribe the timer,, places,
and manner of holding elections for members
of Congress."
I think I have also shown that there is no
colli-ion betv, "en the decision of the .supreme
court of Michigan and the decision which 1 ask
