1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1905
Mr. KASSON. I move to amend section
six by changing the word "commissioner" to
the plural, and making the corresponding
change in the pronouns "he" and "his,"
and by inserting the word "severally" after
the word "sworn."
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. KASSOX. I move further to amend
by adding at the end of the section these words,
"not exceeding ten dollars per day for each
day of actual service;" so that the section will
read:
Sr:c. 6, Andbe it further enacted, That the commis-
sioner to be appointed as aforesaid shall, boloro pro-
ceeding to the discharge of his duties, be sworn that
he will carefully examine the accounts existing be-
tween the United States :mrl the State of Missouri,
and that ho will, to the best of his ability, make a
just, true, and impartial statement thereof, as re-
quired by this act. He shall reccive such compensa-
tion lor his services as may be determined by the
Secretary of the Treasury, not exceeding ten dollars
per day for each day of actual service.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to strike out "$7o,-
000" in section seven, andiusert " $15,089 65;"
so that the section will read:
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the sum of
$6,715,089 05 be, and the same is hereby, appropriated
to carry this act into effect.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. I move further to amend
the last section by adding at the end thereof
the words "or so much thereof as shall be
necessary." It i's the customary clause.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WEIGHT. I have an amendment to
propose which I think will get rid of a good
deal of difficulty about this bill:
Provided, That no part of the money mentioned in
this act shall be paid by the Secretary of the Treasury
until thereportot paidcominissionersshallhavebcen
examined and approved by the Secretary of War,
which commissioners shall lay before theSecretaryof
War the evidenee upon which said award was made.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman perhaps
lias overlooked an amendment made by the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Wasiiburxe,]
providing that the same thing precisely shall be
done by the Secretary of the Treasury. That
is already a part of the bill.
Mr. WRIGHT. If the gentleman from Illi-
nois says that the proviso he inserted is the
same, I withdraw it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The com-
mittee on my motion inserted an amendment
that the testimony shall be transmitted to the
Secretary of the Treasury to be examined by
him, and if the account shall be found to be
correct he shall pay the same.
Mr. WRIGHT. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. STEVEN'S. I move lhat the committee
rise, and report the bill and amendments.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Thaykr reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union had had under consideration
the Union generally, and especially Senate bill
No. 31, to reimburse the State of Missouri for
moneys expended for the United States in
enrolling, equipping, and provisioning militia
forces to aid in suppressing the rebellion, and
had directed him to report the same back to
the House with sundry amendments.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 call the previous ques-
tion on the bill and amendments.
The previous question was seconded, and
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the amendments reported
from the Committee of the Whole were sever-
ally agreed to.
The bill as amended was then read a third
time.
The question was upon the passage of the
bill: and upon a division there weie ayes 67,
noes 'lo.
The SPEAKER voted in the affirmative,
making a quorum.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. LE BLOND called for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
Upon ordering the yeas and nays there
were—ayes seventeen; not one fifth of the
members present.
39tii Coxfi. 1st Sess.—No. 120.
Mr. LE BLOND called for tellers upon
ordering the yeas and nays.
Upon ordering tellers there were—ayes four-
teen; not a sufficient number.
So tellers were refused, and the yeas and
nays were refused.
The bill was accordingly passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed: and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LEAVE OP ABSENCE.
Mr. FINCK asked and obtained leave of
absence for his colleague, Mr. Le Blond, for
two weeks.
KOIIMAN J. HALT;.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill for the relief of Norman
J. Hall; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. WASHBUBNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was re-
ferred ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. SPALDING,
(at four o'clock and forty minutes p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c.,were presented under
the rule and referred to the appropriate committees :
By the SPEAKER: The petition of John W. Zig-
ler, W. A. Place, W. A. Banks,H. P. Lans. and many
others, of Laportecounty, Indiana, askingan increase
of duty on foreign unwashed wool competing with
American wools, and doubling of duty on washed
wools and tripling on scoured wools.
By Mr. BAXTER: The petition ot Marion M. Bux-
ton, widow of James H. Buxton, United Slates Navy,
asking to be placcd on the pension rolls.
By Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas: The memorial of J.
N. Bourassa, A. F. Kovarres, and B. H. Bertrand,
delegates of the Pottawatomie Indians, praying lor
an appropriation of the sum of fclt>4,5S-i To, arising
from Stipulations contained m the various treaties
between the Pottawatomie Indians and the United.
Statts.
By Mr. DAVIS: The petition of Charles B. Stuart,
of the State of New York, asking for rehef.
By Mr. ECKLEY: The petition ot 08 citizens of
Stark county, Ohio, asking additional duty on wool.
By Mr. FARNSWORTlI: The petition of K S.
Smith, and a large number of others, citizens of
Batavia, Illinois, in favor of a uniloim system of
insurance.
Also, the petition of S. E. Hyde, and numerous
others, citizens of De Kalb county, Illinois, tor an
increased tariff upon wool.
Also, the petition of N. H. Powers, and others, citi-
zens ot Do Kalb county, Illinois, tor a tax of two dol-
lars a year upon dogs.
By Mr. FEitR\': The memorial of citizens of Lm-
met county, Michigan, praying lor the restoration to
} market of railroad grant lands and the proceeds
[ thereof be applied to railroad purposes.
! Also, the petition of many citizens of Ionia, Michi-
I gan, praying for the passage of alawregulaunginter-
! State insurances of all kinds.
! Also, a like memorial ot many citizens of Green-
i ville, Michigan.
Br Mr. OARFIELDThe petition of L. b. Gold-
I smith, and G- others, citizens of Ashtabula county,
i Ohio, praying for an increased protection of Ameri-
can wool. ,
Also, the petition of N". L. Wann, and 122 others,
citizens of Portage county, Ohio, 011 the same subject.
Aleo, the petition of E. O. Lyman, and 33 others,
citizens ot Geauga county, Ohio, 011 the same subject.
Also, the petition of Thomas Hawkins, and 119
otheis, citizens of Mahoning county, Ohio, on the
same subject.
Also, the petition of Charles M. \v arren, and tS
others, citizens ot Mineral Ridge, Mahoning county,
Ohio, praying for an increased protection to Ameri-
can manufacturing and mining interests.
Also, the petition of Charles H.Andrews, and 50
others, citizens of Youngstown, Ohio, on the same
subi cot.
Also, the petition of Charles Benedict, and20othcrs,
citizens of Bruceville, Trumbull countj, Ohio, pray-
ing foi the equalization of soldiers' bounties.
Al^o, the petition of Almon D. U ebb, and 32 others,
citizens of Trumbull county, Ohio, asking the passage
of a law by Congress to regulate and protect insur-
ance companies. . .
Bv Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa: The petition of J. L.
A. Crosby, and others, asking Congress to enact just
and equal laws for the regulation of inter-State msur -
anoes of all kinds. Src.
Bv Mr. HUBBELL, of Ohio: The petition of J. E%
Cntiil, and 0(3 others, citizens and wool-growers _oi
Union county, Ohio, praying for increased duties
upon foreisrn wools. _
By Mr.LOXGYEAR: The petition of James Gould,
and 48 others, of Jackson, Michigan, asking ior ju«t
and equal laws regulating inter-State insurance.
Also, the remonstrance of A. E. Steele, and 116
others, citizons of Ingham county, Michigan, against
an extension ol the Amboy, Lansing, and Traverse
Bay railroad land grant to the company of that
name.
By Mr. M00RIIEAD: The memorial from the
Board of Trade, Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, praying
for congressional action to authorize the construc-
tion or completion of thcPittsburg andConnelisville
railroad to Cumberland, Maryland.
By Mr. MOULTON: The petition of Miss Susan
Y. Amoneih, praying for indemnity for losses. &e.
By Mr. MYERS: The petition of Lewis Ladamus
and William P.Ellison, ot Philadelphia,representing
tliecstate of John Moore, deceased, owners of square
No, 760 East Capitol street, between Second and Third
streets, Washington, District of Columbia, occupied
by the Government since 1861, asking Congress for
the passage of an act to pay them vent for the same.
Also, the petition of tanners aticl manufacturers of
Americancalt-skins, to relieve themtrom the revenue
tax and increase the tariifon said aitieJes.
Also, the memorial of Dr. Wilson Jewell, for a
change in the present quarantine laws: praying,
also, lor a strict code of internal hvgienic 1 eg illations,
as the quarantine system of itself has always failed
to prevent the spread of great epidemic diseases.
By Mr. PAINE: The petition ot E. A. Hubbard,
and 6U others, citizen* of Tioy, Walworth county,
Wisconsin, lor tariff on foreign wools.
Also, the petition of G eorge V. W eeks, and 90 others,
citizens of Lyons, Walworth county, Wisconsin, for
imposition of specific duties on foreign woo).
Also, the petition of S.F. Feeld, and 170others, citi-
zens of East Troy, Walworth county, Wisconsin, for
specific duties on foreign wools.
By Mr. PER11AM: The petition of Mrs. Charlotte
E. Reed, lor a pension.
By Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts : The petition of
Prutt & Womworth, ai*d others, praying for a reduc-
tion of the internal revenue tax 011 stoves.
By Mr. WILLIAMS: Thepetition of wool-growers
of Butler county, Pennsylvania, praying ior an in-
crease of duties on foreign wools,
Also, thememorial of manufacturers of leather and
shoes 111 Butler county, Pennsylvania, asking ior
removal of internal duties on the former article.
At-o, the memorial (being the second to-day) of
wool-growers ot Butler countyv Pennsylvania, pray-
ing for an increase of duties, on wool.
D.,
IN SENATE.
Thursday. April 12, 18G6.
The Chaplain. Rev. E. II. Grat, D.
offered the following prayer:
<), Lord God, we come to-day to commem-
orate the virtues and rehearse the deeds of an
honest man, a wise statesman, an eloquent
orator, and the father of the Senate. We
thank Thee that Thou hast given the country
such a man, that his life has been spared so
long, and his influence has been felt for so
many years in this body and in the nation.
We "thank Thee that when the storm of war
and death swept down itpon us and over (he
land, whoever else may have wavered and fal-
tered, he stood firm as the hills of his mount-
ain State, and whoever may have stained his
record, his remained unsullied and pure to the
last. We thank Thee that when he came to
die he fell with the armor on and laid him
down quietly to depart, amid surrounding
angels and a vision of the glories of heaven,
as his released spirit was borne to the skies.
O Lord, in calling away Thy servant the
nation is bereaved; the Senate mourn? : a State
has been widowed; and a family crushed with
a great burden of sorrow and of grief. Let the
assurances of Thy Word and the promises of
the Gospel sustain and support all these mourn-
ers; and we ask that Thy blessing also may be
upon Thy servant who has been called to take
the vacant, chair and assume the responsibil-
ities of the departed. O, Lord, let the mantle
of his illustrious predecessor fall on him.
We ask that Thy blessing may be upon us
to-day. and upon the solemn services that may
transpire in this House. May we all be taught
so to number our days that we may applv our
hearts unto wisdom, and may we be girded for
the great responsibilities of life and be pre-
pared for all the dispensations of Thy provi-
dence ; and when -«e ourselves^ are called to
depart, may w e lay us down to die in the midst
of surrounding angels and in full view of the
glories of heaven, and amid the benedictions
of our Father, saying. "Well done, well done;
come up higher." Amen.
The .Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
COMMITTEE SEKVICE.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
