1906
mr. Ebmcxds to fill the vacancy in the Com-
mittee on Pensions, occasioned by the decease
of Hon. Solomon Foot, agreeably to the order1
of the Senate of the 10th instant.
petitions AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. CLARK presented the petition of Jam
Newell, in which she alleges that she was th<
lawful owner of the steamboat H. R. W. Hill
which was taken possession of by the Govern
ment and used by it; which was referred to thi
Committee on Claims.
He also presented the petition of Jame;
Pool, praying that he may be allowed interest
on his accounts for moneys expended for sup-\
plies for the Shawnee Indians from the time
when certified by the Second Auditor to be due
him to the time of their payment; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. CLARK. I also present the petition of
Michael Blessing, a citizen of Memphis, Shelby
county, Tennessee, in which he alleges that
he was the owner of the steamboat Jeff. Davis,
which was taken and used by the Government,
and he prays compensation therefor. I think
the Committee on Claims a good place for Jeff.
Davis; I move its reference there.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL presented a petition of manu-
facturers of mineral waters, &c., in the District
of Columbia, praying for an alteration of the
laws regulating the bottling of mineral water,
&c., in the District so as to protect them in
their business: which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
bills introduced.
Mr. NORTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 2GS) to authorize the Winona and St. Peter
Railroad Company to construct a bridge across
the Mississippi river and to establish a post
route; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. NORTON. I move that it be referred
to-the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BROWN. I move that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads. They have the same subject under
their consideration already 111 regard to bridges
across the Mississippi, and it would be proper
that it should go there.
Mr. NORTON. I have no objection.
The bill was referred to the Committee on
Post Ofliccs aud Post Roads.
Mr. STEWART. I ask leave to introduce
a joint resolution as a substitute for the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 48) setting forth certain
conditions upon which the States, the people
of which have been lately in rebellion against
the United States, shall be restored to their
representation in Congress, for the purpose of
having it printed and referred to the joint com-
mittee on reconstruction. It is short and I should
. like to have it read.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a joint resolution (S. R. No. 62)
proposing an amendment to the Constitution
of the United States; also setting forth certain
conditions upon which the States, the people of
which have been lately in insurrection against
the United States, shall be restored to their
representation in Congress.
The joint resolution was read twice by its
title, and was read at length, as follows:
llesohed by the Seaate a.irl Hoyse of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
(two thirds of both Houses concurring,) That thefol-
lowing article bo proposed to the Legislatures of the
several States as an amendment to the Constitution
of the United States, "which, when ratified by three
fourths of said Legislatures, shall be valid to all in-
tents and purposes as a part of the said Constitution,
ijamoly:
Article —.
Sec. 1. All discriminations among the people be-
cause of racc, color, or previous condition of servi-
tude, either in civil rights or the right of suffrage, are
prohibited; but the States may exempt persons now
voters from restrictions on suffrage hereafter imposed.
Sec. 2. Obligations incurred in aid of insurrection
or of war against the Union, and claims for compen-
sation lor slaves emancipated, are void, and shal] not
be assumed or paid by any State or the United States.
Resolved by the Senate and Housp nf Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
That whenever any one of the eleven States whose
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
inhabitants were lately in insurrection, through a
Legislature elected by a constituency restricted in
the ris?ht of suffrage only by such laws as existed, in
such State in 1800, sha.ll have ratified the foregoing
amendments to the Constitution of the United States,
and shall have modified its constitution and laws in
conformity therewith, then, and in that case, such
State shall be recognized as having fully and validly
resumed its former relations with this Government,
and its chosen representatives shall be admitted into
the two Houses of the national Legislature, and a
general amnesty shall exist in regard to all persons in
such State who were in any way connected with armed
opposition to the Government of the United States,
wholly relieving them from all pains, penalties, or
disabilities to which they may have become liable by
reason of their connection with said insurrection.
The joint resolution was referred to the joint
committee of fifteen, and ordered to be printed.
 ' message feom the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
a bill (H. R. No. 50) to amend the fifth section
of an act entitled "An act donating public
lands to the several States and Territories
which may provide colleges for the benefit of
agriculture and the mechanic arts," approved
July 2, 1862, so as to extend the time within
which the provisions of said act shall be ac-
cepted and such colleges established, in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the bill
(S. No. 31) to reimburse the State of Missouri
for moneys expended for the United States in
enrolling, equipping, and provisioning militia
forces to aid in suppressing the rebellion, with
amendments, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had signed the following
enrolled joint resolutions; which were there-
upon signed by the President pro tempore:
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 44) authorizing
Commodore William Radford to accept a dec-
oration from the King of Italy;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 53) authorizing
Rear Admiral H. Paulding to accept a decora-
tion from the King of Italy ; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 58) respecting
the burial of soldiers who died in the military
service of the United States during the rebel-
lion.
soldier's individual memorial.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I am directed by the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads, to
whom was referred a bill (H. R. No. 471) to
provide that the '' Soldier's Individual Memo-
rial" shall be carried through the mails at the
usual rate of printed matter, to report it back
without amendment and with a recommenda-
tion that it pass, and I also ask for its present
consideration. It is but six lines and will lead
to no debate.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill, which provides that the orna-
mental records of the personal services of Fed-
eral officei'3 and soldiers, composed partly of
written and partly of printed matter, but con-
taining no private communications, and known
as the "Soldier's Individual Memorial," shall
be allowed to pass through the mails upon the
payment of the usual postage on printed matter.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
amboy and traverse bay railroad.
_ Mr. HENDRICKS. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was recommitted the bill
(S. No. 243) to extend the time for the rever-
sion to the United States of the lands granted
by Congress to aid in the construction of a rail-
road from Amboy, by Hillsdale and Lansing,
to some point on or near Traverse bay, in the
State of Michigan, and for the completion of
said road, have directed me to report the same
back with an amendment; and as it is but a
short bill of two sections, as amended, extend-
ing the time of the completion of a railroad, it
might as well be passed now as at any other
time. I think there will be no objection to it.
By unanimous consent, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Com-
mittee on Public Lands have reported the bill
with an amendment in the nature of a substi-
tute. The amendment only will be read, unless
some Senator calls for the reading of the ori-
ginal bill.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
■yas, to strike out all of the bill after the enact-
ing clause, and to insert in lieu thereof the
following:
That-thc time limited by the fourth section of an
act entitled "An act making a grant of alternate sec-
tions of the public lands to the State of Michigan, to
aid in the construction of certain railroads in said
State, and for other purposes," approved J line 3,1856,
for the completion of the railroad from Amboy, by the
way of Hillsdale and Lansing, to some point on or
near Traverse bay, shall be, and hereby is, extended
tor the period of seven years from and after the 3d
day of June,1866; and that any and all grants of land
to said road shall continue and remain in full force
and effect for and during that period, as if it had been
so provided insaid fourth section of said act of June
3,1856, forthe use and benefit ofthe Amboy, Lansing,
and Traverse Bay Railroad Company: Provided, That
that portion of the said road which is between Owasso
andSaginawCity shall befully completed and in read-
in ess for the running of trains thereon by the 1st day
of November, 1867, and that twenty miles of the road
be so completed during each and every year there-
after; and none of the lands shall be patented, as
hereinafter provided, to the State of Michigan upon
any portion of the road that may be so completed
south of Lansinguntilanetiualextentof road is com-
pleted north of Saginaw City; And provided further.
That if default be made in tho construction of the
road as above provided at the times above specified,
the said company shall forfeit all further right to tho
land grant as hereby extended.
Sec. 2. Andbeitfurtherenacted, Thatwhcneyerthe
Governor of the State of Michigan shall certify to
the Secretary of the Interior that any ten or more
consecutive miles of said road is completed in con-
formity with the provisions of this act and the act of
June 3,1856, stating definitely the commencement and
termination of such completed portion of said road,
the Secretary of the Interior shall cause patents of
such lands as said railroad company shall bo entitled
to, to be issued to the State of Michigan for the use
and benefit of said railroad company.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
house bill eei'ekeed.
The bill (H. R. No. 50) to amend the fifth
section of an act entitled "An act donating
public lands to the several States and Terri-
tories which may provide colleges for the ben-
efit of agriculture and the mechanic arts," ap-
proved July 2, 1862, so as to extend the time
within which the provisions of said act shall
be accepted, and such colleges established, was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
missouri militia claims.
Mr. BROWN. The bill for the reimburse-
ment of Missouri, which passed the Senate some
time ago, has been returned from the House
with some mingr corrections and amendments.
I wish to ask the Senate to concur in them,
and I therefore move to proceed to their con-
sideration.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the amendments of the
House of Representatives to the bill (S. No.
31) to reimburse the State of Missouri for mon-
eys expended for the United States in enrolling,
equipping, and provisioning militia forces to aid
in suppressing the rebellion.
The first amendment was after the word
"shall" in the fourth line of the first section
to insert the words "by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate;" and after the word
"appoint" in the same line to strike out the
words "a commissioner," and insert "three
commissioners;" so as to make the clause read :
The President shall, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, appoint throe commissioners,
whose duty it shall be to ascertain tin; amount of
moneys expended by the State of Missouri, &e.
Mr. BROWN. That amendment is simply
to require the concurrence of the Senate in the
appointment of these commissioners, and to
