3826;
THE. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
poses stated, "is to be expend'ed'imder the direc-
tion of the Department of State.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
C. T. FAY AND W. Y. PATCH.
Mr. CONNESS. I move now to proceed to
the consideration of the resolution that I named
a moment ago.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the joint resolution (S.
R. No. 132) authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to audit and settle the accounts of
Caleb T. Fay and William Y. Patch, late as-
sessor and collector of internal revenue at San
Francisco.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that the Secretary
be directed to insert a title to that resolution
and make it a joint resolution. It was intro-
duced as a concurrent resolution, but it should
properly be a joint resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator can modify his resolution as it suits Tiim.
Mr. CONNESS. I have done so. There is
a letter accompanying the resolution, from the
Secretary of the Treasury, which explains it
fully—a very short letter, which I ask to have
read, and then I shall ask for the present con-
sideration of the resolution.
The Secretary read the following letter:
Treasury Department, July 13,1866.
Dear Sir: I inclose to you herewith a proposed
resolution authorizing the settlementof the accounts
of Caleb T. Fay and William Y. Patch, late assessor
and collector of internal revenue at San Francisco,
upon an equitable and just basis.
From the report to me of clerks of this Department
appointed as a committee to investigate the accounts
of those officers, and to settle them, if possible, I am
satisfied that by reason of informality in the appoint-
ment of certain persons who acted and were paid by
the collector as assistant assessors, the accounts of
these gentlemen cannot be justly settled-without the
aid of some legislation like that proposed in accom-
panying resolution. I therefore desire to call the
attention of Congress through you to this subject.
Very respectfully, IL MCCULLOCH,
Secretary.
Hon. D. C. McRueb, m. 0.,
House of Representatives.
The joint resolution was read three times
and passed.
COMPENSATION OF OFFICERS OF SENATE.
Mr. WADE. I move to take up for consid-
eration Senate bill No. 411, fixing the com-
pensation of officers, clerks, messengers, and
others in the service of the Senate.
Mr. HOWE. I appeal to the Senator to
allow that bill to lie over until to-morrow, for
this reason: the Joint Committee on the Li-
brary have adopted a proposition which they
have instructed me to report as an amend-
ment to that bill. It has not yet been drawn
up ; and I wish the Senator would allow the
bill to lie over until to-morrow so as to allow
that amendment to be drawn up.
Mr. WADE. I will inquire whether the
proposition that the Committee on the Library
is deliberating upon covers the same ground
that this bill proposes to cover.
Mr. HOWE. The amendment does not
cover the same ground, but it has reference to
the pay of the officers of the Library.
Mr. WADE. That has nothing to do with
this measure.
Mr. HOWE. I was instructed to offer it as
an amendment to this bill.
Mr. WADE. I am afraid that this bill will
not pass at this session if it is longer delayed.
Mr. STEWART. I hope the Senator will
allow it to lie over temporarily until I can call
up a bill which will not take any time.
Mr. WADE. I will let it pass by for the
present, but I give notice that I shall call it
up again to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion is withdrawn.
l'ERRITOBY OF JIONTANA.
Mr. STEWART. I move to take up for
consideration House bill No. 4C6, which has
been reported from the Committee on Public
. Lands.
. The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (H.
R. No. 466) erecting the Territory of Montana
into a surveying district, and for other pur-
poses, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to erect the Territory of
Montana into a surveying district; and to au-
thorize the President of the United States, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
to appoint a surveyor general for that Territory,
who is to hold his office at such place in the
Territory as the Secretary of the Interior may
direct, but the location of his office may be
changed from time to time if, in the opinion of
the Secretary of the Interior, the public inter-
est should require it; and the powers, duties,
obligations, and responsibilities of the surveyor
general are to be the 'same as are now pre-
scribed by law for the surveyor general of
Oregon. His .salary is to be §>3,500 per an-
num for his services, with proper allowance
for clerk hire, office rent, and fuel; which
allowance is not to exceed the amount now
allowed, or that may hereafter be allowed by
law, to the surveyor general of Oregon.
The Committee on Public Lands reported
an amendment, which was to change the pro-
vision for the salary of the surveyor general
from $3,500 to §3,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. I offer the following amend-
ment in the shape of additional sections:
And be it further enacted. That the said Territory
of Montana be, and is hereby, created a land district,
to bear the name of said Territory, the district land
office of which shall be established at such place
within the land district as the President of the Uni-
ted States may from time to time direct.
And be it further enacted, That for the purpose of
carrying this act into effect, the President shall be,
aad he is hereby, authorized to appoint, by and with
the advico and consent of the Senate as in_ similar
eases, a register and receiver for said district, who
shall bo required to reside at the site of the district
land officcf and whose powers, duties, obligations,
and responsibilities, compensation and emoluments
shall be the same as now allowed by law for like
officers in Sew Mexico.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WADE. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in as an additional section:
And be it further enacted, That said surveyor gen-
eral shall select and survey eighteen alternate odd
sections of iron-mineral or timber lands within the
said district, for the New York and Montana Iron
Mining and Manufacturing Company, incorporated
under the laws of theState~of New York, which lands
the said company shall have immediate possession
of on payment of 61 25 per acre, and shall have a
patent for the same whenever, within two years after
their selection they shall have furnished evidence
satisfactory, to the Secretary of the Interior that they
hare erected and havo in operation on the said land
iron-works with a capacity for manufacturing fifteen
hundred tons of iron per annum: Provided, The said
lands shall revert to the United States in case the
above-mentioned iron-works be not erected within
the specified time: And provided. That until the title
to the said lands shall have been perfected the tim-
ber shall not be cut off from more than ono section
of the said lands.
The question being put, Mr. BUCKALEW
called for a division.
Mr. WADE. As a division is called for, I
wish to explain the amendment. It is cer-
tainly germane to the bill, and it propose* to
permit this company to make iron in Montana
and to have a certain number of the odd sections
surveyed by the surveyor general in making
his surveys for "that purpose, that they may
purchase them at the usual price ; but it is to
be land on which there are no minerals, but
wood alone : nor are they permitted to take
the wood, except upon one section, until t.hpy
have complied entirely with the grant, paid for
the land, and are making their iron according
to it. This amendment, I believe, fails to en-
counter any of the objections which were made
to the bill which was introduced before in re-
gard to this company. None of the objections
which the President had to the former bill ap-
ply to the provisions embodied in this amend-
ment, and I believe it meets the approbation
of most, if not all, the members of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands. I showed the amend-
ment to all the members of the committee who
were here at the time, and none of them had
any objection to it. I hope it will be adopted,
for I am sure nothing can be more beneficial
to the people of that Territory than this will
be if it is permitted to pass. I hope no oppo-
sition will be made to it.
Mr. POMERO Y. The amendment which the
Senator from Ohio ha? proposed is, I think,
free from the objections that were made to the
former bill on this subject. I certainly am
very willing that it should pass. I think there
should be no objection to it.
Mr. WADE. I showed it to all the mem-
bers of the committee who were present, but I
believe there are some now present who were
not here then.
_ Mr. BUCKALEW. I supposed it was pre-'
cisely the same measure that had been vetoed.
Mr. POMEROY. This is drawn to obviate
the objections of the President.
Mr. BUCKALEW. The only thing that oc-
curs to me in this sonnection, after the explana-
tion which has been made, is that it is a very
remarkable section which it is proposed now
to insert in this bill, that a certain survey shall
be made to a particular party, excepting the
case of those who are interested in this mining
company from the operation of the general
laws. I do not understand why we should
select out the particular mining company in
question and authorize them by act of Con-
gress to have particular sections ordered to be
surveyed to them. If they desire lands why do
they not go in and take them up under the gen-
eral laws? I do not understand the reason for
this discrimination, unless it be to give some
advantage which the general laws would not
confer upon them.
Mr. WADE. It gives them no advantage
over anybody else; it only anticipates the time
when these men can go and take all the land
they please by paying the Government price
for it. Those composing this company are very
anxious to try the experiment of making iron
in Montana now. It will be some time before
the land in that Territory will be surveyed.
The proposition in this bill is to appoint a sur-
veyor general to survey the Territory, but it
will take a good while to do it. Now, if these
men can secure wood enough to warrant them
in attempting this enterprise they want to do
it.^ There is no special advantage to them in
this section. There is no mineral land grant;
theresis nothing else in it than simply allowing
them to go in and locate themselves on this
land at once, so that they may find enough
wood to run a furnace to make iron.
Mr. JOHNSON. Are they to pay for the
land?
Mr. WADE. Certainly, pay for all the land
they get. They are anxious to pay for it. If
they do not pay for it they do not get it; and
if they do pay for it they do not get it unless
they make fifteen hundred tons of iron a year,
and it all comes back to the" United States.
There is nothing in the amendment but what
is perfectly patent on the face of it. Here is a
company who are willing to try the experi-
ment; they are wealthy men, they are excel-
lent business men, men of the highest charac-
ter, that have been led to believe that they can
do business there for their own benefit and
greatly to the benefit of the people of the Ter-
ritory if they can be permitted to go there and
set up a furnace and make a large quantity of
iron. But the difficulty under which they
labor, as everybody can see, is in regard to
securing title to woodland, for it will take a
good deal of woodland to run a furnace that is
worth anything. They have got to lay out,
they say, nearly two hundred thousand dollars
in their apparatus and in commcncing their
business, setting up a large furnace. The mo-
ment they begin to do it anywhere, everybody
will see that they will want a great deal of
wood and at once other men, taking advan-
tage of what they are about, seeing what they
want, will squat on all the woodland in the
vicinity, and then the company will be entirely
at the control of those who have got the wood
around them. This is a wild country, heavily
wooded. There is no trouble about wood in
Montana. If any gentleman has read the sur-
veys of that country, he will find that they all
represent it aa an exceedingly heavy wooded
