1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Laws of the United States.
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
No. 24.—A Resolution protesting against Par-
dons by Foreign Governments of Persons con'
victed of infamous Offenses, on Condition of
Emigration to the United States.
W bereas it appears from official correspond-
encethat the authorities of Basleland, a can-
ton in Switzerland, have recently undertaken
to pardon a person convicted of murder on the i
condition that he would emigrate to America, I
meaning thereby the United States; and there j
is reason to believe that similar pardons of per- '
sons convicted of infamous offenses have been |
granted in other countries: Now, therefore,
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Congress of the
United States protest against such acts as un-
friendly and inconsistent with the comity of
nations, and hereby requests the President of
the United States to cause a copy of this pro-
test to be communicated to the representatives
of the United States in foreign countries, with
instructions to present it to the Governments
where they are accredited respectively, and to
insist that no such acts shall, under any circum-
stances, be repeated.
Approved,, April 17, 1806.
No. 25.—A Resolution for the temporary Relief
of destitute People ill the District of Colum-
bia.
Resolved by the Senate and Mouse of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the sum of twenty-
five thousand dollars be, and the same is hereby, j
appropriated, out of any money in the Treas- j
ury not otherwise appropriated, for the tempo- !
rary relief of the destitute population in the I
District of Columbia, to be expended under j
the direction of the Commissioner of Freed- j
men's Bureau. i
Approved, April 17, 1866. j
and conspicuous share in that great and de-
cisive victory.-
Approved, April 21, 1866.
No. 29.—A Resolution for the Transfer of
Funds appropriated for the Payment of Sal-
aries in the Post Office Department to the
General Salary Account of that Department.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the unexpended bal-
ance on the books of the Treasury Depart-
ment,^ from the respective sums of money ap-
propriated by different acts of Congress, for
the salaries of Postmaster General, Assistant
Postmaster General, clerks, temporary clerks,
additional clerks, messengers, watchmen, la-
borers, and superintendent and clerks of the
raouey-order system, including the amounts
appropriated for the payment of twenty per
centum increase of certain salaries, (all of the
same being appropriations made by Congress
for the Post Office Department,) may be trans-
ferred on the books of the Treasury Depart-
ment, from the respective headings under
which they are now placed, to the credit of
the Post Office Department, to the general
salary account of funds placed to the credit
of the Post Office Department: Provided, That
this joint resolution shall not be construed to
increase the appropriations already made for
the service of the Post Office Department.
Approved, April 25, 1866.
No. 26.—Joint Resolution appointing Mana-
gers for the National Asylum for Disabled
Volunteer Soldiers.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following per-
sons be, and they are hereby, appointed man-
agers of the National Asylum for disabled vol-
unteer soldiers, under the provisions and con-
ditions of the third section of the act approved
March twenty-rtrce, [one] eighteen hundred
and sixty-six: Richard J. Oglcsby, of Illinois,
Benjamin F. Butler, of Massachusetts, and
Frederick Smyth, of New Hampshire, of the
first class, to serve six years; LewisB. Gunckel,
of Ohio. Jay Cook, of Pennsylvania, and P.
Joseph Osterhaus, of Missouri, of the second
class, to serve four years: John II. Martindale,
of New York, Horatio G. Stebbins, of Califor-
nia. and George II. Walker, of Wisconsin, of
the third class, to serve two years.
Approved, April 21, 1866.
No, 27.—Joint Resolution expressive of the
Thanks of Congress to Major General Win-
field S. IlancocL
Resolved l>;/ the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled. That, in addition to the
thanks heretofore voted by joint resolution,
approved January twenty-eighth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-four, to Major General George
G. Meade, Major General Oliver O. Howard,
and to the officers and soldiers of the army
of the Potomac, for the skill and heroic valor
which at Gettysburg repulsed, defeated, and
drove baek broken and dispirited the veteran
army of the rebellion, the gratitude of the
American people and the thanks of their rep-
resentatives in Congress are likewise due, and
are hereby tendered, to Major < ener.il mn-
fiekl S, Hancock, for his gallant, meritorious,
No. 31.—A Resolution making Appropriations
for the Expenses of collecting the Revenue
from Customs.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there be, and hereby
is, appropriated, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum
of two millions one hundred thousand dollars
for the expenses of collecting the revenue
from customs for each half year from and after
the last day of December, eighteen hundred
and sixty-five, and in addition thereto such
sums as may be received during said half year
from fines, penalties, and forfeitures connected
with the customs, and from storage, cartage,
drayage, and labor ; and the first section of an
"Act making appropriations for the expenses
of collecting the revenue from customs," ap-
proved June fourteen, eighteen hundred and
fifty-eight, be, and the same is, hereby re-
pealed.
Approved, May 3, 1866.
No. 32. — A Resolution expressive of the
Gratitude of the Nation to the Officers,
Soldiers, and Seamen of the United States.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That it is the duty and
the privilege of Congress to express the grati-
tude of the nation to the officers, soldiers, and
seamen of the United States, by whose valor
and endurance, on the land and on the sea,
the rebellion has been crushed and its pride
and its power have been humbled, by whose
fidelity to the cause of freedom the Govern-
ment of the people has been preserved and
- maintained, and by whose orderly return from
ij the fire and blood of civil war to the peaceful
I pursuits of private life the exalting and en-
i' nobling influence of free institutions upon a
nation has been so signally manifested to the
> j world.
• "< Approved, May 3, 1866.
■ ' No. 3-1.—A Resolution extending the Time for
ii the Completion of the Union Pacific Rad-
ii way. Eastern Division.
•j Resolved bythe Senate andHovse of Repre-
senfatires of the United States of America Ml
' Congress assembled. That the time for the com-
pletion of the first one hundred miles of rail-
road and telegraph Jine by the Leavenworth,
Papmee, and Western Railroad Company,
(since called the "Union Pacific Railway Com-
pany, eastern division,'') mentioned in the tenth
section of the charter of the Union Pacific
Railroad Company, of July first, one thousand
eight hundred and sixty-two, and in the fifth
section of the amendment thereof, of July sec-
ond, one thousand eight hundred and sixty-four,
be, and the same is hereby, extended until the
twenty-seventh day of June, one thousand eight
hundred and sixty-six; and that the time for
completing each succeeding section of one hun-
dred miles shall be reckoned from the said
twenty-seventh day of June in said year.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, That the
time for commencing and completing the North-
ern Pacific railroad, and all its several sections,
is extended for the term of two years.
Approved, May 7, 1866.
No. 35.—Joint Resolution to provide for the
Exemption of crude Petroleum from Inter-
nal Tax or Duty, and for other purposes.
Beit resolvedby the Senate and Houseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled. That paraffine oil, not ex-
ceeding in specific gravity thirty-six degrees
Baum6's hydrometer, the product of a resid-
uum of distillation; crude petroleum; and
crude oil, the product of the first and single
distillation of coal, shale, asphaltum, peat, or
other bituminous substances, shall, from and
after the passage of this joint resolution, be
exempt from internal tax or duty.
Approved, May 9, 1866.
No. 37.—Joint Resolution relative to the at-
tempted Assassination of the Emperor of
Russia.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Congress of the
United States of Americahas learned with deep
regret of the attempt made upon the life of the
Emperor of Russia, by an enemy of emanci-
pation. The Congress sends greeting to his
Imperial Majesty, and to the Russian nation,
and congratulates the twenty millions of serfs
upon the providential escape from danger of
the sovereign, to whose head and heart they
owe the blessings of their freedom.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, That the
President of the United States be^ requested
to forward a copy of this resolution to the
Emperor of Russia.
Approved, May 16, 1866.
No. 38.—Joint Resolution relative to the Courts
and Post Office of New York City.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the mayor and post-
master of the citv of New York, the district at-
torney for the United States at New York city,
the president of the Chamber of Commerce of
the State of New York, and Jackson S. Shultz,
Charles H. Russell, and Moses Tajdor, of New
York city, be appointed a commission to select;
a proper site for a building for a post- office and
for the accommodation of the United States
courts in the city of New Yorkj and that they
report to the Postmaster General and the Sec-
retary of the Interior, at their earliest con-
venience, the selection upon which they, or a
majority of them, may agree, and the price at
which such site can be purchased by the Gov-
ernment for the purposes contemplated in this
resolution, if a new site should be selected; and
that if said report shall meet the approbation
of the Postmaster General and the Secretary
of the Interior, they shall communicate the
same, with such additional suggestions as they
may think proper, to Congress.
Approved, May 16, 1866.
