1908
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
E. No. 150) for the relief of the administrators
and securities of Almon W. Babbitt, late sec-
retary of Utah, have instructed me to report it
back without amendment, and with a recom-
mendation that it pass. If there.be no matter
pressing, I should like to have it disposed of
now.
There being no objection, the bill (H. R.
No. 150) for the relief of the administrators
and securities of Almon W. Babbitt, late sec-
retary of Utah, was considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It recites that Almon W. Bab-
bitt, as secretary of the Territory of Utah, in
the summer of 1856, had advanced to him by
the Treasury Department, at the city of Wash-
ington, $26,500; that a portion of this sum was
properly expended by him in the purchase of
stationery, carpeting, and other property for
the offices of the Territory, and in the purchase
of oxen and wagons to transport the property,
together with a quantity of books, belonging to
the Territory, from Council Bluffs to Salt Lake
City ; and while upon the route, not far from
Fort Kearney, Babbitt and most of the men
with him. were murdered, the teams taken, and
property destroyed by Indians; and there is
now standing against Babbitt upon the books
of the Treasury Department a balance of $12,-
972; and it is satisfactorily proven that the
property destroyed by the Indians amounted in
value to a sum larger than said balance. It is
therefore proposed to release and discharge the
administrators, heirs, and securities of Babbitt
from the payment of the balance, and/rom all
liability on account of the same and of the
moneys received from the Treasury Depart-
ment by him.
Mr. I)OOLITTLE. The bill has passed the
House, and there is a brief report made by the
House committee. I have looked into the
papers and can state very briefly to the Senate
the facts. This man Babbitt was the secretary
of the Territory of Utah. The sum stated,
S26,500, was paid to him. He at Council
Bluffs started a train to go across to Utah, and
purchased some oxen and teams, and furniture,
&c., for the offices in the Territory. About a
week after, he started himself with a buggy
and mules, and in his trunk was placed about
twenty thousand dollars in gold. He had also
along with him some drafts of the United
States. His train was attacked by the Chey-
enne Indians and destroyed, and all the per-
sons were destroyed but one, and the oxen and
property were taken away by the Indians. He
followed on. He himself was attacked and
killed and his buggy and trunk rifled. Papers
were subsequently found scattered about upon
the route, among which were found some drafts
which came hack to the Treasury, and those
drafts being allowed have left the balance stated
in the bill upon the books of the Treasury due
from him. He was killed, and his sureties and
administrators have petitioned that under the
circumstances they should be released.' That
is the substance ot the bill. I think the amount
is about thirteen thousand dollars. It is not
asking for any appropriation, but that the
sureties should be released. I think it is just.
I he bill was reported to the Senate without,
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
death op senator foot.
Mr. POLAND. Mr. President, I offer the
following resolution:
ReinUal, That the Secretary of the Senate be di-
rected to inform the IIou<e of Representatives that
the Senate, having listened to eulogies upon the char-
acter and public services of Hon. Solomon Foot, a
Senator from the State of Vermont, lately deceased,
out oi respect to his memory have voted to adjourn.
Mr. President, two weeks ago this day it
was my painful duty_to announce to the Senate
tiie death of my distinguished and beloved col-
league, Hon. Solomox Foot. The little time
that elapsed between his decease and the fu-
neral ceremonies here, and the absence of one
of my Colleagues of the House, who was Mr.
Foot s immediate Representative, were deemed
sufficient reasons for postponing the customary
obituary tributes to some future day. In ac-
cordance with the notice then given, I now ask
that the Senate for a short time lay aside its
ordinary business and allow me and others the
melancholy satisfaction of expressing our appre-
ciation of the character, services, and virtues
of our departed associate and friend. The last
occasion of this kind, in this Chamber, was
early in the present session, in memory of my
lamented predecessor, Judge Collamer. No
one of us will ever forget the eloquent and loving
words of Mr. Foot on that occasion in dwelling
upon the memory of his long-time friend and
colleague. As we looked at his robust and
majestic form, and listened to his deep, rich
voice, and solemn, weighty words, how little we
thought that in so short a time he, too, would
have become only an object of memory, and a
subject of eulogy. "Who next in this body of
representatives of States shall be called from
this high place to the unseen world? No one
of us can tell. How solemnly are we reminded
that death comes as a thief in the night; and
liow wisely are we cautioned, "Be ye also
ready.''
Mr. Foot was born in Cornwall, Addison
county, Vermont, on the 10th day of Novem-
ber, 1802. I have not been able to learn any-
thing in relation to his early life, but I infer
that his family condition was such as to make
all attainment and advancement in life depend
upon his own efforts and labors. I infer this
from the fact that he graduated from Middle-
bury College about 1823 or 1827, and somewhat
later in life than is usual with young men where
the means of education are provided by others.
After his graduation he spent some time in
teaching, and at the same time studying law.
After his admission to the bar he commenced
practice in the town of Rutland, Vermont, and
that continued to be his place of residence up
to the time of his death.
He was elected a Representative from the
town of Rutland to the Vermont House of
Representatives in 183-3, 1830, 1837, and 1838,
and again in the year 1847, and during the last
three of those years was Speaker of the House.
He was a member of the State constitutional
convention, in 1836, which made the impor-
tant alteration in our State constitution of ex-
changing the old Legislative Council for a State
Senate. He also held the office of prosecut-
ing attorney for Rutland county from 3836 to
1342. In 1842 Mr. Foot was elected to the
lower House of Congress, and reelected in
1844, but declined further election. In 18-jO
he was elected to the Senate of the United
States, reelected in 185G, and again in 1802,
and at the time of his death was the oldest
member in continuous service in this body.
Mr. Foot very soon attained a highly re-
spectable position as a lawyer. He was care-
ful and attentive to the interests of his clients,
and always made full and elaborate prepara-
tion for the trial of his causes. If his life had
been devoted to his profession he would doubt-
less have attained high rank as a lawyer. But
his attention was early turned to political life,
and his professional career was too broken and
desultory to enable him to attain the highest j
distinction in it. His ability and character
were far better suited to a public and popu-
! lar rather than a mere professional life. He
i had been but a very few years at the bar. and
a resident of the town of Rutland, when he
was chosen to represent that town in the State
Legislature. It was quite rare at that day that
i 80 young a man was chosen to represent one
I of the oldest and most important towns in the
j State, and which contained many leading pub-
i lie men. But he had already attained a high
; position as an able and popular speaker upon
I public and political questions, and his career
in the State Legislature added to this a repu-
tation as a wise and careful legislator.
It was as Speaker of the Vermont House of
Representatives that he first displayed that
almost, wonderful aptitude and capacity as the
presiding officer ot a deliberative assembly,
which afterward made him so celebrated
throughout, the nation, when he became the
Presiding Officer of the Senate of the United
States, as perhaps the best presiding officer
in the whole country. He seemed almost to
have been made for the position. His fine,
majestic person, his dignified deportment, his
full and rich voice, his easy and graceful man-
ner, all conspired to make him a most useful
and acceptable president over any assembly.
His knowledge of parliamentary law and usage
was very thorough, bat not more so, proba-
bly, than many others. His superiority in this
respect appeared born in hiiu. His look pre-
served order; the slightest word allayed con-
fusion. The same grace of person and dignity
of manner attended him always and every-
where, and was equally pleasing and agreea-
ble in private society or on the Senate floor j
it had nothing of haughtiness or arrogance,
but was kindly and benignant. It had doubt-
less much to do with the almost universal per-
sonal love and reverence felt for him by all
who knew him.
.Mr. Foot was not a man of great originality.
I am not aware of any great public measure
that he originated. He did not take much
part in the general debates in the Senate upon
general subjects, but he was always in his seat,
careful and watchful of all measures, with
excellent judgment of what was for the public
interest. A member of the present Cabinet,
wdio served ten years with him in the Senate,
said to me, during Mr. Foot's sickness, that
he never knew a man whose votes were always
more consistently right than his. When he
did speak in the Senate, it was generally with
careful preparation, and then he spoke wisely
and well, and was listened to with great atten-
tion and respect. He was always faithful and
prompt in his attendance on his committees,
in making his reports, and in the performance
of every public duty. But it was especially in
his duty to his State, and the people of his
State, that his watchfulness, energy, and untir-
ing efforts were mainly directed. No interest
of Vermont was allowed to suffer, or remain
unguarded, either in Congress, or in any De-
partment of the General Government. And
so with every citizen of the State having right
or claim or proper request upon any Depart-
ment of the Government Mr. Foot made it
his own special duty to see it righted.
He loved and honored Vermont: he was
proud that it was the place of his birth. More
than once since I became his colleague he lias
mentioned the fact to me, that never before
was Vermont represented in the Senate by two
of her sons, bom on her own soil: and he
seemed to dwell on the idea with great satisfac-
tion. During his illness, and after he became
satisfied he should not recover, he loved to
speak of being carried back to his native State;
of being buried under the shadow of her grand
mountains and green hills and within sound
of her waterfalls, and that liis grave would be
among his own people, whom he loved, and
who loved him so well.
Mr._Foot's real greatness and the cause of
his universal popularity I have not yet named,
bome men are called great from a single great
action, others by a few great deeds. Mr. Foot
was a great man by reason of his gnat heart;
not a single act, or several acts of great states-
manship, but a lifetime of good and generous
aud unselfish deeds was what made him great
and gave him such a hold upon the hearts of
the people of his own State and others who
knew him.
Idis uioutal faculties were of a hicjh order;
his acquirements were very respectable indeed ;
his judgment was excellent; be had extraor-
dinary gifts of person and mannei s : but many
men possessing all these in equal decree would
never have attained a til lie of the honor and
respect lie did. It was liis generous, warm-
hearted love and sympathy for his fellows and
his exhibition of it to them anil for them at all
times that induced their love and respe* t for
him. lousawwith me the general exhibition
of sorrow for his death here, where In- hud been
so long and was so well known and so highly
respcetcd ; but it was mv fortune to be one of
your committee to attend his remains to h;3
