428
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 16,
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Laivs of the United States.
No. 39.—A Resolution authorizing the Secre-
tary of War to grant the Use of certain Lum-
ber for the Fair for the Soldiers' and Sailors'
Orphan Home.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
is hereby authorized to grant the use of lumber
not demanded by the Department for imme-
diate use, for the erection of temporary build-
ings in the city of Washington for the National
Pair for the benefit of the Soldiers' and Sailors'
Orphan Home.
Approved, May 16, 1886.
No. 40.—A Resolution to extend the Time for
the Construction of the first Section of the
Western Pacific Railroad.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the time for the con-
struction of the first twenty miles of the "West-
ern Pacific railroad'' be extended to the first
day of January, eighteen -hundred and sixty-
goven; but this extension is upon the condition
to be accepted by said company, and notice of
such acceptance to be given by them to the Sec-
retary of the Interior, that the lands known as
the lands of the ex-mission of San Jose as in-
cluded in the map and survey thereof made Oc-
tober, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, by E.
H. Dyer, deputy United States surveyor, shall
not be included in the grant heretofore made
to the said Western Pacific Railroad Company.
Approved, May 21, 1866.
No. 41.-—A Resolution to authorize certain
Medals to be distributed to Veteran Soldiers
free of Postage.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the adjutant general
of the State of Ohio is hereby authorized' to
distribute through the mails free of postage,
to veteran soldiers reenlisted in Ohio, certain
medals furnished by the General Assembly of
that State, and in such case the envelope
inclosing the same shall be franked by such
adjutant general in the mode prescribed by
the Postmaster General.
Approved, May 26, 1866.
No. 42.—Joint Resolution respecting Quaran-
tine and Health Laws.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he hereby is, authorized to
make and carry into effect such orders and
regulations of quarantine, as, in his opinion,
may be deemed necessary and proper, in aid
of State or municipal authorities, to guard
against the introduction of the cholera into the
ports ot the United States; and the Secretary
ox the Treasury is further authorized to direct
the revenue officers and the officers command-
ing revenue-cutters to aid in the execution of
such quarantine, and also in the execution of
the health laws of the States respectively in
such manner as may to him seem necessary.
And such an amount of money as may be ne-
cessary to carry into effect this joint resolu-
tion is hereby appropriated out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated;
provided the authority hereby granted shall
expire on the first Monday in January, anno
Domini eighteen hundred and sixty-seven.
Approved, May 26, 1866.
No. 43.—A Resolution providing for the Ac-
ceptance of a Collection of Plants tendered
to the United States by Frederick Pech.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the United States
accept the collection of plants tendered by
Frederick Pech by his memorial of March sec-
ond, eighteen hundred and sixty-six, and that
the same be deposited in the Department of
Agriculture; and the sum of .three hundred
dollars is hereby appropriated, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, to enable the Commissioner of Agri-
culture to procure suitable cases for the pro-
tection of such plants.
Approved, May 26, 1866.
No. 44.—A Resolution authorizing the Ap-
pointment of Examiners to examine a Site
for a Fresh-Water Basin for Iron-Clad Ves-
sels of the United States Navy.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Navy be authorized and directed to appoint a
board of examiners to examine a site at or
near Portland, Maine, for a fresh-water basin
for iron-clad vessels of the United States Navy,
and to ascertain the advantages and cost of said
site, and report to this Congress during the pres-
ent session.
Approved, June 1, 1866.
No. 45.—Joint Resolution authorizing [the]
Postmaster General to pay additional Sal-
ary to Letter-Carriers in San Francisco.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress'assembled, That the Postmaster Gen-
eral be authorized to pay such additional sal-
ary to letter-carriers in San Francisco, above
that provided by law, as may be necessary to
secure competent persons for such service.
Approved, June 6, 1866.
No. 46.—A Resolution respecting Bounties to
Colored Soldiers, and the Pensions, Boun-
ties, and Allowances to their Heirs.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
■Congress assembled, That the omission in the
muster-rolls of the words "free on or before
April nineteen, eighteen hundred and sixty-
one," shall not deprive any colored soldier of
the bounty to which he is entitled, and which
is now or may hereafter be withheld by reason
of such omission, but where nothing appears
on the muster-roll or of record to show that a
colored soldier was not a freeman at the date
aforesaid, under the provision of the fourth
section of the " Act making appropriations for
the support of the Army, for the year ending
the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and
sixty-five," the presumption shall be that the
person was free at the time of his enlistment.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved. That in
determining who is or was the wife, widow, or
heirs of any colored soldier, evidence that he
and the woman claimed to be his wife or widow
were joined in "marriage by some ceremony
deemed by them obligatory, followed by their
living together as husband and wife up to the
time of enlistment, shall be deemed sufficient
proof of such marriage for the purpose of
securing any arrears of pay, pension or other
allowances due any colored soldier at the time
of his death; and the children born of any
such marriage shall be held and taken to be
the lawful children and heirs of such soldiers.
Approved, June 15, 1866.
No. 47.—-A Resolution making an Appropri-
ation to enable the President to negotiate
Treaties with certain Indian Tribes.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That' one hundred and
twenty-one thousand seven hundred and eighty-
five dollars and seventy-seven cents, or so much
thereof as may be accessary, be, and the same
is hereby, appropriated, to be paid out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, to enabte the President to negotiate
treaties with the Indian tribes of the Upper Mis-
souri, and the Upper Platte rivers ; said sum to
be expended by the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, under the direction of the Secretary of
the Interior.
Approved, June 15, 1866.
No.48.—Joint Resolution proposingan Amend-
ment to the Constitution of tlxe United
States.
Beilresolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, (two thirds of both Houses
concurring,) That the following article be pro-
posed to the Legislatures of the several States
as an amendment to the Constitution of the
United States, which, when ratified by three
fourths of said Legislatures, shall be valid as
part of the Constitution, namely:
Article XIV.
Sec. 1. All persons born or naturalized in
the United States, and subject to the jurisdic-
tion thereof, are citizens of the United States
and of the State wherein they reside. No State
shall make or enforce any law which shall
abridge the privileges or immunities of citi-
zens of the LTuited States; nor shall any State
deprive any person of life, liberty, or prop-
erty, without due process of law, nor deny to
any person within its jurisdiction the equal
protection of the laws.
Sec. 2. Representatives shall be apportioned
among the several States according to their re-
spective numbers, counting the whole number
of persons in each State, excluding Indians
not taxed. But when the right to vote at any
election for the choice of electors for Presi-
dent and Vice President of the United States,
Representatives in Congress, the executive and
judicial officers of a State, or the members of
the Legislature thereof, is denied to any of
the male inhabitants of such State, being
twenty-one years of age, and citizens of the
United States, or in any way abridged, except
for participation in rebellion or other crime,
the basis of representation therein shall be
reduced in the proportion which the number
of such male citizens shall bear to the whole
number of male citizens' twenty-one years of
age in such State.
Sec. 3. No person shall be a Senator, or
Representative in Congress, or elector of Pres-
ident and Vice President, or hold any office,
civil or military, under the United States, or
under any State, who having previous^ taken
an oath, as a member of Congress, or as an
officer of the United States, or as a member
of any State Legislature, or as an executive or
judicial officer of any State, to support the
Constitution of the United States, shall have
engaged in insurrection or rebellion against the
same, or given aid or comfort to the enemies
thereof. But Congress may, by a vote of two
thirds of each House, remove such disability.
Sec. 4. The validity of the public debt of
the United States, authorized by law, including
debts incurred for payment of pensions and
bounties for services in suppressing insurrec-
tion or rebellion, shall not bo questioned. But
neither the United States nor any State shall
assume or pay any debt or obligation incurred
in aid of insurrection or rebellion against the
United States, or any claim for the loss or
emancipation of any slave; but all such debts,
obligations, and claims, shall be held illegal
and void.
Sec. 5. The Congress shall have power to
enforce, by appropriate legislation, the provis-
ions of this artiele.
SCHUYLER COLFAX,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
LA FAYETTE S. FOSTER,
President of the Senate pro tempore.
Attest: Edw. McPherson,
Clerk of the House of Representatives.
J. W. Forney,
Sea'etary of the Senate.
ReceivedatDepartmentofStateJunel6.]866.
