1866.
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
pro-
Mr. CHANDLER. I will then renew my
motion, that the unfinished business be post-
poned nntil to-morrow at two o'clock.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The motion
of the Senator from Illinois is that the present
and all prior orders be postponed, and that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of the res-
olution from the House of Representatives
proposing^ an amendment to the Constitution
of the United States. That is now the motion
before the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
reconstruction.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 127) proposing an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States,
the pending question being on the amendment
offered by Mr. Johnson to strike out the third
section, in the following words:
Sec. 3. Until the 4th day of July, in the year 1870,
all persons who voluntarily adhered to the late
insurrection, giving it aid and comfort, shall be ex-
cluded from the right to vote for Representatives in
Congress and for electors for President and Vice
President of the United States.
Mr. HOWARD. .1 hope the vote will be
taken on that motion.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is there anythin:
posed as a substitute for that section?
Mr. CLARK. Your motion precludes that
now. You move to strike out, simply.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask for the yeas and
nays upon the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 13, nays 0; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Chandler,
Clark, Conness, Cowan, Cragin, Ci-oswcll, Davis, Doo-
iittle, Edmunds, Kessenden, Foster, Grimes, Guthrie,
Harris, Henderson, Hendricks, Howard, Howe, John-
son, Kirkwood, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas,
Morgan, Morrill, Nesmith. Norton, Nye, Poland,
Pomeroy, Ramsey, Riddle, Saulsbury, Sherman,
Stewart, Sumner, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wade,
Willey, Williams, and Wilson—43.
NAYS-0.
ABSENT — Messrs. Brown, Dixon, McDougall,
Spiague, Wright, and Yates—G.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. I now offer a series of
amendments to the joint resolution under con-
sideration, which I will send to the Chair.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Take theui one section
at a time.
Mr. HOWARD. I will state very briefly
what they are. I propose to amend section
one of the article by adding after the words
" section one" the following words, which will
of course constitute a part of section one :
All persons born in the United States and subject
to the jurisdiction thereof are citizens of the United
States and of the States wherein they reside.
The second amendment  
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let us take a vote on
the first, one.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator had better
state all the amendments.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 hope we shall hear them
all.
Mr. HOWARD. The second amendment
is to amend the second section by striking out
the word "citizens," in the twentieth line,
where it occurs, and inserting after the word
"male" the words "inhabitants, being citizens
of the United States;" and by inserting at
the end of that section the words "any such
State."
The third section has already been stricken
out. Instead of that section, or rather in its
place, I offer the following:
Sec. 3. No person shall be a Senator or Represent-
ative in Congiess, or an elector of President and
Vice President, or hold any offsce, civil or military,
under the United States, or under any State, who,
having previously taken an oath as a member of
Congress, or as an officer of the United States, or as
a member of any State Legislature, or as an execu-
tive or judicial officer of any State, to support the
Constitution ot the United States, shall have engaged
in insurrection or rebellion against the same, or
given aid or comfort to the enemies thereof: but
Congress may, by a vote of two thirds of each House,
remove such disability.
The following is to come in as section four :
The obligations of the United States incurred in
suppressing insuricction, or in defence of the Union,
2869
or for payment of bounties or pensions incident
thereto, shall remain inviolate.
Section four, as it now stands, will be changed
to section five, and I propose to amend that sec-
tion as follows: strike out. the word "already,"
in line thirty-four, and also the words "or
which may hereafter be incurred," in line
thirty-five, and also the words "or of war" in
lines thirty-five and thirty-six, and insert the
word "rebellion" in lieu thereof; and also
strike out the words " loss of involuntary ser-
vice or labor" in line thirty-seven, and insert
"the loss or emancipation of any slave; but
all such debts, obligations, and claims shall be
forever held illegal and void."
After consultation with some of the friends
of this measure it has been thought that these
amendments will be acceptable to both Houses
of Congress and to the country, and I now
submit them to the consideration of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first
question in order is the amendment proposed
to the joint resolution by the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Wade.]
Mr. WADE. I ask leave to withdraw that
amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is still
in the power of the mover, and he can with-
draw it if he pleases. The amendment is with-
drawn. The question now is on the amend-
ments proposed by the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. SAULSBURY. It is very well known
that the majority of the members of this body
who favor a proposition of this character have
been in very serious deliberation for several
days in reference to these amendments, and
have held some four or five caucuses on the
subject. Perhaps they have come to the con-
clusion among themselves that the amendments
offered are proper to be made, but this is the
first intimation that the minority of the body
has had of the character of the proposed change
in_the constitutional amendment. Now, sir,
it is nothing but fair, just, and proper that the
minority of the Senate should have an oppor-
tunity to consider these amendments; and I
rise for the purpose of moving that these amend-
ments, together with the original proposition,
be printed, so that we may see them before we
are called upon to vote oil them. Certainly
there can be no graver question, no more seri-
ous business that can engage the attention of
this Senate than a proposed changc in the
fundamental law.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will say to the Sena-
tor that if any gentleman on that side of the
Chamber desires that these amendments be
laid upon the table and printed, there is no
objection to that.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Then I will defer any
further remarks, and make that motion.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. It is moved
that the amendments be printed and that the
further consideration of the joint resolution be
postponed until to-morrow.
Th§ motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to give notice of an
amendment which at the proper time I intend
to offer to Senate bill No. 292, entitled " A bill
to provide for restoring to the States lately in
insurrection their full political rights." It is
to strike out all after the enacting clause of the
first section and to insert a section as a substi-
tute which I ask to have printed.
Mr. JOHNSON and Mr. STEWART. Let
it be read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pro-
posed amendment will be read, if there be no
objection.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause of the first
section of the bill and insert in lieu thereof the fol-
lowing:
That when any State lately in rebellion shall have
ratified the foregoing amendment and shall have
modified its constitution and laws in conformity
therewith, and shall have further provided that there
shall be no denial of the elective franchise to citi-
zens of the United States because of race or color,
and that all persons shall he equal before the law,
the Senators and Representatives from such State, if
found duly elected and qualified, may, after having
taken the required oaths of office, bo admitted into
Congress as such : P--ovtdo>. Tii.t1' nothiny in thi=
section shall bo so construed as to require the dis-
franchisement of any loyal person who is now al-
lowed to vote.
Mr. SUMNER. I simply wish to have that
amendment printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The order
to print will be entered.
Mr. SUMNER. I also ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to introduce a bill of
which no notice has been given, which I desire
to have considered in connection with the other
measure, as it belongs to this group of recon-
struction measures.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 34.5) to enforce the
amendment to th^e Constitution abolishing sla-
very by securing the elective franchise to col-
ored citizens; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the bill be
printed and laid upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
message from tiie house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had agreed
to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.
R. No. 459) granting a pension, to Anna E.
Ward.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the fol-
lowing bills of the Senate with amendments to
each, in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 184) to define more clearly
the jurisdiction and powers of the supreme
court of the District of Columbia, and for other
purposes; and
A bill (S. No. 237) granting a pension to
Mrs. Martha Stevens.
private claims.
Mr. CLARK. I ask that the Senate give
me a little time on Friday next for the purpose
of disposing of certain private claims, if there
be no objection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I shall object to that
unless the constitutional amendment is disposed
of by that time.
Mr. CLARK. I will state that I will not
antagonize them with the constitutional amend-
ment, or a public necessity of that kind, but I
should like to have an understanding that I
may have an hour or so on Friday next for the
consideration of private claims, if there is no
other public business of pressing importance
in the way.
approval 01? bills.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Cooper, his Secretary, announced
that the President of the United States had
approved and signed, on the 26th instant, tho
following act ana joint resolutions:
An act (S. No. 318} to authorize thqiappoint-
ment of an additional Assistant Secretary of
the Navy;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 74) providing
for the acceptance of a collection of plants
tendered to the United States by Frederick
Peeh; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 97) to author-
ize certain medals to be distributed to veteran
soldiers free of postage.
martha stevens.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move to take up
Senate bill No. 237, granting a pension to Mrs.
Martha Stevens, which has been returned from
tho House of Representatives with an amend-
ment. The bill as it passed the Senate gave a
pension of twenty dollars a month; the amend-
ment of the House reduces it to seventeen dol-
lars a month, the amount allowed in the case
of a first lieutenant.
Tho amendment was concurred in.
district supreme court.
On motion of Mr. WADE, the amendments
of the House of Representatives to the bill (S.
No. 184)todefme more clearly the jurisdiction
and powers of the supreme court of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and for other purposes, were
