1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I understand the Senator from Illinois and
some other Senators to object to the passage
of this resolution because if it is adopted wo
shall have a duplicate codification. Now, as
I understand it, this is to relate to our naviga-
tion and commercial laws. The men who
would be properly selected to codify the-resi-
duo of our statutes, in relation to the judiciary,
the definition of crimes, &c., would not be the
proper men to investigate this subject and to
report to us such a codification as we desire.
This matter should be investigated and a re-
port made'to us by men of experience in com-
merce and navigation, and I think the Com-
mittee on Commerce is exceedingly wise in
proposing it, and that it will save us a large
amount of money, because now different con-
structions are put upon our various tariff laws.
We have been told here that we are now at-
tempting to administer the customs laws under
nine different tariff acts. The purpose is to get
all these into one law, so that we shall know
really what the law is, so that the wayfaring
man, though a fool, cannot err therein. I have
not heard any measure latterly that I shall vote
for with more pleasure than I shall for this
proposition to codify the revenue laws.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the views expressed by
the Senator from Iowa. Everything that relates
to ships, to the Navy, to water, finds in him
an advocate : while he is very tenacious about
the expenses of all other departments of the
Government. When any consideration is asked
for bills relating to those branches of the pub-
lic service, you find him 011 the alert and will-
ing to extend any facility. It seems to me that
when you are to modify your tariff laws at the
next session, which will alter that wholebranch
of the subject, there can be no injury in delay-
ing this matter from this time to that. Besides,
it is very well known that but little work can
be done here in this hot weather, and I pre-
sume all this work is to be done in Washing-
ton. I think the parties concerned will do just
as much work commencing in December, if it
is so thought advisable by the Finance Cora-
mittee, as they would by commencing now.
It seems to me they will simply get the pay
between now and December and do no work.
I trust the resolution will not pass.
Mr. CRAGIN. I hope the resolution will
pass. For four years I was special agent of
the Treasury Department, and had occasion
to study these laws, and I say here to-day that
there is almost absolute necessity for this
codification.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the passage of the joint resolution.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 30, nays 8; as follows:
YE AS—Messrs. Brown, Chandler, Conness, Cowan,
Cragin, Creswell, Da-fis, Edmunds, Foster, Grimes,
Guthrie, Harris, Hendricks, Howard, Howe, Morgan.
Moriill, Nesmith, Norton, Poland, Bamsey, Riddle,
Saulsbury, Stewart, Sumner, Van Winkle, Wade,
Willey, Wilson, and Yates—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Henderson,Nye, Pome-
roy. Sherman, Sprague, Trumbull, and,VViihams—S.
ABSENT—Messrs.,Anthony, Clark, Dixon, l>oolit-
tle, Fessenden, Johnson, Kirkwood, Lpric ot lncli
ana, Lane of Kansas, McDougall, and vv right 11.
So the resolution was passed.
MESSAGE EROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. II. No.
787) exempting pensions from internal revenue
tax, and a joint resolution (H. R. No. 188) for
the appointment of a commission upon trans-
portation between the western States and the
Atlantic §ea-board; in both of which the con-
currence of the Senate was requested.
NORTHERN KANSAS RAILROAD.
Mr. POMEROY. I desire to call up the
report of the committee of conference on the
bill (S. No. 145) for a grant of land to the State
of Kansas to aid in the construction oHJie
Northern Kansas railroad and telegraph, which
was submitted on Saturday, but which was laid
aside at the request of the Senator from Maine,
[Mr. Fessenden,] who lias since examined it,
&nd says he has no objection to it. I merely
desire to have a vote on the report, It has
been read.
There being no objection, the Senate resumed
the consideration of the report.
Mr. POMER.OY. I move that the Senate
concur in the report.
The motion was agreed to.
MISSISSIPPI RIVER BRIDGES.
The PRESIDENT -pro tempore. The un-
finished business of Saturday is the bill (S.
No. 387) to secure the speedy construction of
the Northern Pacific railroad and telegraph
line, and to secure to the Government the use
of the same for postal, military, and other pur-
poses. Before proceeding to its consideration
the Chair will present, by the indulgence of the
Senate, a bill which has been returned from the
House of Representatives with amendments.
The Secretary read the amendments made
by the House of Representatives to the bill
(S. No. 236) to authorize the construction of
certain bridges, and to establish them as post
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
concur in those amendments of the House.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move to refer the
bill and amendments to the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads. I am not going
to discuss this question; the weather is too
warm to make anybody think of anything of
that sort. The Senate know that I have op-
posed the passage of this bill. The bill was
passed by the Senate authorizing a bridge at
Quincy, one at Hannibal, and one at Burling-
ton. I opposed that provision of it which al-
lowed draw-bridges. The bill went to the
House of Representatives and they have sent
it back with amendments adding a bridge at
Prairie du Cliien, one at Keokuk, one at Wi-
nona, one at Dubuque, and ono*at Kansas City
011 the Missouri, making seven draw-bridges on
the Mississippi river- Since the bill was passed
in the Seoaie/a"proposition by the chairman
ofCommittee on Post Offices and Post
Roads was adopted in this body, senli to the
lower House, and adopted there, providing for
an actual survey of the Mississippi river to as-
certain by a board of competent engineers
whether it is advi'sable to bridge the river in
this way or not, and to report at the next ses-
sion of Congress. I hope that the Senate,
after having passed that measure, will not in-
sist upon passing this bill. If there is a propo-
sition in which my constituents feel a deep in-
terest, and which they would regret very much
to see passed, perhaps more than any other
measure, it is the one now before the Senate.
I will state another fact, that since the pas-
sage of this measure in the Senate a plan has
been laid before us by General Palmer, who
has built the bridges on the eastern division of
the Pacific railroad, and who has very success-
fully built them, which plan I now hold in my
hand. It is a submerged iron tubular bridge
to be sunk entirely below the bed of the river.
He assures us that it is perfectly practicable ;
and beyond that I have the indorsement of six
or seven of the most eminent civil engineers
in this country, and upon them is the indorse-
ment of Mr. Linville, the eminent civil engi-
neer of Philadelphia.
Mr. HOWARD. I perceive that the measure
is "oing to lead to a protracted discussion, and
I must therefore insist upon proceeding with
the order of the day.
The PRESIQJ3NT pro tempore. The order
of the day being called for will be proceeded
W1Mr. HENDERSON. I cannot consent that
this bridge bill shall be passed without ex-
plaining the matter.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is evident that the
Senator from Missouri, who has fought this
bill from the beginning, will make all the delay
Il6 Can
Mr. HENDERSON. I will fight it to the
close, undoubtedly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Wo may as well meet
it at one time as another. I trust that the. bill
which has now passed both Houses of Congress
is not to be defeated simple by dilatory action,
Let it come up, and let us have the action of the
Senate upon it. If a majority are opposed to
bridging the Mississippi river; if they wish to
recede from what was done here very delib-
erately—the Senator from Missouri contested
the thing a whole day—be it so. I am entirely
willing, except for the time it would take, to
go over the argument with him again. I think
it was shown, and it can be shown again, to be
of the highest importance that this bill should
pass. ' My State has quite as much interest in
the Mississippi river as has the State which the
Senator represents ; she happens to be on the
other side of the river from his State ; that is
all the difference. I wish to preserve the Mis-
sissippi river as well as to have these railroads
accommodated.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Further
debate on that bill is out of order, unless there
is a motion to postpone all prior orders and
proceed with it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to inquire of
the Chair if this measure will not come up as
soon as the other bill is disposed of.
The PRESIDISNTpro tempore. Being busi-
ness from the House of Representatives, the
Chair would present it to the Senate at any
moment when there was a cessation of busi-
ness. Subject to a vote of the body at any
time, business from the House of Represent-
atives is considered as having precedence, and
it is the duty of the Chair to lay it before the
body always at all practicable times.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before the special order
is taken up, I desire the attention of the Sena-
tor from Missouri a moment on the bill with
regard to the bridging of the Mississippi river.
I understand tliat be desires to refer it to the
Post Office Committee. I have bo objection
to its being referred if it is not to be delayed
bv that course.
"Mr. HENDERSON. I do not seek any
delay, but I desire the Post Office Committee,
which has the profile that I held in my hand
before it, to examine the matter again.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
must again suggest that debate on the bill al-
luded to is out of order at the present time,
unless there be a motion to postpone the order
of the day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask Ihe consent of the
Senator from Michigan lo allow the special
order to be laid aside informally for a moment,
that we may refer the bridge bill so as to get it
disposed of. I shall not object to the reference
if it is not going to delay the bill.
Mr. HENDERSON. My motion is simply
to refer it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let it be referred, then,
to the Post Office Committee.
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. The ques-
tion, then, is on the motion of the Senator from
Missouri to refer the amendments of the House
of Representatives to Senate bill No. 230 to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the House amendments to that bill,
which I ask leave to have referred also to the
Post Office Committee. ,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is of opinion that on a motion to refer to a com-
mittee a bill of the Senate with amendments of
the House of Representatives it is not so be-
fore the Senate that a motion to amend the
House amendments is in order. When the bill
shall have been reported from the committee,
it will bo in order to propose an amendment to
the House amendments; but an amendment
which comes from the House and by a vote of
the Senate is referred to a committee, must bo
acted up on j in the opinion of tlie Chair, with-
out any amendment from the Senate.
Mr. BROWN. Can I not, by unanimous
consent, have my amendment referred to the
committee, for the purpose of consideration
th-sre'^
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Certainly,
by unanimous consent.
