1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1909
old liome and among the neighKors and asso-
ciates of his daily home life. Had you wit-
nessed the dee]) gloom and sadness that hung
over that wlioie community, the tears that
filled so many eyes as we fulfilled our melan-
choly duly, you might well have exclaimed,
"Behold how they loved him!" Living in
another part of the State from Mr. Foot, and
our pursuits for many years having been so
different, 1 had never much personal intimacy
with him until the commencement of the pres-
ent session, when I became his colleague.
From that time till his death we lived in the
same house and, till liis sickness, at the same
table. I soon saw why all loved and respected
him, and shared their sentiments in the fullest
manner.
The infinite pains he took to make my posi-
tion agreeable ; to make me acquainted with
the course and details of business in the Sen-
ate ; the proper offices and Departments for
everthing ; in short, the whole routine of con-
gressional drudgery, which it is so important
for every man to know, and still every man is
expected to find ont for himself, was what I did
not expect from him and probably should have
received from no other man. But with his
nature he could hardly have avoided doing it.
The circumstances of bis sickness and death
were such that general publicity lias been given
to various interviews and partings between him
and valued friends, solemn and affecting in
their character and interest. I took my last
leave of him on that same afternoon before his
death. I could not now attempt to describe it,
but I shall never forget his affectionate lan-
guage or his solemn benediction at our parting.
I mourn his loss in common with all who
knew him; but with all who believe in the
heaven hereafter, I doubt not that our loss is
his infinite gain. His triumphant Christian
death was a fitting end for so loving and useful
a life.
Well may we all pray that our lives and our
deaths may be like his. Sorely, indeed, has
my native State been sliieken; her two most
distinguished sons, long her joint representa-
tives in this body, where they represented her
with so much ability, usefulness, and credit,
both taken away by death, and so near each
other that the stunning effect of the first blow
had hardly passed when the other earhe. God
grant that those who have survived and suc-
ceeded them may be enabled in some degree
to emulate their virtues and usefulness to the
Stale and people thus bereaved 1
Mr. JOHXSON. Mr. President, I rise
briefly to participate in paying honor to_ the
memory of our departed friend and associate.
Such tributes to virtues^ public and private, as
he possessed, caunot fail to benefit the living
as well as honor the dead. They show those
who are commencing life how it is, and what
it is. to earn a name that will live after death,
and be to family and friends a priceless heri-
tage. They show the value of honest fame, a
fame which survives death and becomes brighter
as time rolls on. They show how immeasur-
ably superior in the estimation ol the good is
such fame to that sickly and evanescent one
which is occasionally achieved by artful and
dishonorable contrivances.
The life, too, of a Christian man as Solomon-
Foot was. if no other evidence existed of the
truth of the Christian dispensation, would be
sufficient to demonstrate it. Its influence upon
him in this world, its comfort, its joy to him
in death, is sufficient to establish its divine
origin. lie who with evident sincerity, and
while his mind was as perfect as e\er, neaily
at the moment of dissolution, could say that he
felt "borne up as on angels' wings, ' and m
the very moment preceding it, with lianas and
eves uplifted could exclaim, " I see it! I see
it! The gates are  ide open! Beautiful! Beau-
tiful!'' and then die. is a witness to our faith
that the sophistries of skepticism can ne\er
counteract. .
Tim memory of such a man should not be
lost. It is not enough that it may survive in
the recollection of his family and friends : it
should live in the records of the body to which
he was so long attached and which he so faith-
fully served and honored. The Senate of the
United States should perpetuate the evidence
that Solomos Foot was for years one of its
most honored members, respected, admired,
loved by every associate for his faithfulness,
his patriotism, his endearing social qualities,
and revered for his Christian death This will
be done by the proceedings of this ^ay.
Mr. Foot's public career is now so well
known that it would be idle in me to attempt
its detail. This has been done.by his colleague.
Seldom engaging in debate, we yet knew, in
advance, the result to which his sound judg-
ment. ever unswayed by passion or prejudice,
would lead him. Though in a large and com-
prehensive sense a party man, his principles
were adopted because they, in his estimation,
led to general and not partial good. No sec-
tional feeling ever consciously influenced him.
Flis mind and his heart embraced his whole
country, and he loved even his native Vermont,
to which he was so strongly attached, the more
because it was a part of that great whole. His
reading, his familiarity with the history of his j
country, his experience had convinced him j
that national prosperity and renown, as well I
as the happiness of the several States, could i
only be attained through tho Union established j
by our fathers, and he could never, therefore,
tolerate those who threatened its dissolution or
foolishly attempted, with a view to depreciate
it, to calculate its value. In heart and in mind
a Unionist, he entered zealously into all the
measures calculated to terminate our recent
civil strife; and although in some respects, I
believe, not a very sanguine man, he never
doubted a successful result. It was encour-
aging to hear him speak on the subject. He
had studied our institutions, had become exten-
sively acquainted with our people, and knew
how deep was their attachment to the General
Government; and with this knowledge he was
satisfied that the first weie adequate to meet
the emergency if their powers were exerted,
and that the latter would peril all to have them
exerted. He lived, thank God, to see his pre-
diction verified. When he left us he knew that
the strife was over, the Union everywhere rein-
stated in all its rightful authority, and nothing
remained to be done but by proper efforts to
calm the agitation inseparable from such a
contest and win us all back into our ancient
brotherhood.
Mr. President, although we shall no more
see our late brother in this Chamber, which of
us will ever forget his manly presence, liis uni-
form dignity, his ever constant watchfulness
over the proper decorum of the body, his un-
bending firmness, his uniform courtesy as its
frequent Presiding Officer? And, above all,
which of us who listened to the touching story
of his last days on earth, as recently told us
by the reverend clergyman who was his pastor
in this city, but will have cause to rejoice if he
can live and die as lived and died Solojiox
Foot—dying, to use his own truthful words
in his eulogy on his former colleague, Jacob
Collamer, so affectinglv delivered in this Cham-
ber on the 14th of December last, and so
strikingly"applicable to himself, "in the full
exercise of his intellectual faculties. yith an
abiding and unshaken faith in the Christian
religion, and in the cherished hope of a blissful
iumioitality'.'
Mr. FESSEKDEN. Mr. President, in
.attempting to speak of one so long associated
with us. and endeared to us by so many rare and
excellent qualities as the late Senator Foot,
I cannot but feel impressed with the difficulty
of doing perfect justice either to the man or
the occasion —a difficulty increased by the
long, uninterrupted, almost, brotherly triend-
i shin which existed between him and myself,
ji But. difficult as the task may be, I cannot, if
■I I would, withhold my tribute to the character
and memory of one so much beloved, and
who is held by all his associates in most affec-
tionate remembrance.
The death of our friend was so unlooked
for, his promise of prolonged life and con-
tinued usefulness seemed so secure, it is hard
to realize that his place is vacant and that we
shall see him no more upon earth. _ But yes-
terday he stood among us, imposing in the
beauty and stateliness of perfect manhood, his
face beaming with kindliness,, his whole aspect
dignified and serene, glowing with health and
vigor. To-day ail that was mortal of our
friend and brother reposes in a distant grave,
among those by whom ho was loved and trusted
and honored, a grave watered by many tears
and venerated for its sacred dust, while the
true and noble spirit which once animated that
clay has ascended to give an account of its
mission upon earth, and to enjoy, as we may
well believe, the reward of a well-spent life._
An event like this, touching in its signifi-
cance, becomes the more startling when fol-
lowing closely upon another scarcely less im-
pressive. In a single session of the Senate,
within a few short months, we hear the an-
nouncement that death has laid his icy fingers
upon both Senators from one of the States of
this Union, each a man of eminent mark in this
body, and at a period when the loss of their
wisdom, their experience, their patriotism,
their unswerving integrity, and unselfish devo-
tion to their country's good is most severely
felt. That State has many noble and most
worthy sons among whom it may choose for
places of trust and honor, but no State can give
at once to the public councils the assurance,
which time only can bestow, of that fitness
which experience and trial alone can prove
and secure.
When, Mr. President, a man, however emi-
nent in other pursuits, and whatever claims he
may have to public confidence, becomes a mem-
ber of this bod v, he has much to learn and much
to endure. Little does he know of what lie will
have to encounter. He may be well read in pub-
lic affairs, but he is unaware of the difficulties
which must attend and embarrass every effort
to render what he may know available and use-
ful. He maybe upright in purpose and strong
in the belief in his own integrity, but he can-
not even dream of the ordeal to which he can-
not fail to be exposed, of how much courage
lie must possess to resist the temptations which
daily beset him; of that sensitive shrinking
from undeserved censure which he must learn
to control; of the ever-recurring contest be-
tween a natural desire for public approbation
and a sense of public duty; of the load of in-
justice he must be content to bear, even from
those who should be his friends; the imputa-
tions on his motives, the sneers and sarcasms
of ignorance and maliee, ail the manifold in-
juries which partisan or private malignity, dis-
appointed of its object, may _ shower upon his
unprotected head. All this, it he would retain
his integrity, he must learn to bear unmoved,
and walk steadily onward in the path of public
duty, sustained only by the reficction that time
may do him justice, or, if not. that his individ-
ual hopes and aspirations, and even his name
among men, should be of little account to him
when weighed in the balance against the wel-
fare of a people, of whose destiny he is a con-
stituted guardian and defender.
To such an ordeal, Mr. President, our la-
mented friend was subjected for fourteen years
at a most trying period, and admirably did he
bear the trial. Coming to the Senate when
two antagonist forces had proclaimed ivhat
soon proved to be a hollow truce, lie y as a wit-
ness to the outbreak which marked its termi-
nation, and was a party to the struggle wlneii,
after several vears, eventuated in civi 1 war.
From the first moment his eourse^vas clearly
defined. Representing a people of strong con-
victions. and himself a child of free institu-
tions, he could not but become their champion.
Assuming no leadership, content to follow so
lon°' as "the measures proposed commendcd
