1806.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Laws of the United States.
39th Cong. .. .1st Sess.
No. 49.—Joint Resolution relative to Appoint-
ments to the Military Academy of the Uni-
ted States.
Be it resolved by the Seriate andHouseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the age for the ad-
mission of cadets to the United States Military
Academy shall hereafter be between seventeen
and twenty-two years ; but any person who has
served honorably and faithfully not less than
o:ie year as an officer or enlisted man in the
Army of the United States, either as a volun-
teer or in the regular service, in the late war
for the suppression of the rebellion, and who
possesses the other qualifications prescribed by
law, shall be eligible to appointment up to the
age of twenty-four years. .
Sec. 2. And he it further resolved, That ca-
dets at the Military Academy shall hereafter
be appointed one year in advance of the time
of their admission, except in cases where, by
reason of death or other cause, a vacancy oc-
curs which cannot be thus provided for by such
appointment in advance; but no pay or allow-
ance shall be made to any such appointee until
he shall be regularly admitted on examination
as now provided by law; nor shall this provis-
ion apply to appointments to be made in the
present year. And in addition to the require-
ments necessary for admission as provided by
the third section of the "Act making further
provisions for the corps of engineers,'' ap-
proved April twenty-nine, eighteen hundred
and twelve, candidates shall be required to
have a knowledge of the elements of English
grammar, of descriptive geography, particu-
larly of our own country, and of the history
of the United States.
Sec. 3. And be it further resolved, That, in
all appointments of cadets to the Military
Academy after those who enter the present
year, the person authorized to nominate shall
nominate not less than five candidates for each
vacancy, all of whom shall be actual residents
of the congressional district, Territory, or
District of Columbia, entitled to the appoint-
ment: and the selection of one shall be made
from the candidates according to their respect-
ive merits and qualifications, under such rules
and regulations as the Secretary of War shall
from tune to time prescribe. And ill like man-
ner tin* President of the United States shall be
authorized hereafter to nominate fifty at large
each j ear, instead of ten as now provided by
law. who shall be examined under like regula-
tions. and of whom the ten who may be re-
porred as most meritorious and best qualified
shall be appointed: Provided, however, That
not more than two of these shall be appointed
in any year from one State.
Ai'i'iiovKD, June 10. 1806.
No. "id —Joint Resolution to extend to the
Counties of Berkeley and Jefferson, of West
Virginia, the Provisions of the Act approved
Julv fourth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four,
entitled "An Act to restrict the Jurisdiction
of the Court of Claims, and to provide for
the Payment of certain Demands for Quar-
termasters' Stores and Subsistence Supplies
furnished to the Army of the United States."
Ik it ri'sukc'd hi; the Senate imd House of Rep-
Tesrututires of Cie United Slates oj America in
-v ,ixs'fmh!t'd. That the provisions of the
act of Coniriess of Julv fourth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-four, entitled "An act to restrict
the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims, and for
other ur|ioses." be and the same are hereby
confuted to extend to the counties of Berkeley
and .it iferson. of the State of est. \ irginia.
Ai'ruovKi). June 18, 1866.
sand dollars be, and the same is hereby, appro-
priated out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to enable the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings to place the Potomac
bridge in such repair as to render it perma-
nently passable, the work to be done immedi-
ately after the approval of this joint resolu-
tion.
Approved, June 18,1866.
No. 52.—A Resolution to provide for the Pay-
ment of Bounty to certain Indian Regi-
ments.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
| sentatives of the United States of America in
j Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
j be, and he is hereby, authorized and required
i to cause to be paid to the enlisted men of the
I first, second, and third Indian regiments the
bounty of one hundred dollars, under the same
regulations and restrictions as now determine
the payment of bounty to other volunteers in
the service of the United States.
Approved, June 18,1866.
-Joint Resolution makingan Approprt-
>r the Repair of the Potomac Bridge.
No.
ntion i'<r the Hepai'. -
h'rfnhvj /iy the Senate and House of Repre-
S' ntalir.-s r,f' the Unit.;! Slates of America in
Ccuyi'i'ss (mewhtcd, That the sum of tentliou-
No. 53._—A Resolution explanatory of, and in
addition to, the Act of May fifth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four, entitled "An Act
granting Lands to aid in the Construction
of certain Railroads in Wisconsin."
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the words ''in a
northwestern direction," in the third section
of the act entitled "An act granting lands to
aid in the construction of certain railroads in
the State of Wisconsin," approved May fifth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, shall, without
forfeiture to said State, or its assigns, of any
rights or benefits under said act, or exemption
from any of the conditions or obligations im-
posed thereby, be construed to authorize the
location of the line of said road, in said third
section provided for, along and upon the fol-
lowing route, that is to say: from the city of
Portage, by the way of the city of liipon, in the
county of Fond du Lac, and the city of Berlin,
in the county of Green Lake, to Steven's Point,
and thence to Bayfield, and thence to Superior,
on Lake Superior. And the Legislature of the
said State of Wisconsin, having, in and by an
act entitled ''An actto incorporate the Portage
and Superior Railroad Company, and to exe-
cute the trust created by section three of the
act of Congress entitled 'An [act] granting
lands to aid in the construction of certain rail-
roads in the State of Wisconsin,' approved May
fifth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four," ap-
proved April —, eighteen hundred and sixty-
six, authorized and required the said Portage
and Superior Railroad Company to construct
the line of road in the said third section of the
said act of Congress provided for, upon and
along the route hereinbefore set forth and de-
scribed, the Congress of the United States
hereby gives its assent to the route of the said
railroad, as the same is hereinbefore described
and set forth, and consents to the selection and
application of the lands granted to the State of
Wisconsin by the third section of the said act
of Congress hereinbefore mentioned, for aud
to the line of the said railroad, as the same is
hereinbefore defined and described, in the same
manner and with the same effect as if the said
railroad was located and constructed in strict
conformity with and upon Reroute prescribed
in the said third section of the said act of Con-
gress. It being the intention of this resolution
to give the assent of the United States to the
disposition made by the Legislature of the State
of Wisconsin of the land grant herein referred
to, and the change of route for the railroad in
aid of which the same is granted, and not to
make any other disposition, change, or altera-
tion of the grant aforesaid.
Approved, June. 21, 186i>.
No. 55. A Resolution for the Restoration of
Lieutenant Commander Richard L. Law;
United States Navy, to the Active List from
the Reserved List.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America iti
Congress assembled, That the President of the
United States be authorized to nominate, and
by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-*
ate to appoint, Lieutenant Commander Richard
L. Law to the active list of the Navy, and re-
store him to his original rank in the grade of
lieutenant commander.
Approved, June 22, 1866.
No. 57.—Joint Resolution to authorize the Dis-
tribution of surplus Copies of the American
State Papers in the Custody of the Secretary
of the Interior.
Be it resoleed by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, directed to dis-
tribute by mail or otherwise four hundred copies
of the American State Papers, second series, in
seventeen volumes, in the manner following, to
wit:
To each member of the Senate and House
of Representatives of the present Congress, one
copy of each of said seventeen volumes; and to
such public and college libraries as may be des-
ignated by the Joint Committee on the Library,
one copy each.
Approved, June 23, 1866.
No. 58.—Joint Resolution to pay the State of
Vermont the Sum expended for the Protec-
tion of the Frontier against the Invasion from
Canada, in eighteen hundred and sixty-four.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and hereby is, authorized to pay
the State of Vermont any sum that may be
found due, after the same shall have been au-
dited by the proper officers of the Treasury
Department, expended by the State of Vermont
for the defense and protection of the frontier
from invasion from Canada, in eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-four: Provided, That the amount
to be audited and paid shall not exceed the sum
of sixteen thousand four hundred and sixty-
three dollars and eighty-one cents.
Appkoved, June 23, 1866.
No. 62.—A Resolution for the Construction /
of a Railroad Bridge across the Cuyahoga
River, over and upon the Government Piers
at Cleveland, Ohio.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre^
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
bo, and he is hereby, authorized to permit the
Cleveland and Toledo Railroad Company and
the Cleveland and Pittsburg/i Railroad Com-
pany jointly, or either of said companies for
their joint use or separate use, to erect a swing
bridge over and upon the Government piers,
for the passage of cars across^ the Cuyahoga
river, at the city of Cleveland, in the State of
Ohio, upon such plan as shall hereafter be
approved by the City Council of said city of
Cleveland and by the Board of Trade of the
same city, subject, however, to such conditions,
restrictions, and limitations as said Secretary
of War may see fit to impose at any period of
time, whether prior or subsequent to the erec-
tion of said bridge: Provided, [lhat] this res-
olution and all acts done under it shall be sub-
ject to the future action of Congress.
Approved, July 3, I860.
No. 63.—A Resolution to authorize the Hiring
of a Building or Buildings for the Temporary
Accommodation of the Department of State.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of State
