3830
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
Mr. GRIMES. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the amendmentcannot be received.
UNIFORM BANKRUPT LAW.
Mr. POLAND. On my motion on Saturday,
the House bill to establish a uniform system
of bankruptcy was made the special order for
to-day at one o' clock. I am aware that by our
rules the unfinished business of Saturday takes
frecedence, and as that measure is one which
feel somo anxiety*to have passed, I do not
wish to antagonize it -with the bankrupt bill,
but I desire to give notice that as soon as that
measure is disposed of I shall ask the Senate
to proceed to the consideration of the bank-
ruptcy bill, and I hope we may be ready to
have it considered.
NORTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (S. No. 387) to secure the speedy construc-
tion of the Northern Pacific railroad and tele-
graph line, and to secure to the Government
the use of the same for postal, military, and
other trarposes.
Hr/HOWARD. Mr. President, I did not
expect the bill now under consideration would
have encountered so earnest an opposition on
the pait of the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sher-
man.] I had-hoped that looking upon the
measure in the light in which I am compelled
to regard it, we should have had the benefit
of his support; but for some reason his con-
victions lead him to oppose the passage of this
bill. In the fervor of his opposition he has
made some statements to which it is my duty
to endeavor to make a reply.
His first and leading objection appears to be
that the Northern Pacific railroad is to be a
rival lino to the Union Pacific railroad. X do
not regard it in that light. What is the route
of the Union Pacific railroad? Proceeding
from its eastern terminus, already fixed by an
order of the President of the United States,
and running to the Pacific ocean, you will find
that its average latitude, so to speak, is about
the fortieth degree. That will be the line,
generally speaking, upon which that route will
proceed from east to west. This will leave a
region between that road and the northern
national boundary line of nine degrees of lat-
itude, a space no less than six hundred and
twenty-five miles wide from south to north:
while its length from east to west is not less
than eighteen hundred miles; making a sur-
face of not less than eleven hundred thousand
square miles. By the charter of the Northern
Pacific railroad, the company in laying down
its line is required to run it, so far as practi-
cable, upon the forty-fifth degree of latitude,
from Lake Superior on the east, commencing
either in Wisconsin or in Minnesota, running
westwardly and terminating at Pugct sound.
The probability is that the general line will
lie somewhat north of the forty-fifth degree of
latitude. But if it shall run upon that line as
required by the charter—and to this I desire
to call the attention of the Senator from Ohio
—the distance between this line andtheUnion
Pacific line v.-ill not be less on an average than
three hundred and forty-seven miles. The
space lying between the two lines will be just
about that number of miles in width, while the
space lying between the Northern Pacific rail-
road route and the divisional boundary line
between the United Slates and the British pos-
sessions will not, upon an average, be less than
two hundred and seventy miles in width. I
am utterly unable to see how it can happen
that the Northern Pacific railroad is to be a
rival of the Union Pacific, lying, as it must,
three hundred and fifty miles to the north of
it. The internal business that will be con-
ducted upon these two roads will, of course,
be furnished to the one and the other by the
industry and the enterprise of the American
people, who shall proceed into that distant
region and settle and become the permanent
owners of the soil, carrying on all the branches
of industry and trade by which the necessary
patronage ia to be furnished to both roads. I
have yet to learn that railroad men have re-
garded two roads lying three hundred and fifty
miles apart as necessarily or practically rival
lines.
Sir, there is no rivalry, that I can perceive,
except the very remote one in the East India
trade ; and I take it that my friend from Ohio
would not oppose a measure like this upon the
sole ground that the two roads might become
competitors for the American trade in the
East Indies. I apprehend that rivalry will
have hardly a perceptible effect upon the rev-
enues of either road. It will be so small, in
comparison with the other business which both
will transact, as not to be felt in the estimates;
but even if it be felt, I can perceive no reason
whatever why the northern portion of the Uni-
ted States, of which this region constitutes so
large a part, should be deprived of any benefit
which their industrious and enterprising popu-
lation may be able to derive from the employ-
ment of the Northern Pacific railroad, and the
East India trade in conr^ction with it. It is
useless to disguise the fact that it is the deter-
mination of the people of the northern States
to open this great avenue to the East Indies,
and to have those facilities which are neces-
sary in carrying forward settlement and enter-
prise of all descriptions into this wild, and at
present unsettled region. Gentlemen may dep-
recate it; they may doubt it; but, sir, the decree
has gone forth, and it will not be in the power
of Congress to reverse it, that a Northern Pa-
cific railroad shall and will be constructed
through that region, and that northern capital
and northern enterprise and northern labor
shall have the benefit of it.
The second objection made by the Senator
fronl Ohio to the passage of the bill is that it
" gives'' to this company a no less sum than
$122,000,000 jrithout security. I was not a
little surprised at this statement. I cannot,
conceive what are the eleBients out of which
it is made. He did not sco fit to lay them
before the Senate, or to refer to any data in
his possession or within his knowledge justify-
ing him in making so gross a misrepresenta-
tion of the scheme of the bill. I do not sup-
pose the Senator designed making a misrepre-
sentation of the contents of the bill. He pos-
sesses too much candor and too much honesty
of heart to justify me in bringing such an impu-
tation.
Mr. SHERMAN. As this is a matter of
figures about which we certainly ought not to
differ, I will state to the Senator that I take
the amounts from the bjJJ itself, and the dis-
tances furnished me by gentlemen interested
in this road. I can give him the precise fig-
ures. I have the computation here.
Mr. HOWARD. I shall be very glad to be
informed of the data upon which that state-
ment was made.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will give you the data.
The guarantee is for four hundred and fifty
miles east of the one hundred and first merid-
ian of longitude at 824,900 a mile, given by
the bill, making $10,205,000. The guarantee
is for six hundred and twenty miles west of the
one hundred and first meridian of longitude to
a certain point in the mountains at $32,000 a
mile, making S19,8-10,000. The third guar-
antee is for five hundred and twenty miles
west of and in the range of mountains, at $98,-
900 a mile, making Sol, 128,000. The guar-
antee for the western division, which is not
fixed, but is estimated, is three hundred and
fifty miles at $57,000 a mile, Making $19,970,-
000; making the principal of the stock guar-
antied $102,143,000. You pay six per cent,
interest on that for twenty years, which makes
the precise amount I gave to the Senate, $122,-
572,(iOO, with a great probability of the length
of the line being increased by the surveys of
the route and the windings across the mount-
ains to make it longer than is estimated for;
but I give the distances as I find them in the
terms of the bill. I do not think that as to the
amount there ought to be any question.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, that estimate
is upon the assumption that the Government will
be called upon absolutely topay the interest upon
the principal sum which he has mentioned for
twenty years and receive nothing whatever in
return. That is a pretty broad assumption. It
is in effect imputing to this company a design
to get theguarantee of interest upon their stock,
use their stock, build their road, and never pay
the Government of the United States a single
cent by way of reimbursement. Is that a lair
mode of treating such a company as this? Is
it not probable, I submit to the Senator, that
this company will under the bill be.eompelled
from time to time to pay to the United States
whatever they may receive for the lands lying
on the south side of the route? Certainly they
will be so compelled. The terms of the bill
require it. The moment they sell the lands
upon the south side of their route they are
required by this bill to pay over the proceeds
into the Treasury of the United States. The
Senator assumes that they will designedly cheat
the United States by retaining the proceeds,
which are a trust fund out of which payment is
to be made. The Senator assumes further that
for the transportation which the United States
will necessarily require of that company during
the twenty years, we shall not receive a dollar
from the company. Does the Senator sup-
pose that the United States will have no trans-
portation upon that route? If he will look
at the statement made by General Meigs of the
amount of transportation through that wilder-
ness region during the year 18(55, he will find
that the United States in 18Q-5 paid out more
than six million dollars for freight on Gov-
ernment stores and Government property of
various kinds, all or a large portion of which
would have been transported over this road
had it been built. The road is to be completed
at the end of ten years ; and after it shall have
been completed, as it must be according to its
charter within that time, then twenty-five per
cent, of the net earnings of the road is to be
appropriated to the reimbursement of the Uni-
ted States on account of this interest. Sir, it
struck me at the time that the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio was somewhat too venturous in
his zeal against this bill in the statements he
made. When examined in the light of the bill
and of existing facts, it will appear that, it van-
ishes into thin air, and that there is really no
foundation for his assumption.
Another objection raised by the Senator was,
that at the time of the passage of the Northern
Pacific railroad charter, in 1SG-1, it was agreed
between the company and Congress that they
would never ask the United States for any cash
subsidy. I was not in my seat at that time,
and cannot, therefore, speak with confidence
as to any assurances they may have given. It
is sufficient, however, to refer to the charter
itself, in which it is declared that no money
shall be paid out of the Treasury of the United
States on account of this road; so careful was
Congress to guard the Treasury against any
obligations or liability of this description.
What are the facts? The charter of the Union
Pacific railroad requires the Government to
lend to that company and its three branches,
for every mile of road constructed, a sum of
not less than $16,000 to aid them in the pros-
ecution of the work; and through the mount-
ain regions along that route the Government
is required to lend them S48.000 per mile for a
distance of three hundred miles in the whole.
The liability of the United States under that
charter, on account of the bonds it is to issue,
will not be less than S50,000,000, and will
probably exceed that amount: while in ref-
erence to the Northern Pacific railroad the
Government refused, in 1804, to lend them ai
single dollar, either in cash or credit. It is
very true, as the Senator remarked, that Con-
gress gave to the company twice the quantity
of land per mile on the Northern road that is
possessed by the Union Pacific, in the hope,
undoubtedly—for it is not to bo doubted that
that was the hope and the expectation of Con-
gress—that they would be enabled to proceed
and finish this great and majcstic undertaking
! solely by the proceeds of this liberal donation
