2870
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
IXTER-STATE IXTERC0 CRSE.
Mr. SUMNER. I now move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 13.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (II. II. No. 11) to
facilitate commercial, postal, and military com-
munication among the several States.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. On this
question the Senator from Maine is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. MORRILL. When I gave way yester-
day to a motion that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of executive business, I had made
up my mind that the Senate had perhaps been
troubled with the consideration of this ques-
tion about as long as it ought to be, and that
though I considered it a question of very great
importance, I had on one or two occasions
done enough to call the attention of the Sen-
ate to the subject. I think that after so much
I ought, perhaps, to content myself with re-
cording my vote against the measure without
trespassing longer upon tho Senate; I will
therefore make no further remarks.
Mr. CLARK. I move to amend the bill by
striking out the word '' connections'' at the end
of line five and the beginning of line six. I
make the motion because the word ''connec-
tions'' in that part of the bill is ambiguous. It
is explained as meaning a portion of the road ;
that is, the connections, the side-tracks, of the
road; but it may have the meaning of other
roads connecting with the road; and to pre-
vent any sueh construction as that one railroad
lias a right to run over another road connecting
with it, I move to strike out that word "con-
nections," because if it can run over its own
road, that means its entire road, the whole road.
Mr. CHANDLER. I see no particular ob-
jection to the amendment if the Senator insists
upon it, but I can see no necessity for it.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope there will be no
amendment to the bill. It has been thoroughly
considered in the House of Representatives and
in the Senate during several sessions. It is
very brief, quite to the purpose, and I do not
think it needs amendment. Certainly we can-
not afford to strike anything out.
Mr. CLARK. That may be the opinion of
the Senator from Massachusetts. The bill is
truly very brief. The Senator says it does not
need amendment. I think on the whole it does
need it, and I should be glad to make it more
acceptable. That was the occasion of my mov-
ing an amendment to it. I think the word
"connections'' as there used is very objection-
able, and I hope that it will be stricken out.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. C£ARK. 1 propose to amend the bill
further 
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the Senator permit
me to call his attention to a word in line nine?
Mr. CLARK. Certainly.
Mr. JOHNSON. The honorable member
has stated his reason for striking out the word
'connections," in lines five and six, and in
that the Senate have concurred. It seems to
me to be necessary also to strike out the word
'connect;" in the ninth line, for it goes on to
say and to connect with roads of other States,
so as to form continuous lines." How is that
to be done?
Mr. CLARK. I do not think it worth while
to amend by striking out the words "to con-
nect " there, because if a road can connect with
another I am willing that it should do so.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no objection to
that either; but suppose it cannot do so by its
charter?
Mr. CLARK. I was about proposing this
amendment to be added at the close of the bill:
Nor shall it be construed to authorize any railroad
t-o duiJq any new road or connection with any other
road, without authority from tho State in which such
railroad or connection may be proposed,
I have no objection to
that That will do.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope that amendment
will not prevail. It is well known that the
State of New Jersey ha3 refused not only to
permit connections to be made, but to permit
roads to carry freight or passengers within the
State. The objeet of this bill is to control the
commerce passing from one State to another.
The State of New Jersey has seen fit to levy a
tax upon the transit both of passengers and of
freight through the State. She has assumed
a power that we believe she does not possess ;
nor did she believe it, because in the very eon-
tract which she made in this railroad monopoly
in New Jersey was a stipulation that in a cer-
tain event, to wit, in the event of Congress
authorizing any other road or route, then the
bonus which she was receiving from this cor-
poration should cease and be void. The very
object of this bill is to control the commerce
passing through any State; if you please, the
State of New Jersey or any other State. The
Constitution says that Congress shall have
power to regulate commerce with foreign na-
tions and among the several States. Now, if
the State of New Jersey possesses the power
to levy a small tax upon passengers and upon
freight passing through the State, she has the
power to levy a larger tax. If she can levy
ten cents on every passenger going through
she can levy ten dollars. We deny the power
of a State to tax property in transit or passen
gers in transit through her borders. Now, sir
if this amendment should prevail, of course it
would destroy the object of the bill. I hope it
will not prevail.
Mr. CLARK. I did not so understand the
object of the bill to be that if this amendment
prevailed it would destroy it. The amendment
simply is, that this act shall not authorize the
building of a new railroad or connection of
railroad within a State without its authority.
Now, is the objeet of the bill, and the con-
fessed object of the bill, to authorize anybody
to build a railroad within a State without the
authoritv of the State?
Mr. CHANDLER. That is not the intention.
Mr. CLARK. Then the amendment does
not destroy the object of the bill. I under-
stood the object of the bill to be to authorize
the carrying of the mails and of freight on the
railroads which are built, from one State to
another. That is a very different thing from
the authorization of the building of a railroad.
Now, while it is entirely true, under the pro-
visions of the Constitution, that you may reg-
ulate commerce between the States, or from
State to State, I take it that does not authorize
you to build the avenues of commerce. That
is a very different matter; and to guard against
any such construction of the bill, and to put it
in such a shape that it might command some
votes, I proposed this amendment. I do not
desire to take up the time of the Senate in
debating it. I ask for the yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 24, nays 15, as fqjlows:
YEAS—Messrs,, Buckalew, Clark, Cowan, Crajrin,
Creswell, Davis, Fcssendeii, Foster, Grimes, Guthrie,
Harris, Henderson, Hendricks, Johnson, Kirkwood,
Lane of Kansas, Morrill, Nesmith, Norton, Kiddle,
Saulsbnry, Van Winkle, Willey, and Williams—24.
AA^fe — Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Edmunds,
Howard, Howe, Morgan, Nye, Poland, Pomerov.
Kamsey, Sherman, Stewart, Sumner, Wade, and Wil-
son—16.
ABSEXT—Messrs. Brown, Conness, Dixon, Doolit-
tle, Lane of.Indiana, MeDougali, Sprague, Trumbull,
Wright, and Yates—10.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. I would ask the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Commerce what
was supposed by the committee to be the extent
of the authority granted to these companies,
which is given in the eighth line of the bill.
Each of them is authorized to carry the mail,
&c., and all property destined from one State
into another State, "and to receive compensa-
tion therefor." Is it intended to enlarge the
rate of compensation to which they are limited
by their respective charters?
Mr. CHANDLER. Doe3 the Senator desire
an answer now?
Mr. JOHNSON. Ysbj sir.
j Mr. CHANDLER. The facts in the case
j, are briefly these: in 18(11 and 18(12 the Gov-
ernment was pressed for transportation ; it
could not transport troops and supplies to a
sufficient extent through the State of New Jer-
sey by the Camden and Ambov railroad ; that
'j company had not the capacity to do it; and a
|| Government quartermaster impressed another
jl railroad and passed over that road seventeen
ii thousand two hundred and forty-eight men, and
' six hundred and forty-nine horses, and eight
hundred and six thousand pounds of freight,
and that company received compensation. The
Government, in fact, took the road, because it
required that road for its transportation. The
Camden and Amboy Railroad Company sued
that railroad company, and under a decision
of the courts in New Jersey, compelled that
company to pay back every dollar of money
received for the transportation of Government
troops and supplies, when they were actually
forced by the Government to carry them. The
intention of this bill is to compel any State to
permit the traffic of other States to pass through
it, if there be au open channel. The State of
New Jeisey has discriminated in favor of her
own citizens. She permits her own citizens to
take freight over this road and she will not
permit the citizens of other States to do so. It
is believed to be an unjust discrimination against
the citizens of other States, and against the
interests of the commerce of the United States.
We intend, in this bill, to open up channels of
communication for trade between the several
States. That is the intention and meaning of it.
Mr. J OHNSON. With due deference to my
friend from Michigan, I think he does not un-
derstand the question that I put to him. It is
not whether one or the other railroad company
is to receive compensation, but it is as to the
rate of the compensation. It may be that under
this bill any railroad company which may carry
passengers, &c., " on their way from any State
to another State, and receive compensation
therefor," may claim the right to charge just
what they please. The question, therefore,
which I propounded to the honorable member
was, what was to be the rate of compensation;
was it intended to free these companies from
the rates limited by their charters?
Mr. CHANDLER. Not at all; it does not
intend to interfere with them in that respect.
Mr. JOHNSON. So I supposed. Then, to
make that plain, I propose to amend the bill
by inserting after the word "therefor," in the
ninth line, the words " not exceeding the rates
allowed by its charter." I think there can be
no objection to that.
_ Mr. CHANDLER. I see no particular objec-
tion to that amendment, nor do I see any neces-
sity for it. Of course, these companies cannot
charge more than their charters authorize them
to charge. The amendment seems to me to be
superfluous, and I would rather not have it oa
the bill, because it is not needed.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish the attention of
the Senator from Maryland for one moment.
I do not understand the force of his amendment
exactly. If the State legislation was in th e nature
of prohibition to a particular company to carry
freight or passengers, what would be the rate
of compensation in that case ? Or, suppose the
State had failed to prescribe any rate of com-
pensation, what then would it be?
_ Mr. JOHNSON. At the rate of similar ser-
vices. This bill is intended to give the right,
and I assume now that Congress has authority
to pass the act. I do not propose to argue that
question; but, assuming the authority to be in
Congress to pass the act, the whole effect of
the amendment will be that the road is not to
charge more than the same rate it is authorized
to charge for similar services, or any services
in carrying passengers or carrying freight.
Mr. CHANDLER. The State of New Jer-
sey prohibits any but one road from transport-
ing at all, and of course does not permit any
compensation ; and -I am rather of opinion,
on reflection, that the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Maryland would have the effect to
destroy the bill-.
