1910
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
themselves to bis judgment and his conscience,
his firm and vigorous support was always to be
relied 011 as a certainty. He was not one to
make"capital for himself at the expense of his
country or of those with whom he acted. If
work was to be done he was ready to do it.
If a trying moment came it found him pre-
pared. W hatever of dire portents might shoot
across the political sky, with unshrinking heart
he stood erect to meet, and if possible to avert,
the threatened calamity. Deejply lamenting the
terrible issue, sad and sometimes almost de-
spairing as he witnessed its sanguinary results,
there was no moment of doubt, not even of hesi-
tation, with him. Let us rejoice and be thankful
that he lived to see the dawn of a brighter day.
Through all this long period of fourteen
years, checkered as they were with great events,
the course of ordinary legislation has required
a high degree of intellectual power. In a coun-
try like ours, where progress is so rapid, change
so instantaneous, the human mind so active,
new fields of effort so broad and diversified,
legislation must accommodate itself to the
necessities and often to the impulse of the
hour. It is impossible here to travel steadily
in ancient ways. The legislator who stands
Still will not meet the requirements of our day.
Of such our friend was not one. With an
intellect broad and powerful in its grasp, and
enlarged by study and reflection, limited by no
narrow or sectional views, just and liberal in
spirit, looking upon his country as a whole, and
loving it in all its parts, nothing that could aid
in its development or advance its best inter-
ests failed to receive his sympathy and sup-
port. And seldom was his deliberate judgment
at fault. To say that he might not sometimes
have erred would be to proclaim him more than
human. To assert that he was never willfully
wrong, or erred but where wise and good men
might well differ, is doing him no more than
justice. The crowning beauty of his public
life, more than all else, was that whatever he
did, however he might act, no spot was left
upon the perfect enamel of his character as a
legislator. Malice could not stain its white-
ness. In all that he did there was that trans-
parent truthfulness which attracts and secures
the confidence of friends, and compels the
respect, and even the admiration, of adversa-
ries—enemies, he had none.
A stranger, Mr. President, upon entering this
Chamber, and casting his eyes around upon
the Senate, could not but be struck with the
imposing presence of our departed friend arid
associate and attracted by the rare union of
mildness and dignity in his expressive features.
If he rose to speak, the commanding yet pleas-
ing tones of his voice, the noble grace of his
demeanor, the elegance of his language, and
his clear and forcible statement would deepen
the first favorable impression. If called to the
chair, as he was more often than any other,
that seemed to be the place he was made to
fill. There was exhibited his remarkable love
of order, his impartiality, his sense of sena-
torial propriety, his entire fitness to preside
over and control the deliberations of what
should be a grave, decorous, and dignified
body of thoughtful men charged with great
trusts and alive to their importance. "What-
ever was in the least degree unbecoming was
offensive to his feelings and his taste, but how-
ever these might be offended he never for a
moment forgot what was due to the Senate,
and to himself as its officer. Would that his
precepts and his example in these particulars
may not be forgotten. Often, sir,when we look
upon the chair you occupy, however ably and
faithfully it may be filled, must we think of
him whose admonitions we well remember,
and to whose unshaken firmness and unwearied
patience we were so often indebted forthe pres-
ervation of that respect which we owed to
ourselves.
Averse to much speaking, Mr. Foot did not
often address the Senate, and never but after
tareful thought; and yet he possessed every
advantage for distinguished success. His men-
tal powers, as I have before remarked, were
carefully trained and cultivated, his command
of language was excellent, his taste correct, his
voice sonorous, and his action at once grace-
ful and dignified. That with such advantages
he should have taken so small a share in debate,
especially in later years when he had become
familiar with public affairs, must seem not a
little singular to those not acquainted with his
habits of thought and his peculiar tempera-
ment. The explanation, however, is simple,
and may be found in his remarkable want of
self-appreoiation. Modest to a fault, he never
did anything like justice to his own powers.
To others, and especially to those who pos-
sessed his confidence and affection, he did more
than justice—being too ready always to receive
and defer to the opinions of others in no respect
superior to himself. Thence it followed that
he seldom addressed the Senate upon subjects
which occasioned general debate. Upon those
rare occasions when his voice was heard the
questions were such for the most part as in
his opinion had not received the attention
their importance deserved. We all know the
respect with which he was invariably listened
to, and the light shed by his intellect and his in-
dustry upon whatever subject he chose to touch.
His political friends are well aware how this
want of self-assertion in merely personal mat-
ters was exhibited in all his relations to and
intercourse with them. Though long the old-
est member of the Senate in consecutive ser-
vice, he invariably avoided conspicuous place.
While others might seek for and claim desir-
able positions upon leading committees as due
to their States, if not to themselves, he was
satisfied with any that was assigned to him,
however derogatory it might seem to his age
and standing—preferring and urging the claims
of others, and desiring only that all should be
satisfied. Often have I known him to insist
that his name should be struck from an im-
portant committee, in order to replace it with
the name of a friend or associate to whom he
thought the distinction would be grateful. To
him more than any other was assigned the
unenviable task of arranging these committees,
not only because all confided in his sense of
justice, but because of his disinterested mag-
nanimity. I have often thought that such gen-
erous abnegation of self should not have been
permitted. I know that on several occasions
it was peremptorily overruled.
That such a Senator, so useful, so modest,
so unassuming, so courteous, so kind, of a de-
portment so unexceptionable, should have won
the good-will of all his associates and the love
of many, and that his loss should occasion uni-
versal sorrow, may well be supposed. Those,
however, who saw and marked the crowds as-
sembled to witness the last sad ceremonies, and
who noted the many weeping eyes which looked
upon his coffin, would naturally be led to con-
sider that nothing in the routine of his public
career could account for a grief so deep and
so general. Men are not apt to be mourned
with tears for public services, or even on ac-
count of public or private virtue. Great intel-
lectual preeminence may excite admiration,
but when the light goes out its absence occa-
sions but a weak and transient emotion. Gifts
and qualities like these '* come not.near the
heart." The secret of all that genuine and
unaffected sorrow for the friend we have lost
lies in the feeling of all who came within his
sphere, that his was a true and noble and lov-
ing nature. Impulsive and ardent in temper-
ament, he was kind, generous, and forgiving.
If injury excited him to anger, it was a gen-
erous^ anger which could hardly outlive the
occasion, and perished of itself if let alone.
Enthusiastic in his friendship, no labor was too
severe, no sacrifice too great, for those to whom
he gave his affection. He was proud of his
country, of his State, of his friends. For him-
self he was humble. Of an open hand, his
charity was instantaneous and unsuspecting. If
" He prayeth best, who lovetb best
AU things, both gre^t said small,"
then was he a man of prayer. And if " the
chamber where a good man meets his fate"
is holy, then may we rejoice who were per-
mitted to feel the loveliness of his dying hour.
Admirable Senator! patriotic citizen! good
and true man! dear and cherished friend! this
scene of your many labors will know you no
more, but long will your memory dwell in
these Halls! This marble pile, bearing the
impress of your watchful care, is one of your
monuments. Its massive pillars will stand
erect, giving their testimony to our country's
grandeur long, long after we and generations
yet to come shall have passed like shadows
upon the water; yet he who, like yourself,
shall have performed his duty in life and died
with a Christian's hope will survive when all
these columns shall be lost to sight in the accu-
mulated dust of ages.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, when it was
signified that a subsequent day would be set
apart for appropriate commemoration in honor
of the lately deceased Senator from Vermont,
I had designed preparing some extended trib-
ute to attest my warm regard for his virtues
and my great appreciation of his talents. An
indisposition, however, that has prostrated me
almost to the present moment will prevent my
doing as I would have wished. Still I am not
willing to let this occasion pass without any
memorial word from my lips.
Long years ago, sir, I learned to admire the
steadfast devotion to free principles, amid the
thick conflict of impending revolution, man-
ifested in the public life of Senator Foot.
There was a moral force, an undemonstrative
heroism, in his quiet methods of persistence,
impressive far beyond any pronounced man-
nerism. But it was only when I came to know
him personally in the relations of private inter-
course that I realized the force and beauty of
his full-orbed manhood.
The reciprocal action of thought and feeling
so often dissociated by the wear of political avo-
cation was with him a perfect accord. Among
the first who extended to me the hand of wel-
come upon my entrance into this body, he
emphasized that welcome by a cordial manner,
a refined courtesy, an unselfish guidance, and
from that hour until the hour of his departure
I can truly say that I relied upon his friend-
ship with a confidence as absolute as if it had
been the growth of years. It seemed as though
the animation of his noble nature shone out
radiant from bis person, that a countenance in
which was blended boldness and sweetness gave
true index of the spirit within. And such as
he seemed I ever found him to b®—a man free
from guile, pure in patriotism, clear of faith,
upright, punctual, deliberate, and wise with
the wisdom that comes of observation, which
develops in action rather than argument, and
which is serene bccause it is ever charitable.
Of a large type of intellect, capable of most
moving speech.graceful beyond most in elocu-
tion, he was seldom heard in the debates of this
Chamber; and yet it will be said of him that
few, if any, better fulfilled the pi-oper duties of
a Senator or did more thoroughly the work
assigned him, either by constituents or com-
peers. Often chosen t,o preside here, eminently
worthy of such dignity, possessed with a voice
rich in melody, quick of apprehension amid
diverse questioning, rapid in judgments, yet
modest in affirmation, he became at last Ihe
oracle of the Senate, to whom all referred in dis-
puted matters of parliamentary ruling. Obser-
vant, scrupulously-observant, of the forms and
ceremonies that usage has grown, like mosses,
around the procedure of this the most august
deliberative body of the world, he was yet even
more deferential to duty than to form or cere-
mony. Tndeed, I think if he had one dominant
element that ruled all else in his evenly bal-
ancedinind, it was a rigid, unswerving sense of
duty that would suffer no consideration to set
aside its claim ; a sense of duty to which, in the
prime of a vigorous physical development, he,
by too assiduous devotion, sacriiiced his life.
