848
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
matter of course, where there is bo opposing
party.
Mr* POMEROY. If the gentleman thinks
that that end can be effected, it is all I ask.
Mr. JENCKES. It can be, I have no doubt.
Mr. POMEROY. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
The Clerk then proceeded -with the reading
of the bilL
The fourteenth section was read, as follows:
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That as soon, as said
assignee is appointed and qualified, the judge, or,
where there is no opposing interest, the register, shall,
by an instrument under his hand, assign and convey
to the assignee all the estate, real and personal, of the
bankrupt, with all his deeds, books, and papers relat-
ing thereto, and such assignment shall relate back to
the eommencementofsaid proceedings in bankruptcy,
and thereupon, by operation of law, all such property
and estate, both real and personal, shall vest in said
assignee, although the same is then attached on mesne
process as the property of the debtor, and shall dis-
solve any such attachment made within sis months
next preceding the commencement of said proceed-
ings: Provided, however, That there shall be excepted
from the operation of the provisions of this section the
necessary household and kitchen furniture, and such
other articles and necessaries of such bankrupt as the
said assignee shall designate and set apart, having
reference in the amount to the family, condition, and
circumstances of the bankrupt, but altogether not to
exceed usi value in any case the sum of $600; and also
the wearing apparel of such bankrupt, and that of his
wife and children, and the uniform, arms, and equip-
ments of any person }vho is or has been asoldier in tho
militia or in the service of the United States; and
guch other property as now is, or hereafter shall be,
exempted from attachment or seizure or levy on
execution by the laws of the United States; and the
determination of the assignee in the matter shall, on
exception taken, be subject to the final decision of
the said court: And pi'ovided further, That no mort-
gage of any vessel or of any other goods or chattels,
made as security for any debt or debts, in good
faith and for present considerations and otherwise
Valid, and duly recorded, pursuant to any statute
*)f the United States, or of any State, shall be in-
validated or affected hereby; and all the property
■conveyed by the bankrupt in fraud of hi3 creditors:
all rights in equity, chosesin action, patents and pat-
ent rights and copyrights: all debts due him, or any
person for his use, and all liens and securities there-
for ; and all his rights of action for property or estate,
real or personal, and for any cause of action which
the bankrupt had against any person arising from
contract or from the unlawful taking or detention of
the property of the bankrupt; and all his rights of
redeeming such property or estate with the like right,
title, power, and authority to sell, manage, dispose of,
sue for, and recover or defend the same, as the bank-
rupt might or could have had if no assignment had
been made, shall, in virtue of the adjudication of
bankruptcy and theapi>ointment of his assignee, be at
onco vested in such assignee; and he may sue tor and
recover the said estate, debts, and effects, and may
prosecute and defend all suits at law or in equity,
pending atthe time of the adjudication of bankruptcy,
in which such bankrupt is a party in his own name,
inthe same manner and with the like effect as they
might have been presented or defended by sueh
bankrupt; and a copy, duly certified by the clerk
of the court, under the seal thei eof, of the assign-
ment made by the judge or register, as the case may
be, to him as assignee, shall be conclusive evidence
of his title as such assignee to take, hold, sue for,
and recover the property of the bankrupt as here-
inbefore mentioned; but no property held by the
bankrupt in trust shall pass by such assignment.
No person shall be entitled to maintain an action
against an assignee in bankruptcy for anything done
by him as such assignee, without previously giving
him twenty days' notice of such action, specifying the
cause thereof, to the end thatsuch assignee may havo
an opportunity of tendering amends, should he see fit
to do so. No person shall be entitled, as against the as-
signee, to withhold from him possession of any books
of account of the bankrupt, or claim any lien thereon;
and no suit in which the assignee is a party shall be
abated by his death or removal from office, but the
same may be prosecuted and defended by his succes-
sor, or by the surviving or remaining assignee, as the
case may be. The assigneeshall have authority, under
the order and direction of the court, to redeem or dis-
charge any mortgage or conditional contract, or pledge
or deposit, or lien upon any property, real or personal,
whenever payable, and to tender due performance
of the condition thereof, or to sell the same, subject
to such mortgage, lien, or other incumbrances. The
debtor shall also, at the request of the assignee, and
at the expense of the estate, make and execute any
instruments, deeds, and writings which may be proper,
to enable the assignee to possess himself fullv of all
the assetsof the bankrupt. The assignee shall imme-
diately give notice of his appointment, by publication
at least once a week for three successive weeks, in
such newspapers as shall, for that purpose, be desig-
nated^ tnecourt, due regard beinghad to their gen-
eral cuculation in the disirict, and shall, within six
months, cause the assignment to him to be recorded
in every registry of deeds or other office within the
United States where a conveyance of any lands owned
by the bankruptoughtbylawtobe recorded: and the
record of such assignment, or a duly certified copy
thereof, shall be evidence thereof in all courts.
Mr. ROGERS. I move to amend ""by strik-
ing out in line twelve, page 17, the words
"within six months next preceding/' and in-
sert "any time after."
Mr. JENCKES. There are several amend-
ments to be proposed to this section, and as
they ought to be considered in -a full House,
I will let members give notice of them, and
then I shall move that the House adjourn.
Mr. SLOAN gave notice of the following
amendment:
In section fourteen, line fifteen, strike out all from
and including the words " the necessary household"
down to and including the words " of the said court"
in line twenty-nine, and insert in place thereof, "all
property, real, personal, and mixed, which is exempt
from attachment or seizure, and sale on execution by
the laws of the State in which the judicial district in
which such proceedings are pending is situate: Pro-
vided, That the foregoing exception shall operate as
a limitation upon the conveyance of the property of
the bankrupt to assignee, and in no case shall the
property hereby excepted pass to the assignee or the
title of the bankrupt thereto be impaired or affected
by any of the provisions of this act.
Mr. KASSON gave notice of the following
amendment:
Add to the section:
And provided further. That the real property which,
in any State and in accordance with the laws there-
of, shall, at the time of the act of bankruptcy, bo
owned and used by any bankrupt as his homestead,
exempt from execution in such State, shall be ex-
empted from seizure and disposition by the assignee,
and shall not bo embraced within the operation of
the law.
Mr. HALE gave notice of the following
amendment:
After "detention of," in line forty-two, insert " or
injury to."
Mr. JENCKES. I accept that amendment.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa, gave notice of
the following amendment:
Strike out all of line eleven after the word "and"
in said line and lines twelve ^and thirteen, up to and
including the word " proceedings," in line thirteen.
Mr. HOLMES. I move the following amend-
ment to section eleven:
After the word ''district" in line thirty-seven,
page 13, insert the following:
Or to one of the creditors of said bankrupt, to be
designated by said judge and residing in the same
county with said bankrupt, whose debt shall not be
less than $300.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to go
back unless by unanimous consent.
Mr. THAYER. I object,
And then, on motion of Mr. JENCKES, the
House (at four o'clock and fifteen minutes
p. m.) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 15, 1806.
Prayer by Rev. Byron Sunderland, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was x-ead and
approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a communication from the Secretary
of War, in answer to a resolution of the Senate
of the 13th instant, calling for the report of
Major Reynolds of the exploration of the Yel-
lowstone river, transmitting a letter from the
chief of the engineer department, from which
it appears that the report called for is not yet
completed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there
be no .objection, this communication will be
laid upon the table.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that it be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It merely
shows why the information cannot be sent.
Mr. MORRILL. Very well; I withdraw the
motion.
The communication was laid upon the table.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WADE presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Ohio, against the passage of any
law under which the General Government shall
assume the war debt of the several States, in-
curred in raising and paying bounties to volun-
teers; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a petition of
citizens of Michigan engaged in the manufac-
ture of agricultural implements, praying for a
reduction of the taxes on the sales of agricul-
tural implements $ which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the petition of
Lewis Tappan, praying that in all enactments
the colored people may be treated as white citi-
zens 5 which was referred to the joint committee
on reconstruction.
He also presented the petition of Seward 0*
Nelson, J. F. Brooks, and others, citizens of
De Witt county, Illinois, praying for such legis-
lation as will equalize the bounties paid to vol-
unteers ; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. NESMITH presented the petition of
ColonelA. J. Slemmer and other Armyofficers,
praying for increased compensation; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
Mr. HARRIS. A few days ago I obtained
leave to withdraw from the files of the Senate
the petition and other papers relating to the
claim for services during the revolutionary war
of the heirs of Joshua Chamberlain. I now de-
sire to represent the petition and papers accom-
panying it, and I move that they be referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WADE. I present the memorial of five
hundred colored soldiers of the fifty-sixth regi-
ment United States colored infantry, stationed
at Helena, Arkansas, in which they say:
"We the undersigned colored soldiers do respect-
fully petition your honorablo body in behalf of our-
selves and our colored brethren.
"We ask equality before the law, the same rights
and privileges accorded to white men. Believing that
without the safeguard of suffrage freedom will be of
little permanent benefit to our people. We ask your
honorable body not to admit the representatives of
our late masters until we shall be allowed a voice in
the elections.
"We do not ask social equality, for a higher law
than human must forever govern social relations.
Our peoplo are now making zealous efforts to educate
themselves, and if loyalty, wealth, industry, or intel-
ligence be made the test of suffrage, we are willingto
submit; but we beg that color be 110 longer permitted
to exclude us from the rights and privileges of other
men.
" In the name of four million people who have been
under all circumstances loyal to the Government, of
one hundred and eighty-six thousand loyal colored
soldiers who have served in the late war, of sixty-
eight thousand of our dead comrades, in the liume of
God, humanity, and justice, we implore you not to
surrender us again to the mercies of tho white peoplo
of the Southu"
I move that this memorial be referred to the
committee on reconstruction.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WADE also presented a memorial of the
"Friends' Association of Philadelphia for the
Aid and Elevation of the Freedmen," praying
that tho right of suffrage be conferred irrespect-
ive of race or color ; which was referred to the
joint committee on reconstruction.
Mr. SUMNER. I have 111 my hands a me-
morial and protest signed by George T. Down-
ing, Frederick Douglass, Lewis H. Douglass,
A. W. Ross, and others, being a delegation rep-
resenting the colored people of the several
States now sojourning in Washington. They
memorialize tho Senate of the United States
by way of protest against a proposed amend-
ment to the Constitution which is now pending
in this body. They set forth in their memorial
that being here in Washington and charged with
the duty of looking after tho best interests of
the recently emancipated, they most refpect-
fully but earnestly pray this honorable body to
favor 110 amendment to the Constitution of the
United States which will grant or allow any one
or all of the States of this Union to disfranchise
any class of citizens on the ground of race or
color for any consideration whatever. They
further respectfully represent that the Consti-
tution, as adopted by the fathers of the Repub-
lic in 1789, evidently contemplated the result
which has now happened, to wit, the abolition
of slavery. The men who framed it and those
who adopted it, framed and adopted it for the
people, and the whole people, colored men be-
ing at the time legal voters in most of the States.
In that instrument, as it now stands, there is
not a sentence nor a syllabic conveying any
