432
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 28,
39th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
as such commissioned officer, but by reason of
being killedin battle, captured by the enemy,
or other cause beyond his control, and without
fault or neglect of his own, was not mustered
within a period of not less than thirty days,
the pay department shall allow to such officer
ful) pay and emoluments of his rank from the
data on which such officer actually entered on
suck doty as aforesaid, deducting from the
amount paid in accordance with this resolu-
tion all pay actually received by such officer
for sueh period.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved. That the
heirs or legal representatives of any officer whose
muster into service has been or shall beamended
hereby, shall be entitled to receive the arrears
of pay due such officer or the pension provided
by law for the grade into which such officer is
mustered under the provisions of the first sec-
tion of this resolution.
Approved, July 26, 1866.
No. 90.—A Resolution to change the Place of
holding the Terms of the Circuit Court for
the District of West Virginia.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the terms of the cir-
cuit court for the district of West Virginia,
heretofore held at Lewisburg, in the county of
Greenbrier, shall be hereafter held at the city
of Parkersburg, at the time now fixed by law.
Approved, July 27, 1866.
No. 91.—A Resolution to provide for the Pub-
lication of the Official History of the Rebel-
lion.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the joint resolution
entitled "A resolution to provide for the print-
ing of official reports of the armies of the Uni-
ted States," approved May nineteen, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four, be, and the same is
hereby, repealed.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, That the
Secretary of War be, and he is hereby, author-
ized and required to appoint a competent per-
son to arrange and prepare for publication the
Official documents relating to the rebellion and
the operations of the Army of the United S rates,
who shall prepare a plan for said publication and
estimates of the cost thereof, to be submitted to
Congress at its next session.
Sec. 3. And be it further resolved, That the
person whose appointment is hereby author-
ized shall receive a compensation for his ser-
vices not to exceed two thousand five hundred
dollars per annum, to be paid monthly by the
Secretary by [of] the Treasury, out of any
moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated: Provided, That said compensation
shall not be paid for a longer period than two
years from and after the passage of this reso-
lution.
Approved, July 27, 1866.
No. 92.-—A Resolution for the temporary Relief
of the Sufferers by the late Fire in Portland,
in the State of Maine.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue is hereby authorized to sus-
pend the collection of such taxes as may have
been assessed, or as may have accrued prior
to the fifth day of July, eighteen hundred and
sixty-six, in the first collection district of the
State of Maine, against any person residing or
doing business and ownieg property in that
portion of the city of Portland recently de-
stroyed by fire, and who, in the opinion of said
Commissioner, has suffered material loss by
such fire: Provided, That such suspension
shall not be continued after the close of the
next session of Congress.
Approved, July 27, 1866.
No. 93.—Joint Resolution to enable the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to furnish to each State
one Set of the Standard Weights and Meas-
ures of the Mctric System.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives-of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to furnish to each State, to be delivered
to the Governor thereof, one setof thestandard
weights and measures of the metric system for
the use of the States respectively.
Approved, July 27, 1866.
No. 96.—Joint Resolution in relation to the
Use of the Soldiers' and Sailors' Orphan Fair
Building, in Washington.
Whereas the House has been informed that
certain peaceable and law-abiding citizens,
while assembled at and within the building re-
cently erected in this city for the benefit of
orphans of deceased soldiers and sailors of the
United States, situate on the corner of Seventh
street and Pennsylvania avenue, have been ille-
gally and improperly dispersed by the mayor
of this city, for the alleged reason that they be-
longed to a Fenian organization, and thus pre-
vented from exercising their rights and privi-
leges as citizens of the United States: There-
fore,
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That said citizens are
hereby authorized, whenever permitted so to
do by the Speaker of this House, or the Presi-
dent of the Senate, to use and to occupy said
building for the purpose of holding meetings
for any proper and lawful purpose, and partic-
ularly in reference to the liberation of Ireland.
Approved, July 28, 1866.
No. 97.—Joint Resolution for the Relief of
certain Chippewa, Ottawa, and Pottawato-
mie Indians.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to pay to the Chippewa, Ottawa, and
Pottawatomie Indians of Michigan, in pursu-
ance of an agreement and compromise made
with the Pottawatomie nation of Indians so
named and designated by the treaty of eighteen
hundred and forty-six, with the United States,
the sum of thirty-nine thousand dollars, in full
of all claims in favor of said Michigan Indians
either against the United States or said nation
of Indians, past, present, or future, arising out
of any treaty made with them or any band or
confederation thereof, and the annuity now paid
to them is to be restored, and paid to said
nation for the future. Said sum of thirty-nine
thousand dollars is to be paid out of funds of
said Indians, by the United States now held
in trust for said nation, drawing interest at the
rate of five per cent, which amount is hereby
appropriated, said payment to be made per
capita direct to heads of families, adults, and
guardians of minors, as is now required by law
in reference to annuities, by the proper agent
of the Gevernment.
Approved, July 28, 1866.
No. 98.—Joint Resolution authorizing a Con-
tract with Vinnie Ream for a Statue of Abra-
ham Lincoln.
Be it resolvedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he hereby is, authorized and
directed to contract with Miss Vinnie Ream for
a life-size model and a statue of the late Pres-
ident Abraham Lincoln, to be executed by her
at a price not exceeding ten thousand dollars;
one half payable on completion of the model
in plaster, and the remaining half on comple-
tion of the statue in marble to his acceptance.
Approved, July 28, 1866,
No. 99.—Joint Resolution to extend the Pro-
visions of the Act of July fourth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four, limiting the Juris-
diction of the Court of Claims to the loyal
Citizens of Tennessee.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the provisions of the
act of the fourth of July, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four, entitled "An act to limit the juris-
diction of the Court of Claims," is hereby ex-
tended to the loyal citizens of the State of
Tennessee.
Approved, July 28, 1866.
No. 100.—Joint Resolution authorizing the
Transmission through the Mails, free of
Postage, of certain Certificates, by the Ad-
jutant General of New Jersey.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the adjutant gen-
eral of New Jersey be authorized to transmit
through the mails, free of postage, certain cer-
tificates of thanks awarded by the Legislature
to the soldiers of that State, under such regu-
lations as the Postmaster General may direct.
Approved, July 28, 1866.
No. 101.—Joint Resolution authorizing the
Secretary of War to settle with the Terri-
tory of Colorado for the Militia of said Ter-
ritory employed in the Service of the Uni-
ted States in the years eighteen hundred
and sixty-four and eighteen hundred and
sixty-five.
Be it resolvedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
be authorized to settle with the proper author-
ities of the Territory of Colorado, for the ser-
vices of the first regiment of Colorado mounted
militia, called into the service of the United
States on the requisition of Colonel Thomas
Moonlight, in the year eighteen hundred and
sixty-five, and for the services of any other
militia forces of the said Territory which were
employed in the service of the United States
on the call of the Governor of the Territory in
the year eighteen hundred and sixty-four, al-
lowing in such settlement all amounts paid by
the Territory to the said troops for pay, use of
horses, clothing and other proper allowances
during the time when they were so actually in
service, and that he report the amount found
to be justly due to said Territory on such ac-
count to Congress in December next.
Approved, July 28, 1866.
No. 102.—Joint Resolution to prevent the fur-
ther Enforcement of the Joint Resolution,
(No. 77,) approved July 4, 1864. against
Officers and Soldiers of the United States,
who have been honorably discharged, so as
to relieve them from the further Payment
of the special five per cent Income Tax
imposed thereby.
Whereas by the joint resolution (No. 77) of
Congress, approved July fourth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-four, a special income tax of
five per cent on all incomes exceeding six
hundred dollars was directed to be assessed
and collected and was enforced generally upon
all citizens accessible to the revenue officers,
but was not enforced against all our soldiers
then in the field in the active service of the
country; and whereas since the surrender of
the insurrectionary armies, and the disband-
ing and return of the Federal soldiers to their
homes, said tax is being with manifest hard-
ship assessed and collected of them in many
parts of the country: Therefore,
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the Cnited States of America in
Congress assembled, That said special tax, so
imposed, shall not be further enforced against
officers or soldiers lately in the service of the
