3832
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
because its outlet, Vancouver's Island, is British
soil. This road is to run along our northern
boundary, and the Hudson's Bay Company is
just as much interested in its construction as
we are. These men have embarked in the
enterprise, have built a portion of the road;
and now what is the modest proposition made
to us at this period of the session ? They do
not surrender their land grant; they do not
propose to .take their road upon the same stip-
ulations, conditions, and limitations as the
Union Pacific railjoad, with Government di-
rectors and Government agents; but they
ask us now to appropriate, what? Nearly
twice as much in money as is granted to the
same length of line in the Union Pacific rail-
road. It astonishes me to see this propo-
sition made. The grant to the Union Pacific
railroad is $16,000 a mile; for a portion
of the road it is $32,000 a mile; and for
three hundred miles only it is $48,000 a mile.
That $48,000 a mile is only allowed for three
hundred miles in the mountains, where there
will be probably tunneling ; but for the great
body of the road the grant is only $16,000, or
$32,000 a mile. Now, what is proposed to be
given to this railroad which has already been
enriched by an enormous grant of lands? For
five hundred and twenty miles $98,900 a mile,
more than twice the amount per mile, and for
. nearly twice the number of miles granted to the
Union Pacific railroad. Again, for another
large portion of it, consisting of three hundred
and twenty miles, it is proposed to grant $57,-
000 a mile ; for six hundred and twenty miles,
$32,000 a mile; for three hundred and fifty
miles, $57,000 a mile, making more than twice
the rate granted to the Union Pacific ; and for
the distance over the prairie, where it is con-
fessed it can be easily built, the grant of guar-
antied stock amounts to $24,900 a mile, while
the allowance to the Union Pacific is only
$16,000 a mile ; so that it is proposed to grant
to this company at this session—a company that
was organized upon the express stipulation that
there should benomoneyaid—more than twice
as much per mile, on the average, as is granted
to the Union Pacific, in addition to twice the
quantity of land, and that to run a line along
our northern border, which Canadian and British
interests are likely to control. It seems to me
that ought to be sufficient to dispose of this
whole matter.
But there are other objections to this bill.
It introduces, for the first time, into our finan-
cial history, so far as I know, a guarantee
of the stock of a private railroad. This is a
private enterprise, controlled by private inter-
ests, managed by private directors, with no
stipulation except that three fourths of them
shall be citizens of the United States, and man-
aged for private interests. The Government of
the United States has no power over this road.
It has no directors or agents in the road. The
original bill did not contemplate that the Gov-
ernment should take any care or guardianship
of its financial interests; the only protection it
had was that the land grant was only to be as
they proceeded with the road; it contemplated
no grant _of money; and now it is proposed,
without giving the "Government any power over
the road, any Government directors or any
agents connected with the road, to give this
company this enormous grant of money and to
introduce into our system of finance a new
guarantee. It does seem to me that we have
got enough financial securities in the market
now; we have got some twenty or thirty dif-
ferent kinds; but here is a proposition to guar-
anty the interest on the stock of a private
company over which we have no control what-
ever, and that to these enormous amounts.
My honorable friend says that this guarantee
does not amount to anything, because the com-
pany will pay the interest itself. It is not
bound to pay a dollar of it until the road is
completed. By the very stipulations of this
bill they have ten years to complete this road,
and, if necessary, we know how easy it will be to
get an extension of the time ; but they are not
bound to pay back one dollar of this interest
until the road is completed. Here we may be
going on paying interest on this stock guaran-
tied by us„ over which we have no Control, for
ten years, without any stipulation by them to
repay it; and when they repay it, do they give
us back interest on our interest? Not at all;
they only give us back the principal sum that
we have paid. The idea that this railroad com-
pany will step forward at any period within
twenty years and assume the payment of this
interest is preposterous, it is idle.
Sir, if this grant is made this railroad will be
built, and it will be the first built in this coun-
try. The guarantee of stock will more than
build this railroad. I would pledge all I am
worth in this world that I could take this guar-
antee and with two thirds of the amount thus
given to the company build the road, if we can
believe one half what is said by the surveyors.
They admit themselves that two thirds of the
distance is over a level plain, over a rich coun-
try, with more timber and coal and with more
facilities to build a railroad than on the Uiiion
Pacific line ; and that on account of the break
in the spurs of the mountains the difficulties
there are not so great. I say with this amount
of money, reduced to the gold standard—and
we must expect before these ten years go round
to come back to a gold standard or all break
up—with this amount in gold, two thirds of it,
the road will be built, Before the war broke
out railroads in Iowa and in my State were
built at from sixteen thousand to twenty-five
thousand dollars a mile, and in Illinois they
were built for less than that. Many of the roads
on the western plains were actually equipped,
completed, and run for $20,000 a mile. In
this bill the guarantee of stock for the easiest
portion of the road, where the country is level,
is $2-1,900, and in the most expensive portion,
for the distance of six hundred miles, $98,900;
ar -cost greater than the cost of many of the
Pennsylvania roads where they must creep
along the spurs of the mountains all the way.
Now, sir, I say it is unwise legislation for us
to attempt to pass this bill at this stage of the
session, or indeed at any other stage. We
have already involved the credit of the Gov-
ernment in the construction of one Pacific rail-
road, and our bonds are being issued daily for
that purpose. I believe, myself, that this rail-
road can and will, be built upon the land grant.
I do not think the gentlemen interested in this
road ought to come here and ask us to grant
money to aid in the construction of this road.
It is a violation of the stipulations upon which
the grant was made to them, and it is neither
reasonable nor right that they should seek to
vary the contract. When they talk to us
about giving security for the repayment of this
money, pray what security is it? To give us a
mortgage upon one half of our own lands; to
give us a mortgage on the excess of that which
they got over the other grant to the Union
Pacific railroad. How idle and ridiculous!
And then there is no power in the United
States to compel this company to sell this land.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator certainly can-
not be ignorant of the fact that both the charter
and the bill now under consideration contain a
clause authorizing Congress at any time to alter,
amend, or repeal the respective acts at any
moment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know that; but does not
the Senator know very well that when we have
made a bargain a sense of honor and good faith
always prevents us from availing ourselves of
that right, except to prevent some great wrong?
If the company simply goes on and pursues its
part of this stipulation, the company need never
fear that Congress will violate its contract. I
say that the contract itself is improvident in its
terms, giving to this company a subsidy of an
unreasonable amount.
Mr. McDOUGALL. If the Senator will
allow me, I wish to make a single remark. I
wish to observe that the Government does not
make contracts in these matters; they make
grants; and if a grant is not sufficient for the
object, they may give an additional grant. It
is not in the nature of a contract between man
and man. That is the difference between the
two propositions.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no doubt that this
is a grant; and it is beeauscitisa most excess-
ive and unreasonable grant, as I think, that I
oppose it.
There is another consideration. I said before
that the line' of this road is along the British
possessions. The British Government is now
endeavoring to divert the whole transit across
this continent on to what is called the Grand
Trunk railroad and the lines through Canada
West. I see in a recent publication a state-
ment that they have already contemplated—and
perhaps have made surveys—the construction
of a railroad as far as the Lake of the Woods,
where they propose to connect with this North-
ern Pacific railroad; and it was an absolute fact
that British capitalists had at one time the con-
trol of this enormous grant of our land twenty
miles wide through the whole northern bound-
ary. What is there in this bill to prevent these
Canadian interests, controlling a large amount
of money, from buying up the guarantied stock
of the United States issued to this road, guar-
antying an interest of six per cent. ? What is
there to prevent British capitalists from enter-
ing into the market and buying up thig stock
and thus controlling and owning not only a
strip of laud twenty miles wide through our
whole country, but tho franchise which com-
pels the' Government of the United States to
pay an annuity to them of over six million dol-
lars, and with that money to build a road to
promote Canadian interests? Why, sir, they
will do it as sure as this bill shall become a
law.' Puget sound is their natural terminus.
That is not the natural terminus of our Pacific
coast trade. Portland is the capital of Oregon,
and the mouth of the Columbia river is the
place where the interests about Oregon con-
centrate. In California they concentrate at
San Francisco. Now, it is proposed by this
enormous grant to build up a new rival interest
on the western slope in the British possessions
at Vancouver's Island where they may control
the trade of the world, where they may seek
to divert from California and Oregon this mag-
nificent trade, gather it into a British port,
taking it over a British road, subsidized by
the national Government, to Montreal and the
mouth of the St. Lawrence. Is that the pur-
pose for which we should legislate now? I say
it is not. In every sense in which T can look
at this bill I think it is an improvident meas-
ure. I trust the Senate will recommit it or let
it go over until next winter. No great harm
can be done by the postponement; and I think
that after this session we shall never hear of
this bill in this form again.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, there
is no rivalry between the port of San Fran-
cisco and a line of road from the central part
of the Union to the bay of San Francisco, and
a northern line to Puget sound. There would
bo no rivalry as between them and a line of
road down on our southern lines. The termi-
nus of the line of road now proposed will bo
eight hundred miles north of the terminus of
the Union Pacific road. It was my opportu-
nity fourteen years ago to present the first bill
in the House of Representatives for a Pacific
railroad. Before that time I had studied the
subject with great care, and had gone over
three lines of this continent somewhat with
reference to that same enterprise. The bill
introduced and reported by the committee in
the House of Representatives involved three
lines, this northern line, the central line, and
a southern line. It was thought that the inter-
ests of the Republic—not merely commercial
interests, but great political interests—were
involved in all those communications. It was
thought that economy on the part of the Gov-
ernment was involved in them. I think I then
demonstrated clearly that economy on the part
of the Government was involved in the construc-
tion of them all on the terms then" proposed.
I came into the House of Representatives on
purpose to urge that railroad communication;
and I came to this Senate of the United States'
