2872
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
to the sea-board. We had almost a little war
there at Erie about the connection of two rail-
roads, until finally, I think, somebody in Penn-
sylvania was either bought off or coaxed off and
a connection was made which enabled us to pass
along the lake shore to the State of New York.
Recently an effort has been successful in the
courts of Pennsylvania to prevent a corpora-
tion from building a new lineof railway through
that State, and now the great corporation of
Pennsylvania to which I refer is engaged in
preventing a connection between Washington
city, the capital of the country, and the great
West. A line of railroad was chartered atone
time from Pittsburg through Connellsville to
the Baltimore and Ohio railroad, which would
shorten the distance between this city and
Pittsburg for every one traveling to the West
perhaps one hundred miles, or it may be less
than that; but this corporation lies in the way
of this improvement and prevents its con-
struction.
Now, I believe there is power in this Gov-
ernment somewhere, under the authority to
regulate commerce, or the authority to regu-
late the postal service, or in some of the great
powers conferred upon Congress, to prevent a
State from lying thus in the way of the com-
merce of this country. It is manifest that this
bill in its present shape, which requires the
consent of the State*to the construction of anv
work through that State, utterly defeats the
object of the framers of the bill. It will be
ineffective; it will only deceive the public ; it
will only deceive the friends of the bill. I' do
not see, therefore, any object in passing it. If,
however, the friends of the bill think there is
any virtue in it, I am still willing to vote with
them for it; but I cannot myself see any, be-
cause the amendment that has been adopted
requiring the consent of the State to any au-
thority exercised within the limits of the State,
by any railroad company, destroys any viitue
there is in the bill.
Mr. CLARK. My amendment does not go
that length. It? simply provides that a new
road or new connection shall not be built with-
out the consent of the State.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then the object which I
have in view and which the people of Ohio
have in view in supporting this bill is confess-
edly defeated; that is, there is no way to aid
any corporation or any individual in opening
new channels of intercourse from the West to
the Bast.
Mr. GRIMES. Do I understand the Senator
to say that he wants Congress to confer on
corporations the power to build railroads?
Mr. SHERMAN. If I had my way I would
organize a corporation under an act of Con-
tress to build a line of railway in the most
irect possible manner from the city of Wash-
ington tofte city of New York, and from the
city of Washington to the West, and as many
of them as are necessary for military purposes.
Mr. GRIMES. If my opinion was that it
would be to the advantage of the public and
my own individual advantage to build a road
m the State of Ohio within ten miles of and
parallel with the Pittsburg, Fort Wayne, and
Chicago railroad, ought the Government to do
it? Where is the line to be drawn between the
case the Senator puts and the one I put?
Mr. SHERMAN. The Government of the
plied with one or more railroads, checkering
the State all over. It is true some of the in-
vestments are very poor; but still we have the
railroads, and they are of vast public scrvicc ;
but when they come to our eastern border we
are there met by three great corporations, each
of them of mammoth proportions, that refuse
to let the products of the West go to a cheap
market in the East without some unreasonable
restriction. Take the case of the Pennsylvania
Central railraad, the corporation to which I
have already alluded. There are three lines
of railroads concentrating at Pittsburg, running
through the State of Ohio, one from Cleveland,
one from Chicago, one from Cincinnati, and a
great number offeedersrunninginto these three
roads. In this way the travel and the produce
of any part of Ohio can readily reach Pitts-
burg; but how is the vast produce concen-
trated at this one important point to get from
Pittsburg to Philadelphia, or any other mar-
ket ? Only over the Pennsylvania Central rail-
road ; there is no other way for the vast com-
merce of the great West concentrated there to
reach the eastern market; and that company
has now an annual income of $17,000,000.
They compel the products of every portion of
the West which reach Pittsburg to go over their
road ; and they will not allow anybody else to
build a railroad running from Pittsburg north-
wardly to get to New York or southwardly to
get to Baltimore. They control, in a great
measure, the legislation of Pennsylvania, and
they lie right in the path of the commerce of
this country.
It seems to me that since we have exercised
some pretty strong powers, the time has arrived
w-hen, if we can, we should find in the Consti-
tution some power to redress this evil. Every
portion.of this country labors under the evils
growing out of this system. In New England
they have to pay higher prices for the produce
they consume. In New York they are crip-
pled also, because the city of New York lies
in a little peninsula stretching down south of
the great body of the State of New York, and
the recent action of this company in the State
of Pennsylvania, has prevented the construc-
tion of a new line of railway along the north-
ern border^ of the State of Pennsylvania to
reach the city of New York. The city of Bal-
timore is out off from connection with us, and
with the western portion of the State of Penn-
sylvania ; and this corporation compels the
Baltimore and Ohio railroad to creep down
along and over the most difficult mountains in
the United States to reach Wheeling and the
southern part of the State of Ohio, while it has
United States would only be justified in build-
ing railroads or exercising extraordinary au-
thority under the military and postal powers in
cases where it was manifest that the States pre-
vented .the building of railroads. In the State
or Ohio the case put by the Senator occurs.
Anywhere within that State any five men may
buJid ^,™°Adrlf they will risk the investment.
buy the right of way.
, Mr. SHERMAN. No; we give them power
to condemn if necessaty, and we do not restrain
them except by their own self-interest; and
what has been the result? In the State of
Ohio v/e have a network of railways running in
all directions through that State, many paral-
lel to each other. I do not think there is a
county m the State of Ohio that is not now sup-
been considered, I believe, for more than „
hundred years, since the time of Washington,
that the natural outlet for the commerce of the
West to the East is through thegap of mount-
ains from Pittsburg to Cumberland. That was
the route that was traveled by Washington in
his early adventures to the West. It was the
great line of travel long before any one of
these railroads was made; it was the line of
the old Pennsylvania wagons; it was the line
of the old Cumberland road which I traveled
in a stage and crossed the mountains before
this railroad was built. And yet that line
pointed out by nature is blocked up by a cor-
poration.
It seems to me that if there is any power in
the Government to prevent this, it ought to be
exercised. I do not think the passage of this
bill will do any good now, because it has been
so cut upand if, as my friend from Maine
?as urged in his argument, there is no power
m the General Government to control or regu-
late the building of a railroad within a State,
as a matter of course we shall have to submit
to it until the people of the great State of
Pennsylvania rise up in rebellion against the
authority of this corporation.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, I think the
apprehensions of the honorable Senator from
Omo in regard to the action of Pennsylvania
id this behalf are entirely unfounded. It is
true that she has one great railroad, and has
been very careful of it and very liberal toward
it, and would be very unwilling to bring it in
competition with another before the proper
time; but when the time comes that the trade
and travel of the country demand another out-
let, it will be made and be made promptly.
I am opposed to this bill. Mr. President,
because 1 think it is clearly a usurpation of
| power on the part of the General Government
which it does not possess. If we can enlarge
the chartered powers of a railroad lying within
a State, we can diminish those powers. If we
have any power over them whatever, we have
all; or, at least, I know nowhere where there
is to be found any limit. But there is a mis-
chief, and a mischief which existed at the
framing of the Constitution, and which was
provided for, not affirmatively, by clothing this
Government with the power to charter rail-
roads,_ but in a negative way. What is the
mischief alleged here ? It is that certain States
1 evy taxes to put into their State treasury through
the medium of their railroads, and they levy
these taxes upon the inter-State travel and tra^e.
That is the mischief, as I understand, which is
complained of. I am not certain that the mis-
chief has risen to that height which would ren-
der it proper that we should interfere, but I am
rather inclined to think that I would vote for
a bill which would prevent a State from com-
mitting that mischief.
Under the original Articles of Confederation
the citizens of all the States were only in the
several States to be subjected to such burdens,
themselves and their trade and travel, as the
citizens of the State within which they were at
the time were subjected to. That was foundi
to be mischievous, because the citizens of a
State lying, as Pennsylvania does, across the
line of principal travel from the East to the
West, or lying, as the State of Maryland or the
State of New Jersey does, between the north-
ern and southern travel, might well afford to
pay this tax, provided all the strangers whQ
passed through their State were obliged to pay
it too ; and 1 think it was the defective nature
of that provision which gave rise to the present
power of the Constitution given to the General
Government to regulate commerce. But cer-
tainly that power does not extend so far as to
enable Congress, in despite of the States and
against their will, to make ways of commerce.
However much it might operate upon common
carriers and upon the right of the States to
impose improper burdens upon trade aiid travel,
it cannot extend to the chartered powers of
turnpike and railway companies, because to say
that it does is to say that the whole is vested
in us and, Mr. President, I know of no greater
mischief that,could happen this country than
to bring all the railroad companies in the coun-
try here to have their charters either enlarged
or diminished. I do not know anything which
would be more likely to undermine the virtue
of Congress and sap the very foundations of
our institutions than to bring all the capital
of the country here to buy special privileges
from us and combine together to get them.
Mr. HOWE. I know of one thing that
would be, in my judgment, a little more inju-
rious than that. _ That might hurt, but not so
bad, I think, as it would hurt to concede the
power to any one State of this Union to act-
ually prohibit commerce from passing through
its limits from one State to another. The
power which the opponents of this bill concede
to the State of New Jersey is a power to throw
a gate across one or two or all of its highways,
and to say that commerce between the States
on either side of it shall not pass over those
highways. If New Jersey has that power, Ohio
has it, and Ohio may at the very next session
of her Legislature, or her railway companies
themselves may, if they .see fit to do it m the
interests of Ohio agriculture, stop every pound
of freight from passing through that State, or
may levy a toll upon it, in the interest of her
production, which would be ruinous to the ag-
riculture of the country. Ohio can at the very
next^ session of her Legislature impose such
restrictions upon the railways of that State as
would inevitably not only starve the East to
