1912
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
type-setter is not more perfect in its opera-
tions. But the rules are more even than a
beautiful machine; they are the very temple of
constitutional liberty. In this temple our de-
garted friend served to the end with pious care.
[is associates, as they recall his stately form,
gilvered by time but beaming with goodness,
will not cease to cherish the memory of this
service. His image will rise before them as the
faithful presiding officer by whom the dignity
of the Senate was maintained, its business was
advanced, and Parliamentary Law was upheld.
He had always looked with delight upon this
Capitol—one of the most remarkable edifices
of the world—beautiful in itself, but more beau-
tiful still as the emblem of that national unity
which he loved so well. He enjoyed its en-
largement and improvement. He watched with
pride its marble columns as they moved into
place, and its dome as it ascended to the skies.
Even the trials of the war did not make him
forget it. His care secured those appropria-
tions by#which the work was carried to its
close, and the statue of Liberty was installed
on its sublime pedestal. It was natural that,
in his last moments, as life was failing fast, he
should long to rest his eyes upon an object
which was to him so dear. The early light of
morning had come, and he was lifted in his
bed that he might once more behold this Cap-
itol with mortal sight; but there was another
capitol which already began to fill his vision,
fairer than your marble columns, sublimer than
your dome, where Liberty without any statue is
glorified in that service which is perfect Free-
dom.
Mr. POMEROY. Mr. President, I bring to
the offerings of this occasion a grateful mem-
ory of the services rendered a straggling people
in a distant Territory by the late Senator Foot,
of Vermont.
Generous efforts made at a crisis in one's
history can never be forgotten ; and when such
offerings are unsought and ^rewarded they
deserve honorable mention.
I remember to have looked in upon the Sen-
ate of the United States when the affairs of the
Territory of which. I was a resident-engaged
the attention of Congress and the country.
Tiie period to which I refer was the 9th day
of August, 1856. A few only of the distin-
guished members of the present session were
then in this body. It was in the old Senate
Chamber, and the leaders in the debate on that
day are now and have been for some years
away from us. On the day previous the pres-
ent Presiding Officer of this body had made for
Kansas a most earnest, faithful, and eloquent
speech. And I shall never forget the hour
which the late Senator from Vermont devoted
to pleading the cause of our struggling people.
1 am sorry that speech has not been pre-
served. The Congressional Globe of that date
says, "The speech will appear in the Appen-
dix." I have searched the Appendix in vain,
and I think it is not there. The only record
of that memorable speech that I can find is
contained in the National Intelligencer of the
lltli of August, 1856, as follows:
[editorial.]
"Mr. Foot rose to address the Senate, for the first
time, we believe, upon the Kansas troubles, which,
sii'ted and discussed as that subject has been for
months—and exhausted, were it possible—derived
fresh^interest from the ability, eloquence, and im-
pressiveness with which it was treated by the honor-
able Senator from Vermont.
"This luminous effort we hope to lay before our
readers at an early day."—Inteltigcnc.r, Augu ?i 11,18o(3.
This is most invaluable testimony, as it comes
from a source which did not then or now sym-
pathize with the cause which was so ably vin-
dicated.
I remember well the eloquent and stirring
appeal he made in our behalf. He demanded
for us the rights of freemen under the Consti-
tution, of free homesteads, free ballots, and a
freeState. Noble words! and "fitly spoken."
They made an impression upon my own mind
as indelible as the teaching of my boyhood,
and I shall forget them only when I cease to
remember any of the events of this life; and
not to recognize services rendered at such a
crisis would be ingratitude which could not be
pardoned; and far away beyond the valleys of
is a household word. In the name of that
people who cherish the memories of their bene-
factors with undying gratitude, I bring to-day
this humble tribute of grateful acknowledg-
ments. While others lay costlier and more
imposing offerings upon his burial place, I will
content myself by planting but a single shrub.
It shall be an evergreen, for it is the unfading
tribute of gratitude. "He opened his mouth
for the dumb," and did not shut his ear to the
ery of the poor; "and the cause that he knew
not, he searched out."
Such efforts, nobly rendered, shall not be
forgotten, for the people whom he vindicated
were not his people. They were separated
from him by the breadth of half the continent.
But the cause which he plead was the cause of
freedom, the cause of his countrymen ; ay, the
causc of mankind. For when one member suf-
fers all suffer; when one is degraded all are
dishonored.
" Whatever link you strike"
in the great chain .which binds the human
family to each other and to God,
"Tenth, or ten thousandth,
You break the chain alike."
Mr. President, the departed Senator is not
dead. No man who has nobly lived can ever
wholly die. The deeds of good men live after
them. Their memory is undying, and their
influence is reflected by those who live after
them. And it lives on in endless circles, widen-
ing and deepening forever and forever more.
Good men are reproduced in each generation,
and their lives are as immortal as truth, virtue,
and God.
Sir, amidst the green hills and budding for-
ests of the early spring-time the Senator sleeps,
beloved and honored, and embalmed ever in
the affections of his devoted home circle of
friends. But, sir, far away, across the wide
continent even, there are those who will hold
him in perpetual and grateful remembrance;
and year by year, as the seasons came and go,
will a generous people, with offerings of grati-
tude, consecrate their little children by giving
them at the altar of their baptism the honored
name of the Senator who vindicated their rights
and secured them their liberties.
But from this burial scene we must tear our-
selves away, for life has its duties as well as
death its lessons. We should not yield to sor-
row, for life, and death, even, have their hopes.
" For if a man die, he shall live again." " When
the heavens are no more he shall awake and
be raised out of his sleep.''
"Life is struggle, combat, victory;
Wherefore have I slumbered on
. With our forces all unmarshaled,
With ray weapons all undrawn?
" Oh what a glorious record
Had the angels of me kept,
If I'd done instead of doubted,
Had I warred instead of wept.
"Build thy great acts high and higher,
Build them on the conquered sod
Where thy weakness first fell bleeding,
Where thy first prayer rose to God."
Mr. CRAGIN. Mr. President, love for my
native State, sympathy with her people in their
double affliction, and great respect for the char-
acter of her departed Senators, prompt me
to utter a few words oh this solemn occasion.
Few members of the Senate have known Solo-
mon Foot longer than I have. Running back
into the years of my boyhood is the memory
of this able, pure, and accomplished man.
More than thirty years ago I looked with pride
and admiration upon his noble and maniy form
and eagerly listened to his eloquent words. It
was my fortune to have been born and reared
within thirty miles of where both the late Sen-
ators of Vermont long resided, and I can truly
say that my political faith was in part derived
from their teachings. Judge Collamer resided in
my native county,and my first vote for member of
Congress was given for him. Only a few weeks
ago the death of that great and good man was
fittingly announced in this Chamber by his dis-
tinguished colleague whose departure we now
deplore. What we do for the dead must, soon
be done for us. In his concluding remarks on
that occasion he seems to have had a presenti-
ment that his own remaining days upon the
earth would be few. He said:
"Mr. President, he whose death we now laments
gone, to bo with us no more'. Mis work on carta is
done; he strikes a golden harp among the seraphim
on high. His prcccpts and his example are left to us
for our instruction and our profit. Happy, indeed,
will it be if we shall so profit by them that we shall
be ready, as he was ready, for the final summons in
that hour which is coming to us all, and to some of
us not far off, when this world and its worthlessness
shall fade from our sinking vision."
These solemn words may now be spoken of
him who first uttered them, and again to us.
Surely, this life is short, very short. Man is
here to-day and gone to-morrow! He is as the
transient grass; "in the morning it springeth
up and flourisheth; in the evening it is cut
down and wit.herefh." The great highway of
life is thronged; some are constantly falling in
the race, and others are coming to take their
places; and the world moves on as before,
passing, generation after generation, into the
awful shadow which no eye except that of faith
can penetrate.
It is not my purpose to speak of the public
career of our lamented friend, but simply to
draw attention to his general character, and
the example of his life. His social, moral,
and mental qualifications were well adapted
for use, and also for show. Of fine, command-
ing personal appearance, he always bore him-
self with great urbanity and dignity of manner.
He was one of nature's noblemen. His feat-
ures, his proportions, his manners, his mind,
all indicated a man. God set the seal of great-
ness upon his brow, and planted within the
elements of goodness and loving kindness.
His was a heart of honor, and a tongue of
truth. He was strong in his convictions, and
bold in their utterance. He was a firm advo-
cate for freedom and human rights, and a most
devoted lover of the Republic. lie was one
of the most perfect models of integrity and
propriety that I ever knew. Honor, with him,
was a cardinal virtue, and he had a most
perfect taste for forms and ceremonies. He
abhorred meanness, scorned duplicity, and
despised trickery.
In his case there was no poverty of soul.
He always looked and acted the perfect man.
The mantle of truth, which is the garment of
beauty and exalted manhood, he always wore.
He was a sound, practical, and learned man.
Twenty-five years ago he was a fluent and
captivating speaker; but even then his can-
dor, truthfulness, and facts, were the great
elements which carried convictions. He was
never to my knowledge a great talker. Ho
spoke only when he had something to say, and
he never failed to have listeners. Like his
colleague, Judge Collamer, he had great eon-
tempt for wordy pretenders; and he did not
think it the highest attainment of a statesman
or a scholar to be able to marshal words into
high-sounding sentences, with the superlatives
in front.
_ His example to the aspiring young men of
his State and country was of inestimable value.
He taught them lessons of temperance, truth-
fulness, honor, and all the social and moral
virtues of noble manhood. He carried his
morality and honor into politics, and by his
teachings and example convinced the young
men that honesty and straightforward manli-
ness is the best policy in every relation in life.
He did not believe in that miserable heresy,
that everything is fair in politics, and that the
scramble for office is a game that justifies
unfair means and falsehood. In this he and
Judge Collamer were much alike. The result
of such examples and such teachings is that
Vermont has the purest political atmosphere
of any State in the Union. I consider this
no small compliment to my native State ; and I
claim it as a great honor to her public men.
