1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2873
death, but would suffocate the West, would
just block up the product of the Northwest
where it is raised, and would leave the East,
where it is consumed, without it, and I think
that would be a little more injurious than the
corruption which would follow from assuming
the simple jurisdiction that is asked for here,
which is no more in the world than just to say,
by the authority of the nation in the interests
of commerce, that these bars put up by the
State of New Jersey over one of its highways
shall be let down. That is all. It is not to
build any railway nor to add any new privi-
leges nor make any new corporation.
Mr. COWAN. There is power to correct
the evil of which the honorable Senator com-
plains, to a great extent, but this bill does not
correct it. This bill does not prevent the
States from levying taxes upon the trade and
travel of other States. It steps aside, away
from the mischief, and undertakes simply to
say to all roads, " Your power shallbe enlarged
so as to enable you to do things which you are
not authorized to do by the terms of your
original creation." It does not forbid the
State of New Jersey from levying taxes to go
into her State treasury through the medium
of the Camden and Amboy railroad. It does
not prevent the State of Pennsylvania from
requiring a foreign corporation to pay so much
annually for leave to go through the State. It
does notforbidtheBaltimoreand Ohio railroad
from levying a tax upon its passengers to go
into the coffers of Maryland. It leaves the
mischief untouched ; but it attempts, in viola-
tion, I think, of all State authority and all State
right, and without any reason, to enlarge the
charter of the Delaware and Raritan Bay Kail-
road Company through New Jersey, because
that is the point of it; and it^is upon that
charter that it is to operate.
But, Mr. President, there is another thing
to be taken into the account. Who has suf-
fered from this " monoply" in New Jersey,
pray? Nobody. The people of the world
never before traveled as comfortably, as
rapidly, and with the same certainty as they
do now across New Jersey upon the Camden
and Amboy road. It is a good road, and
flourishing, and ought to be, and New Jersey
ought to be proud of it. She has fostered it
and given it privileges which she has refused
to other companies, and it is owing to that
very fact, perhaps, thatshe has itto-day. Now,
other companies want to enjoy the fruits of its
prosperity and success; and because New
Jersey refuses to allow them to do so, in
violation of her own compact with her own
company, her own creation, we are appealed
to to do it. It is not to remove the actual mis-
chief, the mischief which exists as against the
Constitution, and which has not been felt, and j
as against which I believe nobody has as j'et
sought relief, but it is to confer special power
not granted by New Jersey upon one of her
own corporations.
With regard to Pennsylvania, who has found
difficulty in coming across the Alleghanies by
the Pennsylvania Central road ? There ishardly
upon this continent or upon any other such a
road as that; a road upon which a man can
travel with the same speed, the same certainty,
and at less cost. What might be if there were
more of them, and what might be if they were
upon more direct lines, is another thing. But,
Mr. President, it requires an enormous amount
of capital to build a railroad through the memt-
ains, much more than it does over the almost
level plains of Ohio. Pennsylvania does not
feel herself warranted in creating companies
with a large amount of capital to embark in
enterprises until she is satisfied herself that
they will pay; and the moment that is done,
new avenues will bo opened; but certainly no
one can complain now of the want of avenues
to pass through Pennsylvania in any direction
almost. As I said before, they may not be
direct; 1 may not be able to get home as di-
rectly as I could by an air lino; but I know
very well that T get home in the same time now
that it would formerly take me to go from where
J. live to Pittsburg, a distance of about thirty
miles, or nearly so. When we take all these
things into the account, I think there is no
reason that we should complain, either of the
monopoly of railroad companies or of the ex-
clusive claim on the part of the States to con-
trol the corporations within their limits. All
that could have been asked of a State in the
first place was to say to the people, "You may
travel over the State and you shall travel over
the State free from any burden whatever, ex-
cept perhaps for police or sanitary purposes,
but we will impose no burden on you which
will put taxes in the State treasury." That
was the most that anybody could ask, not that
the General Government should enter a State
and should parcel out franchises which belong
to it as a part of its reserved rights and give
them to corporations after the fashion contem-
plated by this bill.
Mr. President, I have had no apprehensions
that this measure could pass, and have there-
fore sat silently by during the debate; but I
beg leave to say, that if this measure is to pass
the Senate, it is, even among the important
fneasures which come before this body, the
most important by far which has claimed our
attention during this session, and will be fraught
in the future with results that no man can cal-
culate now. I hope that we shall all pause
before we adventure ourselves upon an errand
of this kind.
Mr. SUMNER. I agree with the Senator
from Pennsylvania that the measure before us
is an important measure. Whether it is so
transcendently important as he depicts I do
not venture to say. But, sir, I believe it is a
beneficent measure, and it is important from
its very beneficence. The bill as originally
presented was complete and simple. I think
that met the idea which has been so ably pre-
sented by the Senator from Ohio. Were the
bill adopted in that form it would be truly
beneficent; It would prevent any State from
becoming a turnpike gate to the internal com-
merce of the country. No State, I insist, has
a right to take toll on the internal commerce
of this great Republic, and it belongs to the
United States, under the Constitution, to regu-
late that internal commerce. It was in the
exercise of that power, under the Constitution,
and also of other powers, as, for instance, the
power to regulate the post office, and also the
military power, that this bill was conceived.
I say, sir, in every respect it is a beneficent
measure. It has been to-day ably and conclu-
sively vindicated by the Senator from Ohio.
On other occasions I have at length considered
it. I feel now that there is no occasion for any
further elaborate discussion. I regret, sir,
with the Senator from Ohio, that the amend-
ment of the Senator from New Hampshire has
been fastened upon it. I wish it were in our
power now to get that amendment off and re-
store the bill to its original force and virtue.
But even with that amendment, allow mo to
say, the bill is better than nothing. It does
something. It goes forth and does battle with
that monopoly in at least one State of the
Union which was in view when the bill was first
presented. It is also a precedent for the future
action of Congress, and it will open the way to
all that the Senator from Ohio so earnestly
desires. I shall be glad hereafter to act with
him in carrying out the original purposes of
this bill, so that no State shall be able to sot
itself up in the way of the internal commerce
of the country. But considering that the
amendment has already been made, that it has
been attached to the bill, that we have now
passed the stage when it would be advisabloto
open the discussion of that amendment again,
I hope that the Senate will proceed to the final
passage of the bill. I have said that though
shorn of much of its virtue it is better than
nothing; it will do much good. It is even in
its present form essentially a beneficent meas-
ure. Therefore I hope that it will be adopted.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, it is the right
of every State to construct its own system of
internal improvements. It is also the duty of
Congress to regulate commerce among the
several States; and if one State intervening
between two other States stops the commerce
between those two other States, the Congress
of the United States has the power to open it
through the obstructing State. That, I think,
is a plain principle; but the power of Congress
in relation to internal improvements in an
obstructing State so as to open commerce be-
tween two other States adjoining the obstruct-
ing State is a concurrent power with the power
of the State obstructing over its own system
of internal improvements. Here is the State
of New Jersey. It has a system of internal
improvements for itself. Those improvements
may be used, and have long been used, for the
purpose of facilitating trade between States, it
lying between them. The question is this: has
Congress the right, under the power to regulate
commerce, to enter into the State of New Jer-
sey and seize upon all the system of internal
improvements which that State has constructed
for the purpose of facilitating trade and inter-
course, and to regulate the system itself? I
say Congress has no such power as that; but
at the same time neither the State of Pennsyl-
vania, nor the State of New Jersey, nor any
other State has the power to obstruct com-
merce among other States, those States lying
between those other States.
What, then, is the extent of the legitimate
power to regulate commerce as between those
other States and the State of New Jersey or
Pennsylvania intervening between the other
States? It is simply this: if such obstructions
be interposed Congress has the power to open
up its own system of internal improvements
for the purpose of carrying on trade among the
several States. Suppose New Jersey by her
legislation was to adopt a system of laws that
would interdict the States west and east of her
from the use of her system of internal improve-
ments for the purpose of commerce among
the several States. She might, and I think
would, have the power to do so; but that, at
the same time, would not leave the difficulty
without a remedy. Congress, under its power
to regulate commerce among the several States,
would have the right to go into the State of
New Jersey, or the State of Pennsylvania, or
any other State, and construct works of inter-
nal improvement necessary to facilitate and to
continue the commerce among the different
States of the United States.
1 think that gentlemen confound the matter.
Here is a separate concurrent power on the
part of the State of New Jersey and on the part
of Congress. New Jersey has the right and
the power to establish her own system of inter-
nal improvements. She has the right to con-
struct her canals and her railroads. Those
canals and railroads may be useful, and may
facilitate the commerce between the West and
the States east of New Jersey; but because
they may be appropriate to such purposes that
docs not vest Congress with the power, nor has
Congress the authority under the power to reg-
ulate commerce among the several States, to
enter into the State of New Jersey and take
possession of and regulate, according to the
will and the legislation of Congress, the whole
system of internal improvements of the Stato
of New Jersey.
If New Jersey will persist in throwing un-
reasonable obstructions in the way of (he trade
of the States east and west of her. the appro-
priate and constitutional remedy which Con-
gress may employ is to itself establish and
construct works of internal improvement across
the territory of New Jersey or any other State,
that will not only regulate, but facilitate, pro-
mote, and stimulate trade among the different
States of the United States. If the present
condition of things was such that New Jersey
was offering obstacles to the trade between the
West and New York, so far as that trade was
to pass over her territory, she may dojso to the
extent of imposing her own rates ot toll and
making her own regulations upon her canals
and upon her railroads. But because she ex-
ercises her power to that extent that does not
