L866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3838
for the particular purpose of again urging upon
Congress to establish this communication.
TV ken .the measure I had the honor to intro-
duce had become a law, and it possessed vital-
ity, I surrendered it to other and abler men,
or at least if I did not surrender it, it was
usurped from me.
When tlie bill to which, this is an addendum
was introduced, I regretted that it had not
sufficiency enough in its provisions to achieve
the result. I said to gentlemen who were in
favor of the northern road, who came to see
me about it, "Gentlemen, I am in favor of
building that road, but this bill will not accom-
plish it; it is not strong enough; it has not
got material enough in it to induce enterprise
and command capital." I was pleased to see
this measure come in here with strength enough
to achieve so important a result. The wealth
to the individual is the wealth to the nation.
What will bo built up on the line of this road
will multiply the wealth of the Republic fifty j
times her investment. These things are not
well considered, and some gentlemen have a
habit of discussing these great public enter-
prises as if they were in a banking house, and
taking bonds, mortgages, or indorsed notes.
That is not the way great Governments transact
great affairs; and it is against large policies
that tend to large development and make the
strength of nations.
When you run a line of road along our
northern frontier to Puget sound, there is one
of the most beautiful waters in the world. All
the navies of the world could ride there at
rest. It is our own land. It docs not belong
to Queen Victoria. Vancouver's Island lying
across there, the boys could take any time, if
they cliosc; but wc do not want any contro-
versy of that kind. There is a little quarrel
about the island of San Juan which is not yet
settled; but so far as the terminus of this road
on the west is concerned, it is 111 American
territory, and one of the most beautiful coun-
tries in the world. As to_ running along the
line of the British possessions, as a matter of
military poliev, it would be sound within our.
own lines; and then, as to British capital-going
into the enterprise. I hope it may. They can-
not hurt us by helping our own enterprises ana
building up our own country. The time is
not far distant—we all know it—when those
possessions will be ours by the common con-
sent of States. What is the objection, then,
to English capital coming in to aid this enter-
al understand the objection of the Senator
from Ohio. There is a system of railroads m
his part of the country, and he thinks the rail-
roads of Canada in connection with this will
carry off a portion of their trade. 1 hat is not
a general, public reason; it is a-local and per-
sonal one. We cannot do abetter thing, in my
judgment, than to pass a bill that will secure
the connection of our country over our own
soil with our northwest _ frontier by rail, and
we should also have a rail down to our South-
west, andthenwithara.il along our coast, we
could maintain at least the Austrian Quadrilat-
eral. I say this bill should be passed, a-nd
there is no conflict between the Union Pacific
and the Northern Pacific railroad.
Mr. MORGAN. Mr. President, I cannot
vote for this bill. I shall vote to recommit it,
if such a motion is made. I look forward to
the time when there will be a Is orthern Pacific
railroad and a Southern Pacific railroad 111 ad-
dition to the Union Pacific railroad already
established ; but I think this mongy applica-
tion made at this time is one that should not
be granted. A little more than two years ago
Congress made a very liberal appropriation for
the construction of the Union Pacific railroad.
The whole appropriation, if I recollect aright,
was not far from $100,000,000. I hey also
made appropriations to various roads m Kan-
sas. In regard to those roads m Kansas, I
think we have committed an error. I think it
would have been better to have fixed the start-
ing point and the point of termination for the
Pacific railroad as one grand railroad, and to
that Congress should have' made appropria-
tions, and let all other competing lines run
into the main trunk. But it is too late to cor-
rect that now, and we made, as I have stated,
this large appropriation. I remember very
well that it was considered a great step for
Congress to tal#. I remember very well the
remarks made by the Senator now dead from
Vermont, Judge Collamer, who was a member
of the Pacific Railroad Committee, in which
he expressed great fears that Congress was
going too far.
At a time a little subsequent to that we cre-
ated another corporation and we made a grant
to certain individuals for the Northern Pacific
railroad, under the expectation, as has been
stated by the Senator from Ohio, that there
would be no money required from the Govern-
ment and therefore a very large appropria-
tion of lands was made; I think forty-seven
million acres. The persons to whom that grant
was made were not able to succeed with it, and
it finally fell into the hands of a gentleman of
the State of Maine by the name of Perham,
known as Gift Enterprise Perham. He was
not able to go through with it; he was not able
to carry it on ; and he disposed of it last win-
ter to some gentlemen, I believe, for the sum
of $50,000, and those gentlemen now come in
and ask Congress to make an appropriation of
about one hundred million dollars. I am a
little surprised at such an application. _ I think
it is the most'extraordinary application that
was ever made to Congress, taking all the cir-
cumstances into consideration. The original
grant of lands, as has been stated by the Sen-
ator from Ohio, was much larger than had ever
been given before to any railroad company, and
that was given under the expectation, perhaps
under the promise, that there would be no fur-
ther application. I do not know that we can
ever prevent these applications from being
made, but I shall not be at all surprised if, for
the very road we have granted this session,
called the Smolgr-Hiil road, we shall, at an
early (jfljyitSve'aii application for money.
- -TEe Senator from Michigan expressed his
surprise that the Senator from Ohio had op-
posed this bill. I, on the contrary, feel like
expressing ray obligations to the Senator from
Ohio for the opposition that he has made to it.
I hope, sir, that it will not be passed.
Mr. WILLIAMS obtained the floor.
Mr. HOWARD. I beg the Senator from
Oregon to yield me the floor for one moment.
The Senator from Ohio made one statement
to which I wish to call his attention. If I un-
derslood him rightly, he said that the liabili-
ties of the Government, in the shape ot brov-
eminent bonds granted or to be granted to
the Union Pacific railroad and its several
branches, would amount to $98,000,000. Did
I understand the Senator correctly ? _
Mr. SHERMAN. That, I _ believe, is the
estimate, from ninety-five to ninety-eight mil-
lion dollars. . . ,
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to inquire ot the
Senator whether he does not include in that
estimate the value of the lauds granted.
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir.
Mr. HOWARD. I think the Senator must
include the lands. . _ . j,
Mr. SHERMAN. I include all the bonds
granted to the Union Pacific and to the Lea verx-
worth branch, the Sioux City branch, and all
its branches. I do not feel perfectly confident
about it, but I think it is about nmety-eight
million dollars. . . ., + (Vl„
■ Mr. HOWARD. My impression is that he
Senator from Ohio musthaveincluded the value
of the lands in that estimate. Now, let me call
his attention to some facts and figures. Sup-
pose the line to be eighteen hundred miles
lone: from the one hundredth meridian of Ion-
p-itude to the ocean. The grant, according to
the terms of the charter, being $16,000 to the
mile, except in the mountain districts where
the grant is $48,000 per mile in bonds, the
whole amount of bonds—and this is including
the three branches at the East, estimating the
length of each branch at one hundred miles
to be issued to that company and its branches
will not exceed forty-eiglit million dollars. If
to this we add for California, which has two
sections, one mountainous and the other not,
the share of bonds which would fall to the Cali-
fornia Central, we have the total of $57,120,000
in Government bonds to be issued to the Union
Pacific railroad and all its branches.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is a statement on
file—it just occurred to me, and I have sent
for it—made by Colonel Simpson recently, in
which he gives the entire .distance at about
twenty-two hundred miles for the railroad and
its branches; three hundred miles at $48,000
a mile, and perhaps a thousand at $32,000.
There are three different grades of road._ I
can show you the precise statement. I think
it is $98,000,000.
Mr. HOWARD. I think whoever has made
such, a statement must have made an overesti-
mate. I do not think the liabilities of the Gov-
ernment on account of these roads will exceed
§57,000,000 for the bonds which it will be re-
quired to issue. But if we admit that the state-
ment of the Senator is correct as to the amount
of bonds thus to be issued, and that that amount
is $98,000,000, he will sec that at the end of
thirty years, during which we are to pay the
interest at six per cent., if we never get any-
thing back from those companies, the liability
of the United States will be at least $175,000,-
000 for interest, to which must be added the
$98,000,000 of principal which we are to issue
in favor of those companies. The difference,
it will be seen, is very great. I must think
that the basis of the Senator's estimate is in
some way vicious, as he will discover.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have examined^ the law,
and there i's no doubt ot one thing, of our lia-
bility under this bill to guaranty a principal
sum of stock of §102,143,000 for twenty years.
The amount we pay under this bill, at the low-
est estimate possible, is $122,571,000. There
is no doubt about the amount in this case, at
at any rate.
Mr. HOWARD. Upon the assumption that
the company will never pay back again, either
in the shape of the proceeds of the lands, or by
way of transportation upon its road, or byway
of the twenty-five per cent, of its net earnings,
after it shall have completed its road. That is
not exactly a fair way to state any question,
according to my judgment. It omits the most
iixlportant elements that belong to it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I do not
propose to protract this discussion, as I know
the Senate is very impatient for a vote upon
the question; but two or three objections have
been made to the passage of this bill that it
seems to me deserve to be noted. One.upon
which the Senator from phio particularly relies
is, that if this appropriation is made to the road
there is great danger that the company may
sell it to some company organized m Canada
and under the laws ot Great Britain, so that
this work may be transferred to the control ot
the subjects ol'the British Government. In the
first place, I answer that objection by sajmg
that it is extiemely improbable that Amcncan
citizens—and this bill requires that three fourths
of the directors of this company shall be Amen-
can citizens—would transfer a great work hko
this, connecting the two oceans, to the control
of the subjects of Great Britain. _
Mr. STEWART. I will inquire of the Sen-
ator if he thinks that English capital would be
very ready to go into this enterprise with a view
of using it adversely to the United States, with
this provision in the bill that Congress may
repeal or modify the law at any time.
Mr WILLIAMS. I was about to add to the
reason that I had just assigned that Congress
has the power to amend,^ alter, or repeal the
original charter at any time^ so that it the
company, in case this appropriation is.made,
should undertake to put the road under the
control of the citizens ot Canada, Congress has
the power at any time to take away this charter.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask my friend
whether he thinks Congress could repeal a
guarantee. After the bonds or stock were
