1806.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1913
Men in public life are greatly responsible for
the morals of tlie people.
Men in high positions exert a vast influence
upon ambitious young men, and their exam-
ples are powerful for good or evil. If they
would all sternly and religiously imitate the
example of the two lamented Senators of Ver-
mont, bribery, corruption, and political trickery
ana baseness would be unknown, and we might
all have greater hopes of the Republic. Two
more pure, just, and upright statesmen never
graced and dignified the Senate Chamber.
Both, in an eminent degree, combined the qual-
ities that make the perfect man and Christian
statesman. The lives of both of them have
illustrated, what we should all regard, that
character is the one thing valuable ; that repu-
tation, which is the mere shadow of the man,
is, in the long run, of infinitely loss importance.
Vermont has great cause for mourning.
Twice has she been stricken within a few
months, and her two most eminent and re-
spected citizens have been taken away and
are now buried in the shadow of her green
mountains. High position could not shield
them, great ability and moral worth could not
save them from the arrows of death. They
have gone the way of all the earth; but they
have left bright and honorable records as a
legacy for their own State and as examples
for those who may occupy like positions. These
noble' men have conferred great honor upon
their State ; and the people thereof will long
hold them in proud and grateful remembrance.
The loss of Vermont is the nation's loss, and
we do well to express a nation's sorrow.
By this sad event, we who occupy these
seats are called to contemplate the summons
which will soon come to each one of us. Sen-
ators, behold the point toward which all human
things converge—the grave!
It is appointed unto all men once to die. A
few brief years will bring each one of us to the
end of lifers journey and finish our earthly
record. When we shall have arrived at the
last moment of our existence here below, and
the sight of the natural eye becomes dim, G-od
grant that, looking heavenward, we may be
able to exclaim, with our departed friend, ''I
see it! I see it! The gates are wide open!
Beautiful! Beautiful!"
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, were the
aphorism of the great dramatist true, that—
" The evil that men do lives after them;
Tlio good is oft interred with their bones/'
there would be little, indeed, left to remind
us of him who has now so lately vanished from
the Council Chamber of the nation and from
the vast and majestic edifice which has grown
into stature and beauty under the enchantment
of bis labors; he would stand with those
described in the sad but beautiful passage in
the Divine Comedy:
" On earth they left no record in their day;
Merer find ja^tir-e hold thorn in di^itnin ;
Speak not of them, but look and pass away."
And his memory would pass with his mortal
body from the knowledge of men.
But a higher philosophy and a better reli-
gion teach us that however it be with evil, the
good that men do is not buried with their
bones, but lives after them, ever growing, wid-
ening. elevating, never lost, and casting its
beneiiceiit fruits even into the lap of the remot-
est future.
Whatever, then, may be the sphere of use-
fulness and good to which a man is called or in
which, he moves, whether it be in the loftiest
regions of politics or ethics, or in the cold and
severe solitudes of abstract science, or in the
practical administration of affairs, or in the
humblest callings of humble life, be his work
well and faithfully done, be his mission filled
to completion, he has earned an equal recom-
pense, and has equally won the victor's crown.
Thus it has seemed to me that on this sad
and sorrowful occasion I may leave to other
and moie familiar tongues the praise of Mr.
Foot in his character of Senator andlegislator,
and uiay'fitly-be excused from any philosoph-
ical analysis or estimate or panegyric of him as
compared with other eminent men, and leave
to the future the task of fixing with impartial
exactness his place in" the high_ temple of
fame, among the heroes and worthies who have
gone before him to their rest, and the rather,
as my heart prompts me, and as the wishes of
the people whom he has so long and so worth-
ily represented, would I am sure direct, as his
home friend and fellow-citizen, dwell for a lit-
tle space, as we mourn at his departure, upon
his personal relations to his people and upon
his long life of unblemished purity and of cor-
dial and earnest love for and pride in his native
State, and upon his constant and untiring and
successful efforts to promote their welfare and
to realize their wishes—upon his love of his
country and of man.
Born to no ancestral honors, and reaching
forward to usefulness and influence only by the
merit of his own vigorous butunaided endeavor,
he entered upon life in perfect sympathy with
the universal aspirations of the people, and
so as step by step h§ advanced from pupil to
teacher, from tcaeher to leader, and from leader
to ruler, he was to them the type and example
of republican social progress, the representa-
tive man, and all the people looked upon his
successes as their own, and felt in his advance-
ment a triumph personal to themselves.
This affectionate sympathy of sentiment was
fully reciprocated by Mr. Foot. He took up.
as if by instinct, the feelings of the people
and never failed to assert them against all
antagonism. And these qualities of his mind
and "heart were not limited to geographical
boundaries. He believed in the exhortation :
" Save thy country and every other,
And wherever man dwells find a brother
Whom God hath related to thee.
So he was admired and followed and trusted
by the masses of the people.
Whenever he was called upon for assistance
he individualized the case of each applicant
and made it his own ; liis heart warmed and
his face lighted up with joy at the opportunity
of assisting any, however humble, of his fellow-
citizens, and hundreds and thousands will carry
tliiough their lives the pleasant remembrance
of his grasp and smile as he would dismiss
them with encouragement and counsel, -thus
he endeared himself to men individually. ^ His
sense of truth and justice was quick and vivid,
although his respect for sincere opposition was
perfect; and so he was not easily misled ; thus
he obtained the confidence find resoeet of those
who could not gain his aid as weu $.6 ot those
who were the recipients of his favor.
If is life was pure, generous, and blameless:
free from all shadow of suspienmorreproach,
and all who knew him had faith m ms fidelity
to his principles and to his State against all
nressure and all temptation-
" And therefore on all sides there gathered
around this earnest, fervent, hearty, patriotic
man, the pride, the confidence, and the afiec-
tions of his whole people, who now mourn his
lo«s as an individual bereavement, as does he
who now addresses you, whose relations wuh
that noble man were of such affectionate inti-
macy and good will as W'l make him fitly
turn away and weep rather than speak the lan-
guage of deserved eulogy.
" In a busv. useful life he has filleddas allotted
snhere and" discharged his trust. \. nli enmu)
toward none, with charity toward all. he has
lived and died. . , . ,
Mr Tre-'id^nt. as we gather hope and wisdom
even out of these sorrowful duaes. let us re-
member that it is good deeds, and not the lin-
gering years, that make up t tie ful l, true life of
man, and that crown him with his best rewards.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, I feel that
I should not slumber well to-night w. hout the
utterance of one word to dignify the late Sen
ator from Vermont. Myrrli and frankincense
were the symbols of praise in the old Hebiaie,
and that praise it was supposed went up aboi e.
There is another lesson m another scnool, pei-
haps as ancient but not as anciently recorded,
that the dead rested in their caves until their
praises were hymned by the songs of bards, aud
then they were freed from their caves and went
to the heavens.
It is my impression that the late Senator
from Vermont was one of the noble men who
adorned this Senate, adorned our Government,
and distinguished his State as "Vermont has
been distinguished. There is something m her
pine-clad hills and tall mountains that makes
great men. I do not know the man with whom
I have met in the tide of _my own times who
was better fitted for public service thari the
late Senator from Vermont. Every one \n the
Senate Chamber felt, when lie came here to
present himself; whether in the President s
chair or in his own seat on the other side ot
the Chamber, that he was an ornament to the
Senate, both intellectually and morally.
It would be difficult to convey m formal
words the due compliment that all of us owe
liim, to give him the fullness of liis merit. I
feel it due to myself* out of respect tor him,
his high oflice. and the manner in which he
conducted himself in his high olYice, to say
this much in his praise ; and if 1 had a harp
like David I would sing to him as David sang
to Saul.
The resolution was unanimously adopted.
Mr. POLAND. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE 017 bbPUESENTATIYES.
Thursday, April 12, 1866.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by Ihe Chaplain, Pev. C. B. Boyxtox.
The Journal of yesterday "was read anu
approved.
T.KAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. COOK asked and obtained leave of
absence for two weeks for his colleague, Mr.
ClXLOM.
EQCALrZATlOX 01" BOC-N-TIES.
Air. JEWELL. X ask unanimous consent
to present a memorial, signed bv eight thou-
sand soldiers of the States of r*ew Jersey and
New York, in relation to the equalization of
bounties. , .
Mr. WEXTWORTH. Cannot this petition
be presented under the rule? f have always
handed in those I am charged with m that way.
The SPEAKER. The petition will he pre-
sented under the rule, objection being made to
its presentation in the House.
paymasters' accounts.
Mr WASHBURN", of Indiana, by unani-
mous'consent, submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered. and agreed to:
Revived. That the Paymaster General of the Army
be ruquo-ted to furnish this iloo?o with t.ie name-1 of
the paymasters and additional payuia-*tci> avui-t
whom fctoiiptVics are now standing, and the nature
and eau^e of the same.
Mr. FARXSWORTH subsequently said : I
move to reconsider the vote by which the
House adopted a resolution a few moments
a to in relation to the accounts of payinasters
of the Armv. I do it because 1 think great
invoice will be done those ofnecrs through-
out the country bv dragging their names beiore
the public as having stoppages against tuem m
their accounts. Now, we all know tnnt these
stoppages are caused oy the contusion 01 me
orders which have been issued, and in conse-
quence of which they have in many cases hon-
estly disbursed money, and stoppages are now
charged asainst tliem on that account.
Mr. STEVEXS. I desire to say. m addition
to what has been said by the gentleman from
Illinois. [Mr. Farxswomii,] that gentlemen
ll must be aware that the accounts of these pay-
i j masters are settled up to only about t '!1'ee years
I of this time: and in the mean tune all the bat-
|i ances limy 'hold in their hands stand charged
l| against them.
!l "Mr. SCHEXCK. I desire to say that there
