1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GfliOBE.
483
Laws of the United States.
39th Cong....ISt
United States, and who have been honorably
discharged therefrom, and that the Secretary
of the Treasury direct the proper observance
tif this resolution by all revenue officers.
Approved, July 28, 1866.
PRIVATE ACTS.
Ohap. TV-—An Act for the Belief of Mrs. Mary
Lincoln, Widow of the late President of the
United States.
Beit enacted by the Senate and Rouse of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury pay, out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, to Mrs. Mary
Lincoln, widow of Abraham Lincoln, late
President of the United States, or, in the
event of her death before payment, then to
the legal representatives of the said Abraham
Lincoln, the sum of twenty-five thousand dol-
lars: Provided always, That any sum of money
which shall have been paid to the personal
representatives of the said Abraham Lincoln
since his death, on account of his salary as
President of the United States for the current
year, shall bo deducted from the said sum of
twenty-five thousand dollars.
Approved, December 21, 1865.
fifty-four hundredths acres to the waters of said
harbor, as the same is now laid out and used
for that purpose: Provided, That this act shall
only be construed to be a relinquishment of the
title of the United States, and shall not inter-
fere with the rights of third persons.
Approved, March 8, 1866.
Chap. XXIII.—An Act for the Relief of
Robert Henne.
Be it enacted by the Senate arid House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and hereby is, authorized and di-
rected to increase the pension of RobertHenne,
late of company I, twelfth Missouri infantry,
from seventeen dollars per month to twenty-
five dollars per month, and to pay him such
increased pension from the passage of this act.
Approved, March 22, 1866.
Chap. VII.—An Act for the Relief of Charles
F. Anderson.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That tbe Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, directed to pay
to Charles P. Anderson, architect, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, the sum of seven thousand five hun-
dred dollars, in full, for time, labor, and ex-
pense in preparing plans and drawings for the
Capitol extension.
Approved, February 7, 186&
Chap. XI.—An Act for the Relief of Charlotte
Benee, Widow of Philip II. Benee, late Cap-
tain of Company P, Thirtieth Regiment Iowa
Volunteer Infantry. «*.
Beit enactedbythe Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place the name of Charlotte Benee,
of Bloomfield, Davis county, Iowa, widow of
Captain Philip H. Benee, of company I, thir-
tieth regiment of Iowa volunteers, on the pen-
sion-roll, at the rate of twenty, dollars per
month, from and after the passage of this act,
for and during her widowhood.
■ Approved, February 17, 1866.
Chap. XIV.—An Act for the Relief of the
Heirs of James Bawdin.
Be it enacted by the Senate <xnd House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Conaress assembled, That on payment to the
United States of one dollar and twenty-five
cents per acre therefor, the Commissioner ot
the General Land Office shall cause a patent
to be issued to the heirs of James Bawdm tor
that tract of land lying and being at Jiagle
Harbor, on Lake Superior, situate upon the
north part of section number six, in township
number fifty-eight north, of range number
thirty west, in the Sault Ste. Marie lan is
triet, State of Michigan, containing about six
and fifty-four hundredths acres ot land, ana
being all that part of the lands known as the
light-house reservation at Eagle Harbor, which
lies east of the dotted line marked 86 40
• E. 12. 76 chains," as shown on the plat ot
" Bawd[i]n's Survey" of .said res^rvation in
the office of said Commissioner of the G
Land Office, except so much of said lands as
may be required for the use of a road tour 1 o s
wide, from the light-house across saad six and
Chap. XXX.—An Act for the Benefit of John
W. Campbell.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States'of America in
Congress assembled, That the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury Department be,
and they are hereby, authorized and required
to allow John W. Campbell, late quartermaster
seventh Kentucky cavalry, on settlement of his
accounts, a credit of four thousand seven hun-
dred and seventy dollars, money expended by
him for the use of the said regiment, the vouch-
ers and accounts for which were destroyed and
lost by falling into the hands of the enemy at
Cynthiana, July seventeenth; Big Hill, Au-
gust twenty-third; and Richmond, Kentucky,
August thirtieth day, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two, respectively, if on examining the
evidence by the Quartermaster General the
said Quartermaster General shall deem him
justly entitled to said credit; but said credit
shall not be allowed without the said Quarter-
master General shall certify his approval
thereof.
Approved, April 7, 1866-.
pension allowed by this act shall be continued
to the children of the late Major Thomas 0.
Fitzgibbon, subject to the limitation and re-
strictions now imposed by existing pension
Approved, April 10, 1866.
Chap. XXXVI.—An Act for the Relief of F.
A. Patterson, late Captain of the Third Vir-
ginia Cavalry.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of tlie United Slates of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
be, and he is hereby, authorized and direeted
to pay Captain P. A. Patterson full amount of
pay and emoluments as a captain of the third
Virginia cavalry from the twenty-fifth day of
November, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, the
date of his commission by the Governor of Vir-
ginia, to the date of muster out of his regiment.
Approved, April 10, 1866.
Chap. XXXIV.—An Act forthe Relief of J. B.
Rittenhouse, Fleet Paymaster of the Pacific
Squadron.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States otf America in
Congress assembled, That the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury be, and they are
hereby, authorized and directed, in the settle-
ment of the accounts of J. B. Rittenhouse,
fleet paymaster of the Pacific squadron, to re-
lease him from all accountability for the amount
of thirteen thousand five hundred and nine
dollars, public money, stolen from him on the
evening of October thirty, eighteen hundred
and sixty-five, while on duty at Panama,, or
such portion thereof as he may or shall tail to
recover: Provided, That no part of said money
shall be allowed said Rittenhouse until the
proper accounting officers of the Government
are satisfied upon full and complete evidence
of the larceny of the money alleged to have
been stolen.
Approved, April 10, 1866.
Chap. XXXV.—An Act granting a Pension to
Sarah Fitzgibbon.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep
resentatives of the United States of Amenca m
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he hereby is, authorize;! and
directed to place the name of Sarah Fitzgib-
bon, widow of Thomas C. Fitzgibbon, late
maior of the fourteenth Michigan volunteer
infantry, upon the pension-rolls, at twenty-five
dollars per mouth from the first daj. of May,
one thousand eight hundred and six 3 _
fZvided, That iSthe event of the mamage
or death of said Sarah Fitzgibbon. that the
Chap. XXXVII.—An Act for the Relief of
Jane W. Nethaway.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of
the Interior be, and he is hereby, directed to
place upon the pension-rolls the name of Jano
W. Nethaway, of the town of Ohio, county of
Herkimer, and State of New York, widow of
David Nethaway, late of the eighty-first regi-
ment Sew York volunteers ; the said pension
to begin on the twenty-ninth day of September,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, and to con-
tinue during her widowhood, at the rate al-
lowed by law to the widow of afirst lieutenant.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury be,
and they are hereby, authorized and direeted
to settle and adjust the accounts of the said
David Nethaway, late of the eighty-first regi-
ment New York volunteers, as a second lieu-
tenant from June third, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four, to August eleventh, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-four, inclusive, and as a first
lieutenant from August twelfth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-four, to September twenty-ninth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, inclusive.
Approved, April 10, 1866.
Chap. XXXVIII.—An Act for the Relief of
Emma J. Hall.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the Untied States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and hereby is,_ authorized and di-
rected to place the name of Emma Jane Hall,
widow of Perry Hall, deceased, late a chaplain
in the seventy-ninth regiment Indiana volun-
teers, upon the pension-rolls, at the rate now
prescribed by law for officers of his rank, ana
to be continued during her widowhood.
Approved, April 10,1866.
Chap. XLII.—An Act to confirm unto Augus-
tin Amiot, his legal Assigns and Represent-
atives, a certain Lot of Ground in the City
of Saint Louis, in the State of Missouri.
Whereas, under the act of Congress ap-
proved June twenty-second eighteen hundred
and sixty, entitled " An act for the final adjust-
ment of private land claims in the States ot
Florida, Louisiana, and Missouri, and tor other
purposes,1'' tha recorder of land titles tor the
city of Saint Louis, for the State of Missouri,
hasreported to the Commissionerof the General
Land Office that there ought to be confirmed
to Augustin Amiot, or to his *eRrese?.*f"
tives, under class one, under the third section
of the act aforesaid, the lot ot ground m the
town of Saint Louis, Missouri, described as fol-
lows: commencing at the northwest corner of
the lot in block number forty-six, being the
northwpuf corner of She block nt lit.' mtersee-
:V.)ti1 (Y>N<i. IfT Sl-'S
N<
