2874
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
authorize Congress to enter into her territory
and take possession of those canals and those
railroads and establish different tolls and dif-
ferent regulations upon them from what New
Jersey by her own authority has established.
If, however, the obstruction is so great as to
require the exercise of the authority of Con-
gress under its power to regulate commerce
among the several iStates, the only way in which
Congress can exercise that power legitimately
is by establishing its own lines of communica-
tion, either in the form of railroads or canals,
or some other form, by which to regulate and
facilitate commerce among the several States.
But, sir, I utterly deny that the original pur-
pose of this bill is constitutional or comes
within the legitimate and constitutional power
of Congress. The power vested in Congress
by the Constitution to regulate commerce
among the several States is not a power that
will absorb the power of a single State to es-
tablish its own system of internal improve-
ments. Such a power on the part of Congress
to regulate commerce will not authorize Con-
gress to interfere, in my construction of the
Constitution, with the internal system of im-
provements of any particular State whatever.
With this view of the power of Congress on
this subject, I think the bill, with the purpose
of taking possession of the works of internal
improvement of that State, or of any other
State, establishing rates of toll and the trans-
fer of freight upon them, or making regulations
to exclude the power of the State over its own
internal system of improvements, is altogether
an unauthorized power when it is claimed for
Congress; and that, if Congress is desired to
act upon the subject at all, to act legitimately
and within the pale of the Constitution, it must
act in the form of opening up new works of
internal improvement, constructed under its
own authority.
I recollect that this question came up thirty
years ago in the politics of that day. The State
of Kentucky had a large trade to the State of
South Carolina. It had to pass that trade over
the territory of Tennessee; and in the conflicts
of politics between the North and the South,
and between the West and the South, it was
threatened that the roads and channels of com-
munication for that trade over Tennessee would
be closed to Kentucky and to Kentucky traders.
It might have been legitimate for the State of
Tennessee to close those roads and channels
of trade within her own territory; but when-
ever the State of Tennessee had proceeded to
the exercise of that power, then_the power of
Congress, under the clause regulating com-
merce among the several States, would have
authorized Congress to open new roads and
new channels of commerce over the territory
of the State of Tennessee for the purpose of
regulating trade between Kentucky and other
western States and the southern States.
The amendments were ordered to he en-
grossed, and the biil to be read the third time.
It was read the third time.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Believing that it is not
in the power of Congress to enact it, I ask for
the yeas and nays ou the passage of the bill.
The yeas and najs were ordered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I propose to vote
against this bill, and I wish to state a simple
reason why I shall do so. I concur generally,
and almost particularly, with the remarks made
by the honorable Senator from Kentucky. I
cannot see any reason why, if a State undertakes
an enterprise which of itself facilitates com-
merce and adds a new avenue for it, creates
that which did not before exist, and imposes
certain conditions, which conditions in them-
selves may be somewhat burdensome, it hav-
ing thus created a new aueuue, that very fact,,
when it beeerm--; an avenue of commerce,
places the whole tiling under the control of
the Government of the United States, to regu-
late. restrict, or destroy it in any way that it
sees fit: because the power goes to the whole
extent if it applies at all. The State of New
Jersey and the State of Maryland, with refer-
ence to these charters, have put in a very self-
ish and odious condition, one that they ought
to be ashamed of and ought to abandon, in my
judgment; but by the very fact of authorizing
these railroads and building them, they created
valuable property and increased the facilities
of commerce in the country. It belongs to
them; it is within their own limits; and be-
cause it thus becomes an avenue of commerce,
I cannot see how that gives all power over it
to the Government of the United States any
more than if they made a turnpike, any more
than if they established a line of coaches to be j
used for the transfer of passengers and the
carrying of packages, &c., in any way. I have
been unable to come to the conclusion that we
had any constitutional power to meddle with
that which belongs to the State exclusively,
and which it alone had a right to control. That
is the simple reason upon which I shall vote
against the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think the honorable
member, without meaning it, has disparaged
the State of Maryland. The charter of her
great road, which has inured so much to the
benefit of the whole country, was granted at
a time when the railroad system was hardly
known. The charter upon the Washington
road was granted soon after. It was very much
opposed by those who were interested in the
turnpike between the city of Baltimore and
Washington. They went to the extent of sup-
posing that the charter interfered with rights
secured by what they imagined to be a contract
between the State and themselves, protected
by that clause of the Constitution of the United
States which prohibits a State from impairing
the obligation of contracts. It has never been
denied, as far as my impression extends, that
the States having authority to grant charters
may exact a bonus. I suppose in Maine char-
ters of that description have been granted upon
the condition that the company would pay to
the State something in the way of a bonus.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Never, under any cir-
cumstances.
Mr. JOHNSON. Ithasbeendone in nearly
all the States.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not in the New Eng-
land States. We do not levy a tax on people
living out of the State.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am about to speak of
that. Instead of exacting a sum in gross to be
paid by these companies to the State as a com-
pensation for the franchise, Maryland has pro-
vided that a certain proportion of the fare upon
the passengers should inure to the benefit of
the State: I think it is one fifth. They might,
if they had thought proper, have exacted a sum
in gross, which would have been equivalent, if
the company had been able to pay it, to an
annuity such as they receive by the tax of one
fifth ot'thefares. Butthe company at that time
had no means whatever to meet such a bonus;
and it is to be recollected, too, that the State
at that period was very much involved. Her
credit had been very much impaired about that
time, and it was incumbent on her to provide
all the means that she could to meet her em-
barrassments and to place her credit in the
condition in which it has almost ever since
been. She resorted to a stamp act, being, I
believe, the first if not the only State in the
Union that has resorted to that tax, with a
view to meet her engagements, and it answered
the purpose.
Now, as she might have authorized—nobody,
I suppose, will doubt that—the company to
charge any amount of toll that they might think
proper to charge, why is it that she has not a
right, without subjecting herself to the suppo-
sition of interfering unnecessarily with the
rights of the citizens of other States, to pro-
vide that she should, out of the tolls, be enti-
tled to a certain percentage of those tolls in
the way of compensation for the franchise?
The franchise, it was supposed at the time
these charters were granted, would be very val-
uable. I think the charter to the Baltimore
and Ohio railroad was granted in 183f>. The
provision was that two dollars should be paid
up on each share on subscribing, running it up
to some six or seven or ten dollars; but it
turned out to be a very unfortunate investment
to the original stockholders. Every man of
them who was not able to bear the loss, and
who had any number of shares, lost almost
everything he was worth, and it has not been
until a comparatively recent period that the
work has been a prosperous one. During the
whole administration which preceded the exist-
ing administration of the road the stock was
very low, and no dividends were declared. The
State now is receiving, as a stockholder, her
share of the dividends upon the amount of
stock she holds; I think it is about half a mil-
lion of dollars—I am not sure that I am right
as to the amount—and she receives upon the
passenger travel on the road from here to Bal-
timore one fifth of the amount which she au-
thorized the company to charge. But she might
have authorized the company to charge the
entire sum which they now charge without ex-
acting anything, and that would not have oper-
ated more prejudicially to the people of the
other States than the provision by which she
secures to herself a portion of those charges.
I concur with the honorable member from
Maine in thinking that, looking to the relative
condition in which the States stand toward
each other, and, more especially, looking to
the relation in which we individually stand to
each other as citizens of a common country,
so far from throwing in the way any impedi-
ment to intercourse, the best thing the States
can do, if they are able to maintain themselves
and at the same time do it, is to open all the
avenues at once; but if they cannot do that,
without securing some compensation for them-
selves, then it would seem to be better that we
should have even that mode of intercourse
than have no. mode of intercourse.
I merely rose because I was apprehensive
that what fell from the honorable member from
Maine might be considered as justifying the
inference that Maryland had done something
that she ought to be ashamed of; and I think the
honorable member used the word "ashamed."
She is not in the habit of being.ashamed of
anything she has done. Her people may do
wrong, and they may, in this instance, have
acted, perhaps, erroneously; but that I doubt.
I do not think she did, in the beginning; but,
acting from a conviction that what she did she
had a right to do, and, perhaps, continuing in
that impression up to the present time, even
the authority of my friend from Maine will not
be sufficient to make her ashamed of the con-
dition in which she stands now in relation to
her sister States, and of the relative condition
in which her citizens stand to all the citizens
of the country, and, among others, to the citi-
zens of the State of Maine. I think the citizens
of that State, perhaps, do not pay a greater rate
in traveling over the route from here to Balti-
more than they pay at home. I do not know
what is the limitation upon their charges. They
have a limitation, of course. The charge here
is three or four cents a mile, I believe—I for-
get the exact amount.
Mr. SHERMAN. About four cents; the
fare to Baltimore is $1 50.
Mr. JOHNSON. It used to be $2 50.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is a larger pro-
portion than is charged in New England.
Mr. JOHNSON. But the honorable mem-
ber forgets that Maryland was a slave State.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not forget that.
Mr. JOHNSON. He would seem to forget
it, practically. If Maryland had been, as Maine
has been from the first, a free State, she would
have had a population now as numerous and
as enterprising as is the population of the State
of Maine. *
_ Mr. FESSENDEN. How many Representa-
tives have you?
Mr. JOHNSON. We have five now, count-
ing three fifths of the negroes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is all we have.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 know that; but you
have not our negroes. The honorable mem-
ber says that is all they have ; but we ought to
have more. He is in a vex-y inhospitable part
