THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I want to antago-
nize this motion, if I can, by another motion, so
as- to get the sense of the Senate as to the ques-
tion of taking up the Colorado hill.
Mr. SUMNER. T have no desire to inter-
pose any delay to the consideration of the Colo-
rado bill; but the Senate must see that that is a
. bill which will cause a certain amount of discus-
sion ; it remains to be seen how much. To take
it up now, when we have but twenty minutes
before the morning hour expires, it seems to me
would not be an economical arrangement of our
business. Now, asIunderstand. my colleague
proposes to take up his bill, which is a very
important one. and to have it read. It must be
r.ead ; and it will then be launched before the
Senate; and I presume he does not expect to
go any further with it to-day. We really can-
not make much headway with the Colorado bill
between now and one o'clock.
Mr. STEWART. We can get the question
before the Senate. I have deferred calling it
Up owing to suggestions from different quarters,
and havd yielded the preference to matters of
which it had precedence for over two months.
The Committee on Territories reported the bill
over two months ago, and recommended its
passage; it has been lying on our tables. The
. members-elect are waiting to know what action
is to bo taken. They desire action. If we do
not get it before the Senate now, if we wait
until the military bill shall have been consid-
ered in the morning hour for several days, the
rest of the session being occupied by the con-
stitutional amendment, it will be a long time
before we get the Colorado bill up. I think it is
due to tile parties who have been elected to seats
to have a decision on the question. It is a very
simple proposition and ought to take but little
time; it can be well understood in a few min-
utes; but if we are to have a discussion on it
I think it due to the subject and to the parties
who are waiting that that discussion should be
commenced, if the bill of the Senator from
Massachusetts was a bill that was to occupy
but a few moments I should not be so tena-
cious, but to take up a bill which is to consume
the^ morning hour for several days I consider
unfair. Ihis bill lias precedence in point of
time, and I hope the motion of the Senator
from Massachusetts will be voted down.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Will the Senator
from Massachusetts allow the friends of the
Colorado bill to get the sense of the Senate
on taking it up ? Will he withdraw his motion
and allow the Senator from Nevada to make
Ms motion to take up the Colorado bill, so that
we can get at the sense of the Senate?
Mr. GRIMES. The Senators who are in favor
of immediate action on the bill for the admis-
sion of Colorado can vote against the motion
of the Senator from Massachusetts, and that,
will be a test vote.
Mr. STEWART. ^ I call for the }reas and nays.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I do not wish to
place myself, nor do the friends of the Colo-
rado bill wish to place themselves, in a position
of antagonism to the bill of the Senator from
Massachusetts.
Mr. "WILSON. I express the opinion to the
Senator from Kansas that the Colorado bill,
from what I hear, will lead to quite an extended
debate. I thought that, the bill to which I called
attention could be taken up this morning and
read. There are only a very few sections as to
which there will be any debate. I do not ex-
pect that the debatable portions will be reached
this morning. [ want to have the attention of
the Senate directed to the bill. I shall not
press it to-day or to-morrow, or make a speech
on it. ,
,,^r- LANE, of Kansas. The Senator from
Massachusetts is aware that Congress almost
unanimously passed an enabling act for Colo-
rado.^ The people of that State have formed a
constitution _ and elected their Senators and
-Kepsesentahv'e. and they are here. The onlv
question is as to their excluding one hundred
negroes from the right of suffrage. That ques-
tion, the question of negro suffrage, is bein°- dis-
cussed on other bills. It seems to me that the
Colorado bill can be settled by a vote of the Sen-
ate without a great deal of discussion, but if we
are to have discussion, the sooner we take up
the bill the better. Tt, is true, as the Senator
from Massachusetts is aware, that the Colorado
bill was first introduced, first reported by the
committee, first before the Senate, and ought to
be disposed of before the bill moved by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson.] We
have unanimously decided to admit their Sena-
tors on the floor of the Senate ; they are here;
and it partakes somewhat of a question of privi-
lege. I againrepeatthatlwouldliketohavethe
Senator from Massachusetts permit the motioa
to be made so that we can have a vote on it.
Mr. SUMNER. It seems to me that my
friend from Kansas does not appreciate all the
questions involved in what he calls the Colo-
rado bill. He says that it is simply a little
question—little to him. perhaps—of whether
one hundred colored persons shall vote. A
great question that, sir, whether one hundred
peisons on account of their color shall be shut
out from the exercise of the elective franchise—
not a little question as the Senator suggests.
But that is not all. The Senator assumes
that Colorado has come here under an enabling
act. When the Senate enter upon the discus-
sion they will see very clearly that she does
not come here under the enabling act; that she
has called together a convention on her own
motion, the operation of the enabling act passed
by Congress having expired. I do not pretend
to say at this stage of the discussion what will
be the value of that conduct, to what extent it
should affect our conclusions; but Senators
will see that there is clearly a question involved
beyond that great one to which the Senator
from Kansas has alluded.
There is then also another question, whether
the State of Colorado at this moment has a
population such as would justify our receiving
two Senators on this floor, putting her on an
equality with New York and Pennsylvania. On
that I express no opinion now. I merely open
that question, that the Senate may see what is
involved in what is called, compendiously, the
Colorado bill. Now, sir, with ten months be-
fore us I think we had not better enter upon it.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I expressed no such
idea as that this was a little question, and it
does not come with a very good grace from the
Senator from Massachusetts to say to me  
Mr. SUMNER. I understood the Senator
to say so. If he did not, of course I stand cor-
rected.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I undertake to say
that one who has devoted eleven years of his
life to the cause of freedom should be secure
from such an'imputation as that from the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts.
Mr. SUMNER. I only intended to quote
the Senator's words. If I did not hear him
correctly, of dourse I stand corrected.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I used no such lan-
guage.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; then I was mis-
taken.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I said that the only
question was as to granting the suffrage to one
hundred blacks in Colorado, and that that ques-
tion was being discussed day by day upon other
measures that are pending before the Senate.
Let me say to the Senator from Massachusetts
that the question of negro suffrage is as impor-
tant to me as to him. It occupies and absorbs
me as much as it does liini, or any Senator, and
that, and other questions connected with the
freedom of the. black man, has occupied me and
my constituents for eleven longyears. Wo may
differ, and I presume we will, as to the man-
ner and time of granting that right; but as to
the great question of giving every man over
twenty-one years of age the right of suffrage in
this Union, who is qualified to exercise it,"that
question ii as impoitant to me as to him.
Nor did I say that Colorado cameheie under
an enabling act. An enabling act was granted
by Congress when Colorado had a less popula-
tion than she has now. Nebraska is taking the
same steps toward organizing a State govern-
ment, and under the same theory as Colorado
is organized. What the friends of Colorado
ask is, that we may have the sense of the Sen-
ate upon the proposition to admit her. It is but
just to Colorado and important to Nebraska
that such a vote should be had at an early day.
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilsox]
is not in his seat. I was going again to request
him to withdraw his motion so that the ques-
tion may come up on the naked proposition of
the Senator from Nevada.
Mr. SPRAGUE. As one of the members
of the Military Committee, I desire to draw the
attention of the Senate to the fact that the vol-
unteers of our Army are, as the war is now over,
unwilling to serve as such any longer. The
Lieutenant General is embarrassed day by day
with constant complaints from officers and men,
and by desertions from those volunteer regi-
ments, and he is earnestly anxious that what-
ever is done by Congress in relation to this bill
shall be done quickly. It is to me far more
important that the matters connected with the
States lately in rebellion should be attended to
first, rather than those in the far West yet in
their unorganized condition. I trust that the
Senate will realize and understand the position
of the Lieutenant General, the military author-
ities, and the people throughout the country
who are anxious to have their military affairs
strengthened in every possible way. I trust
the biil indicated by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts will be taken up, will be read, will be
discussed, and will be aetcd upon finally and
quickly, so that the country will have some-
thing before them upon which they may feel
secure
Mr. STEWART. I hope the Senator from
Massachusetts will withdraw his motion and
let us take the sense of the Senate on taking
up the Colorado bill.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator can have the
sense of the Senate just as well on my motion
to take up the Army bill. The Senate will
decide which it prefers to take up first.
Mr. STEWART. That is not fair, because
a p&rtion of the committee who reported that
bill will have to sustain the chairman of the
committee in calling it up. although they are
favorable to the Colorado bill, and it is putting
the Colorado bill under a disadvantage. If he
will exonerate his committee, so as to let every
man express his opinion, I do not know that I
would object.
Mr. WILSON. I cannot withdraw the mo-
tion.
Mr. STEWART. Then I call for the yeas
and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the Senator
from Massachusetts had better withdraw his
motion, as it will take more than the residue of
the morning hour to call the yeas and nays,
and of course his bill cannot then be -consid-
ered, as we have a special order at one o'clock.
Mr. CLARK. But if he withdraw his motion,
the question will come up on the motion of the
Senator from Nevada.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well. I only made
the motion to save time.
Mr. GRIMES. I hope the Senator from
Massachusetts will not withdraw his motion. I
think it vastly more important that we should
carry out the suggestions that have been made
by the chairman of the Military Committee and
the Senator from Rhode Island, and do some-
thing toward disbanding the dissatisfied men who
have volunteered into the service and been kept
over what they claim to be the time for which
they enlisted than that we should take up this
Colorado bill, which can be disposed of at any
time.
Mr. STEWART. I withdraw the call for the
yeas and nays.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It can only
bo withdrawn by unanimous consent, the yeas
and nays having been ordered. No objection
being made, the call for the yeas and nays is
withdrawn. The question is on the motion of
the Senator from Massachusetts.
The motion was agreed to.
