3836
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
Shirty-five hundred miles of a continuous line
of steam communication by lake, river, and
rail. Thus by making seven hundred miles of
railroad you are brought into the very heart of
the continent. The Missouri river from Fort
Union to Fort Benton is navigable more mouths
of the year than it is below that point, down
toward the borders of Kansas and Nebraska.
The navigation below is often indifferent, but
from Fort Union westward to Fort Benton there
is good navigation through almost all the usual
months of navigation upon that river.
It must be remembered that your principal
lines of railroad between the East and the
West are now about the line of forty degrees.
This line would be about the forty-fifth degree.
Now, look at the great development that has
already taken place in the country north of
forty-five degrees. There is the Territory of
Montana with already a population claimed to
be, and I suppose it is, quite forty thousand
people, producing about one quarter of all the
gold product of this continent, assumed now
to be about a hundred millions. That Terri-
tory, so rich in gold, is said to produce about
twenty-five millions annually. Then you have
the whole of the Territory of Washington, lying
north of forty-five degrees. You have not as
yet provided any accommodation for the travel
and development of that extensive district of
country in the North ; you are confining your
accommodations and your appropriations to
about the line of forty degrees; and it is not
reasonable to suppose that the country will
be longer satisfied with such a discrimination.
Need I say more? I have merely interjected
topics for consideration, and facts which are
irresistible, on which, if the hour were more
opportune, I should with pleasure dilate. Pass
this bill and the expenditures it may occasion
will be well repaid.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, the Sen-
ators from the extreme Northwest seem to take
a great interest in this measure. Now, I should
like lo inquire of some one where Congress gets
the authority to guaranty the stock of a private
corporation, to guaranty that the stockholders
shall be paid six per cent, upon their stock.
I should like some of the advocates of this bill
to point out the section and the article of the
Constitution of the United States giving to Con-
gress the power to guaranty the payment of
interest upon the stock of a private corporation.
I apprehend that such a thing as that has not
been done in the past history of the country. It
never occurred before to members of the Sen-
ate and House of Representatives that such a
power was vested in the Congress of the United
States; and in the advocacy of this measure,
which may involve such a vast expenditure of
money on the part of the General Government,
no one of its advocates has presumed to refer
to the Constitution of the United States as con-
ferring this power upon Congress. They seem
to assume that Congress has the power. Sir,
it is only another evidence that in our legisla-
tion, that limitation upon the powers of Con-
gress and the other departments of Govern-
ment is totally unheeded, absolutely unthought
of. If you have the power to guaranty the pay-
ment of six per cent, upon the stock of this
railroad, you have the authority likewise to
guaranty the payment of six per cent, upon the
stock of every private railroad in the United
States. If you can guaranty lawfully the pay-
ment of this interest upon the stock of this
railroad, your power is the same in reference
to every other railroad in the United States.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to remind the Sen-
ator that this bill relates to a company incor-
porated by a law of Congress. I ask, if Con-
gress has power to incorporate a company, may
it not prescribe the regulations under which that
company may transact its business ?
<? Mr. SAULSBUBY. I suppose that if Con-
gress has the power to incorporate a company
it may do everything necessary for that pur-
pose, as the gentleman says; but that is a very
different question from the one I am discussing.
In the first place, it involves the question of the
power of Congress to incorporate any such rail-
road company. To be sure, it' might give a cor-
poration authority to cross the public lands not
within the limits of a State. But that is a totally
different question from the power of Congress
to take money out of the public Treasury to
guaranty a debt owing to private individuals.
I go further and say, if you have a right under
the Constitution of the United States to guar-
anty the payment of six per cent, upon this
stock, you have just as much right to guaranty
the payment of six per cent, upon the bond of
A to B. The fact that the interest arises upon
stock of a railroad company makes no differ-
ence in reference to the authority of Congress.
If you have the authority to guaranty the pay-
ment of a private debt when that debt is due
by a corporation, although that corporation
may be chartered by yourselves, you have the
power to guaranty the payment of interest on
the bond of A to B. Adopt this principle and
the United States becomes the great guarantor
of every private debt in the country. I do not
say they would do it in practice, but the same
principle is involved.
Now, Mr. President, is it not time for us to
wake up to a proper consideration of our pow-
ers as legislators? It cannot be pleaded that
we are in a time of war and that necessity, ab-
solute necessity, overriding fundamental laws,
requires such an appropriation of money as
this, or such a guarantee as this. No such
plea can now be available. Neither can the
plea that this railroad will be greatly beneficial
to the section of country through which it
passes, and that it will be of great public use,
be available here, because Congress has not
authority to do any and everything which may
be for the public good. It is time, I say, that
we should go back to something like the ori-
ginal views of the founders of the Government
and institute an inquiry, where do we get the
power to do these extraordinary things? I have
no prejudice against this Northern Pacific rail-
road more than I have against the other. I
would just as lief see the one built as the
other; but I hold that the Congress of the
United States has no authority under the Con-
stitution to pass this act. It has no authority
to guaranty the payment of six per cent, upon
the stock of any corporation in the United
States. Unless that authority can be shown I
think we ought to vote unanimously for the
defeat of this bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My friend from Ohio
is a very acute Senator, and therefore I have
been very much surprised at the fact that he
supposes that any array of figures showing that
inevitably the United States must be the loser
by embarking itself in any enterprise of this
sort, would have an effect upon the Senate
when they have a scheme to carry through.
The fact that he should be so green as to en-
tertain such a notion as that surprised me very
much. I have hardly ever known the time
since I have been here that any array of figures
showing that the Government must lose, or
any clear, palpable proof that a thing was un-
constitutional, had apparently more than the
slightest effect, the effect of a ripple, in pre-
venting the passage of a great scheme which
had a good deal of money in it. How that
happens I do not know and cannot pretend to
say; but such has been my observation of the
course of legislation for a very considerable
time since I have been a member of the Sen-
ate.
Now, sir, from my location, I might be sup-
posed to sympathize a good deal with the hon-
orable Senators from the Pacific coast on this
question. I believe they lay it down as a prin-
ciple that everything that goes to the Pacific
coast is right, in the first place, and constitu-
tional in the second, and that it will not do for
one of them to vote against it, under any circum-
stances, no matter what the argument is, be-
cause, if they did that, they would be opposing
the interests of the Pacific coast; that is to say,
they would not be coming up to the standing
point on all occasions. They are very clever
gentlemen, and I have very great respect and
regard for them; but it seems they must stand
by their section of country, no matter what the
cost to the Goverment and no matter what the
result. It is a Pacific coast mea,Sii#o ; ergo, it
is right; ergo, it is constitutional; ergo, it must
be adopted. All this is very acute logic, no
doubt; I do not pretend to complain of it; I
only say that I am unable to appreciate it, so
far as I am concerned.
If this road is ever to be built—and I take
it it will be some day or other—it is to be of
more advantage on this side of the line to New
England comparatively than to any other sec-
tion of the old country, because there it will
terminate substantially; and if beneficial to
New England it will be particularly so to what
was once the beautiful city in which I happen
Jo live, for that is the terminus of the Grand
Trunk railway, and would be substantially the
terminus of this road on the Atlantic coast and
it would help to make it a great city. Hence I
should be exceedingly glad to have it done at
an early day. I do not know but that I might
say that personally, if I should live long enough,
I might be almost as much interested as an in-
dividual in the result as most men who live
there, for the reason that at present I am un-
fortunate enough to own a great many town
lots which I can hardly carry, pressing me to
the earth, and I should very much like a ehanee
to sell them for a good price.
But, sir, in spite of all this, I cannot give my
assent to this bill, more especially at the pres-
ent time. I am very sorry to be placed in so
disagreeable a predicament; but after all it is
one of those cases in a man's life where he -
must meet the necessity of the occasion and
act up to his convictions.
Mr. President, I did not vote for the Pacific
railroad bill. I believe there were five- votes
against it in this body, and one or two members
did not vote at all. I came into the Senate
purposely out of my committce-room in order
to throw my vote against the bill, but my col-
league persuaded me not to do it. He said it
was no use; the thing would go through; it
was not a pleasant predicament to be in so small
a company, and I had better say nothing about
it. 1 concluded to let it go. The reason why
I did not vote for that bill was not that I was
not in favor of a Pacific railroad and would not
have voted for a Pacific railroad bill if it had
been got up according to my ideas of what was
honest and true in such a policy. If the Gov-
ernment had fixed upon an initial point within
its own territory, as near to any State as it saw
fit, and surveyed the line and ascertained it to
be a good line, and that it was feasible and the
best, in the judgment of competent persons, to
make a grand railroad line to the Pacific ocean,
I should have voted for it and for any expend-
iture that was necessary to accomplish it. But
when I saw that the effort was to make three
lines, one north, one central, and one south—
and I presume it never would have been carried
if the southerners had not gone out, so as to let
the extreme southern line break down—and then
when I saw we must make three terminating in
the States, one up somewhere in Iowa, another
through Missouri, and another somewhere else,
I do not exactly know where, but three long
railroads ruuning through the States, taking the
public lands in the States in addition to a grant
of the public money, thus bringing diverse in-
terests together and combining them upon the
principle, " You tickle my toe and I will tickle
your elbow," without much reference to where
the lino should bo for Government purposes,
I regarded it as a mere scheme and bargain,
one that ought not to bo made, and one that I
would not give my assent to under any circum-
stances. So I did not vote for it.
This is the second step in what was attempted
at that time. That was to make three railroads
to the Pacific substantially at the expense of
the Government. The Government has un-
dertaken—for it is substantially that—to make
one great railroad; and we passed a bill the
other day, which I was not in favor of, chan-
ging that measure in some degree so as to run
a parallel line for a considerable distance—a
bill which, it is said, came near being vetoed,
