1916
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
afford relief, it should afford such relief as
justice demands, which is to the-fall extent
that parties may be deficient in their accounts,
provided there has been no neglect or fraud.
1 submit that justice requires, not that every
claim of paymasters should be sent to Con-
gress for adjudication, but that we should by
law establish a board of officers for the pur-
pose of examining all these accounts ; a board
of intelligent and competent men, who should
be authorized to make an allowance to the
Credit of the officer wherever equity and justice
demand it. I desire to submit to the consid-
eration of the Committee on Military Affairs
the propriety of such a measure.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I call the
previous question.
The previous question was not seconded,
there being—ayes 22, noes 74.
Mr. FARNSWORTIL I move that the res-
olution be referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs ; and on that motion I demand the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the motion to refer the resolution
to the Committee on Military Affairs was
agreed to.
paymasters op the abut.
Mr. CONKLING called for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the consideration of House bill No. 475, for
the relief of paymasters of the Army, which
was pending when the morning hour closed
yesterday, the House having refused to second
the demand for the previous question. The
gentleman from New York [Mr. Coxklixg] is
entitled to the floor.
^ Mr. SCHENCK. If the gentleman from
New York will yield to me a moment I desire
to propose 
Mr. CONKLING. I desire to make a prop-
osition myself. Yesterday I unsuccessfully
sought to obtain from the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs an opportunity
to make a suggestion, and by his leave I will
avail myself of the opportunity -wHick- I now
have.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no objection to
the gentleman talking any length of time lie
may desire; but will he not hear me for a
moment?
Mr. CONKLING. I prefer to make a sug-
gestion of my own, and I have a motion to
make with reference to this bill. I ask that
the bill be read.
The Clerk read the bill.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. Speaker, in com-
mon, no doubt, with many other members of
this House, I have received from some of the
gentlemen who have acted as additional pay-
masters statements of the hardship which 1 in-
fer this bill is intended to remedy. From the,
letters of these gentlemen, as well as from the
memorial laid upon our desks this morning, I
infer that the difficulty isthat mispayments and
over-payments have been unavoidably made by
paymasters amid the vicissitudes and disturb-
ances of war. and the object of the Military
Committee was doubtless to relieve these offi-
cers from the difficulties and responsibilities
thus entailed upon them. But, Mr. Speaker,
if I can get the attention of the members of
the Committee on Military Affairs, I desire to
submit to them that this bill as it has now been
amended tails in the first place to accomplish
the object I have suggested, and in the second
place it -provides twice over for what in truth j
it does accomplish. |
Iti provides, in the first place, that one quar-
ter of one per cent, shall be paid to these pay- 1
masters upon all sums which they have dis- j
bursed, the maximum not to exceed $1,000 in j
any one year ; and then, in addition to this, it j
is provided by an amendment proposed by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Sir. SrAi.mxi?. j" that
the accounting officers of the Treasury Depart-
ment shall allow all payments which have been
made in good faith, whether warranted or not.
Then the proviso is offered by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] by which the doc-
trine of offset is to be applied between the
allowance of one per cent, and the stoppages
and discrepancies which appear upon the books.
Now, I think every gentleman will see these
provisions are duplex and unnecessary. I think
they will seethe object demanded by justice of
the House is simply one which will indemnify
honest officers for mistakes which they have
made.
At this point I ask to have read a substitute
which I have for all of this bill after the enact-
ing clause.
The Clerk read, as follows:
That the proper accounting officers of the Treasury
be, and are hereby, authorized and directed, in the
settlement of the accounts of paymasters and addi-
tional paymasters of the Army for disbursements
made by them during the recent war for the suppres-
sion of the rebellion, to allow a credit to said pay-
masters and additional paymasters of all sums which
they may have paid on erroneous muster-rolls which
they had no means or opportunity to verify previous
to the payment thereon, evidence of which lack of
means or opportunity shall be furnished according
to such rules and regulations as shall be prescribed by
such accounting officers.
Mr. CONKLING-. Mr. Speaker, the House
will feel that such an amendment as that has
two merits. In the first place, it avoids the
doctrine of having a graduation of this by a
percentage, which I think the House will see
is most unjust and erroneous itself; for this rea-
son among others: the paymasters who dis-
bursed the largest sums of money in many
instances have been located in the cities, who,
while they paid troops in the field, or destined
for the field, yet have paid them under sucli
circumstances that absolute certainty could
be reached. These men do not need relief;
the disbursements they made are so large that
the one per centage would give them more
than those for whom the bill was designed.
The amendment would avoid that.
In the next place, it would give the account-
ing officers a discretion guarded by suitable
provisions to indemnify—not to compensate,
not to pay, not to favor in any way, but to
indemnify—every paymaster against mistakes
which he has made inadvertently and in good
faith, o-w-ing-to defects in the muster-rolls, the
confusion and obscurity of orders, or to any of
the causes set forth in the memorial laid upon
our desks and in the letters we have received.
All would fall wi! hill the purview of the amend-
ment I have offered. And as there seemed to
be no objection to it on the part of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, I propose to move
before I take my seat that the bill and substi-
tute be referred to that committee.
Mr. SCHENCK. That was the motion I
was going to make.
Mr. COXKLING*: I have no doubt, but I
thought it would not be amiss for other gentle-
men to make suggestions.
Mr. FARXSWORTH. Let it be agreed that
the Committee on Military Affairs shall have
authority to report at any time.
Mr. COXKLiNCr. That, can be done after-
ward, as it requires unanimous consent. I
yield to the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I move to amend by-
providing for quartermasters, commissaries,
and other disbursing officers.
Mr. COXKLING. There are provisions of
law applicable to those which are not applica-
ble to paymasters.
Mr. FARQUITAR. I ask leave only to offer
the amendment. I do not understand that any
similar law has been passed for the officers I
have mentioned. I do not know how the line
of distinction is to be drawn between them and
paymasters
f remember a suggestion of the chairman of
the committee, [Mr. Sciiexck.] that the quar-
termaster and the commissary are protected
by the order of-their superior officers. That
may be the fact in some cases; but I put it to
the distinguished gentleman to know whether
a quartermaster or a commissary on duty is
protected in the disbursements he makes by any
superior officer. And I ask if that large "class
of officers of the regular Army, who disbursed
milions of money during the war, arc not en-
titled to the same protection that paymasters
are to receive by this bill.
A large amount of advance bounties, all of
the expenditures of the Army in the several
States in the organization of all the troops, have
been disbursed, not by paymasters, but by dis-
bursing officers of the regular Army. A largo
proportion of these men were taken from civil
life, just as were the paymasters of the volun-
teer army. They were unacquainted with the
duties of disbursing officers, just as the pay-
masters of the volunteer army were unac-
quainted with the duties of the pay department.
They have gone into the performance of their
duties without that experience of the paymasters
of the regular Army. They have gone into the
performance of that duty, and notwithstanding
some men of ability and general business qual-
ifications have taken these positions, difficulties
have arisen in their disbursements precisely like
those which have arisen among the paymasters,
only greater.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the gentleman
whether the officers of whom he is speaking
are not staff officers, and whether their respon-
sibilities and obligations do not rest on some-
thing entirely different in point of machinery
from that of officers of whom we are speaking.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I admit that in one sense
these disbursing officers may be staff officers,
but they are so simply by being at a post where
there is a commandant, and very often it hap-
pened during the war that the disbursing officer
has been the officer in command himself, and
he was not a staff officer. In the early stages
of the war, at a time when there were no com-
manders of departments in the States that were
not in rebellion, the officer in charge of dis-
bursements at the several posts was himself a
commandant, and therefore he was not. in the
sense in which the gentleman from New Y'ork
[Mr. Coxki.ixo] suggests, a staff officer.
Mr. GARFIELD. Does not the gentleman
recognize this difference in the two, that while
the paymaster is never bound to obey the com-
mander at the post, the quartermaster or com-
missary is ? Therefore, when the order comes
for payment, the quartermaster is bound to pay,
but the paymaster is responsible only to the
law.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I want to call the atten-
tion of the gentleman to the fact that all of the
j advance payments of bounty were paid by the
| disbursing officers and not by the paymasters;
I and that all the expenditures in the several
| States, in the organization of troops or in the
encampments, were paid by the disbursing
officers from the Army and oilier officers de-
tailed from the regular Army. They are
officers, it is true, not under form; no sure-
ties are responsible for them, but thev are
responsible individually. The only difference
between them and paymasters is, that the dis-
bursing officer is individually responsible for
his acts while the paymaster is liable to his
surety. I cannot, therefore, see where the line
of distinction comes in by which the paymas-
ter should be protected and the disbursing
officer should not. It is not my purpose to
interpose objection to (lie pending bill. I
concede the claims of that meritorious ela-'s
of officers for proper relief, but cannot dis-
criminate between them and tho-e named in
my proposed amendment. 1 hope that t-ome
measure mav be adopted affording relief to all.
Mr. CONKLTXG. I will now yield (o mv
colleague, [Mr. Hotciikiss.] who desires to
say a few words.
Mr. 110 LCHKISS. As the lawnow s+ands,
under the. act of the Thirty-Eighth Congress
the accounting officers can settle nil account-;
with the quartermaster and commissary, ex-
cept for moneys paid out bvthem : and it hap-
pens in frequent instances that the commissa-
ries and quartermasters have been robbed of
their vouchers and papers by the en< my. Tn
such cases they have to come to Congress for
relief. The accounting officers have to be
authorized to accept other proof than the ordi-
nary vouchers. This bill contains a general
