1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2877
defendant fail to execute such undertaking the
court may sell the thing attached whenever it
is satisfied that it is the interest of the parties
that it should be sold before final judgment.
The next section provides that from and
after the passage of this act the annual salaries
of the chief justice and associate justices of
the supreme court of the District of Columbia,
instead of the amount now fixed by law, shall
be as follows : for the chief justice $4,500,
and for each of the associate justices $4,000.
Mr. WOODBPJDGE. I will simply state,
for the benefit of the House, that the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary have given this bill a very
careful consideration and recommend its pas-
sage as amended, believing it to be a just and
proper bill. Unless there are some special
objections to it which members desire to state,
I do not propose to discuss it, but will call the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was read the third time
and passed.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ANNA E. WARD
Mr. TAYLOR, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Invalid Pensions, reported
back House bill No. 459, granting a pension
to Anna E. Ward, with the amendment of the
Senate, in which the committee recommend
a non-concurrence.
The amendment of the Senate was read, as
follows:
Insert after the word "month" the words " to com-
mence from and after the passage of this act, and to
continue.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
• Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, by
unanimous consent, from the Committee of
Claims, made adverse reports on the petitions
of Thomas S. Pinger, Thomas Hunt, 'and John
II. Schowler; which were laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
MRS. MARTHA STEVESS.
Mr. STILWELIi. I am directed by the
Committee on Invalid Pensions to report back
Senate bill No. 237, granting a pension to
Mrs. Martha Stevens, with an amendment.
The amendment is to strike out "twenty dol-
lars" and insert "seventeen dollars," being
the amount allowed for a first lieutenant.
The amendment, was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then read the third
time and passed.
Mr. STILVELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MILITARY ACADEMY APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee on Appropri-
ations House bill No. 37, making appropria-
tions for the support of the Military Academy
for the year ending 30th June, 1807, with the
amendments of the Senate to the same.
First amendment:
Strike out " one" and insert " two" in line fifteen,
pose 1, so that it will read:
For increase and expense of library,^2,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Second amendment:
Strike out on page 2, lino twelve, the words "fif-
teen hundred" and insert "ten thousand;" so that
it wi".l read:
'.For repairs of officers' quarters, fc>10,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Third amendment:
Insert on page 2, after line seven, the following :
For rcllooring Academy buildings and barracks,
$<5,000.
For the purchase of fuel for warming mess hall,
shoemaker's and tailor shops, $2,000.
For materials for quarters for subaltern officers,
$3,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fourth amendment:
Strike out on page 2, after the word " dollars," in
line twenty-seven, the following:
Provided, That no part of the sums appropriated
by the provisions of this act shall be expended in
violation of the provisionsof an act entitled "An act
to prescribe an oath of office and for other purposes,"
approved July 2,1882.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence in the amendment.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was non-concurred in.
Fifth amendment:
Add tho following new section:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That no person
who has served in any capacity in the military or
naval service of the so-called confederate States
during the late rebellion shall hereafter receive an
appointment as cadet at the Military or Naval
Academy.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the House
request a committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the
amendments of the Senate to the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
Mr. STEjVENS, from the Committee on Ap-
propriations, reported back bill of the House
No. 255, making appropriations for the con-
struction, preservation, and repair of certain
fortifications and other works of defense for
the year ending June 30,1867, with the amend-
ment of the Senate thereto, with the recom-
mendation that the amendment of the Senate
be non-concurred in.
The amendment of the Senate was read, as
follows:
Page 1, after line seventeen, insert as follows:
For Fort Pophain, Konnebce river, Maine, $50,000.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the House
request a committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the amend-
ment to the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
CLAIM OI' GALES AND SEATON.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Hesohcd, That the Committee of Claims be in-
structed to inquire whether anything, and if so, how
much, is duo to Gales & Scaton for books said to be
contracted tor, and report by bill or otherwise.
AMENDMENT OF NATIONAL BANK ACT.
Oil motion of Mr. DEFREES, byunanimous
consent, the Committee on Banking and Cur-
rency was discharged from the farther considera-
tion of the resolution of the House of the 25th
of January last in regard to an amendment of
the national bank act, and the same was laid
upon the table.
HIRAM PAULDING.
Mr. DODGE, from the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, reported back bill of the House
No. 457, for the relief of Hiram Paulding,
rear admiral United States Navy; which was
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to
be printed.
WILLIAM G. LEE.
Mr. McKEE, byunanimous consent, reported
from the Committee of Claims a bill for the
relief of William G. Lee; which was read a
first and second time, recommitted to the com-
mittee, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ROLLINS. I demand the regular order
of business.
FREEDMEN's BUREAU.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour having
commenced, the House resumes the considera
tion of the bill reported from the Committee
on Freedmen's Affairs (IT. R. No. G13) to con-
tinue in force and to amend an act entitled
"An act to establish a Bureau for the Relief
of Freedmen and Refugees," and for other
purposes.
Mr. ELIOT. I rise forthe purpose of calling
the previous question on the pending amend-
ments and the bill. I suppose the House is
prepared to act upon them, and I ask the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. NIBLACK demanded tellers on order-
ing the main question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Niblack
and Eliot were appointed.
The House divided, and the tellers reported
•—ayes sixty-six, noes not counted.
So the main question was ordered.
Mr. CHANLER. Is it in order to move to
lay the bill upon the table?
"The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. CHANLER. Then I make that motion,
and demand the yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 23, nays 93, not voting
G7 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Bergen, Clianler, Daw-
son. Eidridge, Glossbreimer, Goodyear, Aaron Hard-
ing, Edwin N. Hubbell, James M. Humphrey, Kuy-
kendall, Le Blond, MeCullough, Niblaek, Nicholson,
Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Hitter, Boss, Sitgreavos,
Strous.e. Taylor, and Trimble—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Delos 11.
Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin. Barker,
Baxter, Beaman, Bidwell. Blaine, Bromwell, Buck-
land, Header W. Claike, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cook,
Culloin. Darling, Davis, Dawes, Defrees. Doming,
Dixon, Dodge. Donnelly, Dumont, Ecklcy, Eggleston,
Eliot, Farquhar, Ferry, Garfield, Hale, Abner C.
Harding. Hart, Henderson, Iligby, Holmes, Hooper,
Chester D. Hubbard. Demas Hubbard, John ll.Hub-
bard, James It. Hubbell, .James Humphrey. Inger-
soll, Julian, Kelley, Ketcham, Latham, William
Lawrence, Loan, Longyear, Lynch, i\lar.-ton, Me-
Clurg, McKee, McRuer, Mercur, Moorhead. Morrill,
Moriis, Myers, O'Neill, Orth. Paine, Perham, Pike,
Plants, Price, Raymond, Jonn H. Rice, Rollins,
Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield, Shellabarger, Sloan,
Spalding, Starr, Stevens, Thayer, Trowbridge, Lp-
S011. Burt Van Horn, Ward, Henry D. Wa«hburii,
William B. Washburn, Williams, James F. W ilson,
StephenF. Wilson, and Woodbridge—IK
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Banks, Bemamin,
Binsrham. Blow, Boutwell.Boyer, Brandegec, Broom-
ail, Bundy, Coffroth, Conkling, Culver, Delano, Don-
json, Drigsrs, Farnsworth, Fmok, Grider, Grinnell,
Griswold. Harris, Hayes, Hill, Hogan, Ilotchkiss,
Asahel W. Hubbard, Hulburd, Jenckes, Johnson,
Jones, Ivasson, ICelso, Kerr, Latiin, Geoige V. Law-
rence, Marshall, Marvin, MeTndoe, Miller, Mqnlton,
Newell, Noeli, Patteison, Phelps, Pomeroy, W illiam
II. Randall, Alexander H. Rice, Rogers. Rousseau,
Shanklin, Smith, Stilwcll, Tuber, Francis Thomas,
John L. Thomas, Thornton. Van Aernam, Robert
T. Van Horn, Warner, Elihu B. Wasliburno, Wal-
ker, Yv en (worth, Whaley, Windorn, W infield, and
Weight—67.
So the motion to lay on the table was not
agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Tho first amendment is
one offered by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Davis,] to add a clause at the end of the
second section and to strike out all the re-
maining sections of the bill; but the other
amendments, being to perfect the parts sought
to be stricken out, will be voted upon first.
The first in order is the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Peunsylvania, [Mr. Scofieui.]
The amendment of Mr. Scokield was read,
as follows:
Strike out, all after the word "thein" in section
seven, line nine, as follows: "and shall provide sites
and buildings for pui poses of education whenever
such associations shall, without, cost, to the Govern-
ment, provide suitableteachers and means of instruc-
tion, and ho shall iurnish such protection as may bo
required for the safe conduct of such schools. And
I said property shall be and remain the property of the
! United States until sales thereof shall be authorized
I by law;" and insert in lieu of the woids stiiclsen out
I the words "and afford them all proper pioteetioil:
! so that tho section will road as follows:
I Whereas we recognize the necessity and duty rest-
I ing upon the Government, and resulting from the
condition of freedom, of aiding freedmen to receive
that needful education which oppressive prejudices,
! laws, and customs denied them whenbelain slavery:
li or cforo
Be it further enacted, That the Commissioner of
this buieau shall at all times cooperate with pn-
vatc benevolent associations of citizons m aid ot
freedmen, and with agents and toachcrs, duly ac-
credited and appointed by tlicm, and iiiiord them all
proper protection.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I propose to modify my
