1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
m
Laws of the United States.
39th Ooire....lsT
west corner of said Arlington estate, running
thence westerly along said south line seven
chains and forty links; thence in a northeast-
erly direction, on a line making an angle of
thirty-five degrees with the said south line,
twenty-twochainsandthirty-eightlinks; thence
at right angles, in a southeasterly direction,
fifteen chains and sixty-seven links, to the said
south line of the Arlington estate; thence west-
erly along the said south line of the said Ar-
lington estate nineteen chains and ninety-two
links, to the place of beginning, containing
seventeen acres and fifty-three one hundredths
of an acre of land, be the same more or less,
be, and the same is hereby, released and con-
firmed unto the said Maria Syphax, her heirs
and assigns.
Approved, June 12, 1866.
Chap. CXXV.—An Act for the Relief of Mrs.
Abigail Ryan.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is heTeby, authorized and
directed to place the name of Mrs. Abigail
Ryan, widow of Thomas A. Ryan, late a ser-
geant in company E, seventeenth regiment West
Virginia infantry volunteers, on the pension-
roll, at the rate of eight dollars per month, to
commence from the twenty-seventh day of
March, eighteen hundred and sixty-five, and to
continue during her widowhood.
Approved, June 15, 1866.
Chap. CXXXIIL— An Act for the Relief of
Captain John H. Crowell, Assistant Quarter-
master in the United States Army.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the proper accounting
officers of theTreasury Departmentbe, and they
are hereby, authorized to allow Captain John H.
Crowell, on a settlement of his accounts, a
credit of two hundred and twenty-five dollars,
for so much money disbursed by him to per-
sons in the service of the United States, in pay-
ment for such services, the vouchers for which
payment were'eaptured by the rebels and de-
stroyed in an attack upon the camp at Baton
Rouge, Louisiana, where said John H. Crowell
was stationed, on the fifth day of August, eight-
een hundred and sixty-two, if, on examining
the accounts of said Crowell, the Quartermaster
General shall deem said Crowell justly entitled
to said credit, and shall certify his approval
thereof to said accounting officers.
Approved, June 21, 1866.
Chap. CXXXIV.—An Act for ther Relief of
the Heirs of Lieutenant Joshua D. Todd, late
of the United States Navy, deceased.
Be,it enacted bij the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the proper account-
iug officers of the treasury be, and they arc
hereby, directed to pay to James Todd, admin-
istrator of Joshua D. Todd, late of the United
States Navy, deceased, the pay of a master in
the Navy of the United States, from the sev-
enteenth day of June, eighteen hundred and
forty-four, to the tenth day of August, eighteen
hundred and forty-six, after deducting there-
from theamountalready received by said Joshua
D. Todd, deceased, as passed midshipman,
during said period, and the said sum shall
be paid out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
Aitboved, June 21, 1866.
Chap. CXXXV.— An Act for the Relief of
Jonathan W. Gordon, late Major m the Elev-
enth Regiment of Infantry.
Be it enae'ed by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary ot the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed, in settling the accounts of J. W. Gor-
don, late major in the eleventh regiment of
infantry, to allow him a credit of six. hundred
dollars on account of bounties paid enlisted
men in accordance with the provisions of the
act of July, eighteen hundred and sixty-two,
but before that act went into effect.
Approved, June 21,1866.
Chap. CXXXVL—An Act for the Relief of
Elisha W. Dunn, a Paymaster in the United
States Navy.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the proper account-
ing officers of the United States Treasury be,
and they are hereby, authorized and directed,
in the settlement of the accounts of Elisha W.
Dunn, a paymaster in the United States Navy,
to receive and allow, where theproper vouchers
cannot be obtained, statements verified by his
oath, or such other satisfactory evidence as he
may present, of all expenditures made by him
for the Government, or losses sustained by him
in consequence of the destruction by fire of
the money, papers,, and property of the United
States in charge of the said Elisha W. Dunn,
on board of the United States naval wharf-
boat at Mound City, Illinois, at the burning of
that vessel on the first of June, one thousand
eight hundred and sixty-four.
Approved, June 21, 1866. i
Chap. CXXXYII.— An Act for the Relief of
the Amoskeag Manufacturing Company.
Beit enactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
required to pay to the Amoskeag Manufactur-
ing Company, out of any_money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, the sum of six-
teen hundred and fifty dollars, in full for three
regimental cook-wagons furnished the Govern-
ment in eighteen hundred and sixty-one.
Approved, June 22, 1866.
Chap. CXXXIX.—An Act changing the Name
of Emil Cohen.
Beit enactedby the Senateand Houseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That Emil Cohen, of the
city of Washington, in the District of Colum-
bia, be, and he is hereby, authorized, from and
after the passage of this act, to take and use
the surname of Cornely, and that his name
hereafter be Emil Cornely; and all acts done
and entered into by that name shall have the
same effect and operation in law as if his name
had originally been Emil Cornely, of Washing-
ton, in the District of Columbia.
Approved, June 23,1866.
Chap. CXLV.—An Act to amend an Act en-
titled '-An Act granting a Pension to the
Widow of the late Major General Hiram G.
Berry."
Whereas in the act granting a pension to the
widow of the late Major General Hiram G.
Berry, approved March third, eighteen hundred
and sixty-five, said widow is erroneously called
Eliza Berry : Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be authorized and directed to place the
name of Almira M. Berry, widow of Major
General Hiram G. Berry, on the pension-rolls
instead of Eliza Berry, as provided for by the
act aforesaid.
Approved, June 27,1866.
Chap. CXLVL—An Act for the Relief of Mrs.
Jerusha Witter.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretaiy of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place the name of Mrs. Jerusha
Witter, widow of Doctor Amos Witter, late
surgeon of the seventh regiment Iowa infantry
volunteers, on the pension-roll, .at the rate, of
twenty-five dollars per month, to commence
from the date of her application for a pension,
and to continue during her widowhood. -
Approved, June 27,1866.
Chap. CXLVII.—An Aet for the Benefit of Ira
B. Curtis.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and is hereby, directed to place Ira
B. Curtis on the pension- [rolls] as assistant sur-
geon wholly disabled in the service, at the rate
of seventeen dollars per month, commencing
the twenty-eighth of February, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-six.
Approved, June 27, 1866.
Chap. CXLYIII.—An Act for the Relief of
Jane Harris.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and hereby is, authorized and di-
rected to place the name of Jane Harris, widow
of George H. Harris, late a private in company
I, sixth Iowa cavalry, now deceased, on the
pension-rolls as entitled to a pension at the rate
of eight dollars per month during her widow-
hood, payment to commence from October
twenty-third, one thousand eight hundred and
sixty-three, the date of the death of said George
H. Harris.
Approved, June 27, 1866.
Chap. CXL1X.—An Act granting a Pension
to Mrs. Amarilla Cook.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, directed to place
the name of Mrs. Amarilla Cook, widow of
John B. Cook, late deputy provost marshal of
the sixteenth congressional district of the State
of Ohio, on the pension-roll, at the rate of
seventeen dollars per month, to commence
from the fifth day of March, eighteen hundred
and sixty-five, and to continue during her
widowhood.
Approved, June 27, 1866.
Chap. CL.—An ActgrantingaPeusion to Ben-
jamin Franklin.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
In^rior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place the name of Benjamin 1 rank-
lin, a private in company H, second regiment
Minnesota cavalry volunteers, on the pension-
roll, atthe rate of twenty-five dollars permonth,
to commence from the fifteenth day of January,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six, and to continue
during his natural life.
Approved, June 27, 1866.
Chap. CLI.—An Act granting a Pension to
Mrs. Harriet B. Crocker.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Stales of America in
Conqress assembled, That the Secrciary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby;, authorized and
directed to place the name ot Mrs. Harriet ii.
Crocker, mother of Henry B. Crocker, late a
private in company G, one hundred and ht-
teenth regiment Ohio volunteer infantry, 011 the
pension-roll, at the rate of eight dollars per
month, to commence from the fourth day or
October, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, and
to continue during her widowhood.
Approved, June 27,1866.
