1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
by the Governor of Virginia, to the date of the
muster out of his regiment.
Mr. GRIMES. What is that bill?
Mr. CLARK. I am inquired of by the Sen-
ator nearest me what this bill is, or what it i
means. Captain Patterson was commissioned
by Governor Peirpoint, of the State of Virginia,
to raise a regiment of cavalry for the Union
Army. Ho proceeded to raise his regiment and
repaired to Winchester, where he supposed he
would be mustered in, hut found no mustering
officer there, and was very soon after taken
prisoner with Milroy's command and carried to
a rebel prison and kept there twenty-two months,
and was unable to get any pay whatever. The
committee think he should be paid. It was not
his fault that he was not mustered, but the fault
of the Government.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
post 710ad3.
Mr. DIXON. I now move that the Senate
Sroceed to consider the amendments of the !
[oumj of Representatives to the amendments
■ of the Senate to the bill (H. It. No. CI) to estub- !
lish certain post roads.
The motion was agreed to.
The amendments of the House of Represent-
atives were to insert under the heads of the
respective States and Territories the following
specified routes:
In Indiana: . _., ,
From Moniencc, Illinois, via Beaver Lake JMoh,
Stringham's Point, and Pilot Grove, all in Newton
County, Indiana, to Adriance, Indiana.
1'iom Pulton, via Millviilo, to Keenawa.
In Colorado:
Fiom Central City, via Georgetown, to Argentine.
From (Sold Dirt lo South Uoiiliier.
From -Denver, via Blount v ernon and laalio, to
Empire City.
In aska:
From West Point, Camming county, to Rock Creek,
in pciuI cf'Unty, ten mxlvs _
Fiom Pawner City, via Fricccs Mills, Nebraska, lo
Scneei), in Kan«n«. , . .
Froui Dakota City, via West Point, to Columbus.
Froia jQiownsvillo, Nebraska, to llockport, ALis-
S°From Bis Sanday, Jones county, to Rose Creek, j
Kuekolb county. , . , ,
From Piatumouth. via Glcndale, South Pond, Aih- (
land, Salt Creek. Hock Creek, Lancaster, valine Uty, ,
Saltillo, Ccntervillo, 01i\ e Lranch, Clatona, to iica ,
t! From Plattsmouth, via Eight Mile Grove, lo Veep- j
inpn)m'l)ecatur. via Logan Vallcy.Wost Point, Saint ;
Charles, and .Fulapa. to fc'ieraont.
From Dc iSoto, via Anzoma, to Decatur.
The road from South Xew Berlin, in the county of
Chenango, to Morris, in the county oi OUcjro, in tno
State of*3Iew Vork, is hereby declared to be a pos,.
road.
The Committee on Post OGices and_ r ost
Roads reported in favor of concurring in toe
amendments of the House of Representatives
with amendments, to insert the following ad-
ditional routes:
From Carson, by way of Ophir, Washoe City and
Steamboat Springs, to Ilujlaker s hanch, all in JSe-
V<From lone, by way of Canon City, to Austin, all in
KFr',i'n"'Ar,stin to Cortei, in Xevada. . ,
From Austin, byway of Kindlon .Twin ai.ei. and
San Antonio Putrid, to filvei I eak, a m ia.
From Virginia, by way of Ni'-ijm-uto JJi-liict
Vnionville, Star, Dunglen, and 1 aradisc Vdkj,
Nevada, to Boise City, m Idaho.
From Humboldt, Kansas, via Osage, Catholic Mis-
sion and Chotopa. to Loit (Tibt-on. ,
From Pioi-a:it Hill, Mi^yuri, via Bloounngnn c,
t0rSm'vS MK Kansas, via Belmont, to Syra-
°S J^™via Mill Creek, Dayton Slaple-
ton, and Bint Mound", to tGrovc
Fiom Vordi-n^}' ails, via \irgil, tullcasaiufcio\e.
From X^nia to Walnut Ilills.
xS"ha F-UlV'via Mount Airv, to Liberty, in
Tf£|ES: via Madison Shell Bock. Peasant
Grove aiul Post Oak, to l«ort Hoe.
From Otmiowa. via Mau^on, Janesvilli, tiui.k«t
and Barley's ^IilU,.to b'ut ypnn^. ^ p
T.V,mi Vnnorin via Saosho liimds. b.ic amt iyx
Mentv, Greenwood, Ottawa, and Paola. to Harrison-
ViFi om Ottawa, via J ame- Carroll's. Jackson Mark s,
Winchester, and
Easton, to Leavenworth.
From Lawrence, via Oskaloosa, to Grasshopper
Fa lb.
From Perryville. (located on the route of the Union
Pacific railroad,) via Oskaioosa and ftaston, to Leav-
enworth.
Maine:
Woodrnas's Depot to New Gloucester, Upper
Gloucester. West Gloucester, and North Raymond,
in Cumberland county.
Poland to Woat Poland, in Androscoggin county.
Porter, via North Parsonsficld, Parsonfield, and
North Newfield, to West Newfield, in York county.
North Acton, Maine, via Wakefield, to Union, New
Hampshire.
Iowa: .
From Chariton, Lucas county, via Garden Grove,
to Leon. ,
From MarshalHown, via Vienna, Wolf Grove, Fif-
teen-Mile Grove, and Grundy Center, to New Hart-
Fr'om Decorah to Helper, in Winnesheik county.
From West Mitchell, in Mitchell county, by Plym-
outh and Mason City, to Clear Lake, m tcrro Gordo
county.
Minnesota:
From Paynesville. by Norway Lake, to feix-Mue
Timber, on Chippeway river.
Washington Territory:
From Walluia, by Antoino Plants, Peru, D Orvillc
Lake, and Hell Gate, to Helena, Montana Territory.
Oregon: .
From Dalles City, on the Columbia river, to Uma-
tilla, in Umatilla county.
From Umatilla, by Le Grand, m Union county,'to
Baker City, in Baker county.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on agreeing to these amendment*, reported
from the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
Mr. DIXON. I propose to amend the amend-
ments in line thirty, page 7. under the head
of " Kansas,' by btrikmg outthe words, " From
Emporia, via Neosho Rapids, 1 and inserting,
•' Enterprise, via Ottumwa."
Mr. CLARK. That is an amendment in the
third degree, and can only be made by unani-
mous consent. Probably there will be no ob-
jection to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be considered as made by unanimous
consent if there be no objection. It is an amend-
! ment in the third degree and not strictly in
order. ,
Mr. DIXON. There are some routes that
have been omitted by the committee that I now
propose to add. On page 7, after hne thirty-
two. under the heail oi " Kansas, I move to
addi "From Council Grove to Marion Center."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thatamend-
ment will be made if there be 110 objection.
Mr. DIXOX. On page 8, after line fHty-six,
under the head of Iowa. ' I roo\ e to inseit,
From Postvillo, via Lybrand and Ludlow, to
Waukon, in Ahimnkee eountv.''
The PRESIDING OFFICER.. By unani-
mous consent that amendment will be made.
Mr. DiXOX. At ihe end of the amendment
i'fji")orte11 bv llie committee 1 mo\e to insert,
■ Michigan: From Coopcrsvillo
Mansiicld
Mills, Ravenna. Sloenm's Grove, Whitney's
Mills, and Moreland. to Squier's Ferry."
The PRESIDING OFF 1CER. Ihat amend-
ment v/iil be made it there be no objection. Ihe
question is now on agreeing to the amendments
reported from the Committee on Post Olnoes and
i Post Road, to the amendments oi the House,
j The amendments to the amendments were
i "The amendments of the House of Represent-
! atives, as amended, were concur:ed in.
I land 'l'l'ii.rs ix tax ru.vsfiero.
'! V;r HARRIS. 1 move that the Senatepro-
|i eee'd to the consideration of Senate bid No. «3.
i! jlie motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
h as in Commiltee of the Yvhole, puocecdcd to
i! consider rhe bill lS. No. 03.) to quiet the tide
!l to ccrtain lands within the coiporate limns ot
i: the citv of San Francisco. It proposes to re-
'i linuui4i and grant all the nght and title of the
!! United States lo the land ciuiated v,ithin tne
I: corporate limits of the city of San hraneisco
;i in the State of California, eonfimed to theeitj
" of San Ih-aueisco bv the decree of tne circuit
! court of the United States for the northern dis-
': trict of California, entered on t ne Rtn ot iiaj,
'■ lf0">, to ihe citv of San Francisco and its suc-
ii cessors. and to confirm the claim of the city to
II the land, subject, however, to the reservations
and exceptions designated in that.decree, and
upon the following trusts, namely, that all the
land, not heretofore granted to the city, shall
be disposed of and conveyed by the city to par-
ties in its bona fide actual possession, by them-
selves or tenants, on the passage of this bill, ia
such quantities and upon such terms and con-
ditions as the Legislature of the State of Cali- _
fornia may proscribe, except such parcels as
may be reserved and set apart by ordinance of
the city for public uses; but the relinquishment
and grant by this bill is not to interfere with or
prejudice any valid adverse right or claim, if
,-nch exist, to the land or any part of it, whether
derived from Spain, Mexico, or the United
States, or preclude its judicial examination and
adjustment.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives. by Mr. McPiieeso\', its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed the
enrolled joint resolution (S. R. No. 90) author-
izing an increase of the clerical force in the
Post Office Department; which thereupon re-
ceived the signature of the President pro tem-
pore of the Senate.
EXECUTIVE SESSION'.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, theSonate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive busi-
ness ; and after some time spent therein, the
doors were reopened, andtheSenateadjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 15, I860.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Bo ynton".
The Journal of yesterday was read ana
approved.
POSTAGE STAMPS VNBSTVAIPIiD ENVELOPES.
The SPEAKER stated the first business in
order to be the consideration of House bill No.
j 2'JO, relative to the sale of postage stamps and
! stamped envelopes on credit, reported yester-
day from the Committee on ihe Post Office and
Post Roads. .
Mr. WASI-IBURNE. of Illinois. Has the
morning hour commenced?
The SPEAKER. It. has. The bill was or-
dered to be printed yesterday, but has not yet
reached the House.
"WAR DDBT OI? THE SEVERAL STATES.
Mr. SPALDING, by uuanimous consent, pre-
sented joint resolutions of the State ot Ohio,
relative to the assumption by the General Gov-
ernment of the war debt of the several States 5
which were referred to the select committee on
the war debt of the loyal States, and ordered to
be printed. .
Mr. SPALDING asked that the resolutions
be road in extenso.
Mr HARDING, of Illinois, objected, and
called for the regular order of business.
rOST OETICE APPllOPIlIATXOX BILL.
Mr. KASSON. Is it in order, Mr. Speaker,
to introduce a bill from the Committee on Ap-
1 pvooriationsfor the purpose nf having it printed?
| "fhe SPEAKE it. It is in order at any time.
I Mr. KASSON. Then I report the following
i! biff from that committee : a biihmikiag appro-
ji nidations for the service of the ro.-t Oflice De-
:i partment during the fiscal year ending the 80th
j! of June. 18G7, and for other purposes. And 1
i'i move that it be printed and made the special
I! order for this dav week after the morning hour.
Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois. I.dc-sire to
ask whether there is anything in this bill 111 the
shape of legislation? If there is, I shall have
to raise a question of order..
Mr. IvASSON. I will simply say. to avoid
anv question about it. that in the last section,
in 'compliance with the request ot the I ostinas-
ter General, he has the privilege of transimt-
' ting the mails by sailing vessels where it is
i necessary.
