2878
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
amendment by inserting instead of the words 'j
"and afford them all proper protection'' the
following: j
And shall hire or provide by lease buildings for j
purpose* of education whenever such association
shall, without cost to the Government, provide suit- !
able teachers and means of instruction, and ho shall
furnish such protection as may be required for the ,
jafe conduct of such schools.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, is it in '
order for the gentleman to modify his amend-
ment after the previous question has been .
seconded? |
The SPEAKER. The amendment cannot ;
be modified, except by unanimous consent,
after the previous question has been seconded.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object to the modifi-
cation.
Mr. SCOFIELD, Oh, let this come in.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. You call the previous
question on us, and then ask me to let this
come in. I insist on my objection.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Scofield, it was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the previous question
was seconded.
The SPEAKER. That cannot be done after
the House has commenced executing it. It is
stated on page 113 of the Digest that'' it is not
in order to move a reconsideration of the vote
on ordering the main question when it is partly
executed."
The question recurred upon the amendment
offered by Mr. Shellararger, which was read
as follows:
Add at the end of section six tho following:
Provided, That nothing in this act contained shall
be construed to affect the right of any person to re-
cover in the proper courts any title or right of pos-
session which such person may have in any of the
lands held under said field order.
So that the section will read:
That when ever the former owners of lands occupied
under General Sherman's field order, dated at Savan-
nah, January 16,1865, shall apply for restoration of
said lands, the Commissioner shall refuse the surren-
der of the same: Provided, That nothing in this aet
contained shall be construed to affect the right of any
person to recover in the proper courts any title or right
of possession which such person may have in any of
the lands held under said field order.
Mr. ELIOT. There is no objection to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment of
Mr. Davis, which was read, as follows:
At the end of section two add tho following:
And the powers conferred and the duties enjoined
by the act hereby amended shall be applicable to all
persons named or referred to in this section; and all
acts or parts of acts inconsistent with the provisions
of this act are hereby repealed.
So that the section will road:
That the supervision and care of said bureau shall
extend to all loyal refugees and freedmen, so far as
the sameshall be necessary to enable them as speedily
as practicable to become self-supporting citizens of the
United States, and to aid them in making the free-
dom conferred by proclamation of the Commander-
in-Chief, by emancipation under the laws of States,
and by constitutional amendment, available to them
and beneficial to the Republic. And the powers con-
ferred and the duties enjoined by the aet hereby
amended, shall be applicable to all persons named
or referred to in this section; and all acts or parts of
acts inconsistent with the provisions of this act are
hereby repealed.
Strike out all the remaining sections of the bill.
Mr. DAVIS. I call for the yeas and nays
on this amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 35, nays 86, not voting
62 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.Ancona, Delos R.Ashley, Bergen,
Cbanler, Darling. Davis, Dawson, Eldridge, Gloss-
brenner, Goodyear, Grider, Hale, Aaron Ilarding,
Hogan, Edwin N. Hubbell, James M. Humphrey,
KuykendaU, Latham, La Blond, Marvin, MeCul-
lough, Niblack, Nicholson,Radford, Samuel J.Ran-
dall, Raymond, Ritter, Ross, Sitgreaves, Stilwell,
Strouse, Taylor, Trimble, Henry D. Washburn, and
Whaley—35.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, James
M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Bid-
well, Blaine, Bromwell, Buekland, Reader W, Clarke,
Sidney Clarke. Cobb, Cook. Cullom, Defrees. Deming,
Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly, Dumont, Eekley, Eggleston,
Eliot, Farquhar, Ferry, Garfield, Hart, Henderson,
Higby, Holmes, Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester
D. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, John H. Hubbard,
James R. Hubbell, Ingersoll, J enckes, Julian, Kelley,
George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Loan, Loug-
year, Lynch, McClurg, McKee, McRuer, Mercur,
Moorhead, Morris, Myers, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Pat-
terson, Perham, Pike, Plants, Priee, Alexander H,
Rico, John H. Rice, Rollins, Sawyer, Schenek, Seo-
fiehl, Shellabarger, Sloan, Spalding, Starr, Stevens,
Thayer, Francis Thomas, Trowbridge, Upson, "Van
Aevnam, Burt Van Horn, Waul. William B. Wash-
burn, Wclker, Williams, James !\ Wilson, and Ste-
phen F. Wilson—S<5.
NOTVOTING—Messrs. Alley, Banks, Barker.Bcn-
nell. Ui'iswoUt, AbnerC. Harding, Harris, llaves, Hill,
Hotchkiss. Ilulburd,' James Humphrey, Johnson,
Jones, Kasson, KcNo. Kerr, ICetcham, Lafhn, Star-
shall, JIarston, Mclndue, Miller, Mornll, Moulton,
Newell, Noell, Phelps, Povnciov, William 11. Randall,
Rogers, Rousseau, Shanklin, Smith, Tabor, John L.
Thomas, Thornton, Robeit T. Van Horn, Warner,
Elihu li. Washburne, Wentworth, Wmdom, Wm-
ficld, Woodbridge, and Wright—62.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
During the vote,
Mr. NIBLACK stated that liis colleague, Mr.
Kerr, was detained from the House by illness.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, stated that Messrs.
Wisdom. Coxklixg, and Hotchkiss were ab-
sent, by order of the House, taking testimony.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time, and demand
the previous question. I do it in order to give
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Sco-
field] an opportunity to offer his amendment.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the motion to reconsider was
agreed to.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to strike out all after
the word "them" in the ninth line, section
seven, and in lieu thereof to insert the follow-
Andshall hire or provide liy lease buildings for pur-
poses of education whenever such association shall,
without cost to the Government, provide suitable
teachers and means of instruction, and bo shall fur-
nish such protection as may be required for the safe
conduct of such schools.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, demanded the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. LE BLOND. I would inquire whether
the Government is to buy the school-houses
for the schools.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The amendment provides
that, instead of buying sites and erecting build-
ings, they may temporarily hire buildings to
be occupied by teachers to be furnished by
private benevolent associations.
Mr. LE BLOND. Does not the amendment
contemplate that sites are to be purchased by
the Government?
Mr. ELIOT. No, sir ; just the opposite.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. ELIOT demanded the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 96, nays 32, not vot-
ing 55; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Delos R.
Ashley, Jame3 M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks,
Baxter, Beaman, Bidwell, Blaine, Bromwell, Buek-
land, Reader W.Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb,Cook,
Cullom, Dawes, Defrees, Deming, Dixon, Dodge.
Donnelly, Dumont, Eckley, Eggleston, Eliot, Farqu-
har, Ferry, Garfield, Abner C. Harding, Hart, Hen-
derson, Higby, Holmes,Hooper, Asahel W.Hubbard,
Chester D. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, John H. Hub-
bard, James R. Hubbell, Ingersoll, Jenekes, Julian,
Kelley, Latham, George V. Lawrence, William Law-
rence, Loan, Loneyear, Lynch, Marston, McClurg,
McKee, McRuer, Mercur, Moorhead, Morrill, Morris,
Myers,O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Patterson, Perham, Pike,
Plants, Price, Alexander H.Rice, John H.Rice, Rol-
lins, Sawyer, Sehenek, Seofield, Shellabarger, Sloan,
Starr, Stevens, Stilwell, Thayer, Franeis Thomas,
Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn,
Ward, Henry D. Washburn, William B. Washburn,
Welker, Whaley, Williams, James F.Wilson, Stephen
F. Wilson, arid Woodbridge—96.
NAYS—Messrs. Aneona, Bergen, Chanler, Darling,
Davis, Dawson, Eldiidge, Glossbrenncr, Goodyear,
(inder. Hale, Aaron Harding. Hogan, EdwinN. Hub-
bell, James M. Humphrey, Kuykendall, Lc Blond,
Marshall, Marvin. McCullougli. Niblack, Nichol-
son, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Raymond, Rit-
ter. Ross, Sitgreaves, Strouse, Taylor, Trimble, and
Wright—3'2.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Barker, Benjamin,
Bingham. Blow. Boutwell. lioyer, Brand ogee, JJroom-
ull.Bumly, Cotfroth, Colliding, Culver,Delano, Den-
ton. Drnrgs, Farnswoith, Fmcli, Grinncll, Griswold,
Harris, Hayes, Hill, Hotchkiss, Ilulburd, James
Humphrey, Johnson, Jones, Kasson, Kelso, Kerr,
Ketcham, Laflin, Mclndoe, Miller, Moulton, Newell,
Noell, Phelps, Pomeroy,William 11. Randall, Rogers,
Rousseau, Shanklin, Smith, Spalding, Taber, John
L. Thomas, Thornton, Robert T. Van Horn, Warner,
Elihu B. Washburne,Wentworth,Windom, and Win-
field—55.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed a bill (S. No. 342) for the relief of Ira
B. Curtis, in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House.
appointments to military academy.
On motion of Mr. SCHENCK, by unanimous
consent, joint resolution of the Senate No. 136,
relative to appointments to the Military Acad-
emy of the United States, was taken up from
the Speaker's table, the amendments of the
Senate non-concurred in, and a committee of
conference asked.
railroad in missouri and arkansas.
On motion of Mr. CULLOM. by unanimous
consent, Senate bill No. 223, to revive and
extend the provisions of an act granting the
right of way and making a grant of land to the
States of Arkansas and Missouri to aid in the
construction of a railroad from a point upon ■
the Mississippi opposite the mouth of the Ohio
river, via Little Rock to the Texas boundary,
near Fultbn, in Arkansas, with brandies to Fort
Smith and the Mississippi river, approved Feb-
ruary 9,1853, and for other purposes, was taken
from the Speaker's table, read a first, and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
john a. c0an.
On motion of Mr. McKEE, by unanimous
consent, the papers in the case of John A. Coan
were withdrawn from the files of the Committee
of Claims, copies of the same being left.
reconstruction.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour having
expired, the first business in order is House
bill No. 543, which was made the special order
for this day after the morning hour, being a bill
to restore to the States lately in insurrection
their full political rights.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Unless the mem-
bers of this Congress who represent the loyal
people of this country approach the propo-
sition before us, providing for the restoration
of the late rebel States, in a proper spirit and
with mutual concessions, I fear we shall fail to
accomplish the great work committed to our
hands. I desire to approach its consideration
with charity for all and malice toward none.
I know that I approach it in a forgiving spirit
and with a thankful heart. With thankful-
ness, because the din of war has been hushed
and the national conflagration extinguished.
In a forgiving spirit, because I know how
much there is to be forgiven if we would re-
unite dissevered and broken ties, secure the
perpetual unity of the nation, and bind up its
millions of bleeding and broken hearts.
In all the votes which I have given or may
give on the propositions for reconstruction, in
all I have said or may say, I shall keep steadily
in view the one great desire of my heart, which
outweighs and overshadows all others, and
before which the petty schemes of parties and
of men dwindle into insignificance and appear
