3838
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
public credit and for the Treasury, if there is a
thing to be done that gentlemen want done,
they are not content to defer to the condition
of the Treasury. They differ from me, as they
have a right to do. I shall be happy to know,
if these things are done, that they are done
right, and that I have been behind the age, old
fogied, not np to the requirements of the time,
and Eeally was mistaken in tlie views that I
entertained; but I fear that it may not be so.
if it turns out to be so, it will be like some
other things in our country; because this is
a country of great surprises ; it disappoints
everybody; everything seems to turn out here
differently from common experience the world
over, owing to our energy and our power and
- the peculiarities that are connected with us. I
hope it may be so in this case, but I fear, and
while I fear as much as I do in reference to this
matter I cannot consent to vote for a bill of
this kind. Nothing but necessity, the belief
of a necessity, would ever induce me to vote
io conncct the Government with speculations
of this sort. I think our Government was not
made for any such purpose. It was made more
for tt>e purpose of developing the energies of
the men who are in it, so far as it had anything
of that sort to do, than of aiding to do it by
money, letting them alone and letting private
enterprise, guided by intelligence such as we
have, go ahead and open the resources of the
country. I believe that we shall do more harm
than we shall good, as a general rule, and that
the money will be wasted, when we undertake
to take all this business out of the hands of the
people and apply thefunds of the Government,
paid in by the people for other purposes, to
projects of this description, unless they are at
the time necessary for the purposes of the Gov-
ernment itself.
For these reasons I shall vote against this
bill, either at this session or any other until, I
was about to say, a sufficient time has elapsed
to render it neccssary; but when that time
arrives I shall not be here.
PEEEDJIUN'S BUREAt VETO MESSAGE.
The following message was received from the
House of Representatives, by Mr. McPhekson,
its Clerk:
Mr. President, I am directed to inform the Senate
that, the President of the TJnited States having re-
turned to the House of Representatives in which it
originated the bill (H. R. >o. 013) entitled " An act
to continue in force and io amend an act to establish
a Bureau for the Relief of Freedmen and Refugees,
and for other purposes," with his objections thereto,
the Hoti'sof Representatives proceeded in pursuance
of the Constitution toreconsider the same, and have
passed said bill by a vote of two thirds of tho House.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of the Freedmen's
Bureau bill returned with the objections of the
President.
Mr. HOWARD. I will consent to that
very cheerfully, provided the bill which I now
have in charge is not displaced in consequence.
I am willing to lay it aside informally for the
purpose of taking up the measure alluded to
by the Senator from Massachusetts, but I should
not like to have the bill lose its place.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is it the object of the
honorable member from Massachusetts to have
the subject of the veto message disposed of
to-day?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. JOHNSON. To take the vote to-day ?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir. The House lriive
acted on it.
Mr. JOHNSON. The House may do a great
many things that we will not do. I have not
seen the message, do not know what it is.
Mr. SUMNER and Mr. TRUMBULL. It
will be read.
Mr. JOHNSON. It will be read, of course;
but I do not see any particular occasion for
pressing this more than another veto message
which has been upon our table for the last two
months.
Mr. WILSON. Well, let us take the vote.
Mr, JOHNSON. I ask whether this is a
privileged question, or whether a Senator has
a right to object to the consideration of it now.
I only, want to have it put off until to-morrow,
to look at it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It has no
priority over other questions unless by the vote
of the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON. I object, then, and move
that it be postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I presume that the Sen-
ator frofll.Maryland has no objection to having
the message read.
Mr. JOHNSON. None in the world.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Wo can take it up and
have it read; and afterward, if wo think proper
not to consider it now, that is another ques-
tion. The other day, I recollect, when a mes-
sage came in, it was insisted that it should be
read that day, and I think we staid here to a
very late hour one day to have it read.
Mr. JOHNSON. But, as well as I recollect,
my friend from Illinois thought it ought not to
be read and need not be read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No; I never insisted
that it ought not to be read. We have always
read such messages.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not think you insisted
upon its being read; at any rate you acquiesced
in what the Senate did. 1 have not the slight-
est objection to its being read now, unless the
reading of it so brings it before the Senate
that it must be considered to-day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is necessarily before
the Senate, of course.
Mr. JOHNSON. What I desire is that the
message be printed, and that we dispose of it
to-morrow. It'will make very little difference,
so far as the measure itself is concerned,
whether it is disposed of now or disposed of
to-morrow; but I think it is due to those who
have not seen the message—and I suppose
none of the Senators have seen it—that they
should have an opportunity of considering it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There being
a bill Before the Senate, no other subject can
be taken up, except by "unanimous consent.
Mr. WILSON. I move to postpone the pres-
ent bill and all other business in order to take
up the message from the House of Representa-
tives communicating the veto.
The motion was agreed to.
The action of the House of Representatives
was read.
Several Senators. Now let the veto mes-
sage be read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mes-
sage of the President of the United States,
returning House bill No. 613 will be read,
with his objections.
The Secretary read the message, as follows:
To the House of Representatives;
A careful examination of the bill passed by
the two Houses of Congress entitled "An act
to continue in force and to amend an act to
establish a Bureau for the Relief of Freedmen
and Refugees, and for other purposes,'' has con-
vinced me that the legislation which it proposes
would not be consistent with the welfare of the
country, and that it falls clearly within the
reasons assigned in my message of the 19 th of
February last, returning without my signature,
a similar measure which originated in the Sen-
ate. It is not my purpose to repeat the objec-
tions which I then urged. They are yet fresh
in your recollection, and can be readily exam-
ined as a part of the records of one branch of
the national Legislature. Adhering to the prin-
ciple set forth in that message, I now reaffirm
them, and the line of policy therein indicated.
The only ground upon which this kind of
legislation can be justified is that of the war-
making power. The act of which this bill was
intended as amendatory was passed during the
existence of the war. By its own provisions it
is to terminate within one year from the cessa-
tion of hostilities and the declaration of peace.
It is therefore yet in existence, and it is likely
that it will continue in force as long as the
freedmen may require the benefit of its pro-
visions. It will certainly remain in operation
as a law until some months subsequent to the
meeting of the next session of Congress, when.
if experience shall make evident the necessity
of additional legislation, the two Houses will
have ample time to mature and pass the requi-
site measures. In the mean time the questions
arise, why should this war measure be contin-
ued beyond the period designated in the origi-
nal act; and why, in time of peace, should
military tribunals be created to continue until
each " State shall bo fully restored in its con-
stitutional relations to the Government, and
shall be duly represented in the Congress of
the United States?" It was manifest, with
respect to the act approved March 3,1805, that
prudence and wisdom alike required that juris-
diction over all cases concerning the free enjoy-
ment of the immunities and rights of citizen-
ship, as well as the protection of person and
property, should be conferred upon some tri-
bunal in every State or district where the ordi-
nary course of judicial proceeding was inter-
rupted by the rebellion, and until the same
should be fully restored. At that time, there-
fore, an urgent necessity existed for the passage
of some such law. Now, however, the war has
substantially ceased; the ordinary course of
judicial proceedings is no longer interrupted;
the courts, both State and Federal, are in full,
complete, and successful operation, and through
them every person, regardless of race and color,
is entitled to and can be heard. The protec-
tion granted to the white citizen is already con-
ferred by law upon the freedmen ; strong and
stringent guards, by way of penalties and pun-
ishments, are thrown around his person and
property, and it is believed that ample protec-
tion will be afforded him by due process of law,
without resort to the dangerous expedient of
"military tribunals," now that the war has
been brought to a close.
The necessity no longer existing for such
tribunals, which had their origin in the war,
grave objections to their continuance must pre-
sent themselves to the minds of all reflecting
and dispassionate men. Independently of the
danger in representative republics of confer-
ring upon the military in time of peace extraor-
dinary powers—so carefully guarded against
by the patriots and statesmen of the earlier
days of the Republic, so frequently the ruin of
Governments founded upon the same free prin-
ciple, and subversive of the rights and liber-
ties of the citizen, the question of practical
economy earnestly commends itself to the con-
sideration of the law-making power. With an
immense debt already burdening the incomes
of the industrial and laboring classes, a due
regard for their interests, so inseparably con-
nected with the welfare of the country, should
prompt us to rigid economy and retrenchment,
and influence us to abstain from all legislation
that would unnecessarily increase the public
indebtedness. Tested by this rule of sound
political wisdom, I can see no reason for the
establishment of the "military jurisdiction"
conferred upon the officials of the bureau by
the fourteenth section of the bill.
By the laws of the United States, and of the
different States, competent courts, Federal and
State, have been established and are now in
full practical operation. By means of these
civil tribunals, ample redress is afforded for
all private wrongs, whether to the person or the
property of the citizen, without denial or unne-
cessary delay. They are open to all, without
regard to color or race. I feel well assured
that it will be better to trust the rights, privi-
leges, and immunities of the citizen to tribunals
thus established, and presided over by compe-
tent and impartial judges, bound by fixed rules
of law and evidence, and where the right of
trial by jury is guarantied and secured, than
to the caprice and judgment of an officer of the
bureau, who, it is possible, may be entirely
ignorant of tho principles that underlie the just
administration of tho law. There is danger,
too, that conflict of jurisdiction will frequently
arise between the civil courts and these military
tribunals, each having concurrent jurisdiction
over the person and the cause of action—the
one judicature administered and controlled by
civil law, the other by the military. How is
