18 GO.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
855"
on hero to find some recognition of the differ-
ence between him and the rebels in North
Carolina at the hands of the loyal men of this
Congress. And the inquiry I wish to make of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania is, whether
officially-, as a itepresentative m Congress, he
has made any distinction between him and
rebels from North Carolina.
Mr. KELLEY. Yes, sir; yes, sir; but I
have not made that distinction which would
require me to prostrate the Constitution of iny
country or to prostitute my office.
Mr. DAWES. What is the official distinc-
tion he has made?
Mr. ALLEjL. I must decline to yield fur-
ther. I yielded for a question, and not for a
general discussion.
Sovr, a single word in reply to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania. I do not know how it may
be in regard to the statement which he has
made; I presume it is so in the ease to which
he alludes; I am willing to take his word for
it. I only know this, that as chairman of the
Post Office Committee I have received innu-
merable letters from all parts of the South,
from loyal men, judging from the expressions
of sentiment in (heir letters, imploring Con-
gress to take some action in this matter, to
grant them additional facilities. In two or three
instances I have received letters from the South,
from men whom 1 have known in former years,
who are as radical and as strongly Union as
the gentleman from Pennsylvania himself, and
they implored Congress to do something toward
granting them additional mail facilities.
Now, ilr. Speaker, it was desired by the House
last evening that this bill should be printed that
they might have it before them, to reflect upon
it. and look into it. and as it has but just come
from the printer, and no opportunity has been
given for its examination, if it is the wish of
the House I am willing that it shall be post-
poned to a future day.
Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois. I suggest
to the gentleman from Massachusetts that he
refei the bill to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, where we can dis
cuss and amend it section by section.
Mr. KASSON. I hope, before the gentle-
man calls the previous question, he will allow
an amendment to come in. I think we can
vote on it now. It consists of only one section.
Mr. KELLEY. I hope the gentleman from
Massachusetts will let the bill go over for de-
bate in some form. I want to vindicate the
reallv loval men of the South against the asper-
sions" which lie has east upon them for the want
of proper information. I know he would not
do them wrong for the world.
Mr. DAWES. I hope my colleague will give
the gentleman from Pennsylvania that oppor-
tunity.
Mr. KUYKENDALL. I think we may as
well decide the matter now as at any other time.
Mr. ALLEY. I move that the further con-
sideration of the bill be postponed until this
day fortnight.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
refer the bill to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The motion to postpone
takes precedence of the motion to refer.
Mr. ALLEY. I demand the previous ques-
tion on my motion.
Mr. WASHBL UNE, of Illinois. If that mo-
tion shall be voted down, will not a motion to
refer the bill to the Committee of the M hole on
the state of the Union be in order?
The SPEAKER. It will be. The previous
question exhausts itself on the motion to post-
pone.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I move to lay
the bill upon the table.
Mr. F1NCK. I call for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 30, nays 108, not voting
44; ilS follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Baker, Banks, Beaman,Benjamin,
Broomall, Sidney Claike, Cook, Deming, Donnelly,
Abner C. Hardin?, Hart, Hill, Asahel W. Htibbard,
Hulburd, William.Lawrence,Loan, MeClurg, McKee,
NAl'b—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, xYndcrson,
Baldwin, Baxter, Beigen, Bidwell, Blaine, Boutwcll,
Boyer, Biomwel!, Brooks, Buckland. Chanter, Cobb,
Conklins, Callom, Darling-, Davis, Dawes, Dawson,
Harris, Hayes, Henderson, Hisbv, Ilogan, Holmes,
Hooper, Ilotchkiss, Chester D. Hubbaid, Demas Hub-
bard, John H. Hubbard, James R. Hubbell, James
Humphrey, James M. Humphrey, Inaersoll, Jcnekcs,
Johnson, Julian, Kasson, ICelley, Kerr, Kctcham,
Kuykendoll, Latham, George V. Lawrence, LeBlond,
-Marvin, MeCulloush, Meltuer, Miller, Morris, Nib-
lack, NichoLon, O'Neill, l'erham, Phelps,X^ike, I'om-
eiov, Radloul, Samuel J. Randall, Raymond, Alex-
ander H. Rice. John H. Riee. Hitter, Rogers, Rollins,
Rousseau, Sawyer, Shanklin, Shellabarger, Sit-
frreaves, Stiouse, Taber, Taylor, Thayer, John L.
Thomas, Thornton, Trimble, Trowbridge, Upson,
Buit Van Horn, Robcit T. Van Horn, William B.
Washburn, Welker, Wentworth, Wlialey, Stephen i\
Wilson, and Windom—108.
NOT VOTING—Messrs Aneona, Delos R. Ashley,
James M.Ashley, Barker, Bingham, Blow, Brandegec,
Bundy. Reader \V. Clarke, Culver, Denison, Dixon,
Dumontt Farnsworth, Garfield, Edwin N. Hubbell,
Jones, lvelso. Longyenr, Lynch, Marshall, Marston,
Mclndoe, Mercur, Moorhead, Morrill, Moulton,
Myers, Newell, Xoell, Patterson, Plants, Price,
Ross, Smith, Starr, Stilw,-ll, Francis Thomas, Voor-
hocs, Waul, Warner, Winfteld, Woodbodge, and
Wright—-it.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
The question then recurred on seconding the
demand for the previous question on the motion
to postpone the bill till Thursday, March 1,
after the morning hour.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the motion to postpone was
agreed to ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message i'hom the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had passed bills of the following titles, in
which the concurrence of the House was re-
quested :
A bill (S. No. 98) entitled "An act to incor-
porate the Metropolitan Eire and Marine Insur-
ance Company of the District of Columbia
A bill (,S. No. ]].">) entitled "An act for the
relief of Jaue Vf. Nelhaivay;" and
A bill (S. No. 80) entitled "An act granting
to the State of Wisconsin a donation of public
lands to aid in the construction of a breakwater j
■aid harbor and ship-canal at the head of Stur- j
geon bay, in the county of Door, in said State, !
to connect the waters of Green bay with Lake
Michigan, in said State.''
amendment of postal laws.
Mr. ALLEY reported, from the Committee
on the Post Olhee and Post Roads, a bill to
amend the postal laws; which was read a first
and second time.
The question being on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time,
The Clerk commenced to read the bill in
exfenso, but was interrupted by
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, who said: Mr.
Speaker, I desire to inquire whether this bill
has been printed.
The SPEAKER. It has not been.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I suggest to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr, Alley] that
he had better allow the bill to be postponed until
it can be printed.
Mr. ALLEY. Well, Mr. Speaker, I will
move that the bill be printed, and that it bo
postponed, like the other bill, until Thursday,
March 1.
The SPEAKER. I suppose the gentleman
understands that if the bill be postponed until
that day it ma}' not be reached then, nor until
some time after.
Mr. ALLEY. Then let it be made a special
order.
The SPEAKER. Unanimous consent is
necessary to make it a special order. There
are now two special orders after the morning
hour—the bankrupt bill and the loan bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object to
this bill being made a special order.
Mr. ALLEY. If the House will agree to fix
some other time for the consideration o,f the
bill. I am perfectly willing; but'if gentlemen
desire to push the bill aside, with no definite
time fixed for its consideration, I cannot, of
course, consent.
Mr. LE BLOND. I see that the bill proposes
several very important changes in the postal
laws; and I suggest to the chairman of the
committee [Mr. Alley] that the bill be ordered
to be printed, and then bo recommitted, so that
it can again be brought before the House when-
ever reports from this committee shall be in
order.
Mr. ALLEY. The bill does propose several
important changes in the law; but it is a bill
which I think will encounter no opposition. I
am perfectly willing to have it printed : indeed
[ desire that it shall lie printed and that the
House shall act understandingly upon it. I am
willing to give all the opportunity for examina-
tion and discussion that anybody can desire;
but I am not willing that the bill shall be pushed
aside in such a way that it cannot be brought
up again.
Mr. DAWES. I suggest to my colleague
that he allow the bill to be recommitted, and
then enter a motion to reconsider, which he can
call up hereafter. --
Mr. ALLEY. I cannot believe that there
will be any opposition to the bill.
Mr. SCHENClv. Mr. Speaker, it is utterly
impossible for members of this House to under-
stand the provisions of a bill like this, consist-
ing of many sections, unless it be before us in
print; and I give notice to the gentleman that
though I may stand alone, I will vote against
every bill of a complicated character which is
brought in in this way, and attempted to be
forced through without a proper opportunity for
examination by members of the House. I do
not understand that the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads de-
sires to force this bill through in that manner.
Certainly he will allow the House some oppor-
tunity to know what we are legislating about;
otherwise our measures ceasc to be the legisla-
tion of the House, and become the legislation
of the committee alone.
Mr. ALLEY. It is what I want to do.
Mr. SCIIEN'CK. That is all we ask. It has
been suggested by my colleague over the way
that the gentleman move the bill be printed and
recommitted. He can have an opportunity of
reporting it at any future time, when the House
will have the bill before it, and an opportunity
of knowing what are its provisions and voting
understandingly on it. I hope he will take some
such course as that, and not force us to vote
upon a bill of such a complicated character
before w*e know what it is.
Mr. ALLEY. I agree entirely with the sug-
gestion of tlio gentleman from Ohio. I think
lie is perfectly right; and I am the last man
who would compel the House to vote on a bill
of this character without proper consideration.
I move 1 hat the bill be recommitted and ordered
to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ALLEY. I ask now to have entered a
motion to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. It will be entered upon
the Journal.
miscellaneous appropriation bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, to take up for consideration House bill
No. SO, making additional appropriations and
to supply deficiencies in the appiopriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for the
fiscal year ending the 3(!th of June, 1808, and
for other purposes, ft is an important bill, and
the appropriations are much needed.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
