1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2879
to me criminal. That desire is to see the States
recently in rebellion restored to all the rights,
privileges and dignities of States of the American
Union at the earliest day consistent with the na-
tional safety, and upon such terms as shall secure
the power, unity, and glory of the Republic.
How can this most desirable result best be
accomplished? In answering this interroga-
tory the first question which presents itself to
every reflecting mind is this: has the Govern-
ment of the United States as at present organ-
ized the constitutional power to demand or
exact from the people in the late rebel States
any conditions prior to th'e recognition of their
recently reorganized State governments and
the admission of their Senators and Repre-
sentatives in Congress? If so, is it expedient
to exact of them the terms or conditions pro- !
posed by the committee of fifteen, or such con-
ditions of a like character as may finally be ,
agreed upon by the two Houses of Congress, ;
as conditions-precedent to their resumption,
as States, of all constitutional relations to the
national Government which were severed by
their acts of rebellion and war?
I claim that we have the power, and that it
is not only our right but our duty to demand
such conditions as the majority of the loyal
representatives of this Congress may deem
requisite for the safety and security of the
nation. I believe we have the constitutional
power, because I believe the States represented
in this Hall during the war and now are the
Government.. If I did not believe this I could
not vote for any of the propositions before the
House or any proposition of a like character.
From the first I have held that when the
people of the late rebel States abolished their
constitutional State governments and confed-
erated together in violation of the national
Constitution and organized hostile State gov-
ernments and a national confederate govern-
ment, and maintained those governments by
force of arms until the rebellion became so
formidable as to claim the prerogatives of a
national de facto government, and to have con-
ceded to it by the United States and the great
Powers of Europe belligerent rights, that from
that hour constitutional State governments
ceased in each of the States so confederated
together, and until governments are reorgan-
ized in each of them in subordination to the
national Constitution, and recognized by this
Congress, there can be no constitutional State
governments in such States.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Will the
gentleman allow me to ask him who he intends
shall form the State governments—the people
of the States, or who?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I propose that the
loyal people of these States shall reorganize
these State governments and administer their
governments under such rules and restrictions
as the Congress of the United States, repre-
senting the people of the loyal States, shall
require.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Then I
understand the gentleman to say that he is
willing that the loyal people shall form State
governments, or shall continue their State gov-
ernments and protect and elect Congressmen
as part of their duty. Do I understand him
aright?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Under such rules
and restrictions as this Congress shall require.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. That is
an after-clap.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Now, Mr. Speaker,
I hope I can go 011 without any more of these
interruptions. From the outbreak of the re-
bellion I have sought to have all the Depart-
ments of -the Government adopt and act upon
this idea. I have held that the sovereignty of
the nation was in the people who reside in the
States which maintained constitutional State
governments, recognizing the national Consti-
tution as tlic supreme law of the land, and the
Government which it created as the one to
which all citizens owed a paramount allegiance.
I have held that the sovereignty of the nation
could not be impaired or destroyed within the
territorial jurisdiction of the United States by
the action, or the refusal to act, of any one or
more States. In other words, that the peo-
ple in the States which maintained their con-
stitutional relations to the national Government
were the only depositaries of the national sov-
ereignty and the only constitutional governing
power in the nation.
Holding these views, I insist that the people
who maintained constitutional State govern-
ments, who, during the entire war, were rep-
resented here, and who are now represented
i here, the people who maintained this national
; Government and put down the rebellion, have
! a right under the laws of war as conquerors to
prescribe such conditions as in the judgment
of the majority of this Congress are necessary
for the national safety and the national secu-
rity. This is the right of the conqueror under
every law, human and divine. If this be not
the true theory, then, indeed, is our national
Government a rope of sand.
Entertaining these ideas, at the extra session
of Congress in July, 18G1, I drew up a bill
embodying them, but by the advice of friends
I did not present it until the regular session in I
| December. On the 12th of March following, j
\ by the direction of the Committee on Territo- j
, ries, I reported to this House " a bill to pro-
vide temporary provisional governments for
the districts of country in rebellion against the
United States." That bill, on the motion of
my then col'eague, (Mr. Pendleton,) was laid
upon the table by a vote of 60 to 56, a number
of Republicans voting with the Opposition, and
a still larger number not voting at all.
At the first session of the Thirty-Eighth Con-
gress, upon consultation, it was thought best
to have a committee on the rebellious States,
and the late Henry Winter Davis ottered a res-
olution for the appointment of such a commit-
tee. The committee was raised, and he was
appointed i.ts chairman.
After the committee was appointed, of which
I was a member, I again introduced the old bill,
with such modifications and additions as time
had suggested. That bill which was reported
passed both Houses, of Congress, but did not
receive the sanction of President Lincoln, and
therefore failed to become a law.
At the second session of the Thirty-Eighth
Congress I again introduced the same bill
with some modifications, and by direction of
the committee I reported it to this House.
After a number of efforts to modify it so as to
secure a majority vote, it was lost, and we were
left at sea on this great question of reconstruc-
tion. And to-day we are reaping the fruits of
our stupidity and folly. I allude to these facts
to show how steadily the national mind has
been marching up to this idea, that the men who
remained loyal to this Government, who main-
tained constitutional State governments, and
who during the war administered this Govern-
ment are the Government.
Mr. WRIGHT. Will the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Ashley] allow me to ask him a
question?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I would rather the
gentleman would ask me his questions after I
get through my argument.
Mr. WRIGHT. I wish simply to ask the
gentleman to give us his definition of a loyal
man.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. If the gentleman
will ask me after I get through I will answer
his question.
Mr. WRIGHT. Very well; I will ask the
gentleman then.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I was saying that
I allude to these facts for the purpose of show-
ing how steadily the national mind has been
approaching this idea. And when this joint
committee on reconstruction, composed of the
ablest men in the nation, made their report the
other day, they recognized the same idea, to
wit, that the constitutional governments in ail
the rebel States were abolished; that during
the war and now they were not in constitutional
relations with the national Government. And
the man, whoever he may.be, who stands up and
says they are now in constitutional relations to
the national Government utters that which he
knows to be untrue. The man who stands up
and says that during the entire war the rebel
States were entitled to be represented here lays
down a proposition which would undermine
and sap the very foundations of the Govern-
ment. If these rebel States had the right to
be represented here and had been represented
here during this war, this Government would
have been bound hand and foot, and we would
have been incapable of resistance.
This, then, being the idea adopted by the
committee of fifteen, I can support this bill.
I know that the proposition submitted by that,
committee falls far short of what I expected,
far short of what the loyal men in the South
had a right to expect, far short of what the
men who sacrificed so much to preserve this
nation had a right to expect. But if I can get
nothing better I shall vote for their proposi-
tion, as I have already voted for the proposed
constitutional amendment which was sent to
the Senate the other day. When that propo-
sition was up I desired to offer an amendment
to it. But the honorable gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevexs] who had charge
of the measure had entered a motion to recom-
mit, and would not allow the amendment to
be offered. But I now send it to the Clerk's
desk, as the amendment I then desired to offer.
It may do no good to send it to the Senate
now, as I learn since I got on my feet that the
amendment which we sent over has received,
with an amendment to the third section, the
sanction of a majority of the true Union mem-
bers of that body, and will, undoubtedly, pass
that body.
The Clerk read as follows:
Article —.
Sec. 1. No Sta.tc shall make or enforee any law
which shall abridge the privileges and immunities of
citizens of the United States; nor shall any State de-
prive any person of life, liberty,or property,without
due process of law; nor deny to any person within
its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws.
Sec. 2. JNTo State shall deny the elective franchise
to any of its inhabitants, being citizens'of tho United
States, above the age of twenty-one years because of
race or color; but suffrage shall be impartial. And
on the 4th day of July, A. D. 1876, all citizens of the
United States above the ago of twenty-one years, not
convicted of crime or excluded from tho right of tho
ballot by act of Congress or by the law of any State
because of insurrection or rebellion against tho Uni-
ted States, shall be electors in each State and Terri-
tory of the United States; and on and after the 4th
day of July, A. D. 1876, all natural-bom citizens of
the United States thereafter becoming twenty-one
years of age, and all aliens who may thereafter be
naturalized and arc above the age of twenty-one
years and can read and write the English language,
shall be qualified to vote for electors of President and
Vice President of the United States, for members of
the Congress of the United States, and for Governors
and members of State Legislatures.
Sfc. 3. Representation shall be apportioned among
the several States according to the respective num-
ber of inhabitants in each. ,
Sr.c. 4. No payment shall evcrbemade by the Uni-
ted States or any State for oron account of the eman-
cipation of any slave or slaves, or for or on account
of any debt contracted in aid of insurrection or re-
bellion against the United States.
Sec. 5. Tho Congress shall have power to enforce,
by appropriate legislation, the provisions of this
article.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I do not desire to
take up the time of the House in discussing this
proposition, as I understand the Senate has
practically agreed to sustain the proposition on
representation which was sent them from this
House a short time since. It will be noticed, that
in prescribing the qualifications of electors, I
omit the word "male" and use the words "'all
citizens of the United States above the age of
twenty-one years." I did this purposely, as I
am unwilling to prohibit any State from enfran-
chising its women if they desire to do so. The
Senate having struck out the third clause and
inserted another, this amendment will serve no
other purpose than to show what I desired to
offer the other day.
But, Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment
which I desire to offer to this bill an amend-
ment upon which I shall ask a vote, and to
which I desire the attention of the House.
House bill No. 543, as reported by the com-
mittee, requires the adoption of the constitu-
tional amendment proposed before any State,
