m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
tlnipii, (Mr. Pombroy in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN slated the first reading of
the bill forinformation vrould be dispensed with,
if there were no objection.
Mr. BROOKS. I object until wo can know
what the bill is.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the
till.
Mr. BROOKS. I withdraw my objection to
the first reading of "the bill for information.
The CHAIRMAN. The bill will now be read
by clauses, for amendment.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Survey of the coast;
For the survey of the Atlantic and Gulf coasts of
thcXJnited States, including compensation of civilians
engaged in the work, and excluding pay and emolu-
ments of officers of tne Army and Navy and petty of-
ficers and men of the Navy employed in the work,
$120,000.
Mr. BROOKS. I observe this bill is for ad-
ditional appropriations, or what, in other words,
is called a deficiency bill. I rise to say that,
in my opinion, under the present heavy taxa-
tion of the people, our appropriations for the
coast survey ought to be as few as possible, con-
sistent with the interests of commerce. I should
like to hear from the chairman of the commit-
tee whether it is not consistent with the public
interest to make further reductions than is here
made.
Mr. STEVENS. The committee will find
this was an appropriation for 186G. We made
no appropriation last year. This bill failed
between the two Houses, and the department
has been carried on on the faith of this having
passed both Houses and having only failed in
consequence of an amendment, we all under-
stand, moved by the gentleman from Maryland,
(Mr. Davis.) It is the same we passed last year
and which failed, and is no new appropriation.
Mr. BROOKS. The explanation is satis-
factory.
The Clerk read, as follows:
For continuing the survey of the reef?, shoal?, and
keys^ of South Florida, including compensation of
civilians engaged in the work, and excluding pay and
emoluments of the otficersof the Army andNavyand
petty officers and men of the Navy employed in the
work, §11,000.
Mr. DARLING. I move to strike that out.
Mr. STEVENS. Although we do not need
a navy-yard there, yet our ships sail along that
coast, and it is a dangerous coast, and of all
others needs surveying.
Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois. If New
York does not need this let us know it.
Mr. STEVENS. I make the point of order
that the committee had passed away from the
paragraph, and the amendment is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and rules the amendment out.
The Clerk read, as follows :
For mates' and seamen's wac;cs, repairs, supplies,
and incidental expenses ot tort}-three fi^ht-ve^eis
$280,917 75.
Mr. DARLING. I move to strike out the
last three words " seventy-live cents."  
Mr. Chairman, I would like to know from
the gentleman from Pennsylvania whether this
prov ides for light-house keepers in the southern
States; and if so. whether they are required to
take the oath of allegiance before they are in-
ducted into office.
Mr. STEVENS. This bill was provided be-
fore the war ended. It is not based upon any
appropriation for the southern States except in
a few instances.
Mr. DARLING withdrew his amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
Tor rebuilding outer-ransjo light at Cedar Point,
Sandusky bay, Ohio, £10,000,
Mr. SPALDING.' I move to strike out
"ten" and insert ''twenty."
Since this bill was reported, the principal
engineer of the Light-House Bureau has come
to me and satisfied me we have made a mis-
take in reference to the estimate; that the
estimate was for S20.000 instead of £10,000 ;
and that the former sum is imperatively neces-
sary.
Mr. STEVENS. I have not been able to
hear the gentleman.
Mr. SPALDING. I call the attention of
the chairman of the committee to the fact that
since this bill was reported, the engineer of
the Light-House Bureau has come to me and
stated that there is a mistake in the estimate ;
that the original estimate was $20,000 instead
of $10,000 ; and that the board wish it restored
to §20,000, because their estimate shows that
the light-house cannot be built for less than
that sum.
Mr. STEVENS. Will my colleague on the
committee turn to the esfimate?
Mr. SPALDING. I cannot do it. I only
rely on the statement of the engineer, Mr. Poe,
that he was specially directed by Admiral Shu-
brick to have this correction made.
Mr. STEVENS. I have no doubt that what
the gentleman states is correct, but I do not
know where to find the justification of an in-
crease on the record.
Mr. SPALDING. The mistake may have
been in the manuscript that was sent to the
printer. He says it was made $20,000 and
not S10.000.
Mr. STEVENS. I leave it to the House.
I only say that the committee would not feel
justified in agreeing to that, because we have
no record which requires more than $10,000.
Mr. DAVIS. I beg leave to suggest to the
gentleman from Ohio to amend so that the
appropriation shall be $20,000, or so much
thereof as shall be necessary.
Mr. SPALDING. I accept that, modifica-
tion. I do not want any more than is necessary.
The question being taken on the amend-
ment, it was agreed to.
Mr. SLOAN. I move to strike out lines one
hundred and eighty and one hundred and eighty-
one, as follows :
For completion of the Dubuque, Iowa, custom-
house, $15,000.
I would inquire of the chairman of the com-
mittee if there is any necessity for building such
houses ?
Mr. KASSON. The custom-house is just
about completed, so far that it is now occupied
not merely for a custom-house, but for a post
oftiee and court-room. And this was the esti-
mate made last year and accepted by both
branches of Congress for the purpose of com-
pleting the roof and details of the building, to
make it comfortable for all the branches of the
Government.
Mr. STEVENS. I am bound to say that
since this estimate was made last year the Sec-
retary has written us a letter, in which he asks
that we appropriate at least $5,000 more for the
purpose of completing all that work. I move,
therefore, to make it $20,000 instead of $15,000.
Mr. SLOAN. I believe I am entitled to the
floor.
Mr. STEVENS. If there is any objection
to it I withdiaw it.
Mr. SLOAN. It seems to be conceded that
there is no need whatever for a custom-house
there. There are no foreign goods entered
! there, Ibelie\e : and if that is so, this appro-
priation for a custom-house evidently should bo
stricken out of the bill. If it is proper to make
an appropriation for completing the post office
in the city of Dubuque, that proposition ought
to be presented to the House and voted upon.
If it is the policy of the Government to erect
po=t office buildings at places of the size of
Dubuque, there are many other towns equal to
Dubuque, some in my own State, that would
like appropriations for the same purpose.
Mr. STEVENS. This building is very nearly
completed. Ithasbeen in progress some time,
and it embraces both custom-house and post
office.
Mr. SLOAN. In answer to the chairman of
the committee I will say that if there is no need
whatever of a custom-house at Dubuque a clause
should be reported authorizing the Government
to sell the building and putting the money into
the Treasury, instead of makmgfurther appro-
priations for tlie completion of a building which
it is conceded that the Government has no
earthly use for, at least for the purpose for which
this appropriation is to be made. And I take
it to be very doubtful policy for the Govern-
ment to complete these buildings for the pur-
pose of post offices. It is establishing a prin-
ciple which will become very expensive, if car-
ried out, and we build post oliicesin ever}' town
in the country of the size of Dubuque.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. ' If this
were a new proposition to build a custom-
house, I slionld be decidedly opposed to it, as
I believe the Committee on Commerce of the
House has reported against all of these propo-
sitions. But this is a building which has already
been erected, not only for a custom-house, of
which there is not much need, but also for a
post office and a United States court, as I un-
derstand. Fifteen thousand dollars were asked
for at the last session of Congress to complete
this building. I suppose that that will be a suf-
ficient sum, and 1 trust it will be found suffi-
cient. I merely rose to move as an amendment
to add after the words '■ custom-house" the
words ''post office and United States court-
room."
Mr. ALLISON. In answer to the gentleman
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Sloan",] I will say that
this building is almost completed as a post
office, and saves the Government an annual rent
of at least fifteen hundred dollars for that pur-
pose. The United States court for the north-
ern district of Iowa is held at Dubuque, and
the court-room is in this building. The office
of the clerk of the district court is also in this
building, and there is room for the office of the
surveyor general. There will thus be a saving
to the Government of a large amount of money
annually in the way of rents; and this appro-
priation is certainly necessary now to complete
the building, which has cost the Government at
least one hundred and fifty thousand dollars in
former years. I think it would be very unwise
policy to undertake to sell the building, as pro-
posed by the gentleman from Wisconsin. If-
that policy is undertaken, we might extend
it to other cities, a little larger perhaps than
Dubuque, yet having no more use for this class
of public buildings.
Mr. STEVENS. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
The question was taken on the amendment
proposed by Mr. Washburxe, of Illinois, and
it was agreed to.
The question was then taken on Mr. Sloax's
motion to strike out the entire clause; and it
was disagreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
strike out the following clause:
For paymentof claims due forthe constructing and
furnishing the Baltimore court-house, ->109,000.
I desire some information in regard to this
item. It is a very large sum, and I should like
to know what part of the appropriation is for
constructing the Baltimore couit-house, and
what pioportion is for furnishing it. I have
understood that the furniture placed in that
court-house has been of a most extravagant
character, and cost a very large sum. I hope
we shall have some information on the subject.
Mr. STEVENS. I think the estimates do
not separate the items, and therefore I am
entirely unable to give the information the
gentleman seeks. They are clubbed together
in the estimates.
Mr. WASH BURNE, of Illinois. I think the
committee ought to have some information in
regard to what the contract price was for the
building and furnishing of this court-house, how
it was built, and how this demand comes here.
I do not understand it at all. We are asked to
appropriate $100,000 on very meager informa-
tion.
Mr. STEVENS. Thisisthcamomitthatwas
due at the time this appropriat ion was called for
during the last Congress. This sum was act-
ually duo under contracts made before that
time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. T think ray
friend from Pennsylvania is mistaken in regard
to this bill, because there are certainly some
items in tins bill that were not in the bill of the
last Congress.
Mr. STEVENS. This appropriation is tor
