2880
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
no matter when it may bo ratifed, shall be ad-
mitted liere, thus putting it in the power of the
northern States, if they desire to do so. to
exclude States which in good faith ratified this
constitutional amendment and amended their
State constitutions and laws so as to comply
with all the conditions we make. I de-~:re,
then, to hare the bill reported by the commit-
tee so amended that whenever any Srate lately
in insurrection and rebel.ion shall'have ratified
this amendment in good faith, and shall have
modified its constitution and laws in conform-
ity therewith, that its Senators and Repre-
sentatives shall be admitted into Congress;
that is, that the loyal men of Tennessee and
Arkansas now elected shall be admitted ; but
that as to the other States, they shall, before
being represented in Congress, after the adop-
tion of this amendment and the modification
of their constitution and laws, elect, or reelect,
if you will. Governors and all other State offi-
cers, members of the Legislature, Senators of
the United States, and members of this House.
Why do I ask for this provision? Because
these governments, set up by the President of
the United States, set up over the heads of
loyal men, have every one of them elected
traitors to official positions in those States,
have elected traitors to this House, have elected
traitors to the Senate. I insist that this pro-
vision shall be applied to them, so that when
their constitutions and their laws are modified
in accordance with the proposition which we
lay down, the loyal men of those States shall,
tinder the amended Constitution and laws, vote
for the officers whicli are to be recognized by
the Government of the United States. I ask
the Clerk to read the amendment which I pro-
pose to offer:
The Clerk read as follows:
That whenever any State lately in insurrection
shall have ratified, in good faith ana irrevocably, the
above rccited amendment, and shall have modified
its constitution and laws in conformity therewith,
and after such ratification and modification of its
constitution and laws shall have elected a Gov-
ernor and the State officers provided for in the con-
stitution of such State, including the State Legisla-
ture and Senators and Representatives to the Con-
gress of the United States, under such limitations
and restrictions as may be imposed by the constitu-
tion and laws of such State when amended as herein
prescribed, the Senators and Representatives from
such State, if thus elected and qualified, may after
having taken the oaths of office required by l;.w,
be_ admitted into Congress as such: Provided, That
neither the State of Tennessee nor Arkansas shall be
required to reelect a Governor and State officers or
a State Legislature or Senators or Representatives
to the Congress of the United States; but whenever
either of said States shall have ratified the above
recited amendment, and shall have modified their
constitutions and laws in conformity therewith, their
Senators and Representatives now duly elected and
<malified may bo admitted into Congress on taking
the oaths of office required by law.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. It will be observed,
Mr. Speaker, that, by the adoption of this
amendment, every State which adopts in good
faith the proposed amendment to the Consti-
tution and modifies its constitution and laws in
conformity therewith, and after such modifica-
tion elects a Governor and members of the
Legislature and Senators and members of this
House, it shall have its Eepresentatives admit-
ted here. An exception, however, is made in
the ease of Tennessee and Arkansas, which
now have loyal Governors and other State
officers and loyal Legislatures. Those States
would not be required, under this amendment, I
to reelect their officers, but the Senators and '
Representatives already elected, if they can take
the oath, would be admitted to seats in Con-
gress, and their present State officers would be
allowed to continued their present positions.
I think this modification a very necessary
one. Let gentlemen look over the South and
see the character of the men who have been
elected as Senators. In almost every instance,
"where they are not out and out open-throated
rebels, who ought to be incarcerated in prisons
or exiled from the country instead of approach-
ing this temple of liberty j in almost every in-
stance, I say, where there has been any con-
cessions made to loyal men the Legislatures
have elected moderate men for the short term
and the most malignant rebels for the long
!I term. Sir, look at Georgia: they would not
elect Joshua Hill, but elected Alexander II.
I Stephens: and so of nearly every rebel State,
i If the southern people are stupid enough to
j suppose that such men as Alexander H. Ste-
phens will ever be admitted into the Senate or
House of representatives they might as well
be undeceived now. Hence, I say that iuview
of the fact'that the loyal men have had 110
voice in those reconstructed governments, have
had 1:0 voice m their legislation, have been
j dumb and silent, under the sway of these trai-
i; tors who were placed in power over them by
| the Executive, the loyal men of those States
| shoukLliave a fair opportunity to select men
i! who will truly represent them under the Con-
|j st'rtution and laws when modified in accordance
with the constitutional amendment proposed by
Congress.
I also have an amendment which I intend to
. offer when the other bill comes up, but will not
take up time by reading it now. I will send it
to the reporter and he can insert it with my
remarks.""
Let us look, Mr. Speaker, at the condition in
which we find the country. I hold in my hand
the propositions reported by the committee of
fifteen. I need not read tliem. They have
been carefully examined by every member.
All over the land, North and South, a cry is
raised against the report of that committee. I
ask gentlemen if they can put their hands on a
single page of human history where, after a
rebellion has been put down of the character
of the one we had to deal with, they can
find the conquerors making propositions so
mild, so conciliatory, and so merciful as these
made by the committee of fifteen—propositions
as applicable to the conquerors as the con-
quered. Yet we find men in this Hall, men
j: all over the South, men holding high positions
! in the Government before the rebellion, and
high positions in the rebel government, who
" Amendment to be proposed by Mr. J. 31. Ashley
to House bill No.—, declaring certain persons ineli-
gible to office under the Government of the United
States.
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert
as follows:
That no person who has acted as president or
vice president ormemherof either houscof the con-
gress of the so-called confederate States of America,
or as head of any department or bureau thereof, or
as military or naval officers above the grade of colo-
nel or master in the navy, or as governor of either of
the so-called confederate States or member of the
legislature thereof, or member of any State conven-
tion who voted for an ordinance of secession, or any
person who in a foreign country acted as an agent of
the so-called confederate States, orwho have treated
officers or soldiers or sailors of the Army or Navy of
the United States, ca.ptured during the late war,
otherwise than as lawful prisoners of war, or any
person who was an officer of the Army and Navy of
the United States, or who was educated at the Mili-
tary or JSTaval Academy of the United States, or who
washeadofanyDepartmentor bureau undertheGov-
ernment of the United States, or who was a member
of the Thirty-Fifth or Thirty-Sixth Congress of the
United States, or judge of any court thereof, or who
since 1856 acted as a foreign minister or agent of the
United States, or who resigned any office, civil or
military, in any State or under the Government of
the United States and accepted office under any rebel
State government, or under the government of the
so-called confederate States of America with intent
to give aid and comfort to the rebellion, shall ever
be eligible to any office of trust or profit under the
Government of the United States: Provided, That
any person included in the above named classes, who
before the 1st day of January, A. D. 1865, ceased to
give aid and comfort to the rebellion, and labored to
restore the authority of theUnitedStatesintheState
in which he resided, shall be exempt from the pro-
visions of this act; and any one claiming the benefit
of this provision may make application to the dis-
trict court of the United States for the district in
which he resides, and the judge of said courtis hereby
authorized and required to hear and determine all
applications for exemptions under the provisions of
this act, and if the jud^e before whom any such hear-
ing is had shall be satisfied from the evidence before
him that the person claiming exemption did cease to
participate in the rebellion or give aid and comfort
thereto, and labored to secure a restoration of the
authority of the Government of the United States
on or before the 1st day of January, A. D. 1865, he
shall cause a record to be made of that fact in abook
to be kept by the court, for that purpose, and the
judge shall cause a certificate to be issued to the
person so claiming exemption, setting forth the facts
astound by the evidence,whereupon the person so
receiving such certificate, shall be restored to all the
privileges and immunities of a citizen of the United
Statesm tho several States.
; have the effrontery to tell the people of this
1! country that they will not accept such con-
;j ditions. If they will not and we permit them
h to dictate their own terms, is not this a practical
,j surrender on the part of ihe conqueror to the
conquered'.' Suppose our position had been
j reversed: suppose she anli-slavery men of this
> country had gone into a rebellion as the Soti'h
; did. without a pretext, without cause, when
; they had a majority in this and the other
; branch of Congre.-s, simply because a pro-
j slavery man had been elected President. Sup-
! pose this to have been the case, that Mate after
i| State had seceded, had captured the forts of
11 the United States, and had made war on the
ji Union for four years, destioying half a million
| of lives, as well as running up a debt of over
S3.000,000,000 for posterity to pay. I say sup-
pose this to have been the case, do you believe
any such proposition would have been made by
those men when they had conquered as have
been made by this Government, nay, pro-
posed by this very House? Do you suppose
that leading anti-slavery men, like Garrison,
Phillips, Beecher, Greeley, and Gerrit Smith,
would have been sent for by a pro-slavery
Executive to be counseled with and sent home
as provisional governors to organize States over
the heads of the only loyal men in those States?
Do you think there would have been any such
stupid performance if the North had been in
rebellion? No, sir, we would have been stripped
naked, as was said by Henry A. Vise the other
evening at Alexandria.
My friend from Iowa in front of me [Mr.
Price] hands the paper containing the extract I
am quoting, and I will read it:
"If I had triumphed,'' said Governor Wise, "I
should have favored stripping them naked. [Laugh-
ter.] Pardon! They might have appealed for paidon,
but I would have seen them damned before I would
have granted it. For myself, tho boot being on the
other leg, I take no oaths; I ask no pardons! [Pro-
longed cheers.] I give you that brigade—the old, the
lasting, the enduring Wise brigade. [Cheers and
applause.]''
Do you suppose if the rebellion in the North
to which I have referred had been put down,
any traitor would have been permitted to walk
in Boston and utter such treason against the
Government? No, sir; and yet we are de-
nounced in this Congress as a rump Congress,
as Jacobins, as sanguinary men. Why? Be-
cause we ask. in restoring the governments of
the southern States, that our friends shall have
a fair share in the administration of their State
governments, and that the leading traitors shall
be punished.
Sir, under the Administration, as matters are
now going, not a single, solitary traitor will bo
punished. Rebel soldiers that were in prison
have all been liberated, while the soldiers of
the grand Union Army who are in prison for
the slightest offenses remain, and you cannot
get them pardoned out. These are unpleasant
facts, but I could not pass them and do my
duty without referring to them.
What do we ask? The loyal men of the
nation ask that in the restoration of the rebel
States the men who were our friends and allies
during the rebellion—the loyal men—shall be
clothed with the power of the local and State
governments of the South. Is this asking too
much? If this is not accorded to us, if these
men are to come back here, the loyal oath to
be repealed as is recommended, anil no condi-
tions are to be exacted; if these men are to
come back here next year and take possession
of the Government, so far from treason being
punished and made odious it will only prove
to have been a passport to favor and to power.
Sir, has it come to this? Can the unselfish
heroism and bravery, the devotion and sacri-
fices of our soldiers and the loyal 'men and
women of the nation so soon be forgotten?
Are the men who conducted this nation saf'elv
through the most terrible war recorded in his-
tory to admit, now that the rebellion is over,
that they are inrapableof administering the
Government in time of peace? Are the' men
who fought the opponents of this Government
on the battle-field and at the ballot-box for the
last four years, and everywhere vanquished
