1920
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
information the gentleman possesses in refer-
ence to the sale of liquor elsewhere than this
building which makes it necessary.
Mr. WENTWOftTH. Now, it is a well
settled principle that each House shall be the
judge of the qualification of its own members.
[Laughter.] This has come from the other
branch of Congress, and they give the reasons
in their speeches why they have passed it. I
hope, therefore, the House will pass it with
the amendment I have proposed.
EXttOLLrttl TSTT,L FIGXED.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that they lxad ex-
amined and found truly enrolled Senate bill
-No. 190, to establish the collection district of
Port Huron, the collection district of Michi-
gan, the collection district of Montana and
Idaho, and to change the name of the collec-
tion district of Penobscot; when the Speaker
signed the same.
LIQUOR IN TIIE CAPITOL AGAIN.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I think the better way
would be to pass this resolution with the amend-
ment. If we passed a bill or joint resolution
instead of this concurrent resolution it would
seem as though we wanted to embarrass the
matter. I think the motives of the House
would be misunderstood if we did not pass the
resolution. It would look as if we took an
indirect way to defeat it. I think as amended
it would apply to all the public buildings and
grounds in this city. I am told there are
several institutions upon the public grounds for
the sale of intoxicating liquors. I now call the
previous question.
Mr. CHAULER. I think the gentleman has
overlooked one fact, that in some of the public
buildings spirits are necessary for the preserva-
tion of reptiHa, which are kept for scientific
purposes in Government museums.
I also suggest to the gentleman that there is
danger, from the too frequent provocation of
what are called " copperheads," that certain
members over the way are in danger of getting
bitten bv those reptiles, and in that case whisky
is one of the most certain remedies. [Laugh-
ter. ] *
It seems to me that it is not exactly fair for
those gentlemen who have had a long experi-
ence in the-e Halls, who have been here many
yt. to bring in resolutions which bear hard
upon ■ s who have been here but a little while,
and do not know so well where to get whisky.
I think, at all events, they should let us know,
who have not as large a stock on hand as the
gentlemen who advocate this measure, where
we may get a supply. Some gentlemen con-
sume more than others. "With some a gallon
goes but a very little ways, and I insist that
regard should be had for moderate men.
Public houses. Mr. Speaker, are not the only
places wheie inLempeiaiiee and intoxication
take place, and I protest against this imputa-
tion against the inhabitants of this city and
against all those who live in public bouses or
public buildings, as not leading virtuous lives.
W e know very well that the charge lias been
brought not only of intemperance in liquor but
intemperance in lust, and the gentleman mieht
amend the resolution so as to carry the inquiry
into the habits of the dwellers in public build-
ings.
But I think this pharisaical effort at purifi-
cation should not come from those who have
the largest phylaetaries. I consider it an un-
fair thing to resort, to this method of inaugu-
rating a crusade against, a genial custom and
good fellowship which I know the gentleman
from Illinois [ Mr. Wextwomh] novel-intended.
Mr. \\ EN 1'WORTH. I yield to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania. [Mr. Thayer.J
Mr. THAYER". 1 desire to say that an erro-
neous impression has gone abroad on this sub-
ject. During my experience here I have not
observed any indication which suggests to the
House the necessity of the concurrent resolu-
tion which has been sent here from the Senate.
I have howev-r read the debate upon this con-
current resolution which took place in the Senate
yesterday, and I will allude to that. From the
sentiments which were expressed by some who
participated in thafdebate it may well be that
the passage of such a resolution was necessary
for the preservation of the decorum and dignity
which characterize so venerable a body as that.
I observe, for example, that one member of
that distinguished body concluded a lengthy
oration in defense of drunkenness with this
sentiment: '' I believe in women, wine, whisky,
and war." Now, I do not believe that either
of those articles should be unnecessarily thrown
in the way of a gentleman holding such senti-
ments. And with that view I hope the con-
current resolution will pass this body.
Mr. WENT WORTH. I yield to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Baldwin.]
Mr. BALDWIN. I merely wished to sug-
gest whether the amendment proposed by the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wextwoiith]
may not be inoperative in a concurrent resolu-
tion, which cannot go any farther than the Sen-
ate and House of Representatives. Anything
further, I suppose, would require a general law.
Mr. STEVENS. Ifl were at liberty, I would
strike out "within this building" and insert
"to any member of Congress;" so that they
should not stop at these corners where I go
past.
Mr. WENTWORTH. That belongs to the
corporation of this city. If they see tit to al-
low the sale of liquor to members of Congress
you cannot help it; but we have no jurisdiction
except over our own grounds.
I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. SMITH. By what right can the Speaker
of the House and President of the Senate
enforce this law upon any Department?
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Will it
be in order to move to refer the resolution?
The SPEAKER. It will not.
The amendment to add the words "and
other public buildings" was agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Is it in
order now to refer it?
The SPEAKER. I-t is not.
Mr. RAN DALL, of Pennsylvania. Is it in
order to move to lay it on the table?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I would
like to send it to the committee for modification,
but I move to lay it on the table.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. McKEE. Is it in order to make any
amendment!
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I move
to reconsider the \ote by which the main ques-
tion was ordered, with a view to refer the reso-
lution to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds.
The SPEAKER. That, motion eanrfot now
be made, because the order of the House for
the previous question has been partially exe-
cuted by agreeing to the amendment, and the
rule says that the previous question shall not
be reconsidered after it has been partially exe-
cuted. The only way in which the gentleman
can now accomplish his object is. after the
resolution is agreed to, to vote against the
motion to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table, and then reconsider and refer it.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I will
follow the suggestion of the Speaker.
The resolution, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution'was adopted ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
The question was put, and there were—ayes
50, noes 2o; no quorum voting. .
The SPEAKER ordered tellers, and ap-
pointed Messrs. Wkxtworth, and IIaxiull
of Pennsylvania.
1 he House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes sixty-seven, noes not counted.
So the motion to reconsider was kid upon
the table.
SALARIES IN POST OFFICE DIIPAKTMENT.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee on
Appropriations, reported back, with an amend-
ment, joint resolution of the Senate No. 29,
for the transfer of funds appropriated for the
payment of salaries in the Post Office Depart-
ment to the general salary account of that
Department.
The amendment was read, and agreed to, as
follows:
Add to the resolution the following proviso:
Provided, That this lesolution shall not bo con-
strued to increase the appropriations already made
for the service of the Po.-l Ofiiee Department.
The joint resolution, as amended, was or-
dered to a third reading; and it was accord-
ingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution had been
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BEALS AND DIXOX.
Mr. STEVENS, from the same committee,
\ reported back, with the recommendation that
! it do pass, joint resolution of the Senate No.
| 5(>, authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury
! to adjust the claim of Beals & Dixon against
; the United States.
J The joint resolution authorizes the Secretary
j of the Treasury to cause the accounts of Beals
I &. Dixon, for the delivery of materials after
; May 1.18G1. under their contract with theL'ni-
[ ted States, to be adjusted and paid, allowing
> to said Beals & Dixon such additional prices
for materials delivered after May 1, LS'il. as,
; in his opinion, they may be justly entitled to
■ under the provisions of their supplementary
1 contract dated January 1, 18-37; provided that
; in the opinion of the Attorney General said
| Beals & Dixon have a legal claim upon the
I I'nited States for an increase of prices under
\ said contract.
| Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
! make a motion to refer this joint resolution to
i the Committee of Claims. It is a private bill
| to all intents and purposes, and it certainly
; should go to the Committee of Claims to be
' examined.
I Let me say that this isoneof a classof claims
i the mo't dangerous that can come before Con-
i grcss, investing the Department with power to
; add to the prices to be paid these contractors.
I I hope the gentleman from Pennsylvania will
i consent to let this matter go to the CominitP-e
; of Claims so that we linn have a thorough
: examination and report upon it. Let us know
1 something in regard to the facts in the case,
| what the original contract prices were, and
; what these men now claim, before vesting this
authority in the Secretary of the Trea^uiy.
: Mr. STEVENS. The Iiouae sent this reso-
lution to the Committee on Appi opriations. and
; ot course it was the duty of the. committee to
' repcrt it. I will first, state what it is. It docs
not profess to decide any of the questions
involved in the contract, although I have seen
the contract, by which there is an agreement to
make an additional allowance; but the f'om-
mittee on Appropriation were not v. iiiiiig to
say whether it was lalid or how much should
be paid under it.
Hence it was that the Committee on Appro-
priation? thought it was het'er. instead of
undertaking to investigate this claim them-
selves. or, [ will add, instead of requiring the.
Committee of Claims to investigate it. to send
it in the first place to the power that originally
made the contract, the Secretary of the Treas-
ury; and in the second place to mmmI it to the
Attorney General. And if the Attorney Gen-
eral deemed, upon a full examination of the
case, that the Government was bound to make
this allowance.then only was the allowance to
be made. There is no intimation as to whether
anything should be allowed, or if anything how
much should be allowed. The whole matter is
referred to the law oilicer of the Government
to decide the question which the Committee ou
Appropriations did Lit deem themselves com-
