4M
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 25,
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
ruary, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, num-
ber eighteen thousand three hundred and sev-
enty-four, with all the unpaid coupons attached,
which bond has since been found mutilated and
partially destroyed; - and whereas thirteen of
the coupons of said bond have been reclaimed
in such condition as to be paid at maturity;
anil whereas it is uncertain whether the remain-
ing coupons are not still in existence: There-
fore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretaiy of the
Treasury is hereby authorized to issue and de-
liver to said William-H. Wheeler a duplicate
of said bond, number eighteen thousand three
hundred and seventy-four, without coupons
attached: Provided, That, before issuing the
same, said Wheeler shall deliver to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury all the remaining frag-
ments and parts of said bond, excepting the
thirteen coupons which have been reclaimed
as aforesaid, with a good and sufficient bond,
with security to be approved by the Secretary
of the Treasury, to indemnify the United States
against all loss, cost, or damages incurred by
reason of the issuing of said duplicate bond.
Approved, July 23, 1866.
Chap. CCXXII.—An Act for the Relief of
the Owners of the Hawaiian Barb "Kama-
hamaha V."
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America
in Congress-assembled, That there be paid to
Charles Brewer and Company, of Boston, agents
for the owners of the Hawaiian bark " Kama-
hamaha V," in coin, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum
of thirty-five hundred and thirty dollars, in full
for the passage, on the Hawaiian bark "Kama-
hamaha V," of sixty-eight destitute American
seamen belonging to American vessels which
were burned by the Anglo-confederate pirate
"Shenandoah," from the island of Ascension
to Honolulu.
Approved, July 23, 1866.
Chap. CCXXIIL—An Act for the Eelief of the
Owners of the Bark Maria Henry.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, directed to pay,
out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, the sum of twelve thousand
dollars to George Hearn, agent and part owner
of the bark Maria Henry, of Portland, Maine,
in full compensation for the use and detention
of said vessel, by the military authorities of
the United States, from the twenty-sixth day
of February to the twenty-sixth day of May,
eighteen hundred and sixty-five, inclusive, and
for any and all damage for the omission of said
Government to load said vessel with coal for
New Orleans or Port Royal.
Approved, July 23, 1866.
Chap. CCXXIV.—An Act for the Eelief of
Edward P. McKinney, of Binghamton, New
York, late Captain and Assistant Commissary
of Subsistence.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the proper account-
ing officers of the War and Treasury Depart-
ments be. and they are hereby, authorized to
allow to Edward P. McKinney, of Binghamton,
New York, late captain and assistant commis-
sary of subsistence, upon the settlement of his
accounts, the sum of four hundred and seventy-
five dollars, or so much thereof as the proof
shall establish, upon his proving satisfactorily
to such officers that such sum was properly paid
by him prior to the thirteenth day of August,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, to men of the
first Rhode Island ca-valry, And the first, sec-
ond, and fifth United States cavalry regiments,
and that his vouchers therefor were forcibly
taken from him and destroyed by the enemy
on the thirteenth day of August, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-four, between Harper's Ferry
and Winchester, Virginia, without the fault of
the said Edward P. McKinney.
Approved, July 23, 1866.
Chap. CCXXV.—An Act for the Benefit of
Heury Horne.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America
in Congress assembled, That there be paid to
Henry Horne, out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, the sum of four
hundred dollars in gold, or its equivalent in
United States currency, being the amount
advanced by him for the use of Federal pris-
oners at Andersonville, and used for their ben-
efit while prisoners of war at that place during
the years eighteen hundred and sixty-four and
eighteen hundred and sixty-five, the payment
of the said sum to act as a full release of the
note given to said Henry Horne by Father
Wheelan, under whose supervision the said sum
of money was expended.
Approved, July 23, 1866.
Chap. CCXXVI.—An Act for the Eelief of
William Cook.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretaiy of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
required to pay to William Cook, of Washing-
ton, District of Columbia, the sum of two hun-
dred dollars, in full for the use and occupation
of his land by the order of the War Depart-
ment.
Approved, July 23, 1866.
Chap. CCXXVII.—An Act for the Relief of the
Heirs of Horace I. Hodges.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the. United States of America in
Congress assembled, That in the settlement of
the accounts with the Treasury of Horace I.
Hodges, deceased, late captain and assistant
quartermaster United States volunteers, there
shall be allowed in his favor the sum of one
thousand two hundred and fifty-six dollars and
forty cents on account of the loss of that amount
of public funds in his hands by the capture of
Plymouth, North Carolina, by the rebels, on
the twentieth day of April, one thousand eight
hundred and sixty-four, the loss being without
neglect or fault on the part of said Hodges,
and he having lost his life at that time in at-
tempting to carry orders from the commanding
officer at Plymouth to the United States gun-
boats.
Approved, July 23, 1866.
Chap. CCXXVIII.—An Act for the Relief of
Liston H. Pearce.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, directed to pay
to the Rev. Liston H. Pearce the sum of five
hundred and forty dollars, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, in
full for his services as chaplain of the one hun-
dred and thirty-second regiment of Illinois vol-
unteers during the recent rebellion.
Approved, July 23, 1866.
Chap. CCXXIX.—An Act for the Relief of
James G. Holland, late Acting Assistant
Paymaster United States Navy.
Be it enacted by the Seriate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he hereby is, authorized to
credit James G. Holland, late acting assistant
paymaster of the Navy of the United States,
with the sum of five hundred dollars, in the
settlement of the accounts of said Holland with
the Fourth Auditor of the Treasury; such credit
to be given to said Holland for the sum of five
hundred dollars in Treasury notes of the Uni-
ted States lost and destroyed without any fault
or neglect on the part of said Holland: Pro-
vided, That the final order for the allowance
of the said credit shall not be made until the
whole subject connected with the said alleged
loss shall be fully investigated by the Fourth
Auditor, and he shall certify thereto.
Approved, July 23, 1866.
Chap. CCLYI.—An Act for the Relief of the
Owners of the British Yessel Magicienne.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there be paid, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, to the order of the proper func-
tionary of the Government of her Majesty the
Queen of Great Britain and Ireland, the sum
of eight thousand six hundred and forty-five
dollars, as full compensation to the owners of
the British vessel (Magicienne, or .their legal
representatives, for damages occasioned by rea-
son of the wrongful seizure and detention of
this vessel by the United States ship Onward,
in the month of January, eighteen hundred
sixty-three, and also as full compensation to
the owners and shippers of the cargo of the
Magicienne; such sum to be distributed agree-
ably to the award of William M. Evarts and
Edward M. Archibald, Esquires, to whom the
claim was referred for adjustment, by  n agree-
ment bearing date in November, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-three, between the Secretary of
State on the part of the United States, and the
British minister at Washington on the part of
Great Britain.
Approved, July 25, 1-866.
Chap. CCLVIL— An Act for the Relief of
Thomas W. Stevens.
Beitenactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there shall be paid
to Ihomas W. Stevens, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the
sum of one thousand and twenty-five dollars
and fifty cents on account of services as in-
spector of customs at the port of Albany, from,
the first day of March, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two, to the first day of April, eighteen
hundred and sixty-three.
Approved, July 25, 1866.
Chap. CCLVIII.—An Act for the Relief of
Alois Klaus.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to pay to Alois Klaus the sum of thirty-
two dollars and ninety cents, in full payment for
moneys paid by him for transportation, and due
to him for rations, while in the military service
of the United States.
Approved, July 25, 18G6.
Chap. CCLIX.—An Act for the Relief of James
P. Johnson.
Be it enacted by the Sena te and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
required to pay James P. Johnson, of Iowa,
the sum of two hundred and two dollars and
fifty cents, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, in full payment
for his services as veterinary surgeon in the
ftnrth Iowa cavalry.
Approved, July 25, 1806.
