THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
and is recommended officially and regularly
to us.
Personally I do not care what the committee
does with it. I should be glad, however, if the
'House would act upon a rule which could be
relied upon.
Mr. HILL. I desire to answer the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] which
I did not have an opportunity to do before. I
understood the gentleman to ask me whether,
if a horse should be put in my possession, and
I should appropriate it to my own use, I would
refuse to pay for it. Do I understand him cor-
rectly?
Mr. STEVENS. _ Yes, sir.
Mr. HILL. While I very cheerfully answer
that I should not refuse to pay for it, I desire
to know whether he regards this as an analo-
gous case.
Mr. STEVENS. I do.
Mr. HILL. I understand him to say, then,
that the Secretary of the Interior has power,
without authority of law, or pursuant to con-
tract, by accepting and making use of property
to bind Congress to pay for it. In this propo-
sition, sir, I do not concur. I think there is
no analogy between the case supposed in the
gentleman's question and the case under con-
sideration. In the case supposed, I would act
as an individual, and upon my own responsi-
bility, and would be liable as an individual.
But the power of disbursing, as well as raising,
revenue belongs to Congress, and I do not un-
derstand that the Secretary of the Interior has
been constituted its agent, even. Hence no
act of his in taking possession of property can
bind Congress to pay for it, and the analogy
cannot exist.
Mr. STEVENS. The United States author-
ities are now using the building.
Mr. HILL. Has the Secretary of the Inte-
rior the authority to bind Congress in this way?
Such has not been my opinion, and therefore I
have opposed this appropriation.
Mr. HALE. I beg leave to inquire whether,
if the Secretary of the Interior has this author-
ity to bind Congress, how many other officers
of the Government have the same authority?
Let us know how many agents of the Govern-
ment have the right to bind Congress to pay
whatever debts they may choose to incur.
Mr. STEVENS. There was a law authoriz-
ing the construction of this building, and par-
tial appropriations have been made and ex-
pended. The contract is executed and this is
i'or a deficiency.
Mr. HALE. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him whether the law authorizing the
contract also authorized the payment of more
money than was appropriated?
Mr. STEVENS. We sometimes appropri-
ate for the commencement of a work, some-
times for its continuation, and sometimes for
its completion. Both brandies of Congress
made this appropriation at the last session, and
it only failed on account of a difference on
another subject.
Mr. ,T. L. THOMAS. I will state another
fact. This contract was made before the war,
and hence was made upon a gold basis ; but in
spite of the war, and in spite of the deprecia-
tion of our currency, the contractor went to
work and fulfilled his contract. He has com-
pleted the building and furnished it, and the
Government of the United States had posses-
sion of it six months ago. At the beginning of
the war there was hardly anything (lone except
that the foundation was built.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What is
the name of the contractor ?
Mr. J. L. THOMAS. The gentleman will
find on inquiry at the Department of the Inte-
rior that the name of the contractor was Mr.
Osborne, from Brooklyn, or Rochester, New
York, I do not know which. The date of the
contract I do not remember, but it was some ,
time in 1858 or 1859,_ perhaps 1860. It was i!
just before the breaking out of tlic war. I
know the law was passed during the time J.
Morrison Harris was a member of Congress
from the city of Baltimore. The contract was
entered into under the administration of Mr.
Buchanan.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. DRIGGS. I move to strike out the fol-
lowing :
For continuation of the north wing of the Treas-
ury extension, $200,000.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is n ot in
order, as the paragraph has been passed. Each
paragraph stands as a section for the purpose
of amendment, and it is not in order to go back
to a paragraph which has been passed.
The Clerk read, as follows:
For payment of claims due for the repair of Gov-
ernment warehouses and construction of wharves,
Staten Island, New York, $29,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I should
like to have some information in regard to this
item, as it is one of many I do not understand.
I think this is extremely exceptionable. What
is this indebtedness contracted for? I know
persons representing the city of New York are
here clamoring for new quarantine grounds.
Mr. DARLING. I think there was no pro-
vision made for the erection of a building for
the storage of goods from infected vessels, and
this is for that purpose.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleman will permit me, his hypothesis is con-
tradicted by the very language of the paragraph
itself:
■ For payment of claims due for the repair of Govern-
mentwarehouses, and construction of wharves, Staten
Island, New York, $29,000.
What I protest against, is our voting away
these large sums of money without any full ex-
planation of them. Now, I would like to know
by what authority these repairs were made, and
what they were before I am called upon to
vote for this appropriation. It seems they de-
sire to give up all these works, and if so, before
we appropriate this money I want to know what
it is for.
Mr. DARLING. I suppose the Committee
on Appropriations have investigated this mat-
ter, as it is a part of their duty to investigate
all such matters before they come into the
House with a report asking for appropriations.
If they have not done their duty, then we are
not prepared to vote upon their recommenda-
tions. But concluding that they have done
their duty, I am prepared to vote i'or any appro-
priation asked for by the committee unless I
have some personal knowledge that it would be
wrong so to vote.
Mr. BERGEN. I think I can enlighten the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wasiibuuxe] in
relation to these repairs at Staten Island. I
have noticed a large number of shops built
there for the purpose of storing cotton which
the Government have captured and stored
there. It is necessary to protect it from the
weather and preserve it, and that I presume
explains the repairs of the buildings. A fire
occurred there some two or three years ago,
and it may have become necessary to expend
something on the wharves so as to enable them
to land cotton and store it.
Mr. RADFORD. I rise to ask the chairman
of the committee to give the reasons why this
appropriation is asked. I think he can satisfy
the House upon the subject. I would like the
gentleman to state upon what the committee
base their action.
Mr. STEVENS. It is impossible for me to
hear what, the gentleman inquires about, but I
take it for granted it is in regard to the reason
for this appropriation. If the gentleman from
New York on my right, [Mr. Dart.txg,] had
not so quickly interposed and delivered a short
lecture in regard to the Committee on Appro-
priations I should have answered the inquiry
before. I did rise to answer it, but inasmuch
as the two gentlemen from New York [Mr.
Darljxg and Mr. Tabeii] have explained the
matter so satisfactorily, I hardly thought it
worth while to say a word. I will, however,
as the gentleman from New York seems to
suppose that a compliment to the committee
was necessary, say a word.
The Government own warehouses at the
place spoken of, and they own a wharf which
was necessary for their use. It became neces-
sary to repair them. Last year the Govern-
ment asked an appropriation as a deficiency to
make up for these repairs of warehouses al-
ready built and in use, and which were neces-
sary for the Government use. The Committee
on Appropriations last year, of which I was
chairman, agreed without any difficulty that
these buildings, having been repaired and the
money being due, it ought to be paid. We have
now repeated what has been passed, as I said
before, by both Houses of Congress. The
money not having been paid, and having re-
mained a year longer unpaid than it would but
for the unfortunate failure of that bill, which we
all of us recollect, we now insert the appropri-
ation in this bill. As a matter of course it
is indifferent to the committee whether it is
stricken out or not, except as we are bound to
ask to have it paid, the Government being in-
debted for the repairs.
The question being taken on the amendment
to strike out the item, it was not agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
strike out lines two hundred, two hundred and
one, and two hundred and two, as follows:
For error in compensation of one messenger, at
$1,000, and two assistants at $840 each, forty dollars.
The question being taken on striking out this
item, it was not agreed to.
The Clerk read the following clause:
For refurnishing and repairing President's House,
$40,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would in-
quire if we have not already passed a separate
bill appropriating thirty or forty thousand dol-
lars for this very purpose.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman is not mis-
taken. We have already appropriated §30,000
for furnishing the President's House. It is
proper that I should say, under the circum-
stances, that heretofore the sum usually appro-
priated for furnishing the President's House
upon the incoming of an Administration has
been $20,000. There has always been a small
deficiency,however. In Mr. Buchanan'stimcit
was $4,000. In the case of Mr. Lincoln, owing
to the dilapidations, it was something more, ten
or fifteen thousand dollars. Then, in the last
Congress, we voted $30,000, but the bill failed,
and we have repeated the appropriation this
year. But owing to the confusion that took
place after the death of the President and the
long-continued sickness of his wife, the house
was left a prey to almost everybody that chose
to go there, and it was found upon examina-
tion, when Mr. Johnson was about to take pos-
session of the house, that scarcely anything was
left, and that it required not only the $30,000,
but upon a full estimate of what is wanted,
made by the Commissioner of Public Buildings
under the direction of the inmates of the house,
it was found that to restore matters as they were
and to add the usual ornaments and furniture,
it willrequire $40,000 more. It was found, after
the 330,000 were appropriated, that there had
already been expended $42,000, and that the
sum appropriated was not only absorbed, but
some $12,000 more, and the house was still un-
furnished. The servants and everybody had
access to the house during the fatal period to
which I liavc referred, for about six weeks,
and I may say that it was open for anybody to
plunder it that chose to go there. The result
was that almost all the valuable furniture in the
house was missing; and when the present Pres-
ident came in it was found necessary, even be-
fore he could be entertained with a single meal,
that spoons should be bought in this city for the
purpose of furnishing his table; that linen,
sheets, bedding, and all those things were ne-
cessary, and even the beds themselves.
It was found that the house was in the cus-
tody of nobody. The steward who was there
was responsible. But it was found that these
goods had been taken everywhere. They were
to be traced—I will not, say among the em-
ployes ; but they were gone ; they wore not to
be found. It is enough for us to know that the
things were not there, and it is due to the pres-
