444
APPENDIX TO THE .CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 28, 1866,
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
No. 89.—A Resolution authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to audit and settle the
Accounts of Caleb X. Pay and William Y.
Patch, late Assessor and Collector of Infer-
nal Revenue at San Francisco.
Resolved by the /Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be authorized to audit and settle the
accounts of Caleb T. Fay, and William Y.
Patch, late assessor and collector of internal
revenue at San Francisco, as to him may ap-
pear just and equitable.
Approved, July 26, 1866.
No. 94.—A Resolution for the Relief of Charles
M. Blake. -
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there be paid, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, to Charles M. Blake-, the full pay
and allowances of a chaplain in the Army for
one year from the eighteenth day of May, eight-
een hundred and sixty-five to the seventeenth
day of May, eighteen hundred and sixty-six,
the same being the sum of fifteen hundred and
sixty dollars ($1560) less the amount which
may have been paid him by the effect of joint
resolution for his relief, approved June twenty-
seventh, eighteen hundred and sixty-six.
Approved, July 27, 1866.
No. 95.—Joint Resolution for the Relief of
Fontaine T. Fox, jr.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the proper account-
ing officers of the Government be, and they are
hereby, authorized and directed to pay to Fon-
taine T. Fox, jr., late aide-de-camp to Briga-
dier General W. T. Ward, a sum equal to the
pay and allowances of a first lieutenant and
aide-de-camp, from the eighth day of Octo-
ber, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, to the
third day of April, eighteen hundred and sixty-
two.
Approved, July 27, 1866.
No. 103.—Joint Resolution to reimburse Mrs.
Mary Phelps, of Missouri.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there be paid to Mrs.
Mary Phelps, of Missouri, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the
sum of twenty thousand dollars to reimburse
her for expenditures made bv^ her in raising
and equipping troops for the United States in
the late rebellion, and also for her expenditures
made in behalf of the soldiers of the Union
wounded in battle, and of the orphan children
of soldiers of the Union.
Approved, July 28, 1866.
No. 104.—Joint Resolution to provide for Pay-
ment of the Claim of Colonel H. C. De Ahna
for military Services.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Stales of America in
Congress assembled, That the propor disbursing
and accounting officers of the Treasury be, and
they are hereby, authorized and directed to pay
to Henry Charles De Ahna a sum equal to the
pay, allowances, and emoluments of a colonel
of infantry in active service, for one year from
the thirty-first day of March, eighteen hundred
and sixty-two, and that such amount so allowed
as aforesaid be paid to him out of any moneys
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
And he shall be considered honorably mustered
out of the military service.
Approved, July 28, 1866.
No. 105.—Joint Resolution authorizing the
Secretary of War to contract with Dr. Alex-
ander Dunbar.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
' resentatives of the United States of America in
I Congress assembled, That the Secretary of
■ War be authorized and directed to contract on
such terms as, in his discretion he may think
fair and reasonable, with Dr. Alexander Dun-
bar, for the use by the Government of the
alleged discovery of the said Dunbar of a mode
of treatment of the diseases of the horse's foot,
and for his services for one year in instruct-
ing the farriers of the Army in such treatment;
the amount agreed upon to be paid out of the
fund already appropriated for the purchase of
horses or general support of the Army.
Approved, July 28,1866.
No. 106. — Joint Resolution to pay Colonel
Lewis F. Fix.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled. That the proper account-
ing officers of the United States are hereby di-
rected to pay to Lewis Ferdinand Fix of Ohio,
the pay and emoluments of a lieutenant colo-
nel of infantry, for the time from the first day
of March, eighteen hundred and sixty-five, to
the twenty-ninth of July, eighteen hundred and
sixty-five.
Approved, July 28, 1866.
No. 107.—Joint Resolution authorizing the
Secretary of the Interior to pay Charles M.
Pott a Pension of fifteen Dollars per Month.
Beitresolved by the Senate and House ofRep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to pay or cause to bo paid to Charles
M. Pott, late of company K, one hundred and
seventy-ninth Pennsylvania militia, now on
the pension-roll, the same pension provided
for, for persons having lost one hand in the
military service of the United States, as pro-
vided in section one of an act entitled "An act
supplementary to the several acts relating to
pensions," approved June sixth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-six.
Approved, July 28, 1866.
No. 108.—Joint Resolution to authorize the
Payment of Rev. C. B. Boynton, as Chap-
| lain of the House of Representatives of the
I Thirty-Ninth Congress.
I Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
' resentatives of the United States of America in
! Congress assembled, That the Rev. Charles B.
1 Boynton is authorized to draw the amount ap-
propriated to the payment of the Chaplain of
the House for the Thirty-Ninth Congress.
Approved, July 28, 1866.
The Congressional Globe and Appendix will be furnished subscribers at the next regular session, which will
be a short one, at $5 for one copy during the session.
Subscribers for this session who have not received, or who have lost, any numbers, either of The Congressional
Globe or The Appendix, can get them by inclosing to us five cents for each missing number.
