#60
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
by direction of the Secretary of the Interior, under
the impression, as I know, that it would be a matter
of interest to all to see that original at ancarerview
than could be gained ofthebronzecopy onthedome.
It is placed there temporarily, and will be removed
whenever the room shall be wanted for the legitimate
purpose to which it is by law devoted.
In relation to the occupancy of the passages read-
ing to the old Hall, I have to say that the law of Con-
gress, and the regulations founded upon it, require
the consent of the Speaker of the [louse of Represent-
atives and the Commissioner of Public Buildings for
euch occupancy, and the occupant of every stand for
the sale of any commodity whatever, has leave so to
occupy from the Speaker and Commissioner. And
at any moment when the Speaker pleases to with-
draw his permission all such stands will be forthwith
removed.
I believe the foregoing embraces all the informa-
tion I can give touching the inquiries of the House.
I return the order of the House herein.
I am, with high respect, your obedient servant.
B. B, FRENCH.
Commissioner of Public Buildings.
Son. J. H. RlCE, Chairman of the. Committee on Public
Bv>ildin08 and Grounds, House of Representatives
United States.
Mr. BICE, of Maine. It is ascertained that
all the persons occupying the halls and cor-
ridors on the House side of the Capitol do so
under the written permission of the Speaker
of this House, and as the Speaker has the con-
trol of tl\.e matter, I do not think it exactly right
for lis to take the question thus summarily into
our hands. I think we should permit these
persons to remain so long as they have the per-
mission of the Speaker to do so. I think, so
far as some of them are concerned, it would
be well to have them removed. Perhaps the
great hunter from the Rocky mountains, who
is out in the corridor, with his scalps and
Indian curiosities, might well be put inside of
the iron railing. [Laughter.]
Mr. COLFAX, (Speaker.) Mr. Chairman,
I wish to say one word, as my name has been
brought into connection with this matter. When
I entered upon the discharge of my duties as Pre-
siding Officer of this House, I found it had been
the usage for those who occupied the position of
Presiding Officer, in each branch of Congress,
to allow a number of stands in the hails and
corridors. My own judgment was strongly
against the. granting of any such permission.
At first I declined absolutely, but members of
Congress came to me protesting that certain par-
ties who had been allowed to occupy particu-
lar places under previous Speakers should not
now be turned out. I disliked to set up my
own judgment against what had been the pre-
vious usage, and I went over to the Senate
end of the Capitol to ascertain what was the
condition of affairs there, and found that the
President of the Senate had consented to the
establishment of various stands there, so that,
rejecting some, I granted permission to others
at this end. At this session, the permission
which had been granted to some was renewed.
It is difficult to draw the line, if any are
allowed at all. One is allowed to sell expla-
nations of the bronze doors illustrating the life
of Columbus. It is difficult to say no, bemuse
a great many persons would like to obtain them.
Members will see how difficult it is to draw the
line of distinction. I should prefer Congress
would order all to be removed from this floor
of the Capitol. My own idea is whatever per-
mission is granted should be for the lower floor.
Then, if persons choose to go down upon the
lower floor, through which is a communication
from one end of the Capitol to the other, let
them go down there and purchase whatever
they may desire from these stands.
As the usage had been on the part of my pred-
ecessors to grant permission for these stands,
as I have already said, I reluctantly granted
them myself.
Mr. STEVENS. I will say, injustice to the
Speaker, that there are fewer of these stands
now than there have ever been before. They
are an accommodation, it would seem, to some
of the ^members, and perhaps they ought not
to be disturbed.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, These stands are cer-
tainly in the way, and I think most of them
should be removed. I do not think there would
be any objection to their removal on the part of
the House. I believe if we leave the matter
under the control of the Speaker, as heretofore,
with a simple expression of our opinion on this
question, it will accomplish the result we all
have in view.
I will refer to a single instance, and that is
in regard to the stand where refreshments are
sold. I think its effect on the small boys—the
piges about this House—is bad. They are con-
stantly in the way, and the passage is being
blocked up. I think all such stands should
be removed.
Now, in regard to the model of the figure
which is upon the top of the dome, every one
must concede that it is in a bad place in the
old Hall. No one can object to its removal.
The Commissioner of Public Buildings says it
was only placed there temporarily. But I sug-
gest that the crest be taken from the head of
the figure, and that something in accordance
with the design of Mr. Crawford himself be put
in its stead. The history of the matter is in-
teresting. There was a long correspondence
between the artist and Jefferson Davis on the
subject. The first design of the artist was to put
a wreath upon the head of the figure, but that
Mr. Davis objected to. Then he proposed to
put a liberty cap upon it, and that Mr. Davis
objected to because it was the historical em-
blem of a freed slave and he said ought not to
be there. I would have the present monstrous
crest taken off, for as you look at the figure
upon the dome of the Capitol coming up toward
it, it looks precisely like a donkey's head.
[Laughter.] Let ns take off the donkey's head
and put in its place the liberty cap as the art-
ist intended.
A Member. Is it a donkey's or a darkey's
head? [Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENS. I also suggest she be pro-
vided with hoops, for she looks awfully as she
is. [Laughter.] -
Mr. JOHNSON. I move to amend by add-
ing the following:
And especially that-last and most egregious hum-
bug, the woolly horse, with the horns and the bear's
paw. .
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is not
in order.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope the gentleman will
amend so as to provide for the removal of the
stands from this floor in consequence of the
suggestion of the Speaker, who anticipated in
his explanation what I was myself going to
propose.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I agree to
that.
Mr. STEVENS. I must insist that this is
new legislation altogether.
Mr. WASH BURNS, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman is not quite so sharp as some of his
friends. It is too late to make the objection.
Mr. STEVENS. It is not too late; it is just
offered.
Mr. GARFIELD. I suggest that we simply
require that at these stands where they sell
cakes they shall use fresh lard instead of ran-
cid. [Laughter.]
Mr. SCHENCK. If the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stkvkxs] will allow me, I
j would like to make a single remark.
1 Mr. STEVENS. I consent.
' Mr. SCHENCK. This may seem to be friv-
, olous to the chairman of the committee; it
, seems to me, however, that it is worth a little
■ consideration.
! Mr. STEVENS. 1 pass the frivolity over
to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Wa.sii-
! BURNE.]
; Mr. SCHENCK. Well, let it pass over to
| my friend from Illinois. I think it is well that
! we should legislate upon this subject; In the
| first place, so far as my original amendment is
! concerned, I am not satisfied with the explana-
| tion made bv the chairman of the Committee
| on Public Buildings and Public Grounds, that
i we ought on that account to refrain from pass-
; ing some rule that should be binding upon this
! subject; because, as I said before, we had the
| same assurance last year that if we would let
| alone those that were in charge of the Capi-
! tol as architects, the Commissioner of Public
Buildings would see that this nuisance was
abated. It is not done. We are told now that
there is a new architect, who in the matter of
taste entirely concurs with what seems to be
the prevailing judgment and wish of this House.
If so, of course so much the better, for, as he
concurs with the views of the House on that
subject, he will willingly obey the rule when
we lay it down to him. There is no harm
done in directing it; there might be in omit-
ting it. By directing it wo have in the present
architect one who will at once obey the order,
while by failing to do so we might possibly have
some delay that we need not wish to be sub-
jected to.
Then so far as regards the removal of these
stands for the sale of apples, ginger-nuts, and
drinks of various kinds, to say nothing of deer
skins and California curiosities, the Speaker
has explained to us that he has yielded against
his own better judgment and granted these
privileges to various persons. Now, then, as
we come to the aid of the good taste of the
architect in backing him up by passing, as I
hope we shall, the firsL portion of the amend-
ment, let us also protect the Speaker against
his own amiability. He will willingly obey us
just as the architect does. But I fear that the
architect under outside influences, and the
Speaker under the influence of his amiability
—and every one knows how kind-hearted hJ
is—may be induced by the pressing solicita-
tion of his friends, or by the parties themselves,
to do that which he will feel glad not to have
to do. If we make it a matter of legislation,
he cannot yield to his amiable impulses by
allowing an offense against the law.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
rise.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask my friend to with-
draw the motion.
Mr. STEVENS. Very well.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope, sir, that the com-
mittee will not leave this subject until they have
taken decided action. >. Congress having taken
upon itself the control of this building for its
own use, I ask upon what authorit}' any officer
of the Government will take it upon himself to
appropriate it for other purposes ? And in ad-
dition to the removal of all these stands, which
I regard as not only an inconvenience to the
members of this House, but as a disgrace, be-
cause they clog up and interfere with the ingress
and egress of members, I hope that all of these
things, including the woolly horse and this huge
monster that is behind the rail, will be removed.
It is apparent that the large plaster cast of the
statue of Liberty is not beautiful in itself where
it stands. Being too high up, it destroys the
beauty of that old Hall. Therefore I hope it
will be excluded.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
rise for the purpose of closing debate.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think by
unanimous consent we can agree to elosc the
general debate without going into the House.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope we shall do that by
unanimous consent. It will not cut off the five
minutes' debate.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there objection ?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I move that the com-
mittee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose ; and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair. Mr. Pomerot reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had, according to order, had under
consideration the state of the Union gener-
ally. and particularly bill of the House No. 86,
making additional appropriations and to sup-
ply deficiencies in the appropriations for sun-
dry civil expenses of the Government for the
fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1866, and
for other purposes, and had come to no con-
clusion thereon.
'CLOSE OF DEBATE.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to close the general
debate in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union on the deficiency bill in one
