1806.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8B5
" Now, as you "vviH not be troubled by the po-
lice, you need not be by gas-lights either." I
sliouid like to know from the gentlemen who
have charge of this matter why, when we appro-
priate money l'or gas in Washington, the lamps
are continually extinguished at that hour, and
most of thu streets left during the latter part
of the night in utter darkness.
Mr. KASSON. I will say in reply, as one
member of the Committee on Appropriations,
that if you do not appropriate money enough
to pay for the gas according to the rates that
you have yourselves established, you must be
left in the dark, if you will appropriate for
the amount of gas consumed and direct that
the lamps be kept lighted all night, then the
gas company will furnish the gas and keep the
lamps burning. That was the information of
the Committee on Appropriations, and this
amount was fixed upon with reference to that
basis.
Mr. CONKLING. What is the difficulty in
the Government paying like any other consumer
for the gas actually consumed in the public
business by the public authorities?
Mr. STEVENS. That is the .way they do
pay now.
Mr. CONKLING.
According to this appro-
priation ? This provides for extending the gas
pipes.
Mr. STEVENS. This provides for the gas
consumed by the Government at a little less
than the rate other consumers pay.
Mr. COXKLING. What use is made by the
public authorities of gas on these slieets in
Georgetown
Mr. STEVENS. The Government owns the
property up at the Circle, and owns the bridge,
too ; and the Government has always lighted
those streets.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. High street
is half a mile from the bridge.
The question was taken on Mr. ScHexck's
amendment, and it was disagreed to.
Mr. KASSON. In order to refer to a former
law, I move to strike out the last three words
of the clause.
It will be found that in 18G4—and this appro-
priation was intended for 1805 and 1SG0—we
appropriated SOo.oOO for lighting these identi-
cal grounds, avenues, and streets ; and if gen-
tlemen will go back to former laws, they will
find that we have done it habitually.
In consequence of the increase in the price
of gas authorized by the la«t Congress, an addi-
tional amount is required in the appropriation
for this year. There is not a single appropria-
tion here for lighting any new street, avenue,
01' ground.
Mr. VASIIBURNE, of Illinois. We are
required now to appropriate till-,000 more than
wc did la->t year, j >y adopting my amendment
we shall keep the appropriation down to the
proper sum.
Mr. KASSON. The increase in the appro-
' priatiousis in consequence of the action ot Com
gress in authorizing an increase in the price or
gas. owing to the increased price of coal.
Mr. WASI-IBUUXE. of Illinois. There was
no necessity for it: it was only b}' lobbying that
it was got throuih Congress.
Mr. KASSON. I withdraw my amendment.
The question was then taken on Mr. Wash-
burn is s amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I move now to strike out
the proviso, which is as lollows :
Prom,led, That in order to enable the TFa^hinston
Gas-Liidit Company to extend their pipes-, and to ac-
commodate the public in the remoter parts tn<*
citv, suui eompapv is herein' a sit hori/,cu to in cronsc
itsVapiLiI <tock subiert to the same liability
as is ]>nn idcl in ili'J tlevenlli f-cction oi the original
act of incorporation, approvru July 8, loio. '
I will vcrv frankiy admit that I know upon
this subject. 3 think, preiiy nenily as much as
almost any other member of this House, and
that is scarcely anything at all. Although it is
upon the Mibject of gas. we ure l^jWlatiiv*. i
think, very much in the dark. i his much,
however, i do know, that Congress last^jear
added something near fitly per cent., at any
rate a verv lar^e proportion, ol increase to the
oVh'if 1m No.
| cost of gas in this cit-y, making it a very expen-
; sive necessary indeed. Andnowitisproposed, j
J in order to enable the Washington Gas-Light j
! Company to extend their pipes to accommo- !
! date the public in the remoter parts of the eitv, |
to authorize the company to increase its capital |
stock $o00,000, subject to the same liability
as is provided m the original act of incorpora-
tion.
Five hundred thousand dollars would incor-
porate a pretty respectable gas company in
almost any of our towns; but as a mere inci-
dental increase to its existing capital stock it j
is proposed that this company shall now be '
permitted to add S-300,000. . |
Now, it may be or it may not be, that hay- i
ing made gas-making a verj- profitable business
here, by largely increasing the cost of the arti-
cle, the stock has become so valuable that it
will bear watering, and that this proviso means
that or something like it. I do not know that
that is so; hut putting the two things together,
the large increase of the cost of gas last year,
with the not very perceptible increase of facili-
ties afforded for getting about, by means of the
better lighting of the streets, [am inclined to
suspect that in this proposition to add SoOO.-
000 to the capital stock there may be a project
for watering slock which has now become so
valuable that it will bear a little dilution. If I
am mistaken in that I shall be glad to have this
proviso explained by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, who has introduced
the appropriation and recommended it to the
favorable consideration of the House.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I think
this proviso is an attempt at new legislation iu
an appropriation bill for an extension of a cor-
poration which is not warranted, and therefore
is out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The objection of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Baxdai.l]
would have been good if taken in time: but it
is made too late.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Then I
hope the House will vote to strike out this pro-
viso. for it is clearly out of order.
Mr. DAVIS. I recollect when, during the
last session of Congress, the lav/was so altered
as to increase the amount of compensation which
this gas company was to receive. From the
knowledge which I then had, and from all the
information I have since obtained, I think that
the chanse in the law was entirely just. And
1 will add to that a statement I have received
from responsible parties that the losses sus-
tained by that company before relief was ob-
tained were so great that to-day they are in-
debted more than §70,000, which they have not
the means to pay.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. For what
can the stock be now bought?
Mr. DAVIS. I do not know, I never owned
a share of it, and never had any interest in it.
There was some stock owned by orphans which
was sold before the law of last session was
passed, and it was sold for fifty per cent, of its
cost, although it was the only stock the orphans
had. They sold it, because they despaired of
any relief being afforded by Congress.
But 1 do object to this proviso in this hill,
for I doubt whether there is any propriety in
Congress addine to the chartered powers of a
corporation in an appropriation bill.
1 he amendment of 31r. Scixenck was then
adopted.
■i Mr. RICE, of Maine. I movefo amend the
'! chune relating to taking upland relaying Uie
j; brick pavements near the \\ ar and Navy De-
f partments, by insertina: alter the word " relay-
j' ingv' the words :: with stone flagging."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to as!: the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations a question
in relation to the paragraph making an appro-
priation (o enable the Secretarv of the Interior
to pay the expenses of transporting convicts to
State prison.--. Under what law was the Sec-
retarv ot the Interior authorized to select places
elsewhere than (lie prison al Albany, New i ork?
Mr. STEVENS. He has the right to select
any prison. He has found Albany to be the best
place and he sends them there.
Mr. WASHBUBNE, of Illinois. I move to
strike out the lines two hundred and fifty, two
hundred and fifty-one, and two hundred and
fifty-two of this bill in relation to collections of
certain expeditions. I do not, see why it should
require S4,000 to preserve these collections.
They are already in a good state of preserva-
tion, and if they arc minerals they will not
spoil.
Mr. STEVENS. This is a provision which
we were to have made a year ago, when they
were putting these collections in order. It is
not for a future but for a past expenditure. It
was supposed to be important that these col-
lections should be preserved, and I should be
very sorry to have the House strike this out.-
The motion to strike out was not agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. I am instructed by the com-
mittee to move the following amendment to
come after line three hundred and fifty-two :
Office of Attorney General:
For deficiency in appropriations for salaries in act
of March o, 1805,
For deficiencies in appropriations for contingent
CXT-Cn^e-, $1.000.
For nav of two temporary clerks from January 1 to
June 30,1880, $>1,200.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
like to know how these deficiencies happened.
What right had they to expend this money
without authority of law?
Mr. KASSON. The act referred to in the
amendment was passed after the regular appro-
priations for the year had been made. In con-
sequence of the increase of business, that act
increased the salary of the Assistant Attorney
General and certain clerks allowed to the De-
partment. This appropriation is necessary to
carry out that law.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRINNELL. I move to amend by in-
serting after line three hundred and seventy-
eight, on page 17, the following:
Provided. That in the purchase of carpets for any
of the public liuildinra or offices uniler any appro-
priations herein provided, tliey shall be of domestic
manufacture.
Mr. Chairman, I think that wc have gone far
enough in the purchase of foreign carpets for our
public buildings and offices. We have bought
fallv enough of such carpets for this Chamber.
It is time that we should manifest some disposi-
tion to encourage in this respect American man-
ufactures. I believe that we should now declare
! bv our legislation that American carpets are
i good enough for the servants of the people to
tread upon. It seems to nie that we should
long ago have inaugurated a reform in this
respect.
Mr. KASSON. I have only to say that in
reporting the appropriation embraced in this
I paragraph, it was not the intention of the Com-
i mittee on Appropriations to include anything
| for carpets ; and f am afraid that this proviso,
if adopted, will occasion a necessity for an ad-
ditional item in a deficiency bill next year.
Mr. GRINNELL. I have only to say, in
reply to my colleague, that the bill does men-
tion'carpets ; and therefore the amendment is
proper.
Mr. KASSON. As an amendment to the
preceding paragraphs of the bill, it would be
| out of order. 1 supposed that it was offered as
i an amendment to this paragraph.
j The CHAIRMAN. It-is only in order as an
amendment to the pending paragraph.
I Mr. GRINNELL. I had the sanction of the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
in presenting this amendment, and £ supposed
that of courfe it was in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains tho
amendment as an amendment to the pending
paragraph. Does the gentleman insist upon
the amen dm em?
Mr. GRINNELL. I do. most certainly.
On agreeing to the amendment, there wore,
on :t division—ayes 80, noes "4 ; no quorum
voting.
Tile CHAIRMAN, tinder the rule, ordered
