1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
of slavery. It was at one time the right to cap-
tare and to aid in capture; at .•mother, the right
to carry into .Territories : at another, the right
of passage through and domieil in the States;
at another, the principle that the Constitution
carried it everywhere, and at all times; and
finally, tho^eulminating right, that of secession
from the Union in order to build up a confed-
eration of which it was to be the chief corner-
stone. Jofferson'sideaofStaterights wassim-
ply the conservation of individual and State
rights. The idea of the latter-day pretended
followers of Jefferson was that State rights was
the liberty given to one man to oppress his fel-
low, and that no power, not even the central
authority itself^ could intervene to shield the
oppressed. I his was the degeneration of a
great principle of individual libertv, subordi-
nated to social welfare, to the principle of the
pirate or (lie robber who regards 110 law but
brute force. And such a degeneration only
showed that State rights, as understood by these
bad men. had passed outside and beyond the
pale of civilization itself, and thus became
inimical not only to the people, but actually
menaced I he national unity.
But, indeed, when thenaiional authority found
itself unable to protect the liberties of the peo-
ple, it not only failed in the first principles of
its organization, but degenerated into an instru-
ment of oppression. The form of the original
instrument, it is true, remained, but under the
modern interpretation of the principle of State
rights the soul which had originally animated
it had long since departed. So that the con-
test between the so-called advocates of State
fights, which had convulsed the nation more or
less from its foundation, culminated in armed
rebellion against the central authority, leaving
the friends of a Government founded 011 the
natural rights of a people and universal justice
no' other alternative but to defend with the
sword that which they had so long and so nobly
contended for with the tongue and pen. I con-
sequently, then, regard this contest as much
closed by the late war as that which for years
preceded the Revolution was closed by the tri-
umph of our arms at that period. As the coun-
try entered upon a new era at the close of the
Revolution, so it enters upon a new era now.
The Revolution settled the great principle that
representation should follow taxation, and that
so far as all men in these United States were
concerned, this principle was true in theory
but not in practice, and this because slavery
existed as a disturbing element at that time.
The result of the rebellion has made this prin-
ciple for which the fathers fought not only
true in theory but true in practice. The rebel-
lion commenced in a desire either to destroy
this Union or to decide that the principle for
which the fathers fought for was applicable
only to white men. It ended in the defeat, find !
disgrace of the men who upheld and fought for !
this principle and the triumph of those who J
opposed it. During the contest, and while it |j
was yet in doubt, it was found necessary to j!
make the principles of the Declaration of In- ii
dependence and of the Constitution practically j|
as well as theoretically true by the elevation of :!
the exceptional race to the status of free citi- ;j
zens. This was done, and the race was called |[
upon to aid in the struggle, and they nobly re- jj
sponded to the appeal. They not only helped
to win their own liberty, but aided to preserve
ours.
The result of the rebellion, then, having made
the principles of the Constitution not only the-
oretic,uly but practically true, it is our duty to
see that "the principles of the Constitution are
now carried out to the fullest extent of the idea
of the frainei",; to have them carried out so as
to embrace "all men" as truly as the fathers
embraced them ideaTy. and would have em-
braced them truly bid for the existence of sla-
very at that, time. In doing this the country
takes a new departure in the course toward the
goal of universal freedom, and with the noble
motto, "Equal and exact justice to all men/'
inscribed upon its escutcheon, stands forth, in
the presence of all nations, thoroughly purged
from every impurity. Pounded upon the rock
of true republicanism, "universal suffrage," in
the ages to come the waves of death and dark-
j ness may beat against it, but shall beat in vain,
j From the very nature of republicanism, as
I understood by the fathers, freedom and suffrage
j are concomitant, twin sisters, inseparable, imi-
;-tual!y dependent 011 caeh other for support and
existence. Sulfiago follows freedom as light
follows the rising of the sun. It is by the ballot-
box that freedom is upheld and perpetuated,
lake away that sacred right of republican gov-
ernment, and you leave the people no means
for the redress of grievances but those of revo-
lution. You compel those who arc denied this
right to resort to force in order to obtain them.
Indeed, uni versa} suffrage is to such an extent
the distinguishing feature of republican insti-
tutions that our people, from the highest to the
lowest, our statesmen, our judges, and our jour-
nalists, have continually justified revolution in
any nation of the Old World in which the right
of suffrage is either denied to the great mass of
the people or so abridged as to be practically
a nullity. During the well-known Dorr rebel-
lion of Rhode Island, indeed, I well remember
that the Democratic journals of the country,
almost without exception, justified the rebels
on the ground that the constitution and laws of
that State left the majority of the people 110 other
alternative save revolution, because it denied the
right of suffrage. Now, how can "we stand up
in^the presence of the despotisms of the Old
World and justify their oppressed people for
waging war against a tyranny which exists in a
more offensive and oppressive manner among
ourselves? In most of the despotic nation, of
the globe a man may, by acquiring property, by
performing some signal service to the State, or
by some other means, place himself in the gov-
erning class; but in the United Slates, under
our Constitution, as interpreted by certain pol-
! iticians a nd staf esmen, a large class of the people
; are forever excluded from the rights of freemen,
from ever becoming a part and parcel of the peo-
ple of the United Stales. Judge Taney, in the
celebrated Dred Scott case, declares that no
State has a right to make a citizen of the Uni-
ted States:
"The Constitution, upon its adoption, obviously
took from the States all power, by any subsequent
legislation, to introduce as aeitizen into thepolitical
family of the United States any one. no niatterwliere
he was born, or what might be his, chai acter or con-
dition."
Now, the question arises, what constitutes
the political family of the United States? Why,
ceifainlv those born to the soil: those who pay !
taxes for the support of the Gov einnieaL: those ]
who are called upon to bear aims in its defense j
against inmrrection at heme and against the j
public enemy abroad. Every man, then, who !
is not an alien who refuses allegiance to the J
Government comes under this category; and J
to the extent that you abridge or deny the right !j
of citizenship, to that extent you violate the ;
principles of the Constitution of the United ji
States and the Declaration of Independence, j|
which are based 011 those principles. Demo- ji
eratie interpreters of the Constitution claim li
that a State may make or unmake a citizen of j
the United States, and limit or deny him the
suffrage. 1 deny this. A State may regulate
and control the suffrage so as to prevent frauds,
and for the convenience of voting, but, it can-
not take from one citizcn of the United States
within its borders that which it allows to an-
other. Again 1 queue ft01a Judge Taney's
opinion in the Died Scott case, lie says;
" And if persons of tile African ra'-e are citizens of
a State ami of the United States the;/ would be en-
titled to a] I of tho^ privileges.-oldimmunities in every
State, and the. State could not restrict them, for they
would hold these privileges and immunities under
the paramount anfliorii3- of the Federal Government ;
and its courts would be bound io maintain and rnforoe
them, theconstitution andthelawsof the Staieto the
contrary notwithstanding. And if the States eould
limit or lx-stiict them, or place the party in an inferior
pxade, this clau^c ol the Constitution would be un-
meaning. and could have 110 operation, and would
rive no !]£rht> to the < itizen when in another State.
He would have none but what the State itself chose
to allow him."
Now, Mr. Speaker, admitting, for the sake
of the argument, that, at the time of the adoption
of the Constitution, ns Judge Taney, claimed
the African was enslaved and subject, at the
present day this is not the case, there is in
this country now no subject or enslaved race!
i\o foot of a slave or subject pollutes our soil.
We are sovereign people. The constitutional
amendment has elevated all the people into
what? Is it into a distinct class, separate and
defined by metes and bounds, oris'it into the
only class we or the Constitution recognize—
the people of the United States? Certainly it
is the latter class, and if it is, then they are citi-'
zens of the United States, possessing all the
rights find immunities of such. Again I quote
J udge Taney, who says:
, '.'P10 words 'people of the United States' and
citizens are synonymous terms-, and'mcun the same
thing."
But he also says that no State can restrict
the privileges and immunities of a citizen of
the United States. I have shown that among
those privileges and immunities the right of
suffrage is the most sacred of all. It is, in
fact, the ark of the covenant that overshad-
ows, covers, and protects with its sacred wings
every other right, civil as weil as political,
lake it av,"ay, and you take awa}' the power
of conserving and protecting all the rest. X
cannot conclude but that freedom and suffrage
are inseparable in our political system, just-as
people and citizens arc synonymous terms in
our Constitution. Every attribute of a truly
republican government confirms this, and every
departure from this principle testifies to our
want of faith in the ability of the people to be
sovereigns, and of a growing belief in the doc-
trine that the government of the select, few, is
more preferable and more in accordance witli
right, justice, and humanity than the govern-
! ment of the entire mas^. Recausc, and only
because, the African people were an enslaved
and subject race at the time of the adoption of
the Constitution, they had no right that the
white man was bound to respect. The emanci-
pation proclamation has removed the badge of
servitude from off their necks, but does not in
any word limit the freedom into which they have,
been introduced. On the contrary, it is pro-
f videcl that Congress shall have the power to.
j carry out that freedom to the fullest extent.
The old Roman acts of emancipation, previous
to theperiod of imperial rule, limited the status
of frecdmen. The emperors abolished that
limit, and the freedmau when emancipated be-
came at once a citizen. Oui aet of emancipa-
tion neither limits nor defines the status of the
freedmau. It elevates him at once into the
ranks of the people. 11 easts him into the great
mass with all disabilities removed and all po-
litical and civil rights granted him. The State
that dares to limit or abridge or deprive him
altogether of those rights, violates the Consti-
tution of the United States, and in so doing
commits a high crime against the authority of
that instrument as well as against the sover-
eignty of the people.
It may not he wise to extend this high pre-
rogative of a citizen, the elective franchise, to
that large class of people who Inue so recently
become free; indeed, I fully agree with those
who claim that it would be best to withhold it
until they become more accustomed to think
and aet for themselves, and attain a degree of
knowledge and intelligence necessary to a pro-
per appreciation of that attribute of citizenship.
Rut I sec 110 way of escape from the force of
truth and inevitable logic of the conclusion that
freedom and citizenship carry with them, pari
pa^a. the right of suffrage.
1 have endeavored to show, Mr. Speaker,
that in the foundation of the Go\ eminent the
people of all the Stales agreed that, in order to
a more perfect Union for the sake of ourselves
and our posterity, the States should aive up cer-
tain rights that would otheiwise inherejn them
to the United States or new nation about to be
formed. Among these rights were virtually
the inherent rights of sovereignty, namely, the
right to make war and declare peace, the right
of citizenship to the extent that said citizen-
