WM CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
February 15,
ship should be uniform throughout the Union
ana regulated by Congress. Thus the right of
HEturalizfitioh was declared to be a right of the
new nation, while all the people^ of the United
States were declared to- be citizens thereof;
and-thus the citizens of any one State in the
tFtiion were given "the right to enter every
State whenever they pleased," I again quote
from Judge Taney's opinion in the Dred Scott
ease, "singly or m companies, without pass or
passport and without'obstruction, to sojourn
there as long as they pleased, to go where they
pleased at every hour of the day or night, with-
out molestation, unless they committed some
vkilaiion of the law." In fact, the Confederacy
was changed into a great nation based upon the
will of the whole people, and subject to such
laws as'would conserve the general weal. Cer-
iaiu modes of procedure were also laid down
for altering or amending the Constitution, but
nowhere do we find provision made for the
accession of a State from the national Confed-
eration ; on the contrary, the idea of the frara-
ers evidently was, that as national unity was
necessary to national safety and individual lib-
erty, so every possible means was taken to
preserve that unity for themselves and their
posterity. The Constitution declares that Con-
gress shall guaranty to every State a republican
form of government. Now, suppose the major-
ity in any one State decide in favor of a mo-
narchical or despotic government, this is practi-
cally carrying out the right of secession, for
such a government is incompatible with the
tfnion of these States. In view of the forma-
tion of such a government, the minority in that
State could appeal to the Congress of the Uni-
ted States for protection, and Congress would
be compelled to intervene in order to vindicate
the Constitution of the United States and the
principle of universal suffrage on which it is
founded. The duty devolving upon the United
States of guarantying a republican government,
to the citizens of every State is one of the
Strongest evidences that the secession of a State
was never contemplated by the fathers ; but. on
the contrary, the paramount duty of the Govern-
ment was to preserve the liberty of the citizen,
■whether menaced by insurrection or despotism
by the States or any confederation of them, or
by any enemy from abroad.
Indeed, thecontingency which rendered inter-
vention necessary to preserve the liberty of the
people has occurred in our day, and was caused
not by any despotic act of the central author-
ity itself, but by the attempt of an oligarchy
based on the right of man to hold property
in man, through the perversion of the doctrine
of State rights, to trample on the liberties of
the people and extinguish them forever under
the worst despotism in all the annals of history.
The right of a State to secede, then, is found to
be incompatible with the principle of universal
suffrage, and the fathers seemg that it might,
and no doubt would, endanger it, so worded
the organic act as to decree a perpetual Union
for the purpose of perpetuating liberty with it.
Liberty and union, one and inseparable, was
inscribed on their banner; and their sons dur-
ing the late rebellion have held it aloft amid
scenes of blood and carnage such as the world
had never previously witnessed. After such a
contest, and such a triumphant termination
thereto, is it possible that any true patriot can
for a moment doubt that the idea of the fathers
transmitted to their children became in them
an article of political faith, so deeply engraven
ip their hearts and consciences that all the
demoniacal powers of a despotism could not
prevail to undermine or destroy it? It was this
faith that sustained us through the late bloody
struggle against the enemies of human rights.
It is this faith in liberty and union that will
always prove a wall of fire against any similar
assaults in the future.
But. M". Speaker, the enemies of this Union
and this liberty arc still insidiously at work.
They still talk of State rights and "State sov-
ereignty. But still, as bet'orp. with them State
rights means the riglH of an oligarchy to de-
prive the people of their liberties, to say that
a citizen of the United States shall not be en-
titled to the privileges and immunities of the
citizcns of each State. This is the real (xninius
of State rights; and secession means the deter-
mination to enforce the dogma outside the pro-
tecting regis of the Constitution, if they cannot
do so within. .We respect Home, because she
protected her citizens in all the provinces of,
her vast dominion, even the most remote. Saul
of Tarsus, though a Jew, appealed to her for
protection from the lash, and his appeal was
heard. We admire Great Britain, because she
also protects her citizens, and allows no State
to make exceptive laws discriminating against
them. .But are we to deny to an American cit-
izen, one of the sovereign people of our free
Government, that supreme. right of protec-
tion which despotic Governments are so care-
ful to accord to their subjects or their slaves 1
We do deny this supreme right to our citizens
when we acknowledge that a State can secede
from the Union and thus deprive its citizens of
that support and protection, ot those rights of
sovereign.citizenship, to confirm and preserve
which the Union itself was formed, and formed
for no other purpose.
As regards the dogma of State suicide, so
ably set forth by Mr. Stevexs and others, I
cannot indorse it consistently with these views.
A State may, by alteration or amendment of
its organic act, place itself in a position that
puts it without the pale of republican govern-
ment. It stiil remains a State, however, sub-
ject to the Constitution, and Congress is bound
to see that the penalties, if not privileges, of
that instrument are visited upon it. it thus
remains a State for correction and amendment,
in order that its citizens, who are at the same
time citizens of the United States, may be pro-
tected in their rights and privileges, at least
that, portion of them who continue true to their
allegiance to the Constitution and the Union.
The Constitution provides no way for the seces-
sion of a State from the Union, and no State
having been taken out by the war it is plain that
these States lately in rebellion have never been
out, and are consequently still in the Union.
The question whether it is in or out, theoret-
ically, is not so important as the question of
restoration, and that is the question with which
we are now called upon to deal. It is a most
important question, because that upon it de-
pends the restoration and perpetuation of the
Union.
And in approaching this question the first
consideration should be. the fitness of the late
so-called seceded States to renew their alle-
giance to the Union. This fitness depends on,
first, their loyalty to the Constitution ; secondly,
their loyalty to human rights, the rights and
privileges of every citizen thereof. As regards
loyalty to the Union, wo should be satisfied
that they will repudiate all their debts incurred
in the prosecution of the late war: and on the
other hand respect the debts commoted by us
in putting down the rebellion. This would be
such a practical exhibition of loyalty as to fully
satisfy the Union man most doubtful as to the
honesty of their future. True, this has virtually
been repudiated by the collapse of the rebel-
lion itself, but it remains a source of alarm
to our loyal people and an engine of mischief
with which demagogues may yet play to the
injury of the country and its institutions.
Mr. Speaker, when the States lately in re-
bellion shall send loyal Representatives here,
and when 1 see evidences of a desire on the
part of the people to do justly and love mercy,
and to walk as becomes members of a Chris-
tian republican eommonwcat'n, I shall rejoice
to admit them to the full and perfect rights and
privileges of which they have by their own
lolly been deprived.
From some of the States lately in insurrec-
tion members have been elected to this Con-
gress against whom not even a suspicion of
disloyally cuii be breathed. On the contrary,
they are noble and worthy men who have per-
iled all. property, family connections, and life
itself, in the cause of the Union. The States
which they represent having fulfilled the con-
diti.ons of admission understood by all to have
been imposed upon them after the suppression
of the rebellion, are entitled to representation
by loyal men. I think in the cases of all of
these States and of these loyal Representatives,
the committee on reconstruction should report
immediately and favorably. But at any rate,.
Mr. Speaker, the committee, having a proper
sense of what is due to the intelligence, honor,
and dignity of this House, should make a re-
port setting forth its reasons for the exclusion
of these States and their loyal liepresentatives.
In that case we could act understanding!)-, and
with all the lights on this subject before us.
Such a report would also tend to greatly relieve
the suspense and anxiety under which the coun-
try labors respecting the great questions of re-
construction and pacification of the Union.
I admit that on account of the factious con-
duct of the South, which, since the defeat of
the great rebel armies in the field, has in many *.
States been increasing rather than diminish-
ing in virulence, a state of war virtually exists
in the greater portion of that section ; but in
those States in which such a condition of things
does not prevail, would it not be well to admit
members by districts upon proper scrutiny of
their antecedents ? Indeed, is uot this a legal
mode of admitting members to seats in this
House? The States are represented in the
Senate and the people in the House of Repre-
sentatives, whose members are elected by dis-
tricts. If a State is not or cannot be fully rep-
resented, there is no reason that it should not
be represented at all. Pennsylvania to-day is
not fully represented, having but twenty-three
instead of twenty-four members on this floor, in
consequence of a contest for the representation
in the sixteenth district. Because that district
is not represented, shall we disfranchise the en-
tire State? So it is with some of these States
lately in rebellion. Take the case of Tennes-
see. It has established a loyal government.
It stands by the Union to-day as firmly and
steadfastly as Maryland, Missouri, or ICen-
tucky. Tennessee was admitted to a seat in the
last national Union convention, and one of her
sons was selected for the Vice Presidency, and
I can see no reason why its loyal Representa-
tives shall be excluded here. Shall we exclude
the noble Maynard and others of his colleagues
because one or more of the liepresentatives
may present so disloyal a record as to prevent
their admission ? These are certainly ques-
tions for the House to consider, and 1 respect-
fully urge the committee on reconstruction to
report upon them, so that we may take the
necessary action in so important a matter.
And while upon the subject of the reconstruc-
tion and readmission of the States, permit me
to say a few words regarding amendments to
the Constitution. I am opposed to all unne-
cessary and sweeping amendments of that in-
strument. They have a tendency to subvert
insidiously our form ofgovernment, and to beget
a want of reverence for the Constitution, which
will finally make it subject to the sport of every
wind of doctrine and the object of demagogical
assaults, the 'most dangerous not only to our
liberty, but to the stability of the Government.
I am especially opposed to the proposition to
elect the President directly by the popular vote.
Such a proposition would lend to make the
Government a consolidated democracy, which
would as surely lapse into a consolidated despot-
ism under the rule of some great military chief-
tain, or of some representative of sectional in-
terest overriding State authority and State indi-
| vidnality. To preserve, as I have heretofore,
endeavored to show, Slate indi\ iduulity in ae-
; cordance with national unity, v.as the gi eat
li purpose and labor of the fathers. Such an
amendment, in my opinion, would sooner or
later overthrow the first, anel convert the second
into an unmitigated despotism.
Before closing 1 am constrained to notice a
statement made the other day by my colleague
■ | from the fourth district. [Mr. Jio<;t:':!i. j soaptly
, designated yp-'lerday by the gentleman f'om
,, Pennsylvania [Mi1. SooriEi-ii] as the '• leader of
i I the Opposition,1' who, I regret, is pot now in his
